===== 帖子内容 =====

--- 帖子 #1 ---
QUANTUM ASIAN METHOD(QAM) by Masterrmind*
DUE TO POPULAR DEMAND AND SEVERAL REQUESTS BY INTERESTED TRADERS I WILL BE OUTLINING HOW I TRADE QAM

The original QUANTUM LONDON TRADING (QLT) thread by mer071898 can be found here:

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=551382 (original idea was based on the Frankfurt/London trading times).

Note: Trading the Q Method in the FF and London sessions is certainly possible (I know because I traded it for several months as have others) but it requires a rather big bank roll ie a larger trading account balance. Not all traders have the luxury of a larger account typically over $10 000 is required to trade during this trading window. Therefore to help traders who either have or only wish to trade the Q Method with a much smaller account balance I decided to investigate ways to make this possible. By selecting whats known as a 'turtle pair' ie a currency pair that typically has a very small ADR and frequently trades within a relatively smaller pip range I found that it was possible to start trading with a much smaller account balance and the likelihood of a large DD was less likely to occur (note however that a larger DD can and will occur even in a turtle pair so a trader must always be prepared and this is where risk management enters the equation). This thread will be a continuation of that journey and hopefully outline many of the traps that are ever present, provide additional trading knowledge and ultimately grow a smaller (eg $1000) account into a larger account by having a reasonable net weekly %gain and a respectable DD without risking the whole account in the process.

The following important points need to be made regarding the QAM Trading Strategy:

1. QAM is not my main trading strategy but simply an additional strategy that is allocated a small% of my trading account;
2. QAM should always be viewed as a trading strategy that is relatively risky because it thrives on producing a drawdown;
3. QAM can be applied to several currency pairs, commodities and indices;
4. QAM can be traded on multiple time frames;
5. QAM can be traded in a host of different trading windows; and
6. There is no limit to the number of ways that QAM can be traded, adapted or expanded upon.
7**. Importantly my approach to much of the QAM strategy is of a discretionary nature meaning that the traders decisions go well beyond opening a long trade when a blue box appears and short a trade when a red box appears!
** Sometimes this is the case but my idea with QAM is to close off mini cycles of trades at opportune times as a means of limiting large DD as much as possible.

The main points I look at when trading QAM can be briefly outlined as follows (they will be thoroughly expanded upon throughout the course of the thread):

1. Taking advantage of the typical Asian Session trading patterns that exist which implies known retracements in price;
2. Likely occurrence of pullbacks of price to the Daily Open zone;
3. Mini pullbacks of price to known areas of support and resistance for potentially closing out cycles of trades;
4. An awareness of a given pairs' ADR, ATR and other important factors;
5. The spread of the traded pair (broker spread and broker choice needs to be considered as high spread influences the efficient closing of cycles ie with respect to the ask and the bid for a short entry versus a long entry);
6. The volatility and likely trading ranges within a given trading window;
7. Setting realistic global SL for each trade or a cycle of trades such that maximum risk is never exceeded;
8. Have a realistic trading plan over weekly, monthly and yearly periods;
9. Develop a reasonable net weekly %gain at a certain DD in demo initially and then fine tune it later for a live trading account;
10. Learn to observe how price typically moves across the chart noting areas of S+R;
11. Awareness of strong trend development and how to actively manage a cycle of trades to minimize loss as much as possible
12. Awareness of news and its typical impact on a given currency pair (often this is highly variable but not always); and
13. Many other trading factors if and as required.

THE TEMPLATE

The QAM system can literally be traded using the Quantum Indicator on a 'naked' chart provided the trader has a very strong affinity to price action, zones of support and resistance, psychological levels (the round numbers 000 and the 50's), daily open price, knows the ADR, ATR, spread, average trading window pip range over several months, the trading window start and end times and a general familiarity with how the pair typically moves throughout the course of the week!

Attached File(s)   QAM.tpl

823 KB
|
2,806 downloads

It should look similar to the chart below if you've done everything correctly:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Note: the template (tpl) is suitable for the MT4 trading platform only at this stage and is used here simply because it is the most popular platform among forum traders (other platforms can, do and will perform better and/or worse than MT4!)

THE INDICATORS

The included indicators are as follows with all due acknowledgement to the original coders :

Attached Image

Attached File(s)   QAM.zip

160 KB
|
4,063 downloads

Do not post charts to this thread containing 'lagging' indicators please which include some of the following:
MACD,
RSI,
Stochastics
.............. among many others.

Note: If you are unsure about whether or not a certain indicator can be posted to this thread please ask before you post it as this shows common courtesy.

[The CCI indicator (is a possible exception to the above rule) has shown to be useful when closing cycles of trades but certainly needs to be modified and in any case is not really needed].

PAIRS TRADED

Initially only 2 currency pairs EURCHF and EURGBP will be traded due to their common 'turtle' like behavior.
EURCHF WILL BE THE ONLY PAIR traded at the start.
EURGBP will be traded at a much later stage.

Note:
In the future other currency pairs will also be traded including some commodities and indices.

TIME FRAME

M1 time frame will be used initially but other TFs will be added later.

TRADING WINDOW

Asian Session initially over a 6 hour trading period

Start Time = Tokyo Open

End Time = Frankfurt Open
Note:
The trading start time may be altered at a later time to 1 hour pre Tokyo Open however the trading end time will not be altered and it is preferred that trading cycles/trades are completed before Frankfurt Opens.

CYCLES OF TRADES

Minimum 1 cycle to a maximum of 3 cycles

Note:
Initially the cycles are limited to a maximum of 2 cycles of trades per trading day unless the 2nd cycle of trades completes well inside the assigned trading window time slot (ie several hours before FF Open). Completion of cycles of trades may take place manually before the opposite signal arrives, at the opposite signal or by EA management at closure.

NUMBER OF TRADES PER CYCLE

To be determined based on account trading size, lot size per trade, global stop loss location and overall risk parameters.

TRADE EXPLORERS

I suggest that trade explorers be used by the serious traders as a means of confirming trades entered and closed including the collection of valuable trading analytical data which will highlight important parameters such as net% gain, drawdown and a host of other factors.

Phase I:
Demo TE - Although it is voluntary for a trader to provide a TE I will be providing one and hope that others might also participate especially during the 1st phase which will be demo only! This is where you can look at any bad trades etc and discuss it in the thread so that improvements in your trading results can be made.

Phase II:
Live TE will be used on one of my trading accounts and other traders are also welcome to participate on a voluntary basis.

FURTHER INFORMATION

I prefer to guide the trader more so than doing everything for them so please do your homework and attempt in the first instance to work out an issue by yourself! If you are still really lost then please post a question or PM me.

I will upload a basic template and some informative indicators but I expect the trader to be forward thinking enough to search for other useful informative tools freely available throughout the Forexfactory forum and beyond.

Steps needed:

1. Open an M1 chart of EURCHF and attach the given template (including all the indicators)
2. Determine the ADR of EURCHF pair over the last month (initially just use 20 days but this might be modified later) which you will find at the top of your chart centred and in blue text courtesy of the ADR indicator.
3. Determine the ADR for the given currency pair of the trading window.
(An excel spreadsheet will be useful in recording these ranges on a continuous basis at the end of each trading day).
4. Go back through your chart of the EURCHF pair and become familiar with its typical daily movements from 1 session to the other and 1 hour to the next and make a mental note of any repeated patterns if any such patterns exist! This is to help you form an appreciation and an expectation of the typical movements of the pair.
5. Get ready to participate in the trading session when the market opens!

Note:
There is much to cover about many related topics that form part of trading this method but the basic concept is quite simple. The discretionary part of the traders thinking is far more important and knowing when to leave some cycles run while closing out others. At the end of the day you have done nothing wrong if you close out a cycle of trades prematurely since profit is profit but hopefully the more familiar you become with how price typically behaves on a given pair you will be able to extract more profit by closing out at better zones. Don't worry too much because no-one has the ability to close out perfect cycles of trades as it is impossible so what we wish to achieve here is taking a reasonable chunk of profit without bringing on unnecessary DD!

I hope the thread proves to be useful as well as entertaining so I hope you all enjoy the journey!

Good Trading,

Masterrmind .........

--- 帖子 #2 ---
Pair Ranges for EURCHF

Its important to create both Daily Ranges and Trading Window Ranges for the EURCHF pair since this gives us a basic idea of the likely ranges that we'll face.

Tabulate the daily range values and the trading window range values from your own chart and compare them to my values shown in the screenshot below .... they should be fairly similar but not necessarily identical.

Start with the past 4 weeks of trading so you should have 20 values (5 days by 4 weeks) for the Daily Ranges and then 20 for the trading window ranges.

Remember that not all brokers data are the same and therefore you should create your own ranges based on the broker of your choice.

Although it is unlikely that longer term averages would vary all that much.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #3 ---
currently away from my desk but will load as soon I reach home, subscribed . M, can I ask what intrests you E/chf this pair makes very few pips on major moves, may your system or style suites this pair. I keep this pair out of my list but will add it now.

V

--- 帖子 #4 ---
Hello Masterrmind,

Could you show in graph, how would you have traded that day (23 feb)?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Thank you for the thread and green pips for you and all members.

--- 帖子 #5 ---
Welcome varun76...........

The reason for choosing these turtle pairs is related to their typical price action behavior and because they are easier pairs to deal with in the early stages of learning meaning that most traders should have no trouble keeping up with the pace.

Another reason is that the M1 Chart can generate quite a number of entries.

On the turtle pairs the likely number of pips traveled on average is far lower than the active pairs and certainly much less than the volatile pairs.

On average this means for a given number of trades at a given lot size the DD is usually much lower and it is the DD which we are trying to limit.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #6 ---
Thanks for the explanation M, so to start with we are using Echf and later can use any pair right ? I'll be lloking at the system and will post the charts from next week running so busy this week and M1 needs our attention every m tick.

V

--- 帖子 #7 ---
Closing out mini cycles of trades at mini S+R zones will limit the losses in this situation including the placement of a pre-defined SL.

Thankfully these types of strong trends are not that common in the trading windows that we will be using (yes the one you show is such an example but not a common example) but yes they do happen from time to time.

What I have added to this strategy is a SL placement so that DD is limited ie not infinite by waiting for a reverse signal.

Importantly, the QAM trading strategy is starting with a smaller account size say $1000 so this will imply that only a very few trades will ever be opened at the one time and certainly not all those entries you see on the chart.

This will be covered in much more detail when I outline risk management after most traders are up and running.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #8 ---
Yes thats right everyone will start with the same pair so we all follow the same analysis as each other.

Getting the learning process right at the start is important and the less pairs the better initially.

Masterrmind........

--- 帖子 #9 ---
Green pips MM! Followed your thread and waiting for Asian open! Good luck!

--- 帖子 #10 ---
Looking Forward, May god bless us all. Will post from next week, Master.

Take Care

V

--- 帖子 #11 ---
Matermind interesting strategy ,

I know well quantum , it is risky with strong trend.

To see how filtering these trends and turn away from them.

Suscribed

--- 帖子 #12 ---
Welcome to the thread AntonioLegaz and yes you are right the powerful trend can be very deadly if it is not properly managed in this type of strategy!

I hope to share how I manage such situations when they arise by firstly being prepared before they occur.

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #13 ---
I hope you find the method interesting geol13.....

There is quite a bit of information to go through but I'll present it very slowly at first so its easier to follow.

Once you practice the method and learn to apply the discretionary part you should find it not too difficult however it is the discretionary part of trading that many traders struggle with and it also the part that takes the longest time to learn.

Masterrmind.........

--- 帖子 #14 ---
Subscribed

Thank you Masterrmind, always appreciate your knowledge and experience!

Vlad

--- 帖子 #15 ---
Welcome Vlad its great to see you here......

Initially the charts will be traded at a very slow pace so everyone has a chance to keep up ..... basically its crawl...then walk and then run.

I'll kick off a demo account ($1000) on March 1 and link it to a trade explorer (TE) so all trades are visible and hopefully I'll get a few others that join in.

The month of March will be used for the demo (but I'll probably keep it running) although by around April 1 I'd like to quickly shift to a live account which will also be linked to a TE.

Not too far away I'll be applying one of your EA's (1.6.1) to the charts because it makes entries far more efficient on an M1 Chart ..... full credit to you for your coding skill and willingness to offer it freely...........

More information about QAM will be provided throughout the course of the day!

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #16 ---
Subscribed!!! Always learn a lot from you, Mastermind. Thank you for starting this thread.  Hopefully I can also help and contribute in this thread

Congrats and Good luck to us!! More Green pips!!

--- 帖子 #17 ---
To your template add the following pivot point indicator or choose one of many others available on FF

Attached File(s)   PivotLinesINTERBANKv2.ex4

18 KB
|
1,258 downloads

Attached File(s)   PivotLinesINTERBANKv2.mq4

11 KB
|
1,408 downloads

Then your chart should look like the chart below:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Masterrmind.........

--- 帖子 #18 ---
Today will be used to explain the method in further details including observing price as it flows across the EURCHF chart..............

Note: Trades will commence from March 1

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #19 ---
To answer some of the PM's I'll explain the reasoning behind the excel sheet.

1. I use it to tabulate and keep an up to date record of the Daily Ranges and

2. Trading Window Ranges

This helps to form an expectation of the 'likely' trading ranges for a given pair over the period that I'll be trading it.

I determine the average ranges over the last 20 trading days for a given pair eg EURCHF.

Then omit any obvious outliers in the data ie very large values that are unlikely to be repeated or that have a low probability of occurring!

The SL is then based on both the value from the excel sheet and then adjusted slightly on the chart to align with either S+R zones or pivot points depending on the chart being analyzed at the time.

Once you have this value then you use it for the SL of any additional trades!

Traded 0.1lots (minimum for this broker) but I'd prefer to use 0.01 to start off so a different demo account will be setup from early tomorrow (market open time).

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Be patient and focus..........

Watch price action across the chart.........

Decide on the entry based on risk for the trade or cycle of trades........

Enter the trade with a SL and an appropriate TP.

Note: The TP I choose is either close to the reverse Q signal or within recent price action (ie the little swing low/highs) or at the DO line or S+R zone based on the flow of price and whether price hesitates to break lower or higher etc.

Trade was actually manually closed out just above TP after price eventually dropped down about 1.5 to 2 pips below the DO line.

Clearly you can see the pattern on the chart...price rose up then reversed and headed back to the DO line and this is what I like to see in the Asian Session.

Then price heads back up to recent highs and so we need to be looking for opportunities to short the pair down.

However, be careful entering trades that become closer to the FF Open because the chart shows us that ranges increase considerably and the chance of being caught up in a high DD is likely due in part to a small trading account!

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #20 ---
More on the excel sheet............

1. Use the XI-AsianBO indicator.....

2. In the settings change the trading times to suit your particular case. So in the case of Tokyo Open through to FF Open which is the trading window I am currently using I choose 2 and 9 as the time frames.

Open Hour = 2

Close Hour = 9

3. Then use a TF > M1 such as H1 and simply go back as far as you like noting the ranges.

4. Repeat the process for the Daily Ranges

5. Enter both sets of ranges in a spread sheet similar to the one I have shown in an earlier post

Then look through the columns of data and delete obvious outliers (values that are well outside the normal range in particular values that are much greater than most of the other values .... (I don't really want to turn this into a detailed math lesson!)

6. Determine Max and average values (you should end up with 4 columns; 2 columns of 20 values each and 2 columns of <20 values each because you have cut out at least 1 outlier ('bad' data value) (I got 19)

7. Now you have your values that you can apply to your chart for the EURCHF pair (in the future if trading other pairs you will need to repeat this same process except on EURGBP OR EURUSD etc)

The screenshot below is what you should get close too:

Attached Image

The data can be plotted in excel very easily to give you a clear picture of data ranges and the obvious outliers but this is not really necessary.

Note: My data goes back more than a year so that I can plot trends over time and compare months from the current year to ones in the past.

All this is simply to give an appreciation of the 'likely' ranges moving forward and to be able to apply a realistic SL that is not too high and certainly not too low.

The value you end up with should then be updated moving forward meaning that at the end of each trading day you will enter the new values.

This keeps your excel spreadsheet current and up to date.

Provided that trading window ranges and the daily ranges don't change too much then your SL value may not change that much either but remember that as the year moves forward it is highly likely that the trading ranges will increase!

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #21 ---
Well Done MM, see you have opted for the BIG REWARD....Helping others   Good Luck with the thread cheers Q

--- 帖子 #22 ---
this will be complicated but it is worthy.

thanks a lot Master

--- 帖子 #23 ---
You know what, MM, whilst I am not a fan of the system as originally posted (although you may recall I've liked Mer's approach and threads over the years), I really like the professional way you have presented this thread, so I wish you great success .

--- 帖子 #24 ---
Welcome drixgatsby and thank you for the kind words.

I look forward to your contributions.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #25 ---
Don't worry its not that complicated.

I received your PM about the excel sheet and have added another post to explain it so I hope its clearer (see Post 20).

Don't worry too much about the excel sheet it is only used to gather a few values so that a SL can be realistically defined (note that chart structure is also considered).

In the example, the value is calculated to be 28.6 over the last 4 weeks of trading.

The SL used for that trading window is then 28.6 pips (usually rounded to 30 pips for convenience).

Trade Example:

Refer to the short trade taken in Post 19 the SL used in this trade is 30 pips (as per excel calc.).

The demo account in this instance has a minimum lot size of 0.1 lots and therefore I made only 1 short trade.

Trading account balance = US$1000 so 30 pips @ 0.1 lots *$10 per lot is about US$30 which represents about 3% risk on that trade.

I would prefer to use 0.01 lots per entry meaning that the total lots traded in the cycle would have been 0.01 * 5 short trades = 0.05 lots.

[Note: Another broker that has a 0.01 lot minimum lot size will be used from March 1 onwards.]

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #26 ---
Nice to see you around starpro I hope all is well and you are making heaps in the markets.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #27 ---
Thanks jtrade I'll try to keep the explanations as simple as I can because I'd like as many followers as possible to understand how I approach QAM.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #28 ---
Note the behavior of price during the Asian Trading Window today.......

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

1. Close to the DO line (thick black line)

2. How price respects the support level S1

3. How price took off in a stronger trend at FF Open

4. How price slowed closer to the Pivot and eventually reversed and went the opposite direction

5. If Quantum signals appear very late in the trading window then it may well be best not to open such trades but if they are opened then they must be very closely monitored due to the danger of trades heading off against you with momentum. The risk may not be worth the reward in this case!

The power of observation and noting repeating patterns on the chart(s) are very powerful tools to have in your trading arsenal .... use them!

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #29 ---
Try to avoid taking trades near the end of the Asian Trading Window even 2-3 hours prior to FF Open.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

If 1-2 cycles of trades (or even a few small trades) have been completed leave it at that!

No need to be greedy because the DD will catch up with you sooner rather than later unfortunately.

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #30 ---
Master, thanks.

do You mind answering my question ? i know it seems stupid basic questions, but at the moment too much info in my head causes paralysis. i am sorry Master.

what is DO ?

and how to have that Quantum signals ?

many thanks Master

--- 帖子 #31 ---
Goldtime, just to save MasterMind some time ,DO stands for "daily open" if you google Daily open indicator and quantum indicator you will find them, do try to research a little .... eh?  did you actually read the 1st post wher MM posted the "quantum trading site?

--- 帖子 #32 ---
No need to be sorry its perfectly fine to ask any question you like.

The chart posted above will explain more about what the Quantum Indicator and the Trending Indicator do.

Let me know if anything needs further explanation.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #33 ---
Thanks starpro much appreciated.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #34 ---
CHANGING THE QUANTUM VALUE

Although the template provided has a set value of Q = 200 it should be noted that this is a 'nice' fit to most of the turtle pairs however sometimes it will be necessary to change this value either lower or higher.

During a very long testing period several Q values were tested on different currency pairs.

On an M1 Chart and depending on the likely frequency of trade entries an expert advisor (EA) may need to be applied to the chart.

The EA is very useful for entering and also closing out cycles of trades (although I monitor and manage the cycles of trades) however in the early stages of this thread it is better to enter trades manually mainly because the account size used here is small and the number of trades at any one time is likely to be low. The EA will be applied at a much later stage when more trades are opened and the account size is much larger!

Note: Changing the Q exit values in the EA settings also becomes necessary during an actively traded cycles of trades.
This will be explained later so for now its only by manual application.

The following charts are examples of Q = 200, Q = 50 and Q = 10 on a EURCHF [M1] chart.

Note the difference in the number of quantum signals generated.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #35 ---
t

thanks for Your patience Master, You are truly master of mind.

i am studying rigorously this excellent system, once again thank You.

--- 帖子 #36 ---
Hey MM

Interesting choice of pairs to start with considering you're going to trade this during the Asian session. I will be trading along on my demo account... EURCHF followed by EURGBP.

--- 帖子 #37 ---
For those new to Quantum and the Trending Indicator please refer to the following chart for a brief explanation.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Note for illustration purposes Q has been set equal to 10.

For Q = 10 a new red box will be painted when price breaks out higher than the current high.

For Q = 10 a new blue box will be painted when price breaks out lower than the current low.

Think of drawing 1 vertical line 10 candles back and the 2nd vertical line on the current candle ..... now draw 2 horizontal lines through the high and the low points between the 2 vertical lines..... as time goes on these need to be updated continually.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #38 ---
Starting off with a very slow turtle pair ....  only EURCHF to begin.

I'm hoping it will be easier for everyone to follow considering that we'll be doing this manually and not by EA. (EA later).

I don't want to hit the high volatility at this early stage and especially not on a small starting balance.

Nice of you to join in which is most welcome.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #39 ---
Thanks goldtime ....

Just read through the information at your own pace and ask questions if you need further explanation.

Once you start trading the charts and understanding the method it will soon all start to make sense.

Good trading,

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #40 ---
Thanks for starting up new thread and sharing your diligent efforts with us all. I know you have spent much time perfecting, and tweaking Quantum during Asia, for minimum risk.

After being on original thread from the start, I just figured out what the Quantum value represented (8 months later...  ). No one ever accused me of being an egghead... ROFL! Once again, and simply put, a 200 Quantum would represent high/lows for the previous 200 (3 hours, 20 minutes) one minute candles.

One question; Do you use any Q high/low signals, prior to Tokyo Open?

Thanks,

Darryl

--- 帖子 #41 ---
MM

What time do you consider the Tokyo markets to be open at 8 am or 9 am Tokyo time. Just wanted to adjust my chart times.

--- 帖子 #42 ---
Regarding Q = 200 yes that means on an M1 Chart 200 M1 candles back so 200 minutes if you like......

Trading may be changed to start say 1-2 hours earlier but this depends on the signals being printed on the chart.

If an initial cycle is being missed on a regular basis then an earlier start time may be ideal.

I say ideal because usually the ranges at the start of the day are smaller but the spreads can be much larger so we need to be careful.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #43 ---
Tokyo Open just kicking off ........

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Plenty of red news around today so be mindful of it even if you think it is not directly related to the pair(s) you are trading.

Demo account started with IC Markets but feel free to choose whichever broker you like.

The Demo account is intended to run for about 1 month showing ok trades, good trades and some bad trades.

This is for discussion purposes since as traders we learn more from the bad trades than we do from the good ones.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #44 ---
Currently GMT 00:00

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #45 ---
We are now waiting for price to make a move closer to our signal area (blue or red quantum signal box).

When a signal box appears observe price initially there is no need to enter on first sighting of a signal box.

If you miss an entry close to a Q box do not be concerned simply allow price to go about its business and look for another entry later.

Price action and chart observation play a big part in how this method is applied .......... the trader discretionary part!

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #46 ---
This EChf M15 showing areas I see as S/R. Daily Pivot is in the middle of current price action. So as to not mislead anyone, I'm only using M15 to highlight potential areas of support, resistance, pivots, supply & demand. Still just trading M1.

--- 帖子 #47 ---
Yes its always a good idea to zoom out and have a look at the pair on a larger TF especially if the plan is to trade from them later.

Other TFs will be traded but for now its just the M1 Chart at least until the end of this month.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #48 ---
Proving to be a patience game today and that's perfectly fine because there is no need to rush an entry.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Some days there will simply be no entries or the Q signals will appear too close to FF Open in which case you simply don't trade.

Note: when the ranges are slightly wider other trading techniques can be applied such as short 5-10 pip trades from key levels within the Q boundaries which put simply means trading away from the DO line or mini S+R zones. On the EURCHF pair this is less likely but it works well on more 'energetic' pairs. The additional trades will be outlined later at a more appropriate time.

Masterrmind..........

--- 帖子 #49 ---
If no trades have been opened within 2 hours of Tokyo Open then I may consider reducing the Quantum value.

Observe the channel range in pips from Tokyo Open to T+2 hours which is displayed on your chart.

If its smaller than about 10-15 pips then think twice before trading it after considering spread and the likely TP that you may achieve, remembering of course that you are unlikely to take 100% of the move its more likely to be 50% to 70%. This will reduce the number of pips that your trade is likely to achieve so keep this in mind.

If it is to be traded then apply smaller Q values to the chart and check how well the Q signal boxes paint along the channel.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #50 ---
Adjusting Quantum to a lower value and zooming into the chart ......

Q = 60 in this example......

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

By leaving the trending lines set to a period of 200 it is clear to see how the smaller internal ranges can be traded.

Watch the pip range distances though its no good trading too tight of a range!

Determine if the 'internal' ranges are wide enough to trade.

If so trade them ... if not then pass.

Masterrmind..........

--- 帖子 #51 ---
Tightening of the 200 period channel........

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

What is the market trying to tell you?

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #52 ---
Subscribe,

Celebrating your new thread Master.

Thanks for those list of template and indi. This will enhance the advancement in Quantum Strategy.

--- 帖子 #53 ---
Welcome iamgotzaa I hope you find the information useful............

I approach Quantum from a far more detailed and involved manner and consider far more factors than simply whether or not the signal appears.

Enjoy the ride!

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #54 ---
If a trade has not been opened for several hours then its best usually not to make any trades on that pair for that particular day!

On the chart the next level of support is about 35 pips down.

Opening trades this late in the session increases risk because if price decides to go south the DD will increase and its possible you may still be sitting on the trades when FF Opens (this is not what you want).

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

It is unlikely that any trades will be placed on EURCHF today but if they are they will all be posted to the thread.

If a similar situation occurs in tomorrows trading window (ie no open trades within 1-2 hours of TO) I will change the Quantum value as outlined above and basically look to scalp the market.

The turtle pairs have such small ranges that scalping needs to be considered otherwise you make no trades at all.

This is why you always need to have a Plan B that can be implemented.

Lets see what tomorrow brings..........

Good trading,

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #55 ---
thanks Master

--- 帖子 #56 ---
The trading session has just ended with some interesting results between 2 different brokers.

One broker produced 2 long trades while the other produced 3 long trades.

So the profit gained from one broker to the next may vary just so you are aware but it can work the other way also.

The point of interest is if you look at the 2 charts you will clearly see a major difference between where the Daily Open Line is located.

BROKER A:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

BROKER B:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The top chart Broker A has the daily open line nicely placed under all the price action.

The lower chart Broker B has the daily open line running in between all the price action.

Note: Given perhaps an earlier time in the trading window its very likely that I would have gone long those 3 long trades in Broker A but either would not have entered the trades in Broker B and if I did I would have certainly waited longer.

These are only a few examples of the differences between brokers that us traders have to come to terms with and there are far many more.

Just thought I'd illustrate this for you all but some of the longer term traders will be very aware of this occurrence whereas the newer traders maybe not.

Note: I may add this other broker to the TE since no trades have been opened yet and attempt to trade from both demo accounts just to see what other differences there might be.

NB.  The chart analysis today was via Broker B .... hmmm!

Good trading,

Masterrmind..........

--- 帖子 #57 ---
Hi Mastermind,

just to make the things clear for me and be sure that I do run the same Software than you, please check the following pic as I hope I got the similar time compare to your images,

I could see an up arrow there around 5:30 ... means that arrow that it would be a possible long trade ? could you please explain the differ between the dark blue square and the light blue one around 5:30, 6:02, 6:06 red Candle ( don't be confused with the yellow line that is a MA line and not from your system).

Thank in advance for answering and sharing this system with us

--- 帖子 #58 ---
You have changed the settings in one of the indicators which paints a light blue box on the chart.

The light blue box is simply the same Quantum signal offset from where the dark blue Quantum signal is painted.

At this stage you only need the dark blue Quantum signal box showing.

To correct the problem simply do the following:

1. You must have changed the settings in the Trending-Label indicator... yes?

2. In the Trending-Label indicator set the variable ShowQuantum = False.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

This will correct your problem and no light blue Quantum signal will appear.

NB. Make sure you don't change any of the other parameters otherwise your chart will be different. Color Changes are ok.

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #59 ---
Hi Mastermind,

thank you very much for the clarification and your image about the settings ... I could see now at my Chartwindow that with the change of the settings I am getting different results. I am not be able to say what changes some parameter to "true" value ... possible some far more effectives from other indis.

I just copy this indi now from my download file to my VPS environment instead of my laptop and try the Indi instead of my laptop and the values even there are set on true. Anyhow, thanks for your help

--- 帖子 #60 ---
Gidday MM, admire your patience, in the first post which some have obviously NOT read you said "dont paste lagging indis " why cant people respect your wishes and delete any indicator superfolous to your charts BEFORE posting I wonder.....

--- 帖子 #61 ---
Yes good point starpro Post 1 outlines most of the do's and do nots.

Traders simply need to read it!

It is still very early days but eventually everyone will be on the same page (pardon the pun)

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #62 ---
i guess i'm denser than most folks here but i swear i've read the thread up to present moment and still don't have a clue as to what all the lines mean and what you're looking for to enter trades on.  everyone else seems to know what's going on but i'm living in the dark.  could someone direct me to the post that tells all?  thank you in advance.

--- 帖子 #63 ---
Hi floydd,

You have not missed anything but some traders are familiar with the workings of the original Quantum London Trading thread which I mentioned in Post 1 including where to find it. So you are welcome to read a few of the pages over there if you wish to get a basic idea of how Quantum is traded.

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=551382

However, what I am offering here is a far more detailed look into trading Quantum specifically in the Asian trading Window.

As I make trades in the session I will explain them and include charts so you will not be left behind.

You have not missed anything so don't worry it is still very early days.

Please ask any questions you may have here in this thread or you can PM me.

Welcome and I hope you enjoy the thread.

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #64 ---
Tokyo Open just started so lets see what today brings...........

Data has been updated however the SL remains the same for all trades at 30 pips (updated using a different broker)

Attached Image

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #65 ---
But if price triggers a blue Quantum signal first then we'll be looking to go long EURCHF

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Masterrmind..............

--- 帖子 #66 ---
This clearly not my style but I want to wish you well and lots success with your thread. Trade well my friend!

--- 帖子 #67 ---
TRENDING INDICATOR

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #68 ---
Very different indeed.

Certainly not my main trading style (only allocated a small % of the overall trading balance) either but it works and it works well provided you understand the method well especially the risk!

Thanks for dropping by I'll certainly be visiting your thread on a regular basis .....

Masterrmind..............

--- 帖子 #69 ---
1st 4 longs closed out in profit

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

+34.5 pips

Note: doing this manually is a challenge especially when the market starts to move so I may only use 1 account.

It also means that series of entries may need to be combined into the the 1 entry.

Instead of entering 4 single trades (since I usually wait for some price action) simply enter the 1 trade ie 1 long @ 4*0.01 lots = 0.04.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #70 ---
MM: thanks for your response above.  i'll go read the other thread and then follow along here.  meanwhile, what does it mean that i would have gotten three entries to your four (other than 1 less thing to worry about)?

--- 帖子 #71 ---
good days for You Master.

--- 帖子 #72 ---
I was referring to 2 different brokers.

The Quantum signals produced on 1 broker produced 1 more entry than the other broker.

1 brokers data produced a low on the last signal candle that just broke the low of the previous candle.

The 2nd brokers chart data did not therefore 1 less signal.

You will get slightly different results using different brokers simply because of the data flow.

Hope that helps explain it better.

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #73 ---
This is just the very tip of the iceberg!

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #74 ---
Next trade was a short closed out due to hesitation of price to go lower near the daily open line.

This is part of the discretionary part so the trade can be left to run or closed out early for some profit.

What are the dangers?

If you leave the trade to run it could continue down to your TP or price could bounce back up.

Why could price bounce back up?

Price has shown a repeated habit of doing this over many different charts over many years but yes price also can break down through the DO line however when price shows signs of hesitation and stalling then it is an indication that the market is not sure where it wants to go at that precise moment so I tend to close out the trade with some profit and reduce my risk.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Note: 1 short @ 0.02 applied instead of 2 shorts @ 0.01.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #75 ---
IMPORTANT NOTE.

The trades you see posted are from Broker 2 (Pepperstone) NOT the current IC markets demo TE currently shown.

The second demo TE will be linked here once some technical issues are sorted out.

Therefore if you were to go through the trades posted (counting pips) and compare them to the TE (IC Markets) you will notice a small difference because the entries and closes are not identical.

They are very similar though..........

Hopefully the technical issue gets sorted out soon so I can show all the trade results........

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #76 ---
Master, is it always a reversal after the first touch when it hits the up or down of 200 lines ?

thanks Master

--- 帖子 #77 ---
No!

Be very careful using the word "always" ...........

Say this ..... A reversal in price is 'likely' to occur but not always.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #78 ---
.

yes Sir.

it would be excellent if we can know the percentage of reversal of first touch ?

thanks Master

--- 帖子 #79 ---
Just to be crystal clear the following screenshots show the trading activity on both demo accounts so far.

The trades generated from Broker 1 ie IC Markets Demo 1 attached to the TE are as follows:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The trades generated by Broker 2 (not yet attached to the TE) are as follows:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #80 ---
It is possible to do this by simply going back through your chart as far back as you like and tabulating the data into excel.

I hope you do this because you will be surprised!

Note: when trading though you need to be looking at price action closer to the trending lines because as you will find later I will jump into trades well before they touch the lines. I also will modify the Quantum values based on chart structure which has not been fully explained yet.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #81 ---
Master, thanks for suggestion, but i have this problem of systematic data works since i was a kid. i wish i have the talent and diligence to do that. usually in few minutes doing that i will be having headache.

--- 帖子 #82 ---
Several shorts have been opened late in the trading window hopefully to show some of the inherent dangers in opening trades late.

Lets see how the trades turn out because this is not what I would usually do trading the live account so I'm hoping it will serve as a good example but we shall see.

Many times the cycles close out nicely but sometimes they do not.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #83 ---
Can you post those shorts MM please , I have a problem with Q signal repainting , I have 5 Q boxes ATM 464/474/485/485/503 now if this cuurrent candle closes above 503 that will be another Q box thanx SP........ and there it is now is the only time my spread is 1/2 reasonable 12 ticks eg 501/513 or so

WOOPS GUILTY of not having same settings asyou ,but would appreciate an indication of the entries   thanx ...

--- 帖子 #84 ---
There is a 'nice' little trend developing later in the Asian Trading window and as the chart clearly shows more and more red boxes get printed which continues to add to the current DD.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

This is one reason why I suggest NOT to open trades later in the session.

The completion of earlier cycles in the trading window is the way to go ..........

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #85 ---
Master, so when You say boxes, they are those small boxes, right ?

i wish the pattern of everyday would be always repeated like today, touching and reversal and then going to the direction ???

can i assume that it is better to take position only at the opening touching and reversal, take whatever happens for few hours ??

thanks Master

--- 帖子 #86 ---
theres not a lot of difference in the spreads  ah I see comparing charts my broker (GO MARKETS ) has diff highs giving me extra boxes .....

--- 帖子 #87 ---
Hopefully the posted chart above is what you are asking about.

As the trend continues more and more Quantum signal boxes get painted representing more trades running away from you and as a result the DD escalates and if not managed properly the tiny account will soon be under great pressure even if you are only using 0.01 lots.

Hopefully this example is clear but you should trade such a cycle so you get to feel some of the psychological pain too!

Good thing its on demo but I still don't enjoy seeing the carnage whether it turns out good or bad its the DD that I don't like or want.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #88 ---
Can you now see the reason why I like to take 1,2 or maybe 3 cycles of trades closer to the start of the Asian session and not closer to FF Open.......

Some of these later cycles of trades can really generate alot of profit but the problem is that the DD can get too high too fast and put a very small account under too much pressure.

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #89 ---
yes Master, thanks

--- 帖子 #90 ---
Yes that's right starpro the slight difference can generate additional boxes and create different results but it can go either way.... its related to the data flow.

I'm trying to keep up with the manual placed entries on 2 brokers at the moment and its not exactly fun.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #91 ---
yeh it hurts to lose even in demo, LOL,

--- 帖子 #92 ---
If 2 brokers (basically the same ,only slight differences) are a problem why not just do 1 , then its up to people to see the Q boxes which should be pretty close to yours .../?

--- 帖子 #93 ---
I know the longer term traders familiar with Quantum will understand this DD issue better than most.

My thinking is that I need to show the good and the bad earlier rather than later so the images remain fresh in our minds.

There are techniques that we can employ in our trading to avoid this. the simplest one is to end cycles early and never be tempted to open a late cycle because you run the risk of huge DD.

If the current cycle of shorts closes in profit (which it probably will) it should not be seen as a way to trade ........... unless your account size is very very large but that is not what this thread is about.

Masterrmind..........

--- 帖子 #94 ---
hahah  "temptation" ... ive done so well so far , lets get some more in the bag ...

--- 帖子 #95 ---
Precisely right!

This type of mentality is what destroys accounts not build them.

This thread is more about building them by correctly managing risk not gambling!

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #96 ---
Price has reversed now and heading back to the DO line but also started to slow down near the pivot (on 1 brokers data feed anyway not the other) so what I did is manually close out all the trades still in profit.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I monitor price very closely now and look for any signs of strength from the bulls in which case I will close out the last 4-5 trades even if they are a small loss.

The idea is to give price room enough to breathe but not too much because you don't want to give back all that profit!

Masterrmind..............

--- 帖子 #97 ---
Master i wish You say like this : this thread is more about building consistent profit not gambling.

can i have this wish Master ????????/????

--- 帖子 #98 ---
My plan is exactly that but by using a somewhat risky strategy.

I can tell you that I am up to the challenge!

This thread is to help others who either have small accounts or who only wish to outlay a small amount to trade the Quantum Method.

Live trading (with a TE) will start close to April 1 with an invitation for others to participate if they so wish.

It would be pleasing to see other accounts grow to a level that allows them to trade Quantum on the larger trading sessions because this is where huge pips are made. The reality is that the larger the account the easier it is to manage the DD in this style of trading.

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #99 ---
yes Master, i hope this is the day when the golden forex is in our hand.

thanks Master

--- 帖子 #100 ---
EURCHF [M1; 200 - manual] - Wednesday March 2 - QAM strategy.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Masterrmind..............

--- 帖子 #101 ---
Well Done MM. ... balls of steel to see the drawdown from the 1st entry,,,,,, Mind you using .01 as all new to quantum should your max draw down should have been round $1.36 or so on the 1st entry(?) with around 11 or 12 trades ur still well within 2% drawdown on a/c if im not mistaken?

this just shows the IMPORTANCE of position sizing IMO

--- 帖子 #102 ---
Yes position sizing is important especially on a smaller 1K wonder account........

The pips are deceptive as listed because if I had of made single trade entries with the 0.02, 0.03 and 0.04 lot trades it would be just shy of about 200 pips not 114 but that's not important.

What is important is the weekly net%gain and the DD.

Feel free to go through the TE linked to this thread it should shed some light.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #103 ---
Which  Quantum  ea is being used? Thanks

--- 帖子 #104 ---
Yes agreed but its the broker account not yet linked to my TE that I'm waiting on re technical issues.

Once its connected I'll maybe phase out the one currently linked but we shall see.

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #105 ---
Hi ronwalt,

No EA is being used at present it's pure manual opening and closing of trades.

I want traders to feel the method before trade management EA's etc get the green light.

Slow and steady I guess you might say.

EA will come much later.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #106 ---
hope you dont mind me sticking my beak in ...... newbies to quantum will feel much better if they see multiple drawdowns on .01 on a $1k a/c compared to even .02 .... UNTILL they have the a/c built to a size where .02 is comfortable , you and I have no trouble with larger than .01 but its taken me 5yrs to not PANIC etc etc etc ... Im looking seriously at 1 min with Qboxes to make my daily target in Asian session.... thats purely because I understand the IMPORTANCE of position sizing and risk ... not gambling as you point out

--- 帖子 #107 ---
The trades opened were all technically at 0.01 lots but at certain clusters of Quantum boxes I opened up only 1 position of 0.04 lots instead of 4 entries at 0.01 lots. This was in very close proximity so in terms of overall DD between a single 0.04 lot position and 4 by 0.01 lot positions its not important it just made entries faster for me from a manual entry point of view.  I would have preferred to keep all trades at 0.01 lots so its clearer though so 1 broker account might be the best option.

What is important is understanding how DD drastically increases on a strong trend even under a small 0.01 lot position because as the distance keeps increasing the new highs create new boxes and new boxes create more 0.01 lot entries and DD starts to accelerate.

I agree that new traders should experiment in their own time on a demo account and simply keep opening 0.01 lots during a strong trend on a $500 to 1K account and observe the DD.

I guess most traders would be aware of this but for those that are not please test it out.

Then you'll understand the meaning of an evil DD!

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #108 ---
Hi everyone,

first of all, Mastermind, congratulations on your new thread and all the best of luck to you!

I have been trading the quantum method successfuly for over an half a year. I am trading with an EA so I though I'd share some of my experience so newcomers can get a head start in this very dangerous method.

One of the pairs I trade is also EURCHF during the asian session. I came to the realisation that 99% of the time, when a medium to big trend developes during AS it is due to Swiss data coming the next day. Last night for example (the session you Mastermind traded) developed a medium sized trend during the late AS session because Swiss GDP date was due in the early morning - therefore I just skip those days. I have been testing the EURCHF for the past 2 years so trust me, whenever there is a trend, it is because of Swiss data so try to avoid those days.

Second of all, I really really recommend to not use progressive lot increase. Think about it: since EURCHF is a "turtle" pair, you want to trade the range. If a trend starts to develop you will probably close in loss. Then why would you want to exponentially increase your risk and exposure? If you missed Swiss data and traded the AS before that then just bite the wood and close but don't over exposure yourself. Last session Mastermind got lucky that the trend was a small one. Other days like the 23 of February would have resulted in busting the account (and guess why - Swiss data).

Also, try to always keep some minimum distance between entries.

I can give other insigths about trading other pairs as well, but I don't want to make this thread about my way of trading. It is Mastermind's thread and I am sure he will do a great job!

--- 帖子 #109 ---
Thanks hibernate, this is very useful information!

Do you consider only high impact Swiss news, or do you try and avoid Swiss news altogether?

Regards

Vlad

--- 帖子 #110 ---
I'm glad you find it helpful!

Since I trade muiltiple pairs, I don't have a problem to turn some pairs off when there are news impacting those pairs. This way I always have something open so it doesn't hurt to sit a day out on other pairs. I generally always turn EURCHF off when there is Swiss data. One can just never know how important some news are. Remember - EURCHF is a special pair. Switzerland has full control over the CHF currency so they can always front run the rest of the world and there is nobody to hold them responsible since they are their own small country. To make it simple - you see Swiss news coming up the next day - don't trade AS.

--- 帖子 #111 ---
Hibernate

--- 帖子 #112 ---
Keeping in tune with the markets on a regular basis is crucial to all traders.

Managing trades heading into a strong trend are always a concern and yet to be fully addressed including their ultimate management.

This thread will move slowly through the multitude of QAM strategy concepts so all interested traders can easily keep up, communicate concerns and have their questions addressed in a timely manner.

In the early stages the demo accounts are used  as examples to outline the likely problems that can occur in this type of trading.

So the month of March is allocated to exploring as many problems as possible so new traders get to see first hand what can happen.

Luck does not play any part in this strategy it comes down to risk management and how much of the balance is put at risk.

"Last session Mastermind got lucky that the trend was a small one" ...... have you read what I posted before I took these trades? Perhaps Not!

I took the trades late in the cycle to illustrate how DD can develop it has nothing to do with luck .... its an example.

When its time to address news related impacts then please feel free to share what you know and we can all discuss it.

Good trading,

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #113 ---
Hello all!

Just subscribed to this tread and a newbie but very interested in this strategy.

First off, just wanted to give a big shout out and thanks to Masterrmind for putting this all together and walking us through this strategy. As a newcomer to the forex world, its always great to see someone else's thinking process on selecting good (and bad) trades and how to manage them. Its always easy to get caught up in the emotion of your trades but if managed properly, hopefully you will be on the right side of the trade.

Keep up the great work!

Jim

--- 帖子 #114 ---
My remarks were in no way intended to offend or criticise you. Of course, under live conditions you would probably have taking notice of the news, I don't doubt that. So you beeing "lucky" was the wrong way to put it. Sorry for that. I just wanted to emphazise that a trader would be lucky that the price turned to his favor under such conditions.

--- 帖子 #115 ---
Non taken.

Just making sure the reasons for taking the 'late' cycle of trades was clearly layed out so as not to confuse anyone.

Plenty of material yet to cover and this takes time so lots more to come.

I see no point at this early stage to overload a traders thinking.

Welcome to the thread and I hope you might think about adding in a TE.

Good trading,

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #116 ---
Ok traders it will be a slightly later start today due to other business matters maybe 1 hour after Tokyo Open.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #117 ---
As mentioned missed Tokyo Open which means at the current time 2 shorts @ about 3 pips each for 6 pips so nothing to be worried about.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Now start looking for the next opportunity to enter the EURCHF pair.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #118 ---
Welcome majc33...........

Great to have you onboard.

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #119 ---
I appreciate your insight as to taking only earlier trades to avoid FFO.

Yesterday was (for me) a full forex frontal assault trading EurGbp. I can only trade EG for now because of large EChf spreads. The only US broker I know of that has ECN available is FXCM, and IMHO, they have proven to me, over the years that they are not to be trusted.

There was one very early EG trade which I missed because I wasn't home yet. Then I waited a long time for the next one. i was in 9 trades long and FFO was happening. All of sudden price started falling quickly on my longs. I reached 2% DD, and closed all trades. In the true spirit of Forex, I closed about 3pips above the bottom. All trades would have gone to profit, but with news coming up, I bailed, and that's the way I'd play it every time.

--- 帖子 #120 ---
PA moved up and above previous 2 shorts entry points so I entered 2 shorts + current short as price starts to drop...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

No need to enter 2 shorts but its certainly possible and I do it all the time.

Try to keep TP within recent PA, 200 trending line or close to the DO line.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #121 ---
Sounds good diamonddbw account preservation techniques are vital and awareness of upcoming news.

Getting out of the trades looks feasible... well done.

No point just staying in the trades and hoping......

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #122 ---
TRENDING LINE

Keep monitoring the 200 trending line and if it moves up higher in the case of a TP for your short trades then you may wish to drag your TP line up to follow its movement.

This will mean less pips out of a TP but you will be keeping in tune with the flow of the market!

It updates every 1 by M1 candle (every 1 minute).

As time continues imagine a vertical line 200 candles back and moving 1 candle position to the right, if the low produced occurs at a higher price then the blue trending line will also paint higher up meaning at a higher price.

Let me know if this is not clear and I'll explain it further with a screen shot.

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #123 ---
MM  excellent post 120 ......

--- 帖子 #124 ---
Be aware of where your trades get placed relative to high spread.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I manually entered the trade at the DO line but the trades are entered a few pips higher which can make a big difference on trading turtle pairs.

Later we will be trading different pairs with different spreads so you can see the difference.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #125 ---
3 longs in action for the demo TE

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #126 ---
yes Master, my spread is unbelievable, unacceptable, undeniable, uncommon.

how can we profit from such tight range with that spread.

i have other questions, but will ask later as i am so sleepy at the moment

thanks Master

--- 帖子 #127 ---
I'm pleased you liked it........

Masterrmind..........

--- 帖子 #128 ---
TRADING WEEK 2 - March 7

Starting from next week we will start looking at the EURGBP pair which usually has lower spread than EURCHF but you'll need to compare a number of brokers spreads in general and make a decision.

Not detrimental on a demo account but critical when you go live in April.

Have you also noticed that during a little bit of volatility in the market your trading platform will sometimes just freeze...........

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #129 ---
wonder where majority of traders following this asian session come from ?.... I find AUDUSD works for me with good spread also .....BUT everyone must find what they are comfortable with once they learn the method

--- 帖子 #130 ---
Basics first outlining the strategy with several different currency pairs, commodities and maybe a few indices.

Then traders need to make the decision of which pair they like or which pair suits them.

Personally, I apply this strategy over many different instruments, different TF's for some pairs and varying account sizes.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #131 ---
EXAMPLE OF A VOLATILE PAIR - EURAUD

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Notice the much larger trading range in the Asian session during the 1st 4 hours only.

First short would have netted you close to 40 pips but going long would have seen you in 13 trades fairly quickly.

Always be aware of the dangers there are many but if managed correctly the rewards can be very good.

Yes I trade this pair too!

NB. Become very familiar with the pair or pairs you intend to trade.
I cannot over-emphasize the importance of this point.

Masterrmind........... :nerd:

--- 帖子 #132 ---
EURCHF [M1 Chart]

Monitor the price action across the chart.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

What is price attempting to tell you?

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #133 ---
EURCHF [M1 Chart]

All trades closed out.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Opportunity to short 2 trades down but not taken this late in the session.

Sometimes if PA retests the zone near the red Quantum boxes and shows bearish intent to the downside then I may look for opportunities to short the pair down.

Masterrmind.........

--- 帖子 #134 ---
didnt even watch EC today ,my spread was nearly as wide as the channell so better not to try and make trades happen ....

--- 帖子 #135 ---
Good choice

Wide spread on a turtle pair is simply frustrating.

You see it clearly if you run both ask and bid lines on your chart.

It also gives you an idea of how much further price has to travel to trigger say your TP and sometimes this difference in spread can easily mean the difference between a profitable close or a bad one.

Next week we'll hit EURGBP with lower spread than EURCHF in genreal (broker dependent of course) so I hope you join in.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #136 ---
Master, today from tokyo open until now EJ is up without even touching the green box.

what does it mean of Range in the alarm box ?

if i am not mistaken, this system is suitable when the currencies are in ranging, but if it is in the trend, it could be problem ??

thanks Master

--- 帖子 #137 ---
We are not looking at the yen pairs yet if you meant EURJPY pair .... that will come later.

The range alarm just creates a pop up alert when XX pips have been reached in a given trading period so don't worry too much about that at the moment.

If its set to go off at 50 pips then it simply means that the alert will occur as soon as EJ has moved >=50 pips.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #138 ---
EURCHF [M1; 200-manual] - March 3 Asian Trading Session results

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

+38 pips (no loss)

Masterrmind..........

--- 帖子 #139 ---
EXCELLENT WORK..  MM  PDF  Patience Discipline Focus  (udine?)  1 small brick at a time builds a great wall ////

--- 帖子 #140 ---
What needs to be explained here is that yes the method can be risky.

However, it can be controlled if you use a bit of market common sense by applying several trading techniques.

For example,

1. PA,

2. awareness of likely trading ranges,

3. setting TP's at realistic levels and within recent PA or DO line or trending period,

4. chart structure,

5. SL determination,

6. awareness of current floating DD,

7. risk per given cycle of trades based on account size, lot sizing, number of entries etc,

8. Pair familiarity,

9. News (both directly related to the currency and indirectly related, timing of the news and is it likely to move the pair much in a given trading window, make a best judgement by comparing it to similar previous news events, did it move 20, 50, 100 pips .... sometimes its hard to compare because it is after all the sum of the major market participants at the time), and

10. several other factors.

There is far more to the QAM strategy ......

We should never forget though that trader discretion is a key ingredient and this takes time and experience to master.

It is not so much how well a trader performs during the easy trading setups but more so how they control bad situations by minimizing loss as much as possible. this is where the skill comes into the picture!

Good trading,

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #141 ---
Hey Masterrmind... Congrats on the thread!

--- 帖子 #142 ---
Thanks very much dweb....

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #143 ---
Friday March 4 session.......

I'll be trading from 1 hour after Tokyo Opens today due to other matters.

Masterrmind.........

--- 帖子 #144 ---
Looks like a slow start in the Asian session today for the EURCHF pair and starting a little later has not affected the sessions trades.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Fridays:

Trading the QAM strategy on Friday (last trading day of the week) usually means that if the first set of trades opens 2-3 hours after Tokyo Opens then it could very well mean just the 1 cycle but it depends also on the PA shown on the chart and if the 1st cycle of trades close out early or drags on.

If this situation occurs today I will outline how I trade it.

Lets see what the day brings.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #145 ---
Still not trading EurChf due to frightful spread. I did take a long on EG, however Daily Pivot & Daily Open were so close, I decided to take 2 pips and call it. It did manage to continue up another 9p without me.

Done for the day and week. Thanks MM. Your training methods are without equal.  :nerd:

--- 帖子 #146 ---
Happy to have you around diamonddbw and I understand your issue with spread.

Have a great weekend and hope to see you next week.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #147 ---
Red Quantum box printed but I'm in no hurry to enter just yet.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Looking at PA as trading ranges are very tight today.

What I would like to see is price to make a small break away from the DO line which price is hugging at the moment (on this brokers data feed anyway) to the upside and then look to short if the bears come in with intent to take price back down.

If price looks like it will trade in this tight range then I'll just wait .... patience!

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #148 ---
Afternoon purveyors of knowledge and good fortune,,, eg MM (lol) ... quite a resaonable spread on EC atm , went short when I got a cpla Qboxes and it bounce off DO, .01 only cheeers S, PS not a big fan of 1 min but see what happens  Not exactly to MM chart becasue I have things on chart that are not relevant to this method ..purely show entry and target , but wwill set TS once im in profit ...

--- 帖子 #149 ---
Short 1 entry........

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #150 ---
I saw the spread as low as about 0.4 mostly around a pip with the occasional jump up to 1.5.

Some days its well over 2.5 pips which is not so trader friendly.

Masterrmind..........

--- 帖子 #151 ---
I wonder if they use such high spread because they know everyone trades it , bring spreads in ,get the trades happening ....

--- 帖子 #152 ---
Anything and everything is possible in this business!

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #153 ---
Very tight range ..........

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #154 ---
No even a move...

I.

--- 帖子 #155 ---
Have to step out for a few minutes...........

Although price is not heading up to generate additional red Q boxes as an example I have placed a sell limit order (expiry in 30 minutes) near recent swing highs.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Note that buy limit orders could be placed just below expected TP levels on the current short cycle however being a Friday I won't introduce those into todays trading but in the future you will start to see them being implemented.

Pending orders do have a home in the QAM strategy......

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #156 ---
ok closed when bid hit support ,, spread is too wide ...

--- 帖子 #157 ---
Yes the movement is almost stationary.

If the ranges have not started to increase by the time I get back as an example I'll go through some trades with a reduced Quantum value.

If spread is high and the ranges are very tight then be aware that although lowering the Q value will generate trades you might find it difficult to close out these trades if the ranges stay super tight because you need to consider price + spread etc.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #158 ---
Nothing wrong with that but I'll keep my trades running a bit longer...........

Lets see what happens.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #159 ---
EURCHF [M1; 200 - manual]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Closed out 3 shorts for +12.6 pips due to a small break down below recent support.

All in profit.

Very tight trading ranges today so take profit when you can under these conditions.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #160 ---
I have some questions you might like to think about.....

1. During the 1st 4 hours or so of the trading window over the past few days how many entries are usually opened?

2. Do you think the lot sizing could be optimized?

3. If so what lot size would you apply to each entry and why?

ps. lets assume at this stage that for our 1K account we only wish to risk 3% for a given cycle and a SL of 30 pips for each trade.

Masterrmind............. :nerd:

--- 帖子 #161 ---
///////////////// ...........  ............ \\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #162 ---
Perhaps this will help ...........

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Masterrmind..........

--- 帖子 #163 ---
ahaha   if we had copied/saved all ur pics we could have found that easier .......

--- 帖子 #164 ---
Depending on the broker you use there may be a slight difference but over say 3 days or so the average number of entries will likely be fairly close.

It doesn't matter alot if it isn't .... what matters is being able to work out a 'reasonable' lot size per trade to apply based on historical data.

This gives us an idea of what is 'likely' to occur but certainly no guarantee since the future is not known.

The reason for working through this exercise is so that a more appropriate lot size is applied instead of just 0.01 lots per trade.

nb. Usually I go back well beyond the last 3 trading days but this was meant to be a simple exercise.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #165 ---
I say about  2 cycles max. e.g. buy blue until red comes and do sell on red until blue comes and/or manual close on limit profit or before Frankfurt open.

btw,

what is the use of Xi-Asian and what about its alert? I am not sure how to interpret its function.

--- 帖子 #166 ---
Hint 1:

Find the average number of entries from Post # 162 .....

Masterrmind........... :nerd:

--- 帖子 #167 ---
>> share trades from this morning

i'm in GMT+7 BKK

(manual close, I gotta do office job)

--- 帖子 #168 ---
That informative indicator is very useful.

It plots a vertical line at the start and end of a given trading session so you can clearly see where you start looking for trades and when you stop.

It also plots the ranges in pips for any time frame applied in the settings which means it saves you time by not having to manually go through your charts and use the MT4 measuring tool or the data window to find the pip ranges of a trading period. Of course for the Daily Ranges there are plenty of indicators that can do the job too.

The chart [H1 TF] below shows how I determine the ranges:

Trading Window Ranges:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Similarly for Daily Ranges (or just change the settings in the ADR indicator to x_number of days)

I like to check what the ADR indi says with a chart that has all the ranges printed on it ..... sometimes I do a quick check randomly using the MT4 measuring tool just to make sure the values are reasonable.

Then I tabulate both sets of range values into excel for further analysis.

With regards to your answers unfortunately that is not what I'm looking for in an answer.

I want to know what lot size per trade you would apply to keep your total risk in check.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #169 ---
read about this is downloaded and applied. its very good stuff.. but when i try to change the arrow size to 1 and style to 215 216.... it asked me to saveas... usually i will do save ... so did save it asked over write i gave yes .. then it shows ex4 write error... what to do

--- 帖子 #170 ---
The template provided in Post #1 QAM.tpl should not have any of the settings modified just leave it default (ie as uploaded)

Only change the colors if you like your chart to be different from mine.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #171 ---
Based on QAM guidelines trades close to FF Open (green line) should not be taken.

However, if PA showed some bullish intent to the upside then an entry such as the one in the chart below could be used but keep risk to reward at 1:1 and manage the trade closely from start to finish.

SL = 8 pips and TP = 8 pips.

Note how the TP is within recent PA ... this is important!

Best option is to not trade it.......

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

What would you do if price decided to trend downwards against your position?

If price gets closer to the DO line and shows a lot of hesitation to drive up higher .... what would you do?

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #172 ---
Anyone? ............

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #173 ---
Masterr, i really wonder if You are a math teacher at a school/university that would discipline his students with an old stick ???

Master does EG pair give better condition and more profit but riskier ?

Master regarding the platform that would freeze during trading, i noticed that i had the same problem, and only this broker that has this problem, and it is located in Your country.

thanks Masterrrr

--- 帖子 #174 ---
oh you have removed arrows by setting it false.. ok i too follow... if it is in small size means good ... otherwise no problem... will manage

--- 帖子 #175 ---
Thanx for great week Mastermind ,  should give everyone some homework over the weekend , checking your charts, rules etc ... cheers SP

--- 帖子 #176 ---
Not a maths teacher but I am a qualified mathematician and an engineer but don't let that worry you at all.

Trader success is NOT a function of your academic qualifications!

Its more related to a traders ability to follow an excellent trading plan of a 'good' system consistently well!

The only reasons why I started this thread are the following:

1. To demonstrate my QAM Strategy;

2. To have other traders participating, learning and also trading well;

3. To multiply a 1K account (live) into a 'much bigger' account;

4. To progress to the Ultimate QAM strategy (trading multiple pairs on multiple TF's by following a strict MM approach); and

5. To have a good time communicating with like-minded traders from around the world.

About your questions:

a) I don't use a stick but I do try to push for a response because its the process that needs to be understood.

I'll provide the solution later if another trader does not come up with the answer. The knowledge needs to be understood so a correct lot size can be applied to a cycle of trades assuming X_Trades per cycle.

b) EURGBP usually has lower spread which means better conditions for the trader but I wouldn't necessarily say it was riskier to trade

Open an M1 chart (QAM.tpl) of EURGBP and look at the ranges over the last 20 trading days ..... compare the ranges (trading window and Daily Ranges) to the EURCHF currency pair and tell me what you notice?

c) Platform freezing:

(on the broker shown in this demo account linked to TE) occurs from time to time. It can also occur on other broker platforms during high volatility or major red news release. Choose wisely! On April 1 when I link a live account to a TE you'll see who I trade with but there are many other good ones you just have to do your own research because some citizens have extra hoops they have to jump through for eg. leverage restrictions on US residents and there are several other reasons too. Spend a good amount of time hunting around to find one start with a google search. Once you find one you think is ok then open a small live account with them and trade their platform during news etc to see how it performs, assess ease of depositing into the brokerage account and also making withdrawals.

On a demo account its great to face as many issues as possible but in the end its the live account that really matters.

To be honest I only see demo accounts as a means of learning the MT4 platform and prefer if traders quickly progress to a live account but that's their decision to make not mine.

Hope that was useful,

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #177 ---
Sounds good.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #178 ---
My thinking exactly!

Masterrmind..............

--- 帖子 #179 ---
Lot size:

Account balance (start) = US$ 1000

Total risk allocated per cycle = 3%

Risk in dollars = 3% * US$ 1000 = US$ 30

Stop loss applied = 30 pips

Average number of entries per cycle based on only the past 3 days = [2 + 3 + 3 + 4 + 4]/5 = 3.2 = 3 (rounded)

Lot size = [US$ 30 / 3 trades] / [US$ 10 per lot * 30 pip SL] = 0.033 = 0.03 lots (rounded down)

ANSWER is approximately 0.03 lots per trade.

Now for the last 3 days I was trading 0.01 lots per entry (except a few trades where I grouped trades together).

Q1. What difference would trading 0.03 lots per trade have on my profit?

Q2. What about the DD comparing 0.01 lots per trade to 0.03 lots per trade?

Note: Question 2 might be a little time consuming to work out but its important to understand how DD would have changed even if future trading cycles have different DD characteristics.

Its all about understanding the risk of every single trade or cycle of trades you ever take!

Understanding the risk shown in this very basic example here can easily be applied on much higher account sizes.

Masterrmind............ :nerd:

--- 帖子 #180 ---
More on risk!

The above example applied 3% risk on a 1K account on an expectation that there would be on average 3 trades maximum per trading cycle.

What if you wanted to apply 2%, 5% or 10% risk per trading cycle!

To work this out a general form of the Lot size equation is needed.

We have,

Lot size = [US$ 30 / 3 trades] / [US$ 10 per lot * 30 pip SL] which is almost in the form we need

General Lot Size (GLS) = [ Risk% * account balance / average trades per cycle] / [ price per 1 currency lot * SL in pips per trade] ...... (1)

The GLS shown in Equation 1 can now be applied to many currency pairs provided the SL is constant over all trades.

Given any currency pair you now have enough information to determine the following:

1. Daily Range (average and maximum);

2. Trading Window Range (average and maximum);

3. Average trades per cycle ;

4. SL (to be applied per trade in trading window);

5. Risk% (traders applied risk tolerance); and

6. Lot size (per trade)

The GLS can be worked out manually or entered into Excel to make life easier with the rest of your data .

Lot sizes don't need to be guessed there is a method to work them out which I have just outlined.

The method represents a realistic approach and the best part is that you have based your assumptions on charts and not just a wild guess.

The risk in money terms is always known in advance of taking trades so you know if your trades hit SL exactly what the loss is be it 2%, 3%, 5% etc.

CAUTION:

It is well known that usually higher risk is taken on smaller accounts.

This should not be the case when trading the QAM Strategy at least not initially anyway.

A buffer needs to be created when trading a small account before risk is increased.

The buffer is a given amount of profit represented as a percentage for convenience sake but easily converted into a $$ amount if required.

Starting with a US$ 1000 account (or equivalent) the risk should be as low as possible (maybe 2% to 3%) but the higher you go the higher the risk and the greater the chance of getting into trouble.

If we choose 3% risk the idea is to keep applying 3% risk per cycle until the account growth is >6% then increase risk to 4% per cycle.

Under such conditions should the account suffer a 'hit' ie a losing cycle then the account would still be showing positive growth but due to the loss we would revert back to the original risk of 3% and continue until 6% growth etc etc. Unless the loss comes in the 1st couple of cycles of course!

Masterrmind.........

--- 帖子 #181 ---
"Average number of entries based on only the past 3 days = [2 + 3 + 3 + 4 + 4]/5 = 3.2 = 3 (rounded)"

somebody gotta send me back to school. i could have sworn you'd divide by 3, not 5, leading to an average of 5 trade a day, not three.  frankly, i still think you should divide by 3.

--- 帖子 #182 ---
That's 5 entries averaging 3.2 per day during the 3 day sample period.

--- 帖子 #183 ---
Mastermind,

I have read all your posts here and some on other threads.  I have respect for you as a trader.  In your example of 3% risk with size of .03 x 3 entries (30 pip SL), what would you do if additional entries are signaled before TP or SL are hit?

--- 帖子 #184 ---
EURGBP [M1] @ 3%RISK PER CYCLE

NEXT WEEK THE EURGBP [M1] CURRENCY PAIR WILL BE TRADED USING 3% RISK PER CYCLE ...........

1. What are the maximum and average trading ranges in our trading window and on a daily basis over the previous 20 trading days?

2. How many trades per cycle on average can we expect to see?

3. What SL in pips should we use?

4. What lot size per trade should we be trading?

Masterrmind............ :nerd:

--- 帖子 #185 ---
Should be per cycle over the past 3 days that's what I'm interested in not per day... typo.

Post now edited........

Thanks for that!

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #186 ---
Do not exceed your risk% which means you take 3 entries and no more for that cycle of trades .......

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #187 ---
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

I would be tempted to close the trade if price seemed stalled at this point. I would also take into account, how late in the session I was. Very early on, I would probably hold on longer than I would, later in the session, so as not to get stuck in a trade going the wrong way.

--- 帖子 #188 ---
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

1. During the 1st 4 hours or so of the trading window over the past few days how many entries are usually opened?

• Counting only the first 4 hours Since Feb 29, there was a total of 24 potential entries.

• 3 of those entries I would not have taken because they occurred within the last 30 minutes of the trading window.

• My average would have been approximately 4.4 entries per session.

2. Do you think the lot sizing could be optimized?

• At this point in time, I’m not ready to decrease my trade size. I am also, not ready to increase my trade size without further data.

3. If so what lot size would you apply to each entry and why?

• See #2

--- 帖子 #189 ---
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

Please MM, for clarification on 2 points:

1. You mention 30p SL. Is this 30p from initial trade, and applies to ALL entries,

or

30p per each entry?

2. Are you saying (post #186) that no matter how many trades Q shows, we should be taking only 3 entries, maximum, per trade?

btw, I'm the pesky student that always sits in the front and asks to many questions...    (due to having replaced my prefrontal cortex with a screen door)

--- 帖子 #190 ---
Sounds good!

It comes down to experience when considering closing out trades or letting them run a bit longer ..... we all have different levels of tolerance.

Masterrmind..........

--- 帖子 #191 ---
Thanks for the input firstly...........

Based on the days you checked I'd say you are on the right track.

If you look at some of the lot size posts I made earlier you'll see how lot sizes can be determined based on a few known factors.

Additional data is always what we want ......

Nice work!

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #192 ---
........... I like the students that sit down the front of the class with plenty of questions that test my knowledge (not my patience .. ha ha!) ...........

Good question and easily clarified....

For a given chart where a SL of 30 pips has been determined (remember this SL can alter for other setups and charts etc) then the 30 pips is the SL applied to every trade entry NOT from the initial trade. Chart structure also needs to be considered with SL too!

Why do this for the SL?

Technique is known as staggering your individual trades SL's so they are not all bunched up at the same level.

Trading an M1 chart however when Q boxes have been painted one after the other (ie every minute) will tend to produce SL's closer to each other but they can still be 5 to 10 pips or more based on the movement of price.

Higher TF's the spacing is typically wider.

From a chart perspective this means that price must travel further (usually) to hit each additional trades SL and it gives extra 'space' for price to retrace.

Of course if price continues to move against you the total loss for that trade is already known because it was calculated before the 1st trade was placed.

Losses can be minimized in some case by closing trades out before they even hit your stop but we'll cover that a bit later on.

We make an educated guess (looking back over historical data on charts as outlined earlier) as to the 'likely' number of entries that could be expected in a given cycle moving forward.

No-one knows how many Q boxes will be produced on the next cycle of trades so we apply historical data to give us a clue.

If we limit our lot sizes to only 0.01 lots per every trade then in the case when only 1 or 2 Q boxes are painted followed by a fast reversal the cycle misses out on profit that could have easily been gained by using 0.03 lots.

The Asian session is famous for these fast reversals and certainly far more often than extended trends in one direction that open up multiple Q boxes .......... particularly in the 1st 4 hours or so of Tokyo Open.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #193 ---
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

I see you have the same social stigma as me. Before I answer a question, I attempt to line up the entire cast of "Why(s)" & "Wherefore(s)" , before giving an answer. Most people avoid asking me too many questions, because I tend to not give simple answers to more complex questions. I call this need for only 'Simple' answers, "MTV generation syndrome." Perhaps we can credit 'for profit' news media for some of this 'need for speedy answers' also.

That being said, I do appreciate lengthy answers. They give me things to 'chew' on, and, on occasion, come up with a way to "plus, or add to" others research/opinions.

--- 帖子 #194 ---
A complex question deserves a complex answer but usually with a set of helpful aides (annotated screenshot or a dissection of its inner workings).

Methodical elaboration!

As Einstein once said "Everything should be as simple as possible but not simpler"

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #195 ---
BASIC PROCEDURE FOR PAIR ANALYSIS

1. Open the chart (QAM.tpl) of a given pair

2. Change to H1 TF

3. Open the XI-AsianBO indi and change the settings to 2 and 9 for the trading window data

4. Tabulate the trading window ranges over the previous 20 days of trading

5. Repeat steps 3 to 4 by changing the settings to all day time period and tabulate the data

6. Plot the 20 data points using a scatter type chart or similar in Excel and eye ball the higher value outliers (usually 1-2 values)

7. Delete the outliers from the table of data

8. For each of the 4 columns find the 20 day average (be careful with the no outlier column to divide by the correct number of entries) and the maximum value

9. The SL will be the maximum value in the no outlier column of the Trading Window Table

10. Now make sure to change the period of the chart to M1 (default QAM.tpl) and determine the average number of entries per cycle over the previous 20 trading days

11. Apply the GLS lot size equation using 3% risk, current account balance, $ per 1 Lot (noting your account currency), SL in pips and the average trades per cycle.

12. lot size = X.XX lots (EURGBP pair)

13. Check that the lot size from Part 12 makes sense by calculating the risk in $:

lot size * average trade entries * $ per 1 Lot * SL in pips per trade

Which should be near enough to 3% of your account balance.

If its not you've made an error.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #196 ---
I've completed the EURGBP pair analysis and have the SL and the lot size to be applied.

To those who decide to give this a go post what you have found here.

ps. the results are certainly worthy of discussion!

All the best,

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #197 ---
Master i am confused how to apply the procedures, i hope there would be practical example to see. thanks Master

--- 帖子 #198 ---
Start by reading through the thread from the start its about 10 pages or so.

Post # 195 lays out the method so try to follow each step but look at my Excel screenshots posted they are a guide.

To get you started in the right direction do the following:

- Open an EURGBP chart......

- Apply the QAM template......

- Change the period of the chart to H1 and from this chart tabulate all the previous 20 days trading window ranges (Tokyo Open through to FF Open).......

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

- Now open the Xi-AsianBO indicator and change the time period to suit daily (not the period of your chart)..........

again tabulate the previous 20 days trading ranges (whole days)

Once you've tabulated the 2 sets of data in Excel make a copy of each column so now you should have 4 columns.

Attached Image

Make a scatter plot in Excel of the 1st trading window column to help spot outliers in the data (delete the highest values that stand out as much larger should be only 1 or 2 of them sometimes 3)

Attached Image

- Now delete the outlier data from the trading window column

- Sum the values in the trading window column (with outliers deleted) divide it by the number of entries in the column eg 18, 19 as the case may be and find the maximum value.

- Repeat the same procedure for the Daily Ranges (although they are mainly as a guide to typical daily ranges and we'll use those later in other parts of the QAM strategy)

Let me know how you go with this part then we'll take a look at the next few parts...........

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #199 ---
More on the outlier or data to be deleted and the SL.

If eye balling the 'bad' data is causing any problems then apply the following:

Calculate the mean and standard deviation (SD) of the 20 trading window ranges (use Excel or a good calculator).

Now determine the lower and upper limit values of one standard deviation from the mean.

ie find Mean - SD and Mean + SD

Focus on the (Mean + SD) value since it is this value we are interested in knowing for the SL value.

For the current EURGBP data (previous 20 trading window days) you should get:

Mean - value <30

SD - value <10

The value you just calculated represents a number 1 SD away (higher) from the average.

Values in your Trading Window Column that are > '1 SD from Mean value can be deleted from the column.

Note: values that fall within 1 SD of the mean represent 'normal' numbers and those values outside this range do not (so delete them).

SL:

Once you have the 'new value' does it not make sense to have a SL >= 'new value' but not too large!

Certainly a SL chosen close to the average value suggests that a SL has a greater chance of getting hit.

I also apply this SL value from trade entry which gives the trade reasonable breathing space.

Notice though that the ranges are actually a measurement within a given trading window from the lowest to the highest price in pips.

That is, the range involves distances below and above the DO line!

Since we do not know the future and we can never be sure if price will trend in only the 1 direction from the start of our trading window or our first entry the SL distance needs to be applied from the entry of the trade. This gives additional breathing space for our trades.

For example, if red Quantum boxes are being painted as price heads up and we enter trades then SL is applied from entry which gives an additional buffer or distance away from the DO line. Similar in the case of blue Quantum boxes being painted as price continues to drop the SL is applied at entry of trade giving additional buffer.

Chart structure also needs to be considered as I have briefly mentioned before in terms of making sure our SL is not under a resistance level on a major swing high for a short entry and vice-versa for a long trade (support zone considerations).

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #200 ---
Don't be shy traders!

Based on the information for the EURGBP pair what have you found out?

Do you think we should trade it based on the previous 20 days data? Why or Why not?

What are the concerns about trading the pair if we trade it?

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #201 ---
HI MASTER

good job here,   follow

--- 帖子 #202 ---
Nice to see you here Dimdel and welcome!

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #203 ---
takes time to follow. thanks Master

--- 帖子 #204 ---
is it work for commodities here all of you are talking about pairs

--- 帖子 #205 ---
? from post 195;

I don't understand this,

"3. Open the XI-AsianBO indi and change the settings to 2 and 9 for the trading window data

4. Tabulate the trading window ranges over the previous 20 days of trading

5. Repeat steps 3 to 4 by changing the settings to all day time period and tabulate the data"

Are you suggesting figuring the daily range? If so, why?

Next, having issues with Xi indy. On M1 it will only give me accurate access to Asia designated range for 3 or 4 days. When I go to H1 it gives data for 63 days, which is plenty, but definitely not the 260 days the indy is set for.  I have also used another Xi indy which fails to calculate beyond about 20 days.

I think get the gist of your "Mean & Deviation" explanation. What I'm understanding is to figure the average distance from the 'Mean' (average) price for 20 days, and omitting 'Extreme Outliers', a somewhat subjective task. Then figure the average difference of each day (i.e.: daily range average +or -, the difference of each days range) and add these differences together, then divide by number of days (minus Outliers), to determine the "Standard Deviation" of one day. Add this number to the Average daily range, + a small number of pips, to determine your base Stop Loss.

I only took a few classes of Algebra in college. Word problems gave me fits. So please understand my rudimentary attempt to explain my take on what you posted.

--- 帖子 #206 ---
I'll go through the process in more detail today so it makes more sense and don't worry it is not difficult at all.

Being the first trading day of the week just watch price action of the EURGBP [M1] pair from the start of Tokyo Open for the 1st few hours today.

On the first trading day of the week I like to wait and simply watch PA.

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #207 ---
I'll get to your questions in an hour or so diamonddbw just need to step out for awhile.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #208 ---
EURGBP [M1; 200 - manual]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

First trading day of the week.......

Monitoring PA across the chart and being aware of important pair information.

Keep a watch on the gap between the trending lines (200 period).

Spread

News - is it likely to impact on trading this pair in the given trading window? Make a judgement!

At this stage no trades yet taken I like to watch PA first up on a Monday (or Sunday night) depending where in the world you trade from.

Notice how 3 red Quantum boxes were painted on the EG chart and now price has returned to test the DO line ..... this is what I like to see!

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #209 ---
Did you try to follow my hints outlined in Post # 198 ?

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #210 ---
Answers to your questions:

3. Go to Post #168 all you need to do is change the settings in the Xi-AsianBO indicator. ie change open Hour and Close Hour to the trading period you need (asian trading window 2-9 and similarly for all day).

4. Look at your chart now that you have completed 3. above and simply collect all the values for the trading window ranges over the last 20 days trading and enter them into Excel in a column format.

5. As explained in part 3. above repeat the process using the Xi-AsianBO indi but this time you will have changed the settings to produce daily range data (ie start to end for each day), now collect and tabulate these values and enter them into Excel.......

Regarding your lack of data issue for M1 you will need to import more data via MT4.

Go to the Help Tab on MT4 then select help Topics and then type data or import data in the search bar of the Client User Guide.

At this stage don't worry about the 260 day setting in the indi. We only need 20 days at this stage however starting from the first trading day in April the data collection process will alter slightly. Instead of only using the last 20 days data we'll need to anchor the 1st trading day in February and do all the analysis from that date moving forward. I'll explain that process more once we come to that bridge its not difficult it only means that the range will start from 44 days, then 45, then 46 and continue so your data column will grow by 1 entry on each additional trading day moving forward.

Using the Mean (average) was another method that could be used only for those traders who had an issue with eye-balling the extreme outliers in the data but they'd need to have a little bit more math understanding (or google the Mean and Standard Deviation to get a better idea).

If you calculate the mean and the SD then you won't need to look at a scatter plot although I like to look at plotted data and charts a lot, each to their own. The important point is to realize that we delete the extreme outliers because of their low probability of occurring (keeping in mind though that anything is possible in trading).

Note: If you find the Mean and the SD of the 20 days data then you will NOT be subjective anymore!

I've applied both the eye-balling (scatter plot in Excel) and the Mean + SD procedures and the result is almost the same about a pip or 2 difference for the EURGBP example.

If you use the Mean + SD approach then you will only need 1 column of data with 20 values in it.

The Daily range data values give you an awareness of the likely trading ranges should your cycle of trades ever go beyond the FF Open.

However, later we will explore alternative trading window ranges based on our data analysis and other factors so being able to determine these daily ranges will be very useful.

Once you know what Mean + SD = say 36 then you simply delete all values higher than this number from the column.

Now add a few pips buffer to this value because you know that this value is very close to the boundary of what is considered 'a normal value" and what is considered an outlier.

So you use 36 + 2-4 pips = 38 to 40 pip for your SL.

Hope this helps.

Let me know if you need further help and I'll run through an example.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #211 ---
That's quite complete MM. Thanks.

I do have plenty of data, and can go back much further than a few days in M1. It's just some anomaly within Xi. No to worry. I can actually go back further in M5 than M60. I did match up readings from M1, M5 & M60, and there appears to be no discrepancies.

The more I read your instructions & questions, the better my understanding is getting. I do feel much more confident now, and less resistant to adding multiple positions. My only added condition, is to only enter additional trades, at least 1 to 2 pips away from prior entry.

--- 帖子 #212 ---
If you use H1 TF you can see all the trading window ranges on the same visible chart and all you need to do is write them down on paper if you wish but I use Excel because it makes it easy.

It looks like no traders have got to the stage of working out likely trades /cycle or lot size for EG pair so a little later on I'll discuss this further.

Soon enough you will see the PA techniques come pouring out of me even when I'm trading the QAM strategy but many times I look for a breakdown in price more so than saying I'm going to wait for 1,2 or 3 pips. Watch PA and keep an eye on the sequence of candles being formed and where on your chart they are being formed...........

In time it will all make sense.

Masterrmind.........

--- 帖子 #213 ---
EURGBP [M1; 200 - manual]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

3 shorts in progress

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #214 ---
EURGBP [M1; 200 - manual]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

3 short trades closed out

Note: 0.02 lots per trade applied.

Masterrmind..........

--- 帖子 #215 ---
what accounts for differences in spread?  whereas yours is very tight, mine is like 2 pips, making these trades very dubious at best.

--- 帖子 #216 ---
Sneak Peek of whats to come ..........

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Jumping ahead a little here but how might we add another pair to our trading strategy .....

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #217 ---
how to get that ma candles is not filled ?

--- 帖子 #218 ---
Broker related and also trading window choice, lower volatility expect spreads to widen ..........

I suggest as always that traders do their own research to find a broker that suits not only their spread requirements but also all other parts of their trading requirements.

In the trades I'm posting they are from a demo account for learning purposes only however next month when I go live the broker may remain the same or might change .... I'll also have to do my research.

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #219 ---
Open the M-Candles indicator and set the variable 'bcgr' = true

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #220 ---
What should we do here with the EURCHF pair?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Masterrmind......... :nerd:

--- 帖子 #221 ---
We should consider at least the following points:

1. Are we already in a trading cycle?

2. If so what is our total risk? If the current risk is already at full allocated risk then we do not trade the new cycle.

3. If no current cycle in progress consider the following:

a) How far away from a possible 1st entry are both pairs at present?

b) If 1 pair is closer to a Quantum signal being triggered then analyze that chart

4. How far into the trading cycle is it?

5. Is the risk worth the likely reward? (ask yourself the question) ... If not do not trade if yes then look further.

6. How far away from major S or R zones is price currently?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

a) In the case of a short setup if price is only 5 pips away from this level and PA has been trending up then you might be better to wait to see how price reacts at this level if in fact it reacts at all. Price can power straight through a resistance level or it can slow down and hesitate ... and what we want to see is price start to drop and continue to the downside with alot of bearish intent!

Many other questions to find answers to but this is a good start.

Every time you think about taking a trade you should mentally go through all these questions.

The aim is that you make better trading decisions.

In the QAM strategy we do not enter a trade blindly just because a red box or a blue box appears.

We are thinking traders that manage risk correctly!

Masterrmind........... :nerd:

--- 帖子 #222 ---
Very nice thread mm

What about Euro news and we are close to ff open?

--- 帖子 #223 ---
Awareness is vital .... then you need to make an assessment on those factors.

How likely is the news going to impact on your planned trades ?

You may not know the answer to this question, maybe no-one does so what you have to do in that case is form the best opinion that you can.

Close to FF Open spells out increased risk usually due to increased volatility plus a good chance that price will trend off in one direction which might be opposite to where you want price to go resulting in either larger DD or eventual stop out.

There is a lot more to be said about the typical PA behavior of the FF open leading into the London Open but this is best left for later in the thread when I outline trading techniques that take advantage of this trading window.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #224 ---
[quote=Masterrmind;8793275]EURGBP [M1] @ 3%RISK PER CYCLE NEXT WEEK THE EURGBP [M1] CURRENCY PAIR WILL BE TRADED USING 3% RISK PER CYCLE ...........

1. What are the maximum and average trading ranges in our trading window and on a daily basis over the previous 20 trading days? Max for cycle = 39.9 : sl = 29.2

2. How many trades per cycle on average can we expect to see? cant see all on 1min but looks like ave of 3cycles

3. What SL in pips should we use? 29.2 say 30

4. What lot size per trade should we be trading? 0.034

all very similar to E/C but on daily range there are some differences

--- 帖子 #225 ---
Thanks for having a go jgoedhals its appreciated.

Using data from IC markets demo account I got the following for the EURGBP pair:

Using a H1 Chart of EURGBP and applying the default QAM template the 20 previous trading days data can be noted and entered into columns in Excel as per the screen shot below (likewise for the Daily Ranges making sure to alter the open Hour and the end Hour times in the Xi-AsianBO indicator).

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

SL is then calculated as being 36 pips + 2-4 pips as a buffer.

I used a SL = 38 pips! (On the chart check for S+R zones and adjust the location of the SL if required).

Note that the table on the far left side shows the 'eye-balling' approach and the values obtained by that I mean create a scatter plot in excel (also shown in the screen shot) and delete out the 'outlier' values (the large values that don't fit with the rest of the data.

Below the scatter plot I have included the Mean and standard deviation (SD) values for comparison purposes.

Then you need to open an M1 chart and over the first 4 hour period of the Asian Trading Window (with Q = 200 applied to an M1 TF) simply make a note over the previous 20 days trading of a) the number of cycles and b) the number of trades per cycle.

Then determine an average # trades per cycle over the 20 trading day period.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #226 ---
For those interested let me know if you understand this concept.

I know it appears to be a fair bit of work just to determine  a 'reasonable' SL but it makes sense to me with respect to the QAM strategy.

If you go through this process often it also trains your eyes and your brain to form an expectation of the likely trading ranges in a trading window that interests you and therefore the procedure of determining a SL is transferable.

It will also quickly alert you to a potential issue if you suddenly start seeing a trading range in the 1st 2 hours of Tokyo on the EURCHF pair closing in on 40 pips or so.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #227 ---
Found my mistake.. tokyo cyles was wrong

1. What are the maximum and average trading ranges in our trading window and on a daily basis over the previous 20 trading days?

trading window no outlier maks 35.7 and ave 25.0

daily no outlier maks 120.0 and ave 82.4

2. How many trades per cycle on average can we expect to see? cant see all on 1min only 3 days but looks like ave of 3cycles

3. What SL in pips should we use? 35.7 say 38

4. What lot size per trade should we be trading? 0.026 for 3% of $1000 account

--- 帖子 #228 ---
MM do you mind sharing your excel template

--- 帖子 #229 ---
what is that aqua ana magenta boxes ?

--- 帖子 #230 ---
1. IC data for Daily Ranges are as follows:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Looks like you are working things out fairly well ... happy to see it but be aware of the following:

1. Balance will not remain at US$1000 but rather the current balance before the start of the trading day so if you had of used my balance shown in the TE you'd have used US$1018.97 but I certainly didn't ask for this to be done.

2. Once you have determined the SL and the number of entries its straight forward in finding the lot size based on a known total risk per cycle.

However, the following points should be noted:

Given a USD denominated account the value of a pip trading the EURGBP pair is calculated as follows:

1 PIP is 0.0001 (except trading the yen pairs such as UJ which denotes a pip equal to 0.01)

So, 1 pip per US$10000 = (pip decimal placement/currency exchange rate)*(Notional amount) [in Base currency]

To convert to a different currency use pip value in the other base currency and multiply by the other currencies exchange rate.

Now back to the EURGBP pair:

1 pip of the EURGBP pair in USD per 0.1 lots = (0.0001/base currency exchange rate) * US$10000 * (EURUSD exchange rate)

So if the EURGBP pair was trading at 0.77313 and the EURUSD was trading at 1.10065 then

1 pip traded at a volume of 0.1 lots would be (0.0001/0.77313) * US$10000 * (1.10065)

1 pip value for EURGBP at a volume of 0.1 lots = US$ 1.4236

1 pip value for EURGBP at a volume of 1 lot = US$ 14.2363

Therefore, I applied a value of 1 pip per 1 lot in the GLS equation of US14.2363.

Note that currency exchange rates change all the time so the transaction is only accurate momentarily unless the market has just closed of course in which case the rate will be current until the market starts trading again.

Hope that was useful although most of time we are lazy and just apply a value of USS$10 per pip per US$100 000 trading volume.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #231 ---
That is the M-Candles indicator which traces out a H1 candle over the smaller M1 candles.

I like to see hourly TF's on the chart when I'm trading the QAM strategy because I can easily tell at a glance how far into the Asian session the market has progressed and importantly I can quickly see how much time is left before the trading window ends.

Of course there are many other ways to keep track of market progress but I just like the M-Candles as they also show the hourly candle progression across the chart (bullish, bearish etc).

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #232 ---
I'd prefer not because traders would gain much more by constructing the Excel sheet themselves.

I'm more than happy to help out traders with required formulas at the bottom of columns as required.

It would probably take no more than 30 minutes maximum to construct and once you've made the tables for 1 pair you can simply copy and paste it to be used for another pair and just change the name of the currency pair and clear cell contents.

If traders are interested in constructing the Excel chart similar to mine then by all means let me know and I'll go through it step by step.

Note: The Excel is not really needed though all you need is the chart with the 20 trading ranges and then find the Mean+SD+2-4 pip buffer and you have the SL.
This can also be worked out using a good calculator or an online statistical tool.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #233 ---
Its ok i have made my templates and it is working just fine.

--- 帖子 #234 ---
It will be a later start today and I'll go over some more of the QAM strategy later today.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #235 ---
Great work!

Masterrmind..........

--- 帖子 #236 ---
EURGBP [M1; 200 - manual]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Monitor PA prior to deciding on any entry(s) and if you don't like what you see on the chart then don't take any trades.

Patience often pays.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #237 ---
Look for trading opportunities on a different pair such as EURCHF [M1; 200 - manual] .........

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #238 ---
EURGBP [M1; 200 - manual]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Following PA and take note that just because a box appears I am in no hurry to make an entry........

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #239 ---
EURGBP [M1; 200 - manual]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Still watching PA looking for an opportunity to short the pair down ..... but be patient.

Where do you think price is likely to go bassed on the current PA across the chart?

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #240 ---
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

With R1 @ 40 & H1 level @ 50, would expect some pull in that zone.

--- 帖子 #241 ---
EURGBP [M1; 200 - manual]

Zoom out but remain on an M1 TF ...........

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Still happy to follow PA across the chart.

Will price make it up to resistance level shown on chart .... we do not know .... so we wait and we simply observe.

Price has shown us its intention to continue up so we follow PA and we wait for an opportunity to short this pair down (if an opportunity exists)

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #242 ---
True confession, I'm also trading EU because of small spread. It moved enough earlier for me to collect about 10p total for 2 positions. I may breakdown and start using FXCM just so I can trade other pairs.

--- 帖子 #243 ---
MM, I take it that you have no entry yet on EG?

--- 帖子 #244 ---
No problem at all diamonddbw..........

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #245 ---
That's correct!

Simply watching PA and trying to show the importance of being patient .... taking trades every day is not a requirement of this strategy.

Waiting for the right opportunities is however a requirement which the manual approach has over the EA approach.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #246 ---
EURGBP [M1; 200 - manual]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Notice how the pivot is between the lower 200 trending line and current PA.

Price could drop down to the pivot but what then .... continue through or bounce back to the upside?

Keep a close watch on the pips that are on offer too sometimes it might not be worth taking a trade.....

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #247 ---
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

Hope you can shed some light on why this trade was not worthwhile. I'm not really understanding why.

--- 帖子 #248 ---
Same here

--- 帖子 #249 ---
Today I was going through the mental part of monitoring and watching PA across the chart so traders can begin to form their own opinions on entering trades or not.

Waiting for me to enter a trade and then following might be ok in the learning phase on demo but I do want traders to start making decisions by themselves.

I did not say that the entry was not worthwhile however being aware of PA continuing to push price up towards the resistance level should have made traders hold back on the entry.

What I wanted to see was PA test the resistance level and the bearish intent enter the market with price heading down with momentum.

Price actually rolled over shy of where I would have jumped in and that's perfectly fine by me.

Remember we do not have the luxury of hindsight when we are trading live.

If traders took those shorts and within total risk outlay of an assigned 3% per cycle then I say job well done!

Early entries at the start of the session then I would think quite differently about your reasons for entry!

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #250 ---
If any traders took some shorts on the EURGBP within the Asian trading window today please post a screenshot of the actual entries so we can examine and make constructive criticism if and as applicable.

Please treat this month as a learning month for asking any questions you might have before April hits and we go live!

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #251 ---
I would have trade from the pivot points towards the DO see attachements

--- 帖子 #252 ---
I assume the top chart is EURGBP and the lower chart is EURCHF ..........

The red boxes you have circled in the upper chart (assuming EURGBP) shows shorts from the pivot heading back in the direction of the DO line.

On my EG chart price moved about 3 pips from those entries and we can assume that even the best traders never get 100% of the move so we assume 50 to 70% at best.

50% of the move nets you maybe 1.5 pips

70% of the move nets you maybe 2 pips

Ask yourself do you think it was worth taking these trades for potentially such a small return?

EURCHF

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Look at the PA prior to your assumed entries.

Clearly price is intent on running down with a series of small pullbacks to the DO line but as the trend continues you can see price having more and more of a struggle to get back to the DO line.

Closing out a few pips prior to the DO line in this case and in other cases is usually a good idea because you never really know when the bears are going to come back with strength and drive price down again.

The discretionary part of trading is the difficult part to learn because you never really know in a live market exactly when you should let the trade run a little more, a lot more or close it out for a small profit.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #253 ---
thank you master ... can you tell me where to change in mql4 file.. i seen true and false in 3 places so i cant able to change in that source itself.... that will be helpful to me to learn mql4 also

--- 帖子 #254 ---
If you wish to learn how to code MQL4/5 etc you might like to visit the following:

www.mql4.com or

www.mql5.com

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #255 ---
MM what about the direction/type of 1hr candle, looks like it could play a big role in the way one can trade

--- 帖子 #256 ---
That is very true ;-).

Just wanted to stress out again how important news are. Once again today we had Swiss data and as you can see price did exactly what we expected - trend strongly. And once again Mastermind, everything that you teach here is worth gold, I simply want to make it clear (exclusively for EURCHF) that 99% of the problems are resolved by simply not trading asian sessions prior to data.

Have a great day folks!

--- 帖子 #257 ---
Great that you are thinking about the system but how do you see it as a big role player!

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #258 ---
Thanks hibernate!

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #259 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

No real support at end of 1hr candles

--- 帖子 #260 ---
see attached

--- 帖子 #261 ---
Interesting!

Later we'll explore changing the Quantum values to 'better' fit the flow of PA including applying Q=60, 120, 240 etc to match up with multiples of H1 TFs.

There are no limits to the QAM strategy.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #262 ---
Good lesson in EG non entries for Tuesday open.

I do have one question for you though, at one point EG spike up to Resistance (R1) @ .7740, and quickly withdrew. I was about to add another entry had .7741 printed, but price just missed. Any particular reason why you did not see fit to enter short here? I already had 4 positions on.

My standard entry progression, is as follows:

#1. At, or near early Q.

#2. At least 1.5 pips from previous entry.

#3. Three or more pips from 2nd entry.

#4. Five pips from 3rd entry.

#5. Four to six pips from entry #4.

Beyond that, I may, or may not, take one more entry. Should all five entries go to SL I would be just under 3% loss.

--- 帖子 #263 ---
You went over entries and ranges (post #230) on the Daily. I have no clue how that figures in.

So far my wins have been between 10 & 15 pips total. If I incur a maximum loss, that total would be near 150 pips. That could take up to 15 trading days to recoup. Any comments please?

--- 帖子 #264 ---
Please take a look over the EURGBP pair and if you are starting to feel comfortable look at setup trades on the EURCHF pair too.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

What global SLs are you going to apply to a cycle of trades on both pairs?

What lot size and how many entries on average do you expect to see?

Using the last 5 trading days to gather data for the average trades per cycle usually works out well so no need to go back too far.

Unfortunately I'll be back a few hours later today, can't be helped at the moment but certainly would prefer to be here from the start.

Start posting some of your trades with screenshots if you wish good or bad so we can discuss them and if improvements can be made then constructive criticism should always be welcomed if the trader gains from the comments.

Note: Do not exceed the assigned risk% per cycle.

Later we will examine the use of 5%risk and as an exercise 10%risk per cycle!

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #265 ---
Anyone grab the 1st 2 shorts on EURGBP pair?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Now you should be looking for an opportunity to go long, be patient watch PA and look for some bullish intent ie at least a bull candle for your entry?

Once you get very familiar with PA across the chart you will begin to see that many times it pays to wait for price to drop back down and retest where the the 1st blue Quantum boxes were painted, then look to go long.

What you are trying to see unfold is a mini-support zone that price can spring up off and head higher.

This is not always the case though so you need to be expecting price to also shoot straight up .... traders call!

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #266 ---
Long EG

Price close to DO line if it shows hesitation to break through and head up I'll assess whether to close it out for a small profit or give it more time.

What you don't want to see is signs of a strong reversal candle (bearish red candle) .......

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #267 ---
Closed out the EURGBP long trade at the DO line...........

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #268 ---
Immediately after I closed out the long on EG price reversed hard to the downside... this is what you need to be very aware of...........

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Now we simply sit back and watch PA before making any further entries.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #269 ---
Now that I have no trades open I can open up 3% risk worth of trades on the next cycle (blue for long is likely of course but I can also choose to wait for the next red Quantum boxes to be generated and start looking for shorts.

...... again trader discretion!

Masterrmind............ :nerd:

--- 帖子 #270 ---
Price consolidation phase with the market not knowing where it wants to go.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

So we wait for price to show us

be very aware of the next support and resistance levels as a likely zone that price could travel too or certainly partially travel too.

If price starts to break up then we look to go long

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #271 ---
Whats the EURCHF pair doing?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

look over the PA on the chart and think to yourself do these ranges make sense or not?

Masterrmind........... :nerd:

--- 帖子 #272 ---
Long 1 trade @ 0.02 lots on EURGBP ..........

I can open up 3 positions but because I'm still not convinced that PA will drive up to at least the DO line I am limiting my exposure (ie open only 1 trade NOT 3)

Other entries will be considered based on PA across the chart.

Also be aware of false breakout of price from consolidation zones (PA can reverse just as fast and head back the other way.... another reason to limit the number of entries in this cycle at the moment)

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #273 ---
3 longs now entered on the EURGBP pair......

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #274 ---
Hi Masterrmind,

What price did you go long from ?

--- 帖子 #275 ---
When price action shows us that it wishes to follow a downward trend with a small pullback followed by another drop and then a small pullback.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

How might we start to manage our current entries?

Masterrmind............ :nerd:

--- 帖子 #276 ---
Please refer to Post # 275 and the TE (once it gets its act together and syncs into my account.

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #277 ---
In the process of downloading indicator's and getting this up and running today!

Looks like you have already done some very nice trades in the results.

The spreads must getting annoying when your taking such small pips yeah?

--- 帖子 #278 ---
Thanks for that diamonddbw...........

I've covered the reason why I didn't enter short in previous posts but it was firstly to allow other traders to make a decision and not always wait for my entry and secondly I wanted to enter a short at a slightly higher price and a little closer to resistance level. Price rolled over and headed south before that level and so I simply allowed the trades not to be placed in this case.

I don't rely on pip distances I prefer to see a breakdown in one side or the other depending on your intended direction so this means I look at PA and the forming of current and past candles across the chart.

You are welcome to try out the 2,3, 5 or whatever pip progression you wish but I have found it to be not useful in QAM and if it was the benefit was only minimal. You never know though things can change in the market and it might end up being the best technique ever.

The idea is to never allow the trades to hit SL .......... we do not hope in the QAM strategy ..... we monitor PA and manage our trades based on a total risk% of our start of session (or start of day is fine unless losing trades have occurred then initial balance applied should be the lower amount).

As the trading session starts to get closer to the FF Open and if trades remain open then they must be manged (allowed to run a little longer, closing out 1 trade in the cycle initially and followed by others if PA continues to move against us or closed out at the same time especially if PA within say an hour of FF Open starts to show increased volatility and we assess the situation as far too risky to allow the trades to run any longer ..  in this case it makes sense to close out the trades.

Note that each situation is unique they are never exactly the same but some can be quite similar and patterns do repeat in the markets on a regular basis.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #279 ---
Also I don't know if this would come in handy for you but this is a good site on ADR and volatility for quick reference if ever needed

https://www.mataf.net/en/forex/tools...gn=redirection

--- 帖子 #280 ---
Great to see you here Cizz!

Please be aware that I'm running a demo account as a learning/training tool and therefore I do not plan to have all great trades shown in the TE.

I want to show examples of trades that are good and also bad so that other traders can be aware of them and know how they should be managing their trades including PA across the chart.

At 1st glance the QAM strategy appears quite simple if a trader only thought to buy at blue Quantum box and sell at a red Quantum box.

Nothing could be further from the truth!

Monitoring, managing and knowing when to cut trades whilst letting others run based on a total risk% per cycle is what needs to be mastered!

I hope you enjoy the thread.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #281 ---
Yes there are plenty of sites around for that but I wanted traders to actually focus more on looking over their charts.

By combing over a given pair their eyes start to be trained on what is 'likely' to be expected in the trading window and also the daily trading ranges.

Being very very familiar with a currency pair that you plan to trade is vitally important.

What is the pair type? Is it a turtle, major, minor, exotic, volatile pair if so what usually happens and what do I expect to happen based on say upcoming news (directly/indirectly related), trading window ranges, what about spread will that affect the trading of a given pair?

Its a big learning curve but very interesting to say the least.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #282 ---
Presently my 3 long trades are sitting on about 0.36% DD

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #283 ---
EURGBP - update

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Price struggling to break up higher above mini-resistance level shown on chart red horizontal line).

As time gets closer to FF Open (shown by the vertical green line start thinking about where you want to close out some trades or the whole cycle of trades.

Also start to think about reducing overall risk on your cycle of trades (say an hour or so before FF Open) which simply means on MT4 clicking and dragging your SL lines up higher on the chart to limit your risk.

The important point here is that you start doing some thinking that does not necessarily mean action.

What we want to do is actively monitor PA across the chart and if we suddenly see alot of bearish intent enter the market then we need to be prepared to close out our cycle of trades.

Being aware and being prepared for action is vital!

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #284 ---
Hi MM, I would wait for a new LL for a long chance as long the price is under PV line, with my broker high 7750 and low 7730 for today ... but I do not feel so good with EUR/GBP, I saw it yesterday running against 7790 about day R1, even I thought about to go short at this point, I did not feel good in that pair, still running with EUR/CHF but the spread ...

--- 帖子 #285 ---
I feel a similar way also but this is a learning phase on demo trading the EURGBP pair for the benefit of interested traders.

I chose the turtle pairs initially so traders could quite comfortably monitor PA even on an M1 chart.

Later in this thread I'll introduce far more active and also volatile pairs and some traders if they are not up to date with following PA on a turtle pair will struggle alot on pairs that move 100 pips in the Asian session when much larger gains are possible.....

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #286 ---
EURGBP [M1; 200 - manual]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

FF Open less than an hour away.

Time to tighten up the SL to reduce overall risk on the cycle of trades.

Note how I left the TP's up high but below the pivot that's because if price goes my way and enters profit I will continue to tighten all 3 SL's.

Closing out 1 or 2 trades into profit also needs to be considered in case price quickly reverses back down (watch the chart and watch PA)

Masterrmind..........

--- 帖子 #287 ---
EURGBP [M1 Chart] - update

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Monitoring all trades

Tightened up the stops a little more

Some bearish intent entering the market.

Masterrmind..........

--- 帖子 #288 ---
As a learning exercise I'll keep the EURGBP trades running but bare in mind that once price gets up closer to your entry level as it did then better you close out 1 or 2 trades or the whole cycle.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Closer to FF Open ... yes price can race up and hit TP but it can also race down and smash through your SL

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #289 ---
EURGBP [M1; 200 - manual]

All 3 SLs tightened up further.

Total risk on the 3 trades is about 0.5 - 0.6% of account balance so i know what I stand to lose if the stops get taken out.

No need to keep total risk at 3% this close to FF Open.......

Masterrmind............ :nerd:

--- 帖子 #290 ---
Note the increased volatility and therefore increased danger of allowing trades to run post FF Open

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #291 ---
EURGBP [M1; 200 - manual]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Hitting the FF Open!

Do you really want to have your trades open during this period?

I don't think many traders would.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #292 ---
EURGBP [M1; 200- manual]

Cycle of trades allowed to run post FF Open as a learning exercise that illustrates the potential dangers.

You might get lucky sometimes and the trades get closed out in profit but often it runs the other way too like it did today.

Important to understand the value of monitoring and managing your cycle of trades.

If you decide to let the trades run a bit longer be fully aware of the applied risk (know your risk% and how much you stand to lose if trades get stopped out).

Tighten up your stops as I did as FF Open approaches and make decisions to close out some or all of your trades (even if it means a small loss)

Hope the process I went through was useful.

Good trading,

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #293 ---
most excellent work MM, hope everyone is following your reasoning and hope they ask questions if they get stuck ....

--- 帖子 #294 ---
The idea is to think through your positions and not simply hope for success!

Thanks starpro there will be plenty more commentary on future cycles and especially during this 1st phase.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #295 ---
Hello my friend,Congrat for your first and new thread.Cheers.Al.

--- 帖子 #296 ---
Always welcome here Almo and thank you my friend.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #297 ---
THURSDAY TRADING (WEDNESDAY FOR OTHER FRIENDS)

Potentially an interesting day with plenty of news floating around so lets see how it affects our trading session.

Forex Factory Calendar:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Some additional sources:

http://www.reuters.com/finance/currencies

http://www.bloomberg.com/markets

Some examples of live news feeds:

http://ransquawk.com/packages/forex

Some other sources:

http://www.fxstreet.com/news/forex-news/

https://www.dailyfx.com/real-time-news

Central Bank sites (in no particular order):

List of All Central Banks: https://www.bis.org/cbanks.htm

USA: Multiple major city sites eg NY: https://www.newyorkfed.org/

Canada: http://www.bankofcanada.ca/

Germany: http://www.bundesbank.de/Navigation/...home_node.html

United Kingdom: http://www.bankofengland.co.uk/Pages/home.aspx

European Union: http://www.ecb.europa.eu/home/html/index.en.html

Russian Federation: http://www.cbr.ru/eng/

Switzerland: http://www.snb.ch/en/

Japan: http://www.boj.or.jp/en/

Australia: http://www.rba.gov.au/

New Zealand: http://www.rbnz.govt.nz/

Enjoy the reading........

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #298 ---
great stuff.  love that you are providing charts and commentary in real time.  very rare here on FF, in my experience.  good gutsy going!

--- 帖子 #299 ---
Thanks for that Floydd its great to know its useful!

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #300 ---
I am a bit lagging behind (just like a repainting indi ;-), great idea Mastermind !!!!

Congratulations and all the best with your "new thread".

From my point of view, no trader could expect better than this.

You have been precise, concise, open to constructive criticism and transparent with a Trade Explorer to top it all off showing the teaching of the preachings.

Many thanks again for the good advice and kind words you have given me in the past.
The FF community needs more selfishless people like you.

God bless you, your family and your noble teaching efforts.

LuXing

--- 帖子 #301 ---
Many thanks for such kind words LuXing ..........

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #302 ---
TOKYO OPEN

Applying 2 charts .... EURCHF and EURGBP

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Looking for initial cycles of trades on either pair.

Notes:

1. If spread is too high on the EURCHF pair or any pair for that matter you simply pass on entry and look at another pair (EURGBP in this case).

2. If 2 pairs is a little challenging to work with then only look at the EURGBP pair.

3. If 1 cycle of trades has been opened do not open another cycle on the other pair until the cycle on the 1st pair has been closed out.

4. Do not exceed your assigned risk% of 3.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #303 ---
EURGBP [M1; 200 - manual]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Quantum blue signal for long but look at the likely TP maybe after entry 1.5 to 2 pips considering gap between trending lines is only about 9 pips currently.

Not worth the entry in my opinion considering chance of price to bounce back down from the DO line (which it has done).

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #304 ---
EURCHF [M1; 200 - manual]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

2 longs in progress

watch spread

trending gap about 12-13 pips

awareness of SL placement

awareness of TP placement

awareness of risk

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #305 ---
Now 3 longs on EURCHF...........

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Monitor PA on the way up especially at 'obstacles' on your chart such as the pivot... DO line.... mini S+r etc

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #306 ---
Those traders who resisted the EURCHF cycle and waited for the EURGBP cycle would have 3 longs in action now........

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Only allowed 1 cycle at a time at this stage so it simply comes down to trader choice.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #307 ---
Anyone identify a problem with taking these longs on EURCHF?

Was it a good idea or a bad idea?

Why? or Why not?

Masterrmind........... :nerd:

--- 帖子 #308 ---
Maybe this chart will help in working out if the EURCHF longs should have been taken?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Take a good long look at the PA just prior too and leading into Tokyo Open you should notice that PA has not even gone anywhere near the DO line.

PA has remained below the Pivot. Yes?

What is this telling you about the intention of price?

Its likely to continue down for some time. Right!

Remember it is always the trader who alone is responsible for entering trades or not entering trades!

Masterrmind........... :nerd:

--- 帖子 #309 ---
The market often gives out several clues but you'll miss them if you are not paying attention.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #310 ---
Observation of PA would have avoided this situation!

Would you all agree?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #311 ---
What is between our trades and SL?

Only a support level right!

Of course price could reverse at or near the support level BUT only if that level holds right and if the level does not hold there goes 3% or close to it!

Is this how we should be trading? ...... I hope you all say NO!

Does it feel comfortable? ........ I think not!

Masterrmind........... :nerd:

--- 帖子 #312 ---
Hi Masterrmind, I am a little bit delay for todays trading ...  trading and talking about EUR/CHF ... with my Broker we have S1 around 1.0944 and LL 1.0942, and trade around 1.0945/47 ... in this case I will enter a long trade and see how it will run.

Yesterday I had two short trades with this system but close them too early ... anyhow, I got yesterday a short Signal from some professionell Service around 1.0945 which hit SL 1.0990 ...

with this pair  in a trading  range let me say 1.07 to 1.10 the last couple of weeks and a Central Bank behind ... what do you think about to reduce the lotsize and let the trades run mean enter trades at  HH / LL levels and go out at TP levels, SL down/above the range

--- 帖子 #313 ---
EURCHF [M1; 200 - manual] - update!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Digging a big hole that could have been avoided from the beginning!

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #314 ---
I entered 3 longs on the EURCHF pair...........

Its another great learning example of being aware of PA to the left of chart and heading into the Tokyo Open.

Look at where price is compared to DO line, Pivot and other S+R zones.

What about EURGBP would that pair have been better to trade?

Could you have had any idea from the start that it would turn out better than trading the EURCHF pair?

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #315 ---
I'm sitting on 3 longs on the EURCHF pair and FF Open is about 1 hour away.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

How do we manage our trades?

Close them all out at the next red Quantum box?

Allow them to run?

Don't worry about them and hope they hit our TP?

Masterrmind........... :nerd:

--- 帖子 #316 ---
What information can we get directly from the current EURCHF chart?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

1. Price has developed a mini-support zone at about the 1.09448 level.

2. #1 support above is above major support

3. Its also above our 3 SLs

4. What are we expecting (theoretically) when (if) price breaks slightly above the 1.09582 level?

5. What else do we know?

6. Importantly what should we do?

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #317 ---
1. Whats our risk on the cycle currently?

just under 2%

2. I see no need to rush the SL's any higher at the moment because they are already tight up against major support

3. If price breaks down below mini support zone shown on above chart then I may consider closing out 1 trade initially but PA will be closely monitored.

4. If price remains above mini support zone then I'm 'happy' to allow the trades to run (closely monitored of course)

5. If price triggers a red Quantum box I'll consider moving all 3 SL's higher up the chart but below mini support zone

6. If price breaks above 1.09580 I'll consider tightening up my stops further and follow price up the chart from a distance.

7. Trade management is being handles from a SL perspective more so than a TP (TP's can stay where they are....)

Basically, I won't do anything (except monitor PA) at the moment until price breaks down below nini-support zone or breaks above 1.09580 level.

Masterrmind............. :nerd:

--- 帖子 #318 ---
What are we expecting in about 30 minutes?

That Frankfurt Open will kick off and that it is highly likely that volatility in the pair will increase sharply either at the open or shortly after.

So we need to be prepared and we need to know exactly what our actions will be if or when price behaves a certain way (if price goes UP or DOWN).

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #319 ---
Price has dropped down to mini support zone now and has started generating some blue Quantum boxes.

Basically price is testing the mini-support zone.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #320 ---
Still in the trades ... did not notice any sharp bearish momentum of price to the downside.

Rather a gradual decline in price .... what I was waiting for was for was the bears to tire and the bulls to show some strength.

Lets see!

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #321 ---
Price now resting on major support........

Looks like a slow but eventual end to the 3 longs not too far away.

Masterrmind..........

--- 帖子 #322 ---
Not the best time to leave and if it was live trading I'd consider closing our 1-2 trades and leaving the last trade to run.

In this situation I'll leave all 3 to run with current SL's in place (unchanged).

I would think that all 3 trades will be taken out very soon based on the flow of price across the chart.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #323 ---
Hi MM, we got a new LL around 1.0928 at this time I am writing ... I know that this is now not your trading window but I am in an different timeZone ( I will do my best the time you start the live trading to be on time with you) ... I will enter now and go long with a first pos ( I did 12 trades with your Indis since March 7 in eur/chf already and all closed in a plus but as I mentioned it before, just closing too early,

I do not have always that patience to wait ). Draghi ahead for today so better ... relax. Thanks Masterrmind in sharing your ideas with us, as for me, I can learn a lot out of it.

--- 帖子 #324 ---
The idea behind the demo trades is to show some good trades, some bad trades but most importantly to outline how best to manage cycles of trades.

I hope traders study what is presented to them because these are the types of situations that they could face when trading live and if they are not aware of PA and also the typical locations of entries with regard to the DO line, pivot points, support and resistance zones it is very possible that they will open a bad cycle of trades almost destined to lose.

If they know what is likely to occur and how to best manage the situation then a bad cycle could turn out to be not so dramatic.

I'm pleased you are getting something from my ideas.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #325 ---
Study the following chart it contains some gold nuggets meaning situations where entries should not be made.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Follow PA across the chart it gives out many great clues.

These trades were great examples that clearly show the dangers of attempting to go long under and close to both the DO line and the pivot point.

This is particularly important when trades are taken live.

Note:

1. By following PA and interpreting it correctly no cycles would have been taken and if you were also analyzing EURGBP at the time some great cycles were up for the taking.

2. Since this cycle was taken it ties up all your allocated risk into a bad cycle of trades that should never have been opened in the 1st instance!

I hope the trades today highlight the importance of relating price to every other important factor on the chart!

Good trading,

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #326 ---
EURCHF [M1; 200 - manual]

Main points outlined in the chart!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

If price is under a pivot or resistance level do not open a long trade better to wait for PA to show the way!

Any questions please ask!

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #327 ---
what happened for the last couple trades? It seemed to be doing nicely up until that point

--- 帖子 #328 ---
Traders who make a comment like this clearly have not been following the thread or reading the posts.

The month of March as outlined earlier is meant for demo trading where I outline good cycles, not so good cycles and bad cycles of trades!

It is important to demonstrate what can go wrong and how a trader might manage a cycle of trades.

The first phase is setup in this way because there is no point in showing a string of successful cycles in a row without at least showing a few days of bad entries and bad cycles.

The purpose if you read through the thread is exactly as the content shows.

Please read through the posts and the commentary if you wish to understand the strategy and the important charts with comments.

March will continue to demonstrate the good, the bad and the ugly.

April (if traders are ready) is when I plan to trade live with a TE and this will demonstrate some of what the QAM strategy has to offer.
A QAM Strategy [Ultimate Edition] may also be introduced at a much later stage for trading multiple pairs and multiple time frames.

Looking at an equity curve without even reading through the thread first shows a high degree of ignorance my friend.

I hope you become better informed, read through the thread and enjoy the QAM strategy.

ps. I see no point in showing traders a string of successful trades during the learning phase because if I do this how will they manage 'bad' cycles?

Take care,

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #329 ---
FRIDAY (THURSDAY FOR SOME FRIENDS) - last trading day of the week.

Today I'll be starting from Tokyo Open.

Pairs to be traded: EURCHF [M1; XXX - manual] and EURGBP [M1; XXX - manual]

Looking for opportunities and entries on both pairs and outlining some of the common dangers as they happen.

Note: Be aware that March should only be demo traded as a learning exercise (not live).

ps. At the end of todays trading I will outline the plan for next week.

Good trading,

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #330 ---
EURGBP -  Trade window ranges over the last 20 days

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The same should be done for the EURCHF pair.

Note: not a lot of difference in this case to yesterdays calculations.

SL applied for EURGBP will be 34.9 + buffer (2-4 pips) = 37 pips. (could leave it at 38 same as yesterday if you wish)

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #331 ---
EURGBP [M1]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Masterrmind..........

--- 帖子 #332 ---
EURGBP [M1]

Zoomed into the chart!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Should do the same for all pairs being traded or any pairs planned to be traded!

Masterrmind..........

--- 帖子 #333 ---
Any initial thoughts?

1. What is PA trying to tell us.

2. Where is price now in relation to support, resistance, DO line.

3. What is the general trend of the pair prior to start of day, from start of day and from Tokyo Open?

Masterrmind.......... :nerd:

--- 帖子 #334 ---
EURGBP [M1]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Price testing DO line .........

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #335 ---
EURCHF [M1]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Whats this pair doing now and what has it been doing recently?

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #336 ---
EURGBP [M1]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Quantum short signal .... what should we do?

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #337 ---
EURGBP [M1]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

2 short Quantum signals and price heading back to the DO line (at least it appears to be)

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #338 ---
EURGBP [M1]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Was entering a short on bearish intent worth it in this situation?

Remembering that its highly unlikely you will take 100% of the move down (more like 50-70% if you are doing everything right ... what about spread?)

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #339 ---
Meanwhile the EURCHF  pair is going no where .

EURCHF [M1]  chart

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Lets focus our attention only on the EURGBP for now.

Note: glance over the EURCHF chart occasionally though as activity can change fast!

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #340 ---
EURGBP [M1]

Has anyone noticed where their SL would be placed with respect to the next resistance level?

What SL are we applying on the EURGBP pair today?

How many pips is it to the next resistance level ?

What should we do?

Maybe this chart will help.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #341 ---
More on EURGBP [M1]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

PA is showing an intent to move to higher levels!

Patience and understanding PA can easily save you from making a 'bad' entry.

If the entry is not clear cut then simply wait and monitor PA ... start looking for clues.

A major concern in taking a long cycle here is that our applied SL would hardly make it half way to the next resistance level so why trade it!

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #342 ---
Summary of major points so far:

1. EURCHF is going no-where so we cannot trade it (at the moment)

2. EURGBP is showing far too much risk (so we should not trade it at the moment)

3. So what should we do?

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #343 ---
What about the EURUSD? ...........

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #344 ---
Imagine a SL of 30 pips for the EURUSD pair........

Are there any concerns about trading it?

If so what are they?

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #345 ---
Where will the stop go?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Why are the resistance levels so far away from current price?

Hint: How are they determined and what happened in yesterdays trading?

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #346 ---
Meanwhile hows the EURGBP pair shaping up?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #347 ---
Plenty of Euro and US news yesterday should be obvious.

So it looks like trading EURCHF, EURGBP OR EURUSD has an extra element of risk attached

1. large pip distances to resistance and support levels

2. big moves yesterday

So why don't we start looking at other pairs .........

How about AUDJPY as a first example?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

1. whats the spread like?

2. SL consideration

3. PA so far and where is price in relation to DO line, S+R and pivot points?

4. any additional risk?

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #348 ---
The AJ pair has a degree of risk because the next resistance level is too far away.

5 shorts have been entered though as an example to be discussed later especially concerning the pivot.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #349 ---
EURGBP [M1;200]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Identifying possible turning points in price ...........

Recognize that price may not always turn at these levels so always have a clear picture of all associated risk.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #350 ---
AUDJPY [M1; 200 - manual]

Current situation ..........

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #351 ---
AUDJPY [M1; 200 - manual]

Following PA ..........

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #352 ---
EURUSD [M1; 200]

Identifying possible turning points through PA that provide clues ......

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Being aware of these levels are important in estimating where Quantum boxes might stop being printed!

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #353 ---
AH those directional trendlines are a nice addition to chart MM.  reminds me of weinsteins stages ...

--- 帖子 #354 ---
AUDJPY [M1; 200 - manual]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Bulls having another go at pushing price higher!

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #355 ---
Yes its all about following the flow of price across the chart and identifying the clues.

Do you see an issue with the AJ shorts?

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #356 ---
only that solid resistance is around 85.000 fair way away

Im annoyed I saw 84.650 as solid s/r line going back cpla days

and u entered right on support ....

--- 帖子 #357 ---
Fantastic!

Look at this chart:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Is it any wonder then that the AJ shorts got taken out?

I think not!

It pays to identify all your support and resistance levels, pivot points, news influence and PA before ever thinking about entering a cycle of trades.

Common sense really but its often neglected which results in a high degree of pain most of the time!

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #358 ---
AUDJPY [M1; 200 - manual]

Price is rocketing up to test the 85.000 level....

What should we do?

Masterrmind............. :nerd:

--- 帖子 #359 ---
@Masterrmind Your charts and teachings are pure gold !!!

--- 帖子 #360 ---
yeh and why cant one admit defeat and SEE the break of the 1st reistance at 84.640? thats what annoys me the most ....

this is where the quantum boxes let trader down, makes you look for shorts , somehow need to ignore if the trend is obviously UP

--- 帖子 #361 ---
AUDJPY [M1; 200]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Getting closer ............

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #362 ---
Nice to see you hovering around the thread guilherme!

I make no apologies for teaching this method from an almost non-intuitive perspective!

I'm pleased to see that you know what is going on ... others maybe yes ... many maybe struggling a bit ... thats what questions are for I guess!

I teach from the point of view of how best to read the chart based on all the factors and enter a cycle of trades that makes sense and heavily considers risk!

Welcome to QAM ...........

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #363 ---
im still in 4 lots of shorts , was counting on 85.100 as being absolute top, prefered BRN but it obviously had to test it .I will just wait for some sort of pull back to see if its going to continue down

--- 帖子 #364 ---
Think of the Quantum boxes as a very slim opportunity to start thinking about trades.

Consider all the factors outlined throughout this thread (many more to come by the way) and make a judgement based on all the factors you can gather on a given currency pair whilst managing risk.

Then you'll start making some great cycles of trades and eventually you'll get to the point where you enter only 1 trade (applied at total assigned risk).

Learn all the bad first so you know what can happen, is likely to happen or could possibly happen and then trade to avoid them!

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #365 ---
please excuse my charts not being exact same  clean up if you dont want them to confuse the method  the main point I make is the continuance of trend from high obvious but not seen ....

--- 帖子 #366 ---
Shorting from the 85.000 level also has a component of danger attached!

A key resistance level is still about 40 pips up the chart.

However, look at the PA on the AJ chart, momentum has clearly slowed and price is showing a weakness to push higher and is possibly wanting to reverse.

I'd actually call this phase a consolidation of price where price has just started to form a tight trading range over the last 10 minutes or so.

Since you are in shorts you'll need to watch PA and any sign of an intention of the bulls to drive price higher (remember resistance at 85.400 level).

Personally, if I was going to short the AJ pair down I'd wait a little longer but if I did enter now I'd use 1 short trade with a short stop on it (maybe 15-20 pips and a TP of at least 1:1 to 2:1)

Traders choice as always but it needs to be consistent with the chart and pair you are trading be it AJ, EC, EG, EU or any other option.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #367 ---
I will add to positions once the red line is broken

--- 帖子 #368 ---
I like the annotation on your chart showing "greed"!

Greed is an evil trait to have in this business.

Technical and methodical trading surgeons is what we should strive to be ....... making well informed and as precise as possible entries!

We'll never be perfect but that should never stop us from trying!

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #369 ---
AUDJPY [M1; 200]

FF Open still 2.5 hours away or so.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #370 ---
@ starpro .....

I'm assuming you have added to your positions....

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #371 ---
When price is floating around half way between key resistance and the pivot it could easily go either way.

PA at the moment is suggesting a neutral position (price is currently glued to the 85.000 BRN)

[For those that don't know a BRN is short for Big Round Number meaning a psychological number]

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #372 ---
no I wont add till it breaks that red line round 84.900

--- 帖子 #373 ---
On my chart price for AJ has already hit 85.067 .... hmmm

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #374 ---
yeh .062 too here but i was still under .05% on each deal , so now just waiting for 84.900,

I watch A200 too , see it falling can expect AJ to fall too (just imo)

--- 帖子 #375 ---
AUDJPY [M1; 200]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Masterrmind ...........

--- 帖子 #376 ---
Good Fortune,MM, Good Luck with your teachings ,,,,, will follow the thread  for usefull learnings

--- 帖子 #377 ---
Thanks starpro..........

Price is in love with 85.000 on the AJ pair so no sign of price wanting to go either direction anytime soon.

Good luck with your shorts!

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #378 ---
last chart (purely because it dosent conform with whta ur trying to teach) showing what Im waiting for

1st addon short 84.886

--- 帖子 #379 ---
AUDJPY [M1; 200 - manual]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

7 shorts applied with a 25 pip SL (about 3% risk) each on clear bearish intent of the market.

Late in the session so certainly not without a degree of risk.

Lets see!

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #380 ---
Good Fortune ...

--- 帖子 #381 ---
No fortune in these trades I'm afraid!

Far too late in the trading session and an inappropriate SL applied.

3% on the line with the tight SLs I have applied on this pair.

SL's are tight because if price wants to break up past the swing highs then I want to be out of these trades because I know the next level of resistance is a good 40 pips up!

ps. this demo account is really bad at freezing at the most strangest of times.......... enough said!

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #382 ---
Later I'll post a plan for next weeks trading including some of the lessons that can be learned from previous cycles of trades.

That way the main points will be hopefully in the 1 post or so and easy to use as a reference.

Enjoy the weekend!

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #383 ---
You too MasterMind, thanx for the insights  long weekend in vict  but forex keeps on movin movin movin ... cheers Sp

--- 帖子 #384 ---
AUDJPY [M1; 200 - manual]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Almost stopped out and not far from it I would think.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #385 ---
My pleasure!

Bring on April I say but until then a mixed bag of cycles will be dealt out as a learning experience .......

Masterrmind..........

--- 帖子 #386 ---
the 1 good thing Ive found out my broker (gm) I can go within 1 tick of s/l and not get churned , not like some others I dealt with ....

--- 帖子 #387 ---
AUDJPY [M1; 200 - manual]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

As expected when you enter late in the trading window the risk increases meaning a stop out is very likely.

Several mistakes in placing these trades? Can you spot them?

Masterrmind............. :nerd:

--- 帖子 #388 ---
If you plot ask and bid lines on your MT4/5 chart etc you'll soon see when trades get stopped out.

Its the sudden fast spikes that can catch you unawares though.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #389 ---
NO1   gen trend is ,,,, trying to make reversals happen dosent work , needed candle to close BElOW BRN

--- 帖子 #390 ---
EURCHF [M1; 200]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

EURGBP [M1; 200]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

EURUSD [M1; 200]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

What do you see?

Masterrmind........... :nerd:

--- 帖子 #391 ---
haha   I see flatty tails waiting to be crumbed, sweetchilli dipping sauce to make etc etc  ... bbl

--- 帖子 #392 ---
LESSONS LEARNED IN THE 2 WEEKS SO FAR

Introduction:

Over the past 2 weeks examples of some good cycles of trades and also bad cycles of trades have been shown (TE indicating all trades taken).

The EURCHF, EURGBP (turtle pairs) and to a lesser extent the EURUSD and AUDJPY pairs were used to show a number of cycles.

Main Points:

1. Trading tools (MT4 and template with indicators)

2. Price Action (support+resistance, pivots, mini s+r, key levels etc; look at PA prior to start time and ongoing)

3. Pairs (not all currency pairs are created 'equal')

4. Trading Window typical price action behaviors for a chosen pair

5. ADR, ATR of a given pair

6. SL calculation

7. Lot size per trade

8. TP location

9. Monitoring and managing of all open trades

10. Risk per cycle of trades

11. Trading window elapsed time and when FF Open commences

12. Volatility later in the Asian session (most of the time best NOT to open a late cycle of trades)

13. News (difficult to predict how it will affect your trading window if the news occurs later in the day; if trades opened consider reducing the risk)

14. other trading factors

======================================================================================================

*Examine in detail both the good cycles of trades and also the bad cycles of trades I have posted to this thread*

Ask yourself the following questions:

a) Do I know how my chosen pair typically moves in my preferred trading window?

b) Am I familiar with all its characteristics? (PA, ADR/ATR, spread etc)

c) What can be learned from the good cycle of trades?

d) What can be learned from the bad cycle of trades?

e) How can I avoid or manage 'bad' cycles of trades that are going against me?

f) I know where my SL is placed but do I have to wait for trades to hit SL on every cycle of trades I take? [of course NOT!]

g) Should I cut trades short when in profit or wait until they hit TP or SL?

h) How can my cycles of trades net gain be improved?

i) Should I communicate some of my concerns on the thread? [Yes! Constructive criticism will always be given to improve your cycles]

Note: As mentioned numerous times this month is devoted to demo trading in a learning phase which means both good and bad cycles of trades will continue to be made. Learning from bad cycles of trades is more beneficial than good but you can always learn something from both.

Good trading,

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #393 ---
PIVOT POINT INDICATOR

Understanding what the Pivot Point indicator tells us with respect to our chart and how each level is calculated.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

For Daily Pivot points it is important to realize that firstly it is a purely mathematical formula for each level as outlined below:

Only 5 pieces of data are used:

1. yesterdays Daily OPEN (O) price

2. yesterdays Daily HIGH (H) price

3. yesterdays Daily LOW (L) price

4. yesterdays Daily CLOSE (C) price and

5. yesterdays Daily RANGE

Lets use the EURCHF pair as an example and lets suppose we want to calculate the pivot points for last Friday.

What we need is the daily candle data from Thursday (1 day prior to Friday) since the pivot points are projected forward into Friday!

Open the data window on a D1 TF of the EURCHF pair and zoom in, mouse over Thursday's candle and note the Open (O), High (H), Low (L), Close (C) and the daily range.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Open = 1.09717

High = 1.10227

Low = 1.09021

Close = 1.10114

Range = 120.6 pips or H - L = 0.01206 (correct decimal placement)

The calculations are as follows:

R3: PP + Range * 2 = 1.12199 (note that some pivot indi use H + 2 * (PP - L) to give 1.11760)

R2: PP + Range = 1.10993

R1: 2 * PP - L = 1.10554

PIVOT: (H + L + C) / 3 = (1.10227 + 1.09021 + 1.101140 / 3 = 1.09787

S1: 2 * PP - H = 1.09348

S2: PP - Range = 1.08581

S3: PP - Range * 2 = 1.07375

NB. There are several different formulas that can be applied including the addition of mid-points!

I do not put alot of faith in the location of pivot, S and R lines on a given chart by themselves but I certainly take notice if or when price has shown respect for these levels recently ... then I take a lot of notice!

I do use them in combination with price action to give me a clue as to where the market is taking price when smaller s or r levels have been recently broken!

Mondays pivot line levels would need to use Fridays (or last trading day of the week) D1 candle data and apply as above.

Try plotting Mondays levels using Fridays data on a pair you like and several other pairs and then make a note of what eventuates during Monday.

In the meantime you could also look back over some of last weeks charts from Monday through to Fridays and make a note of what you see.

When price respects levels sit up and take notice and remember to apply chart structure and follow the flow of price across the chart!

Try to do research on your own favorite pair plotting several pivot lines on different TF's meaning NOT only daily but on weekly and monthly!

Do this at least once so you know where the levels come from and then simply apply a 'good' indicator that has the option for daily, weekly and monthly pivots.

ps. when trading on slightly higher TF's I am very fond of monthly pivots because the market pays attention to these.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #394 ---
The PivotLinesINTERBANKv2 indicator calculates the pivots using the following formulas:

Attached Image

The code can be easily changed to different formulas in meta editor (provided you have the .mq4 file) which is why it should be manually checked at least once to make sure it follows the pivot formula that suits you.

Just remember that chart structure and price action should always take priority over a pivot indicator (use them as a guide only NOT a decision making tool)

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #395 ---
I just saw the thread. Subscried. Thank you for starting this thread MasterrMind.  I know your success  from Quantum London thread on Asia session. I am starting to read from beginning now with my poor English  Good luck.

--- 帖子 #396 ---
PIVOT POINTS WITH FIBONACCI RATIOS

Although a general pivot point indicator is sufficient here I will upload one which includes Fibonacci (Fibs) ratios.

I use Fibs in my other trading strategies but they can also play a role in the QAM strategy too.

Attached File(s)   PIVOTS+Fibs.ex4

76 KB
|
429 downloads

Attached File(s)   PIVOTS+Fibs.mq4

19 KB
|
519 downloads

The one uploaded here was coded by Wyatt (full credit to the applicable coder) and includes both MT4 file types.

It contains several inputs including the projection of pivot points into the future and many other features.

EURUSD [M1 Chart]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

EURUSD [H1 Chart]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

It also plots Fib ratios from the previous day that might become useful for zones of confluence.

Zones of Confluence are areas where more than one trading factor line up for example, a fib ratio (61.8%) occurs at a key level of support.

Note that if the current trading window does not appear to be influenced by the larger Fibs then simply ignore them and continue to trade as you would without them.

When Fibs on larger TF's start lining up with Fibs on smaller TF's and also at zones of S+R and pivots then you need to start taking notice by assessing any relevance. These areas of confluence can be great places to take trades from and quite often result in profitable trades.

If you apply the PIVOTS+Fibs indicator to your chart then you should change to a higher TF such as M15, M30 or H1 and set the indicator to plot daily fib ratios and then using the MT4 Fib tool draw from the low to the high or the high to the low on a previous day and check that you are aware of what the Fib ratios actually represent on the chart because its very easy to miss the detail when you drop down to an M1 TF to trade.

This is all about getting as many factors as possible on your side so that your trade has more going for it than against it.

If you find that your chart is becoming too cluttered then either turn off some of the many features or replace it with a standard type pivot indicator.

Good trading,

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #397 ---
Welcome Page and thank you for the kind words ...........

This thread will appear to be quite a long journey for many traders because I go about teaching numerous trading concepts that form part of my overall thinking process when trading with Quantum.

Trading Quantum on a 1K account requires the trader to be much more specific about the levels at which trades are taken and also how much risk per cycle is applied. There is no opportunity to simply allow your 3-7 trades to run into endless DD .... 1K will not handle much pressure!

It is far easier to trade Quantum with a large bank roll .... there is no doubt at all about this ... it is a fact!

Imagine trading 0.01 lots even if you progress the lots like in QLT Method (Mer) on a 50K account compared to a 1K account .... very very different!

The approach to trading QAM strategy has to be taught in smaller building blocks if you like because you can't afford too many mistakes or it will hurt.

This is why I have gone about showing the importance of the following:

1. Know your pair very very well

2. Know its ADR and ATR

3. Know the SL to be applied

4. Know exactly at all times your DD% (use the i-profit_tracker indi or similar)

5. Know PA, support + resistance, pivot points (and now I have introduced Fib ratios)

6. Know about news influences (skip the day or lower the risk% per cycle)

7. Trader discretion (this takes time to learn so its simply a matter of trading tens of hundreds of cycles in a given pair like EURCHF, EURGBP OR EU)

This is certainly not my main style of trading and especially not this type of trading with a small 1K account but I think it can be done provided DD is contained and a steady net weekly% gain can be consistently made.

Challenges are what get the blood moving a little faster so I'm keen to see how far this can go!

Note:

I know the thread is fairly new but I am a bit surprised that not 1 other trader has shown a demo account linked to a TE or a demo account via myfxbook or fxblue etc. Only demo accounts with the main aim being to discuss cycles of trades both good and more importantly the bad!

I'm beginning to wonder if the interest is actually here at all but in either case I'll see if the interest in the thread picks-up by the end of the month.

Good trading,

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #398 ---
WEEK 3 TRADING

More on the EURCHF, EURGBP and EURUSD pairs today and possibly a couple of others.

Don't forget broker server times are moved ahead 1 hour.

Which might mean you will need to alter some of the settings in your indicators.

The Xi-AsianBO indicator will need the start time changed from current value to current + 1, so if it was 2 before now change it to 3 making sure it aligns with Tokyo start time which can easily be checked using the FF Market Tab at the top of the page towards the center.

Note: tomorrow we might take a look at trading QAM on a higher TF (M5, M15) to see how it fits in our trading window.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #399 ---
Tokyo Open

EURCHF [M1]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

price currently resting on top of the pivot!

EURGBP [M1]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

price has risen up and slowed down under the pivot!

EURUSD [M1]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Price currently about 10 pips above the pivot!

Consider the opportunities..........

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #400 ---
Patience needs to be exercised when looking for opportunities.

Just because several Q boxes have been generated doesn't mean you have to trigger entries.

Stop and assess the chart, look at PA across the chart

Where is price with respect to key levels of S+R, pivots, DO line?

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #401 ---
@ starpro

Not sure if you are trading AJ today but thought I'd show you the chart.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

A good 13 pips to the DO line and about 30 pips to the lower trending line!

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #402 ---
EURCHF [M1; 200]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Does the entry look worthwhile?

Masterrmind..........

--- 帖子 #403 ---
AUDJPY [M1; 200]

Price is testing that area right now and if it does not hold then the next main resistance level is a good 60+ pips higher!!!

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #404 ---
Gidday MM, yeh it needs to bounce down here (AJ)  as u say next resist is fair way away  got 2 small losers running ,waiting for confirm downtrend b4 adding ..

--- 帖子 #405 ---
Yes shorts on the AJ at the moment have a degree of risk attached mainly due to prices intent to keep pushing higher and especially after breaking through the previous level.

It did look inviting though but with the next level of resistance so far away if you did enter the trade I would have kept a tight leash on it.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #406 ---
Note that on EURCHF, EURGBP and EURUSD no Quantum boxes have been generated so the analysis refers to PA across the chart and NOT on any immediate entries.

Its always a good idea to have other 'go to' pairs and to be looking at those pairs for possible entries.

This was one reason the AUDJPY pair was being analyzed.

First trading day of the week can be slow on the turtle pairs but not always!

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #407 ---
As an example I have entered 3 shorts on the AJ pair!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Initial SL is more than 35 pips but what I do many times in 'riskier' entries like this one is to consider closing out the trades if they break past the recent swing highs.

In this case I'll close out those shorts if 86.500 does not hold and probably much lower than that price depending on PA.

There is no point using a 35 pip stop in a risky cycle like this one ... the aim is to give price a chance but if it does not comply by holding under a given level then minimize loss by closing them out.

Hint: Does anyone recognize the similarity of this cycle of trades to the ones taken on AJ last week?

What is similar?

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #408 ---
As price shows signs of rolling over tighten up the stops if you wish.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #409 ---
EURGBP [M1; 200]

A long Quantum triggered on one broker but not on the other!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Price had dropped closer to DO line and turned up about 4-5 pips before hitting it.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #410 ---
EURCHF [M1; 200]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #411 ---
Does anyone know of a free charting service similar to NetDania? http://www.netdania.com

They seem to have removed simple chart analysis tools like trend lines in the free version. So, looking for an alternative....

--- 帖子 #412 ---
AUDJPY [M1; 200 - manual]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Price not moving alot at the moment so best to keep monitoring the PA.

SL lowered now total risk on these 3 shorts is about 1.2% of account balance (3% is too much risk in this particular cycle)

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #413 ---
Try Google and you will find what you are looking for .... search Forex and stocks charting.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #414 ---
AUDJPY [M1; 200 - manual]

3 more shorts added.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

PA not currently showing a strong intent to charge higher.

Note that SLs are adjusted with the last 3 entries with SL placed just above the 86.500 level (psychological price level).

Risk per current cycles <= 3%

Keep a close watch on current cycle DD (shown in the chart using the i-profit tracker indicator)

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #415 ---
AUDJPY [M1; 200 - manual]

Risk locked in!

Will allow the trades to run their course.

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #416 ---
AUDJPY [M1; 200 - manual]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Closed out in profit at about 0.8% gain and well before FF Open!

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #417 ---
EURCHF [M1; 200]

PA continued up to the mid R level (from Post # 410)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Form an opinion on where price is likely to go based on multiple trading factors!

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #418 ---
EURGBP [M1; 200 - manual]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

1 small trade on the other demo account but the other demo missed the long trade.

Too late in the session now to think about a short cycle on EURGBP!

Similar case for the EURUSD pair!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #419 ---
Notice of potential change to the start time of the Asian Trading Window

As traders we need to be observant of changing market conditions.

This suggests that a dynamic approach to our trading style is important.

Quantum signals are showing (and have been showing) a tendency to print boxes before Tokyo Open kicks off!

Therefore, a 1 hour (this may also be altered in the future to Tokyo open less 2 hours) earlier start to the Asian trading window will be trialed starting from tomorrow (Tuesday Asian session)

Proposed changes are as follows:

New Start time: Tokyo Open - 1 hour = 2300 GMT
Finish time*: Tokyo Open + 7 hours = 0600 GMT (1 hour before FF Open!)

* the idea is to complete cycles of trades well before FF Open.

Notes on GMT times:

Day starts at 2100 GMT (Sydney Open)

Tokyo Opens at 0000 GMT

Frankfurt Opens at 0700 GMT
London Opens at 0800 GMT
New York Opens at 1200 GMT

If cycles of trades are opened earlier they might also have a chance of closing sooner but in any case there is more time to manage the trades!

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #420 ---
I for one have never been able to reconcile open times ,, every bloody provider has different times it seems ...... wish evreyone would just use "local times" ...providers have alot to answer for regarding confusing "terminolgy" and Times ....IMO ......  AND that will change AGAIN when daylight savings finishes in eastern Australia ....

--- 帖子 #421 ---
Yes that's right!

That's why I used GMT time so it can be referenced otherwise imagine how many time zones I would have to cater for to cover all the traders in the world who frequent FF Forum.

The continual cycle of changing day light savings time is a pain I agree but we just need to adapt to it.

ps. Usually the brokers email clients with a change in server time so I never really have a problem except for the extra work involved of resetting everything that needs to be reset ........ hmmm!

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #422 ---
@ starpro .......

If you held onto your AJ shorts today you would have done quite well.

Depending on when you exited the cycle of course.

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #423 ---
I dont trade (or try not too) lower time frames so my cycles are a lot longer , position size is in line with a/c size , but lack of discipline lets me down BUT I can weather the storm and fight back when I see trend confirmed ... something I need to work on ...

--- 帖子 #424 ---
The magical art of getting out at the right moment!

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #425 ---
Tokyo Open - 1 hour start

EURCHF [M1; 200] and EURGBP [M1; 200]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

A few Q boxes generated in the hour prior but price is too close to the DO line at present.

Observation time waiting for a 'better' entry.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #426 ---
EURGBP [M1; 200]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Price is showing some intent to move higher.

Observe PA and ask yourself where might price be headed?

Where would an opportunity be likely to get into a cycle of trades?

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #427 ---
EURGBP [M1; 200 - manual]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

6 shorts in play on PA hesitation to drive higher (noticeable slowdown in momentum to the upside)

Total risk applied = about 2.2% (leaving close to 0.8% additional for extra trades if desired)

TP's are staggered some closer to the DO line whilst the majority are closer to the lower 200 trending line.

Note:

Tokyo Open in about 30 minutes so be on the look out for renewed energy in PA.

Monitor the cycle of trades and if the surge continues upwards do not be afraid to close out up to half the cycle of trades because you can always re-enter later based on further chart analysis.

Initially though keep monitoring what price does closer to the longer term resistance level (orange-red band higher up the chart)

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #428 ---
Increases to risk% per cycle (starting next week)

Maximum risk per cycle of trades is currently @ 3%.

Next week we'll look at 5% and then 10%risk per cycle.

This will need to be handled slightly different to the 3% per cycle but not too differently.

The idea here is to start with a higher risk% per cycle but to reduce that risk as trading continues.

Additional higher lot size entries will also be applied to boost net% gain.

This will all be outlined with examples both good and some bad next week.

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #429 ---
Important:

If your cycle of trades are net positive prior to Tokyo Open and PA looks intent to drive up higher (ie potentially create additional DD on the cycle) then consider closing out the cycle (net positive).

Re-entry is always possible later after PA across the chart has been analyzed.

Feel free to use 0.01 lots or 0.02 lots per entry as you wish however do not exceed the assigned 3% risk per cycle of trades at this stage!

Masterrmind............ :nerd:

--- 帖子 #430 ---
EURGBP [M1; 200 - manual]

Situation at Tokyo Open is as follows:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Note: Ignore the blue start line it should read "Tokyo Open - 1 hour".

This has now been fixed in the indicator.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #431 ---
EURCHF [M1; 200]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Long Quantum boxes generated.

Ask yourself is it worth going long?

How many pips away from the next level is price?

Is your assigned risk% currently tied up in another cycle? If so then no entry!

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #432 ---
EURGBP [M1; 200 - manual]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Running slowly but nicely!

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #433 ---
Correcting the Start and finish lines........

Blue start line as below but note you will need to be aware of your broker time.

Trading window remains as a 7 hour time slot but will finish 1 hour before FF Open.

The broker shown below uses GMT+3 hours.

Attached Image

Masterrmind..........

--- 帖子 #434 ---
EURGBP [M1; 200 - manual]

Current positions.........

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #435 ---
EURGBP [M1; 200 - manual]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

PA up inside the longer term resistance level and bearish intent shown but monitor the action closely!

Masterrmind........

--- 帖子 #436 ---
So far the QAM strategy has only looked at single pair cycles of trades with an assigned risk% per cycle.

Later next week the concept of applying Quantum to multiple pairs at the same time will be outlined.

If the material covered in this thread is not fully understood up to this point then please do not attempt to trade multiple pairs under an assigned maximum risk%.

Multiple pairs traded at the same time need to be managed and monitored and this requires plenty of focus on the part of the trader.

QAM multi-pairs (QAM-M) strategy will be traded however not in any great detail because it is far more important to understand how to trade 1 pair before you start trading 1,2,3 or more pairs at a time.

Masterrmind.......... :nerd:

--- 帖子 #437 ---
EURGBP [M1; 200 - manual]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Monitoring and managing open cycle.

Less than 30 minutes out from FF Open so SL tightened a little but still above the next resistance level (dashed red line is mid R level).

This reduces overall risk on the cycle (marginally at this stage) in case price spikes up higher.

If price continues down lower than the entry level then the SLs will be tightened again.

For example, if price drops another 7 pips then I'll adjust SLs down to about the 77.900 level.

At this stage the level at which TPs are set is not that important provided it remains very low down because once price drops below entry plus some pips then I will want to trail the trades and eventually get stopped out.

The SLs control trades NOT the TPs unless PA shows a clear sign to head back up after some profit has shown in which case a few trades could be closed out in profit.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #438 ---
EURGBP [M1; 200 - manual]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

TPs moved down just above longer term support.

This is another example of how cycles can be managed once FF Open draws nearer.

If PA showed very rapid bullish intent, consider closing out a few trades either at current level or closer to a level of resistance.

Notice the pivot (blue thick line) between current price and longer term support.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #439 ---
FF Open just started so now is the time you need to be paying extra attention to your cycles of trades!

I know if price runs against me that my loss is now <3% because SLs have all been reduced.

Note: If negative slip occurs at the SL levels then it will work against you by adding to your loss.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #440 ---
I need to leave the platform very soon so the positions will be allowed to continue without me present (this is NOT recommended!)

Before I leave however, I will further reduce all SLs to just above the current highs of the day which means close to the 77.900 level.

SLs now adjusted to about the 77.900 level (just above the highs of the day)

TPs remain down deep near the longer term support zone outlined earlier.

An alternative TP level would be within the PA range of the current day (just above 77.590)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Notice that I am not concerned (but very aware) about the blue Quantum boxes recently generated..... why not?

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #441 ---
Going well MM, AJ performimg ok for me too, undisciplined losses  ITM ,,, been out so missed some oppos ,, no matter ... ...SP

--- 帖子 #442 ---
EURGBP [M1; 200  manual]

Cycle taken out!

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #443 ---
Pleased to hear it.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #444 ---
EURGBP [M1; 200 - manual]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Questions:

What lessons can be learned from this cycle that closed out in loss?

Could the cycle have been avoided?

Could it have been managed better?

Any news floating around that could have indicated strength in the Euro?

What about the risk? Was risk per cycle managed well throughout or were there a number of errors?

What about previous cycles similar to this one?

Can you identify a number of mistakes and offer an alternative solution?

Masterrmind........... :nerd:

--- 帖子 #445 ---
MM ,does it help to take a look at an HRLy chart just to identify the overall trend? say have a small extra window with simple direction to refer too,just IMO any trade against overall trend is hard to win , maybe even a simple line chart ? then search for higher grade trades in the cycles?

--- 帖子 #446 ---
Hi starpro,

The following EURGBP chart shows M1 TF but with hourly candles (M-candle) overlay so its easy to see the hourly trend.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The question is how would you propose to deal with cycles of trades such as:

a) not entering trades due to hourly trend (what criteria would be applied that stops entries on Quantum boxes due to hourly trend)

b) if you were currently in a cycle of trades what criteria would you apply to exit the cycle of trades and avoid a huge DD scenario.

You have raised some interesting ideas I'd like to know more....

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #447 ---
What about the current and continued weakness of the GBP!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Putting it simply would it have made any sense to be looking to short the EURGBP on continued red Quantum signal boxes?

Would it not make more sense to be looking for blue Quantum boxes?

The downside of course was that no blue boxes generated until after the trading window time had elapsed!

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #448 ---
I really shouldnt comment , I have no idea how EG behaves,and I cannot grasp 1 minute trading ,or even 5 minute , I really liked the idea of only trading the Asian session. Maybe a red Q box should be deleted if another is formed within a certain criteria, I just dont know the answer .... cheers SP

--- 帖子 #449 ---
The other issue on an M1 TF given say a Quantum value of 200 or similar getting into a strong long trend will very likely end early if you rely on a red Quantum signal as an exit plan because the red exit box comes far too early in the trend resulting in far less profit.

Trailing your stop from a distance needs to be considered or using a higher position size when exiting early.

Higher time frames such as M15, M30 and H1 don't suffer as much.

I trade higher TFs using Quantum such as GU [H1] and the exit appears far less of an issue due to the massive pips obtained.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #450 ---
WEDNESDAY TOKYO - 1 HOUR START

News floating around today:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

EURCHF [M1; 200]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

EURGBP [M1; 200]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

EURUSD [M1; 200]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Majors:

GBPUSD [H1 Chart]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

USDCHF [H1 Chart]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #451 ---
EURCHF:

no clear direction longer term trend shows consolidation and trading ranges on the USDCHF major have reduced considerably over the past few days.

EURGBP:

still showing strength to the upside and continued GBP weakness (shown on the GBPUSD H1 chart as a longer term pullback) suggests that long cycles should gain more attention than short cycles (does not imply that shorts cannot be traded but if they are they should be closely monitored and look at taking smaller TPs).

plenty of GBP news out later today.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #452 ---
EURGBP [M1; 200]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Very tight trading range at present but at the moment only interested in long cycles unless dramatic PA occurs.

Although the blue Quantum boxes were generated just prior to start time its always useful to use them as a guide and consider entries especially if PA tests the lows again and holds.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #453 ---
EURCHF [M1; 200]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

1 long cycle to the DO line!

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #454 ---
EURGBP [M1; 200]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

1 long cycle to the DO line?

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #455 ---
Following longer term trend what you would now do is to reject the short cycle on the EURGBP pair and monitor PA closer to the next resistance level.

The better setup would then be to wait for price to drop (if it does) generate a new long cycle and look at an opportunity to enter.

Note: if the short cycle was taken understand that it might involve some additional risk and therefore monitor the trades closely and close them out for an assumed smaller profit.

Masterrmind........... :nerd:

--- 帖子 #456 ---
For those also watching the EURCHF pair you will now notice that price has retraced down to the pivot.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Also close to the 200 trending line for a potential new long cycle.

Look to long the EURCHF if the pips are worth it and the spread is not too high.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #457 ---
EURCHF [M1; 200 - manual]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

3 longs entered

Aware that spread is nasty >2 pips.

Look where the entries get placed with a 2 pip spread considering also that I do wait for price to show some intent to go higher.

Not really ideal but if the spread was say 0.1 like it is on the EURUSD then the setup looks far more enticing.

Note: due to risk only 3 trades at 0.01 lots are placed with a stop of close to 30 pips!

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #458 ---
Back later have to go out temporarily so I'll let that cycle run (also not preferred)

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #459 ---
EURCHF [M1; 200 - manual]

3 long winners.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Small but effective cycle!

Spread not so favorable!

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #460 ---
Volatile pair [GBPAUD example]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Note:

Do not trade this pair until you have a really good grip on the strategy.

The initial global SL needs to be determined as outlined meaning that the number of entries per cycle is likely to be far less than for a turtle pair.

Trading it with a 1K account maybe 1 entry if at all.

Larger account - different story all together!

Masterrmind..............

--- 帖子 #461 ---
GBPAUD example

Important points also include the following:

1. look at the range in pips on the blue Quantum boxes looking to go long? about 40 pips and many Q boxes!

2. look at the range in pips on the red Quantum boxes looking to go short? much smaller at about 5 pips!

Many Q boxes is not always the danger what is the danger is a large range in those Q boxes because it is increasing DD!

Remember we are trying to control as much as possible the DD and the risk!

These are factors that require our attention in future cycles of trades.

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #462 ---
EURGBP [M1; 200] - example

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

As was shown in the GA pair earlier so too is a similar case in the EG pair and note that the impact on trading the turtle pair is far less than trading the volatile pair .....

Remember our focus was to go long on the EURGBP pair.

Think about taking a trade on the 1st Q box of either pair (consider only 1 pair at a time but include a short and a long cycle) on long and short trades and notice the additional DD you incurred?

What do you notice about the pip ranges in the long cycles compared to the short cycles?

Which would you choose to trade?

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #463 ---
What about another volatile pair in EURAUD [M1; 200]?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

What do you notice here?

Masterrmind............ :nerd:

--- 帖子 #464 ---
Maybe this helps!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #465 ---
EA is way too flat for me to even attempt to make pips .....  and its not 1 I usually do so wouldnt even look at it ....

--- 帖子 #466 ---
why dont some of the 14 traders watching now come on in and ask some questions .... questions lead to answers .....

--- 帖子 #467 ---
Yes the EA trend on the H1 TF shows no obvious trend.

Now notice what happens in the Q box ranges for both a long and a short cycle .... noticeably wider?

So what we would do is simply consider other more appropriate pairs with some trend in place and take cycles in the same direction.

Cycles in the opposite direction would certainly be possible but we'd need to realize that the risk could be a lot higher and therefore if we traded it we would reduce total applied risk.

If you analyze enough pairs what you would do is choice a cycle that offers the better odds!

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #468 ---
Perhaps they seek a red/blue trigger system!

The QAM system is no such method and was not meant to be!

ps. thanks for the gentle nudge starpro.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #469 ---
@ starpro.....

Check out the AJ pair as regards to the Aussie strength shown lately against the yen.

Look at the long and short cycles and the difference in DD.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Long cycle ..... a great cycle (minimal DD even if you took the 1st blue signal box).

Look at the DO line on the long cycle price didn't even hesitate at that level, the trend had the power to the up side ... clear as a bell!

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #470 ---
TREND MAIN POINTS

1. if we know the general direction of the pair then it makes sense to look for cycles in the same direction

2. cycles can be taken in the opposite direction to trend but risk is likely to be greater and DD might increase

3. if there is no reasonably clear trend on higher TF's then look for alternative pairs to trade

4. turtle pairs can be an exception to rule #2 due to lower trading ranges but getting caught in a large DD can and does occur

5. cycles against an ensuring trend on the major or volatile pairs need to be carefully analyzed since trading ranges are significantly larger

Good trading,

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #471 ---
Trading from an M15 Chart

For those traders who prefer to trade on a higher time frame the M15 chart is a good example.

There are a number of important differences though that need to be considered.

Closing out cycles may require more focus on the level rather than the next Quantum box.

In other words as soon as a new Quantum box is printed once a newer high or a newer low is exceeded by price you will need to monitor the movement of this candle because in certain circumstances price can move a considerable distance in 15 minutes compared to 1 minute!

It would be a good idea to watch several Quantum boxes being generated on an M15 chart to see this process unfold.

Another point to make is that usually far fewer Quantum boxes get generated compared to an M1 TF so position sizing based on fewer trade entries will need to be investigated.

EURCHF [M15; 10]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

EURGBP [M15; 10]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #472 ---
Here is a template for the M15 TF (less M-Candles indicator)

Attached File(s)   QAM-M15.tpl

209 KB
|
415 downloads

Note: If you want candle overlay then simply add in M-Candles indicator to your template and save it!

The overlay of a higher TF candle does tend to make the chart look a little busy though but that's just my opinion.

Too busy for H1 candle overlay on an M15 chart but you be the decider!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #473 ---
Less is more ...

--- 帖子 #474 ---
Yes certainly agree!

What you want is just enough information on your chart but not too much.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #475 ---
pm there

--- 帖子 #476 ---
Read and responded!

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #477 ---
Thursday session Tokyo open - 1 hour start

EURCHF [M1; 200] and EURGBP [M1; 200]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

EURCHF [M15; 10] and EURGBP [M15; 10]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Look into trading QAM from both TFs and then eventually settle on one or the other.

Its also possible to trade from both TFs however in the early stages this is not recommended (choose 1 or the other).

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #478 ---
I'll be starting the session a little later today.

Look at the major pairs involved and attempt to identify overall trend bias then consider cycles in the SAME direction.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #479 ---
Be very aware of news events that may directly or indirectly influence your cycles of trades.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

If deemed too risky then resist the urge to trade or trade with lower total risk% per cycle eg 1% instead of 3%.

Masterrmind........... :nerd:

--- 帖子 #480 ---
EURCHF [M15; 10]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

long cycle being generated (2 Q boxes)

monitor and look for an entry

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #481 ---
EURCHF [M15; 10]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

2 LONGS @ 0.01 lots each to test the waters and as an example on the M15 TF.

Note: awareness of CHF news floating around today so apply reduced risk!

Spread not so friendly either!

By now you should all be well aware that you can expect a red Quantum box to be produced somewhere near the upper red trending line and therefore place your TP accordingly.

In a known strong trend situation then it would be wiser to keep the TP very wide and trail your stop and price advances.

Not all trading cycles are the same!

Masterrmind........

--- 帖子 #482 ---
Example

EURGBP [M15; 10] - the other broker account.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

1 LONG entry @ 0.02 lots

Note price has dropped lower so another Quantum box has been generated.

Now less than 11 minutes or so until the M15 candle closes so what you need to try and do is wait and attempt to get into the trade as low down as possible.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #483 ---
EURGBP [M15; 10] - other broker

Ok so price is starting to move back up (this could change) so I enter another long @ 0.02 lots

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #484 ---
EURGBP [M15; 10]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The bigger picture showing initial TP and SL locations.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #485 ---
Additional long entry on EURCHF.

Should have been entered sooner ie at a lower price but trading from 2 brokers and posting multiple charts obviously produces a delay on my part!

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #486 ---
Both brokers..........

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

As trades progress keep managing the entries and depending on the situation SLs and/or TPs may need to be modified based on PA!

This is a trade monitoring and managing system NOT a set and forget system!

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #487 ---
Most traders will notice a far more relaxed feeling when trading QAM strategy on an M15 chart compared to an M1 chart.

M15 produces far fewer Quantum boxes since only 1 box will be produced as a maximum every 15 minutes.

M1 on the other hand can theoretically keep producing a Q box every 60 seconds or so under favorable conditions.

I trade multiple pairs from multiple time frames and with plenty of practice any trader will be able to do the same.

The trader's discretionary ability will usually be the only difference!

That is to say:

1. To open or not to open a cycle in the same direction of the longer term general trend

2. To trade Pair A over Pair B

3. Monitoring trades from start to finish

4. Managing the cycles effectively (altering SLs and TPs when necessary)

5. Closing out risky cycles sooner rather than later

6. Keep some cycles running while closing out others (more on this when we start trading multiple pairs at the same time)

7. Market awareness (news etc)

8. Risk distribution for a given cycle on a given pair

9. Ability to NEVER exceed the maximum assigned risk% per cycle per brokerage account

10. other factors.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #488 ---
Watch PA close to the pivot....

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Any sign of price wanting to reverse on the trades consider closing out in profit.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #489 ---
2 longs on EURGBP [M15; 10] closed out just under the pivot.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

If price drops down lower then long entries can be considered again.

Profit is profit.

Masterrmind.........

--- 帖子 #490 ---
Now onto the other broker for the EURCHF [M15; 10] chart.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

No obvious obstacles on the chart between current price and TP

So just let them keep running.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #491 ---
EURGBP [M15; 10] - possible short but not taken.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Very close to entering a short but decided against it based on limited number of pips down to the pivot.

Taking the short here would be ok provided it is closely monitored.

Notice price almost triggers a short Quantum box but not quite...... sometimes a decision needs to be made to short close to a potential triggered Quantum box or not!

The danger in taking the short here is a possible bounce up!

Price could carry on back down but we do not know this in advance so a decision needs to be made.

If a short was to be taken then consider using 0.01 lots here instead of 0.02 (think about risk!)

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #492 ---
EURCHF [M15; 10 - manual]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

On this cycle I have moved the TPs higher up to just under next resistance level.

This is not because I think price will necessarily travel that high (if it does I'm happy) but its because I see PA moving up above where my original TPs were placed and so I adjusted them.

By monitoring the trades closely I can close them out as soon as I'm happy with current price or profit etc.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #493 ---
EURCHF [M15; 10 - manual]

Patiently watching PA but its clear that price has no immediate intention to drive up higher.

Decided to close out the 3 longs for a small profit.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #494 ---
AUDJPY [M15; 10]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Longs ???

Patiently watching PA as the bears have control at the moment printing out big red candles!

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #495 ---
AUDJPY [M15; 10 - manual]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Aggressive long 1 trade @ 0.02 lots.

If the nearest lower level does not hold price I'll be out of the trade in a flash!

Will be closely monitored.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #496 ---
AUDJPY [M15; 10 - manual]

another long added .......

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #497 ---
Price now at the 85.000 level.

If no bulls come to the party this 'late' cycle is gone!

Total risk on the cycle is <3% of account balance.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #498 ---
AUDJPY [M15; 10 - manual]

Current positions!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Risk known and no urgent need to tighten SLs as current level is 'good'.

Closer to FF Open SL can be tightened up if deemed necessary!

TPs moved up closer to recent highs.

Once again a late cycle on a small 1K account is proving to be a challenge since this cycle could go either way.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #499 ---
As price moves up another long is added to the cycle but with a much tighter SL just below the DO line keeping in mind that total risk does not exceed 3% per cycle!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Aware that price could reverse back down from the next level up!

One option is to take some profit out of this last entry if price makes it up to the next higher level especially if a reversal looks likely!

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #500 ---
been out , missed that signal , 85.400 looks likely ,maybe ,maybe not ,,, but its anice BRN

--- 帖子 #501 ---
Price is currently pushing back up nicely on AJ and the cycle is now net positive.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Tempting to close out the last trade with the biggest gain but I'll resist for now and keep monitoring PA.

If TP's get taken out as they currently stand on the chart the net gain is up close to 3% and if price doesn't drop back down to retest the lows then DD was well under this %......

However, there are signs of potential danger (reversal tendencies) at the current level (85.320 area)

If price shows an intention to drop I'll close out the most recent trade.

If price makes it up into the orange/reddish colored zone it will be tempting to close out a few trades.

Lets see!

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #502 ---
Unfortunately I have to go out now......

Decided to close out 1 trade and allow the other 3 to run!

Will return later....

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #503 ---
AUDJPY [M15; 10 - manual]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Price still sitting in the 85.30 to 40 zone.

Although price could drop down a bit I'm still expecting price to head back up to higher levels.

At this stage still monitoring the cycle (now that I'm back) and see no need at all to reduce current SLs.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #504 ---
All stops in profit I presume now ..  Im not on it , I dont chase missed signals

--- 帖子 #505 ---
Nope all stops still down near the 84.800 level well below the DO line.

If I miss a signal I analyze the chart, consider what price has been doing and will certainly enter a trade if it looks worthwhile.

This is especially true if the 1st Quantum blue box has been generated on a long cycle and I think price will push down lower then I'll enter well after the 1st signal.

It depends alot on the situation and sometimes as you say its not worth chasing price.

I should also mention that if the trend continues down with some strength and opens multiple Q boxes then usually on larger TFs and bigger pip ranges I will place pending orders (such as Buy Stops for long cycles and Sell Stops for short cycles) so that I get into trades when price has reversed.

I haven't really covered these types of orders in any great detail but I will ata later and more appropriate time.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #506 ---
Now that we are entering sessions that provide larger pip opportunities I have increased the TP levels to the next higher zone.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Provided price does not test my SL level the trades will be given every opportunity to reach higher profit levels (price willing ofcourse).

Current risk on the cycle is about 2.7%.

If price breaks up past these recent highs say around the 85.400 level then I will reduce risk further on the cycle by placing the stops just shy of the DO line (buffer of 5-10 pips)

The alternative is to close out the current cycle now at close to BE .... I choose to let it run further!

Masterrmind............ :nerd:

--- 帖子 #507 ---
AUDJPY [M15 Chart]

Zoomed out!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Note that the TPs have been moved higher but they remain inside the previous weeks highs!

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #508 ---
The AJ cycle is no longer considered an Asian session cycle.

Now it has become a London session cycle and needs to be managed differently.

It has moved from a very short term cycle to potentially a longer term cycle based on PA.

An awareness of different trading sessions now becomes far more important!

The trader holds the power to terminate the cycle whenever he/she chooses.

Masterrmind......... :nerd:

--- 帖子 #509 ---
AJ

Cycle taken out just below DO line!

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #510 ---
thats why I like to set SL @ BE+ once im ITM Im a bit of a wimp . I set TS once im decent profit position

--- 帖子 #511 ---
Exactly right! [Not the wimp part though ... ha ha]

AUDJPY [M15; 10 - manual]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Questions to consider in this AJ example:

1. List the good things about this cycle?

2. What was done well?

3. What was done not so well?

4. What other errors were in trading this cycle?

5. What was the critical trading error?

Masterrmind.......... :nerd:

--- 帖子 #512 ---
all 3 got taken., 100ticks too close , ..

--- 帖子 #513 ---
once u got the qbox high TS or profit stop should have been put in  placce IMO

--- 帖子 #514 ---
1. It bounced off DO

2. you took profit on some

3.you didnt set s/l once u were itm

4. you didnt react to the red Qbox

5.   What was the overall trend ?

--- 帖子 #515 ---
I'll start!

1. List the good things about this cycle?

Trade management in general appeared to be good

SL + TP levels well considered for the Asian session (really??)

Attempted to wait a little before entering trades (really??)

Awareness of news floating around (but was it considered throughout the life of the cycle??)

.......

.......

.......

just a start ..........

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #516 ---
TS gave me profit on those 3 MM, and it shot back up in an instant

--- 帖子 #517 ---
Excellent starpro ... great start!

But there are many more ...

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #518 ---
Did I outline my global SL for the cycles anywhere so that I would at least have some idea of what range to expect .... ?

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #519 ---
Ill have to reread the whole lot from page 1 , the cycles ideas blows my brain capacity .....

--- 帖子 #520 ---
Don't worry I'll outline everything in time just waiting on some input from the masses .....

Look at this for entry timing:

Attached Image

Notice the first 3 entries and then look at the 4th entry I made!

What about entry from at least the first bullish candle after a series of reds... hope that helps!

Masterrmind..........

--- 帖子 #521 ---
Ill leave you to the countertrend trading...its just not for me, any countertrend trades I do are just through stupidity and greed...

--- 帖子 #522 ---
A few more ......

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Late entry at the end of the session (obvious one)

Failing to close out the cycle when given plenty of chances at the R1 level.

Masterrmind.........

--- 帖子 #523 ---
notice also spinning top straight after the Qbox .....  (easy as AFTER the event )

--- 帖子 #524 ---
It doesn't have to be all counter trend.

When there is a clear trend on higher TFs take cycles in the same direction.

GBP related pairs are a great example recently with all the GBP weakness of late.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #525 ---
OK its "goodnight from me , and goodnight from him" its too late for me to be finding deals ...Good Fortune All  (altho I rekn there is a short on EJ 15min)  doji reversal perhaps

--- 帖子 #526 ---
Its a continual learning process that never ever stops.

The Q box was a major error in not exiting the cycle which is easy to notice even trading live.

I'm not expecting everyone to notice the rotation in price (signalling strong bearish intent) but you've noticed it.

The chart leaves many clues as to its intention but it is our job as alert traders to take notice and take the right action.

Masterrmind..........

--- 帖子 #527 ---
Goodnight starpro .........

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #528 ---
Look at EJ...... still loves going higher at the moment.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Bullish intent to go long

Bearish intent to go short

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #529 ---
Now look at shorting it with a 30 pip stop and a 30-50 pip TP

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Keep a close watch on PA at key levels on the way down.....

Tighten up your stop as the trade progresses......

Any major sign of bullish intent such as a reversal up consider closing it out early (PA based)

Not a pair I usually trade but all the best whoever decides to short it.......

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #530 ---
FRIDAY TOKYO OPEN - 1 HOUR

EURCHF [M1; 200] and EURGBP [M1; 200]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

EURCHF [M15; 10] and EURGBP [M15; 10]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Try to start putting everything together now that's been covered in previous examples in an attempt to make better cycles.

Choose M1 or M15 TF only

Zoom out and have a general look at the pair

Consider related majors CHF, EUR, GBP and USA

News related impacts (FF calendar, bloomberg, reuters etc)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

If a longer term trend is evident take cycles in the same direction (if no obvious trend then know your risk)

Think clearly about a potential cycle.

Note: post your charts!

I'll be back in a few hours so I'll miss most of the start.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #531 ---
Gidday MM, you seem to get a lot more traders looking in in our night time , hope you can get some more trading this time of day

--- 帖子 #532 ---
OK here goes ....  EJ 15min chart, sorry not much like your charts, "trailing stop" set @50 till it kicks in then I alter it to 75 . will add on IF it looks strong enough, see how we go .I entered after little pull back in trend at prev lows , capital is ptotected now with TS    1 min later looks like I may get stopped out

--- 帖子 #533 ---
Yes certainly aware of that and many who live in other time zones will peruse the material at their leisure which could be at any time of the day or night.

Masterrmind.........

--- 帖子 #534 ---
Whats your approximate risk on this trade?

Masterrmind.........

--- 帖子 #535 ---
was looking to quit @ last high , but TS took me out , missed the big drop ... had it right just too conservative

--- 帖子 #536 ---
EURCHF [M15; 10] and EURGBP [M15; 10]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Which pair do you trade?

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #537 ---
EURGBP [M15; 10]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

EURCHF [M15; 10]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

EG has lower spread than EURCHF but is that a criteria for rejecting it over EG?

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #538 ---
I zoom out ,,, EG is too flat for me to try and get wins atm

--- 帖子 #539 ---
have a look at hrly , there is no way I can make money in sideways market so Ill just wait it out  sorry posted wrong pic

--- 帖子 #540 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #541 ---
Majors (some)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Be careful how you go about judging weakness or strength in a base or counter currency!

Try to extract whats relevant now for the pair you choose to trade!

Masterrmind........... :nerd:

--- 帖子 #542 ---
EURGBP - shorts but only 4 pips or so to the DO line.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Is it worth trading?

Masterrmind..........

--- 帖子 #543 ---
Using M1 and M15 charts in tandem

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Avoids multiple entries

M1 producing many Q boxes

M15 just the 1 box at the moment

Why not wait for an M15 candle to close..... ??

Where might price be headed?

Pivot about 20 pips higher but no guarantee price will make it......

So what should we do?

Masterrmind..........

--- 帖子 #544 ---
Q boxes what are they trying to show you?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Think about bullish and bearish intent of PA!

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #545 ---
interesting strategy...

am tempted to think...the Quantum indicator is a variant of donchain channel  or even bband ...

ever considered scalping oppositte? scalp short at the blue dots and scalp long at the red dots?

--- 帖子 #546 ---
Absolutely yes especially in the Asian session.

The way I do that is to scalp at a much higher lot size (smaller SL attached)

These become the trades in between the main cycle.

Note: I haven't covered that part of the strategy yet its still to come but thank you for mentioning it.

This is 1 technique I apply to 'boost' net% gain!

Masterrmind..........

--- 帖子 #547 ---
Ive actually thought of putting "pending" orders to catch the Q box levels when the price actaully reverses also .....eliminate DD but still be in at that price if it gets there

--- 帖子 #548 ---
Yes!

Wait for Q boxes to get printed out and say for a potential short cycle as price continues UP start entering pending sell stops starting from the 1st entry.

Definitely apply this type of approach because you want to start opening orders as price heads back down.

In fact as an example that's what I started doing for the 10 shorts taken on EURGBP [M1; 200] chart.

What I did is wait for multiple Q boxes to be printed which on my EG [M1] chart was 8 then watched price drop a little and then up price went to test the highs again and printed out another 2 boxes or so.

The trouble with doing this on an M1 TF is if price starts reversing down quickly you won't have enough time to apply the sell stops using MT4 so what you need is a script with hot keys to get the trades out fast.

This time though I did it manually (to discuss this later regarding timing of entries etc and use of a script) started running out of time when you enter SLs and TPs and so the entries were then made by single click with SL and TPs entered shortly after (not a wise practice for several reasons).

Masterrmind..............

--- 帖子 #549 ---
was just penning a reply along the same lines ...  just find a signal that the alert says "Im the top Q box "

--- 帖子 #550 ---
Wouldn't that be great!

No such luck I'm afraid its all hard work ahead!

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #551 ---
Volatile pair example

EURAUD [M15; 10]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Wait for bearish intent then consider if entry is ok.

Looking for 1-2 entries at the most.

Wait for completion of current candle and then we want to see the next candle bearish!

So the entry is not likely until at least 20 minutes or more.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #552 ---
ok for young and old what do you class/define "bearish intent' as?

--- 帖子 #553 ---
I woulod clas this pin bar candle as bearish intent IF the current candle closes below the pinbar candle  EG 15 min

--- 帖子 #554 ---
MUST STOP trying to create shorting opportunities in a RISING market ,,,, stoopid ....

--- 帖子 #555 ---
Signs of weakness in the bulls (if trading from an M15 chart drop down to an M1 chart and look for weakness of price to move higher .... a breakdown in bull strength)

Also look for signs of rotation in price action to the downside .... the initial stages of this comprise a bearish candle typically more than 50% close down of the previous bullish candle on an M15 TF (it is relative to the chart though)

For example,

1. large bullish candle

2. followed by slightly shorter bullish candle

3. followed by an even smaller bullish candle

4. etc

5. etc

6. then a doji or a pin bar or a bearish engulfing candle.

Clear indication on the chart that the bulls are struggling to push price higher and that the bears are showing some form of strength.

Look at momentum and the timing of the bulls to drive price up and any visually obvious signs that momentum has slowed down followed by a bearish candle.

Note: I'll upload a typical example on the EA pair as I'm following it now live if it produces what I'm hoping it will!

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #556 ---
explinations like that SHOULD be enormous help to everyone that dosent quite grasp the meaning ...

--- 帖子 #557 ---
Once I post a chart it will be very clear!

As an aside note - EURAUD Chart: if the next candle forms as a bearish candle and closes very close to the DO line I most likely would not enter the trade ... I would wait until the next candle forms!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Since we are wanting a bearish candle this will force price down closer to the DO line so the timing of the entry is not quite to our advantage.

Price currently is less than 10 pips to the DO line!

You always need to put everything you analyze into context ... ask yourself does it make sense to enter a trade in this space in this time period!

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #558 ---
EA gave excellent Qbox signal bout 4hrs ago , 2 boxes (60 setting)

--- 帖子 #559 ---
The indecision candle does not tell us anything about bearish intent!

It simply suggests that the strength of the bulls to the upside has diminished over the last candle period (it does not mean the bulls have given up!).

This is why it can be a TRAP for young players or those less informed.

Monitor further and wait for a sign from the bears as to their intention!

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #560 ---
Sure did and as you know this is a pair I regularly trade but did not take those trades.

Too busy posting to the thread .. ha ha!

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #561 ---
SNAP thats what I meant about chasing after a signal , someone talks to you for 1 minute or 2 and the moment is passed  Im hoping (bad word)  EG goes on with short now   once 50tick Ts kicks in Ill move it out to 75/100

--- 帖子 #562 ---
Look where the bearish candle completed!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

No entry for me!

Masterrmind..........

--- 帖子 #563 ---
a red OPEn below Do should be ok to short  another EG short added now

--- 帖子 #564 ---
When trading turns to live then you need to be very focused and consider everything outlined so far in this thread.

Market common sense goes a long way but there are numerous hidden dangers.

All I attempt to do is to put the probability of winning on my side by considering as many of these factors as possible.

For the times when the market moves contrary to my opinion then I know my applied risk will take care of that problem.

I focus heavily on what I stand to lose more so than what I stand to win.

Managing risk on every trade on every cycle is the aim of this business!

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #565 ---
Time to start thinking about getting out of these example shorts on EURGBP!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

1 long Quantum box has been generated and we all know what happened yesterday when I allowed the trades to run.

Just as a learning exercise I'll allow them to run again and lets see how we might manage them.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #566 ---
EURGBP [M1; 200 - manual]

If price hits the DO line I'll consider closing out half the trades and putting stops at BE on the last 5 entries.

Current price a good 15 pips below the pivot

If price breaks out above 78.300 level I'll close out half the trades and monitor the final 5 entries.

I know the current risk% and the total risk% if the cycle got stopped out at current SL levels but I want to reduce it as soon as it makes sense to do so.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #567 ---
comfortable letting mine run  yet

--- 帖子 #568 ---
EA is moving on a doji too ... got 1 eye on it  another EG short addded

--- 帖子 #569 ---
EURGBP [M1; 200 - manual]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Currently the action is to the down side.

So I can start to tighten the stops now.....

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #570 ---
Stops reduced.

TPs extended.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #571 ---
:nerd:

--- 帖子 #572 ---
Total risk per cycle now half of what it was before!

Masterrmind..........

--- 帖子 #573 ---
Bulls are trying to make a come back .........

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Give it time though no need to rush into closing out trades just yet!

Patience and clear thinking!

Masterrmind..........

--- 帖子 #574 ---
Bears coming alive ......

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

SLs reduced again.

TPs dragged down a bit lower again (no point in limiting profit if the market wants to give it out! ...........

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #575 ---
TS took 2 out

--- 帖子 #576 ---
Price now down near the Do line so monitor PA for any signs of bullish intent and close out half the trades if desired.

If the bears continuing taking price down follow it by shortening stops and extending TPs

Masterrmind..........

--- 帖子 #577 ---
stuff to do ..TS deployed

--- 帖子 #578 ---
No risk now all stops below entries.

The downside of doing this though is being taken out by a small jump up in price.

However, some profit has now been locked in.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #579 ---
EURGBP [M1; 200 -  manual]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Masterrmind.........

--- 帖子 #580 ---
Platform freezes at this stage.... unbelievable!

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #581 ---
EURGBP [M1;200 - manual]

Positive cycle managed start to finish.

SLs tightened a lot but necessary.

Price then bounced up off the DO line and could still keep heading down but time will tell.

Cycle closed out!

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #582 ---
miss out on a bit with TS but protects capital when you cant watch

--- 帖子 #583 ---
Nice work!

Not the most profitable cycle but its the process that's important here!

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #584 ---
yeh, rinse and repeat LOL,,,, CLASSiC pin bar candle on way down , if you could spot 1 of them a day .... WD on your lot

EJ in my sights now ,

--- 帖子 #585 ---
Looking at a possible trade or 2 on the volatile pair EURAUD [M15; 10]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Lets see what PA does and if an entry becomes a reality.

Notes:

This is trading outside the designated Asian trading window so it falls into the Post FF Open into London trading window.

The volatile pairs are best either not traded at all or left for much larger ratios of account balance : position size.

However, if trades are taken it will serve to show significant differences to the turtle pairs.

Masterrmind..........

--- 帖子 #586 ---
Long entry as an example and not at the best location either considering distance to DO line but it will serve as an example nonetheless.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #587 ---
EA

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

20 pips in 17 minutes

Thats the difference!

Small account start with the turtle pairs

Larger account and as your experience grows look at majors and maybe volatiles.

Good trading,

Masterrmind........

--- 帖子 #588 ---
WD

--- 帖子 #589 ---
END OF WEEK 3 BRIEF SUMMARY

Main Points covered include the following:

1. EURCHF, EURGBP and EURUSD pairs used as a basis for entries

2. AUDJPY  pair traded (both AUD and JPY currencies fit with the Asian session so how does this affect the trading?)

3. S+R, Pivots and DO line continued to be used in the chart analysis showing PA behavior near these zones and what to look out for!

4. PA bouncing UP or DOWN from DO line, S+R zones

5. Looking left for signs of chart structure (likely turning points eg AJ pair post# 401)

6. Pip range from current price to nearest level eg DO line, pivot point or S+R zone to determine if trade is worthy (note spread also) ... post#402

7. If next key support or resistance level is greater than global SL think twice about taking trades (might be best to search for a 'better' pair)

8. If a current short cycle shows PA drop then retest recent highs, then break above the highs consider closing some/all trades (refer AJ Post#407. Be very watchful in cases where the next S or R level is many pips away since price may well travel to test this level leading to unwanted DD!

9. Data differs between brokers and sometimes a Quantum box may not be printed. Trades can always be made from levels close to the trending lines if required and if deemed to be good entries (refer Post# 409)

10. Pairs with higher average ADRs can create situations of increased DD so be very aware of this fact!

11. Monitor and manage open cycles on a continual basis

12. Reduce risk as much as possible by reducing SLs the closer to FF Open the trades become

13. Opening cycles late in the Asian trading window has proved again and again to be a dangerous play! Avoid it!

14. Awareness of broker server time changes (DST etc)

15. ATW start time reduced by an hour to Tokyo Open - 1 hour (observe how Q boxes are being generated on the chart, earlier cycle = better cycle)

16. Complete cycles well before FF Open when trading ranges usually increase creating DD issues

17. Zoom out on your chart and have a good look at PA across the chart

18. Trading M1 charts apply 0.01 or 0.02 lots per entry (initially) to make keeping up with Q boxes a little easier (trader preference)

19. NEVER exceed the assigned risk% per cycle (this has been covered many times and will continue to be covered)

20. Thinking process in managing late cycles in trading session (eg tightening SLs and extending TPs) have been outlined exhaustively (master this type of thought process)

21. Questions to ask yourself Post #444 - what was great about your cycle management and what was bad and how can it be improved

22. Introduced alignment with trends of related majors (EU, GU, EChf as examples)

23. If a clear longer term trend is till in force look at taking cycles that align with overall trend

24. Check the news (use FF Calendar as a starting point but progress to live news feeds and also Bloomberg, Reuters, Central Bank speeches etc)

25. Try to be in tune with the market (sometimes this plays only a small part in trading a turtle pair but not always and depends on the timing with bigger moving pairs likely to have larger movements (not always though)!

26. Low and High density clusters of Quantum signal boxes on a chart (eg turtle pair and volatile like EA and GA.... what do they imply?

27. If there is no trend on the related majors what does this imply for the pairs you are trading (eg Post # 464)?

28. Introduced the [M15; 10] TF for those traders who prefer less activity (I do urge entries to be made from an M1 TF to 'pinpoint' a 'better' entry

29. Try tandem charts on the 1 screen (M1 left side, M15 right side etc)

30. Wait for Quantum on an M15 TF, then look for bullish/bearish intent and also PA relevance and levels (Does it make sense to trade here?)

31. Start thinking about which pairs might be 'better' to trade by thinking about the following questions previously outlined in Post # 487 but repeated here for your convenience:

a) To open or not to open a cycle in the same direction of the longer term general trend

b) To trade Pair A over Pair B

c) Monitoring trades from start to finish

d) Managing the cycles effectively (altering SLs and TPs when necessary)

e) Closing out risky cycles sooner rather than later

f) Keep some cycles running while closing out others (more on this when we start trading multiple pairs at the same time)

g) Market awareness (news etc)

h) Risk distribution for a given cycle on a given pair

i) Ability to NEVER exceed the maximum assigned risk% per cycle per brokerage account

j) other factors (will be outlined later).

32. awareness of psychological price levels such as 000's and 50's eg AJ 85.000

33. Use the i-profit tracker indicator attached to your current chart to keep an eye on currently running DD

34. Try to make long entries off a bullish candle and shorts off a bearish candle (not always the case but its good practice refer Post# 521 and 529) but location also needs to be considered since a candle completing at the DO line could literally go either way...bounce back or charge through or hesitate

35. Candlestick patterns (eg reversal) should be known very well (pin bars, doji and several others)
Note: candlestick pattern by itself is not as powerful as confluence of multiple factors concentrating on that same level)

36. turtle pairs for smaller accounts (usually far safer)

37. majors and volatile pairs typically for much larger accounts

38. RISK MANAGEMENT IS THE MOST IMPORTANT CONSIDERATION .... ALWAYS!!!

This covers most of the basics so as we move forward its a good idea to revise the material until its automatic in your thought processes!

Ask questions on any of the material presented as this thread is totally transparent!

Good trading,

Masterrmind..........

--- 帖子 #590 ---
The following i-profit tracker indicators (both ex4 and mq4 file types attached) may prove useful.

Both now and especially later when multiple pairs are traded.

Full acknowledgment to the original coders of all these indicators which are freely available here on the FF forum.

Attached File(s)   i-Profit Tracker-Fixed.ex4

11 KB
|
325 downloads

Attached File(s)   i-Profit Tracker-Fixed.mq4

17 KB
|
384 downloads

Attached File(s)   i-Profit Tracker-Pct mini.ex4

44 KB
|
375 downloads

Attached File(s)   i-Profit Tracker-Pct mini.mq4

14 KB
|
410 downloads

The mini versions are included for those traders who may find use for them however I've never used them.

Please test them out for functionality.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #591 ---
The basic plans for WEEK 4 trading will be posted later tomorrow!

Stay tuned and enjoy the rest of the weekend!

Masterrmind..........

--- 帖子 #592 ---
WEEK 4 TRADING PLAN

Applied risk per cycle increased to 5% with some examples going higher.

Choosing a pair from a group of pairs to open cycles of trades.

Some examples may include the following:

Typically we are after low trading range pairs!

1. AUDJPY

2. AUDNZD

3. AUDUSD

4. CHFJPY

5. EURCHF

6. EURGBP

7. EURJPY

8. EURUSD and

9. NZDJPY

Note: It is a good idea to keep a close watch on the trading ranges of preferred pairs because they may change throughout the course of the year!

An indicator (and there are many) that can be useful as a starting point in looking for suitable pairs to trade is available below:

An example of using 9 pairs is shown in the screenshot (there are 20 currency pair slots that can be used)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image

Attached File(s)   ADR_ ATR_20_Pairs_v3_Sal.ex4

9 KB
|
424 downloads

Note: Only the ex4 version is provided (full acknowledgement to the original coder)

Up to 20 currency pairs can be included but remember it only lists an average daily range (and ATR) so it doesn't show a clear picture of the Asian Trading Window (ATW) ranges and therefore you will need to open the various charts and look further using the Xi-AsianBO indi to compute ATW ranges.

The ADR_ATR_20_Pairs_v3_Sal indicator can be applied to the traded pairs chart or on a separate chart that can be referred too!

There are several dashboards available that include a whole host of data on multiple pairs including ADR, ATR, spread, swap long, swap short, pip movement etc etc but I won't get into this discussion just yet.

If a trader has an informative dashboard they think would be useful for the QAM strategy then please feel free to post a comment.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #593 ---
MONDAY - START OF WEEK 4

Tokyo -1 Start time

EURCHF [M15; 10] and EURGBP [M15; 10]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Also have a look at the 7 other pairs (9 pairs are listed in the post above) to get a feel for other pairs that could be traded.

Monday is usually a slow day (not always) so take the time to analyze the charts.

1. Find a global SL

2. average number of trades per cycle in the ATW period

3. Lot size (keep it at 0.01 or 0.02)

4. PA across the chart (previous, today and current)

5. Distances in pips of current price to S+R, pivots, DO line and other key zones of interest

6. Look at spread and decide not to trade a pair if the current ranges are very small

7. News

8. Make an assessment to trade a pair or nor to trade a pair or to continue to monitor a pair

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #594 ---
I'll be back in about an hour or so due to other business.

In the meantime assess each pair and try to decide on which pair to trade (M1 or M15 TF also needs to be considered)

I'll take a good look at several pairs when I return so if no trades are placed initially do not be worried as this is the learning phase.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #595 ---
EURCHF [M15; 10]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Consider zones of confluence!

Look left and consider the chart structure ..... look at where recent highs are located.

Start putting together multiple trading factors!

Note: Fibonacci Ratios can play a role also so if you need further explanation please comment or I will assume you know how to apply Fibs correctly!

Masterrmind........... :nerd:

--- 帖子 #596 ---
EURGBP [M15; 10]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Zoomed out

Previous trading days Fibs applied

Zones of S+R

Price reversal tendencies

Note: if the chart starts looking too busy then look at 1-2 factors at a time and then put them altogether at the end!

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #597 ---
Sell stops

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Applied on the EURGBP [M15; 10 - manual] chart as examples

If sell stops are applied and price keeps making new highs then its not an issue because what you are trying to do is to wait for price to reverse down and collect your sell stops.

This is another strategy that can be applied.

Wait for several Q boxes ... for example, as price goes up more and more red Q signal boxes will be printed as new highs are created and so you will place pending sell stops close to the Q box price levels and simply wait for price to retrace.

If after several hours price remains high and its getting closer to FF Open then consider canceling these pending orders.

Note also that a pending sell stop was placed on a Q box that formed prior to our trading window start time.

This is completely reasonable but remember to keep a close watch on how close these trades will open to key levels.

It would not make much sense to have a pending sell stop less than 5 or so pips above the DO line unless you plan on scalping the trade quickly for a few pips because a bounce is possible from this level.

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #598 ---
EURCHF [M15; 10]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Watching PA

Price dropped a bit, then went up, then I entered short by 2 entries which would have got me into similar price levels as if I had entered immediately from where the Q boxes first printed.

Waiting for a later entry allows PA to unfold!

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #599 ---
Think about your risk per cycle.

This week we are applying 5% total risk per cycle.

My starting balance today is US$924.67

If I decide to trade @ 0.01 lots per trade how many trades can I apply if my SL is say 35 pips.

For simplicity sake (note the correct exchange rates should be applied or a risk/reward indicator) lets assume 1 pip per 1 lot = US$10

1 trade @ 0.01 at 35 pips (worst case scenario) is about US$3.50

5% of US$924.67 is about US$46.23

Entries is 46.23/3.50 = 13.2 = 13 (choose 10 because we know that 1 lot per pip on EG is more like US$13-14 NOT US$10)

If trading at 0.02 lots per entry then you have about 5 entries total (not more)

Monitor current MT4 account balance especially profit column as you do not want this to exceed 5% of total account balance (US$46.23 in the case of this demo account)

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #600 ---
EURCHF [M15; 10 - manual]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

1 cycle closed out........

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #601 ---
Now that this cycle is closed out you have 5% risk that can be applied to another pair!

Be mindful of where we are currently in the ATW session?

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #602 ---
EURGBP [M15; 10 - manual] pair running on the other demo account start looking at the PA.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Start thinking about whether the current pullback is likely to be deep or shallow.

What is the longer term trend in this pair.

Have you examined related majors for likely strengths or weaknesses in either the EUR or the GBP?

Start forming the best opinions possible of what you expect price to do.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #603 ---
EURGBP [M15; 10 - manual]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Moved sell stops up a little higher but still kept them below the most recent lows so as to catch potentially more pips on the way down.

Note that as price continues to remain at higher levels as time continues the lower blue trending line drifts higher and higher!

Can anyone notice a potential issue with my altered pending sell stops?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Keep managing and monitoring your trades and pending orders!

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #604 ---
Look for obstacles to price on the way down........... Pivot and DO line to name some!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

If price shows a lot of hesitation at either the Pivot or the DO line ... what should we do?

Close some trades out if you wish......

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #605 ---
Closed out all trades except 2.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #606 ---
A few more shorts entered on EG along with the initial 2 from earlier in the ATW session.

Just as a final emphasis on the dangers of entering trades post ATW!

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #607 ---
Current situation for EG post ATW session

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #608 ---
EURGBP [M15; 10]

Current situation..........

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

SLs checked to make sure they comply with <=5% risk (adjusted quickly in case of a breach)

TPs extended but remain within the previous days trading range.

Continue to monitor PA around resistance level....

Close out some trades if price shows bullish intent and momentum to the upside and also watch what PA does closer to the mid R level!

Masterrmind........... :nerd:

--- 帖子 #609 ---
EG - update

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Masterrmind..........

--- 帖子 #610 ---
EG - update

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

closed out several trades...

2 remain @ a total risk of about 0.6% at current SL levels.

Options:

1. wait for SL or TP on both trades

2. monitor trades and close out 1 or both based on bullish intent to the top side

3. close out 1 trade now and monitor the final trade

4. close out both trades now and remain net positive for the day

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #611 ---
Since I know that if SLs get taken out the whole short cycle is still net positive for the day (0.98% - 0.60% = 0.38%)

In this situation I'd prefer to give the trades a chance based on PA ...

a) bullish momentum would suggest closing the shorts out.

b) bearish momentum would suggest monitoring the shorts closely looking to close them out in +ve territory.

c) awareness of developing sessions also should be considered.

Masterrmind........... :nerd:

--- 帖子 #612 ---
EURGBP [M15; 10 - manual] - final update

Strong bullish intent ........

Closed out 1 short then a few minutes later the 2nd short.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

PA showed me the way!

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #613 ---
that continuation "pinbar candle " was an alert there IMO ... wasnt on it so cant really qualify my analysis

--- 帖子 #614 ---
Its a slow process I must admit on turtle pairs!

But following through the same thinking process on every cycle that is traded is crucial.

It does feel like a lot of hard work for such a small gain but the reality is this exact process can be transferred onto other pairs that move much faster and much further and the gains will be very obvious once traded!

The trades between the main cycles are yet to be explored yet and they have the capacity to boost net% gain which is what we are chasing

Constantly think about the risk applied to every cycle!

Crawl ... then ... Walk ... then ... Run

Masterrmind........... :nerd:

--- 帖子 #615 ---
someone said to me, "you cannot forge a river if you cannot step over a puddle first"

--- 帖子 #616 ---
Yes and the bounce up from mid R!

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #617 ---
Yes indeed!

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #618 ---
Didn't really cover many of the other pairs today ... mostly EURCHF and EURGBP!

So I'll prepare some of the preliminary data on a few pairs later today in preparation for tomorrow.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #619 ---
Arent you the guy who used to post only profitable trades in the quantum thread months ago ?

Now 2 explorers set but a completely different sight.

How come ?

--- 帖子 #620 ---
I doubt you have bothered to read either this thread or the other thread in any detail and if so then you have missed the bulk of the key posts!

The Quantum London Trading (QLT) thread was meant for a far larger bank roll (>> US$10 000) traded by both Mer and myself and also many other traders (perhaps silently in the background).

Allow me to enlighten you so that your understanding is greatly improved (at least I hope so) ...........

The QLT Method can easily be backtested using Mers' favorite pair GBPUSD [M1; 325] and the success rate is staggering.

All these successful cycles of trades have been undeniably documented in that thread (please do yourself a favor and at least read it!)

QLT relies on a very large bank roll to withstand DD

QLT relies on a progressive lot increase which takes advantage of getting most if not all of the money back on a very small retracement in price

QLT relies on only taking 1 cycle shortly before FF Open until it closes.

NB. The greater the bank roll applied in trading QLT the better, it works incredibly well and is very easy to back test, forward test or do any other test

The DD experienced in the FF session leading into London session is far greater than during the Asian session .... correct? Yes of course!

Now imagine an account >>US$10K trading during the Asian session as I did and still do!

Yes some trades are losers but the vast majority of cycles are winners (test it out yourself with the Q values that I applied ... its very clear)

The QAM Strategy:

1. Its based on a small bank roll of only 1K

2. So the approach must be applied far more selectively using an element of trader discretion and multiple trading techniques including high level risk management

3. The demo accounts attached to this thread are for learning purposes that show the good, the bad and the ugly cycles of trades mostly during the Asian Trading Window so that all traders can clearly witness and learn how to best deal with such cycles.

4. Remember that a trader will learn more from the bad cycles than the good ones!

Please go and read the Quantum London thread so you are better informed before you come here making really ill-informed comments.

Then read this thread from Post #1 so that you clearly understand exactly what it is I am doing here.

The QAM Strategy is completely transparent, it has been from the start and it always will be for as long as it runs.

Good trading,

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #621 ---
The main objective of starting the QAM Strategy thread is to trade the Quantum signals in the Asian Trading Window on a US$1000 account and to grow it into a much larger account without using ridiculously high DD!

To help those traders who are interested to learn!

That's the purpose, pure and simple!

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #622 ---
Tuesday Trading

Tokyo Open - 1 hour

Average trading ranges over the ATW have been calculated for the 9 pairs and are as follows:

AUDJPY 105

AUDNZD 79

AUDUSD 64

CHFJPY 87

EURCHF 32

EURGBP 35

EURJPY 93

EURUSD 40

NZDJPY 81

Clearly the lowest average trading ranges over the previous 20 trading days belongs to:

EURCHF

EURGBP and

EURUSD

That doesn't mean the others cannot be traded so lets take a closer look.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #623 ---
AUDUSD [M15; 10]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Price a little close to the DO line to go long at this stage

Monitor ...........

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #624 ---
AUDNZD [M15; 10]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Continue to monitor, price on DO line

Shorts might be better entries??

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #625 ---
CHFJPY [M15; 10]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #626 ---
EURCHF [M15; 10] and EURGBP [M15; 10]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Looking for longs??

EURCHF could still drop down to mid support which is also at the DO line??

EURGBP has just bounced up off the pivot with about 4 pips up to the DO line??

How would you play it?

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #627 ---
Short EJ as an example

Still prefer EURCHF or EURGBP

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #628 ---
EURJPY [M15; 10]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Entry under mid level.

Trades closed out near DO line

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #629 ---
Could go long on EG but not many pips on offer at the moment.

Now looking to long EURCHF but will monitor for a little longer?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #630 ---
Gidday MM, entered EJ round same time (ha signal) stopped out below DO with TS

--- 帖子 #631 ---
That was a great short to take ... in and out fast...........

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #632 ---
Looking to short EJ again

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Observation time!

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #633 ---
EURCHF  and EURGBP may not be traded today.

The setups are not what I'm looking for in a potential cycle.

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #634 ---
Short EJ on both accounts..........

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #635 ---
Sometimes (many times) the progress in a cycle of trades during the ATW session is very slow.

When it is slow make sure your SLs and your TPs are in place (check them!)

Check total risk% and make sure it is <= assigned risk%

Do not allow the market to catch you unawares!

Masterrmind............ :nerd:

--- 帖子 #636 ---
short AJ with 100pt Ts, 50pt kicked in so I move it to 100pt ,,,EJ short 50pt hasnt activated yet but will change to 100 pt ts when it does

--- 帖子 #637 ---
Just closed out the EJ short cycles on both accounts!

Price showing a lot of hesitation to drive lower through current structure so closed them out with some profit.

ps. don't be surprised to see price drop like a rocket now that I've closed the trades out!

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #638 ---
Yeh EJ is very non comittal atm , I will watch till the 50pt ts kicks in then let it run ,prfoit or b/e ok 50pt kicked in .now 100pt TS n see what happens   EJ stopped out

--- 帖子 #639 ---
NZDJPY [M15; 10]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Looking at a long opportunity??

Awareness of DO line, Pivot and reduced risk will be applied if an entry occurs due to later time in the ATW.

Waiting for the candle to close to see what clues are left behind....

Observation time at the moment.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #640 ---
Had a most excelent run since you made me aware of a few more things MM   bugga  TS was too tight ,, but no probs ..more to come

--- 帖子 #641 ---
If it shows any lack of committal then I always give it what I think is 'enough' time to respond and if it doesn't then I look for a net positive exit.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #642 ---
Not seen anything yet starpro .... this is still the very tip of the iceberg as far as QAM Strategy is concerned.

I trade the volatile pairs on multiple TFs and yes even the M1 TF using a different strategy but I use some similar ideas in the QAM strategy too.

Once you get used to seeing action in the M1 volatile pairs its very easy to see PA unfold on a slower or a turtle pair.

More experience equals more market feel and that unfortunately is part of the trader discretionary component which can be explained to some degree but in the end it comes down to an individual traders intuition.

No place here for simple red/green trigger system I'm afraid!

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #643 ---
ok decided to close AJ for $1 /.01, to me $1/.01 return on a margin of$10/.01 is ok . bounced off Do so quit asap

--- 帖子 #644 ---
Managing the trades is what its all about!

Now long NJ

Late entries in the ATW so what does that mean???

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #645 ---
NJ Late entries in the ATW so what does that mean???

1. likely increase in risk

2. give the trades enough room to breathe (initially)

3. any sign of PA intent opposite to your favored direction spells looking for an exit

4. as time increases, look to tighten stops and extend out TPs

5. reduce risk on the cycle asap

6. what else??

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #646 ---
NZDJPY [M15; 10 - manual]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

SLs reduced but remain under the Pivot (risk is now further reduced but SL location is logical and makes sense)

TPs moved up higher

Upcoming action: tighten the stops to just below DO line (remove more risk on the cycle as price heads in our favor)

Be prepared for any signs of sudden reversals and close out some/all of the trades as deemed appropriate!

Masterrmind.........

--- 帖子 #647 ---
Remember that taking some quick profit out of the market now is perfectly fine.

You do not have to wait until price hits TP.

Keep tightening your stops because your sole aim is to reduce all the risk as much as possible!

ps. trader discretion and experience helps meaning if you tighten stops too much at the wrong time then you are likely to get stopped out prematurely.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #648 ---
Having said all that I decided to close out the NJ cycle.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Masterrmind..........

--- 帖子 #649 ---
Typically if the cycles are opened earlier in the ATW then the tendency is to allow the cycle to run longer.

The later a cycle is opened in the ATW then the tendency is to cut the cycle short when in profit.

ps. each cycle should be assessed on its own merits!

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #650 ---
Tomorrows ATW trading ranges have been calculated as follows:

Attached Image

AUDJPY

Attached Image

ps. all the other 8 pairs SLs are calculated in a similar way to AJ shown above.

For every pair I trade similar calculations are performed however on some pairs (eg volatile pairs, fast movers) I employ an element of flexibility.

This will not be covered until much later as required!

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #651 ---
Remember that the SLs calculated from Post# 651 are initial starting SLs only.

The chart structure should determine any adjustments to these SLs re S+R, pivot point, Fib ratio or zones of confluence as the case may be.

As trading continues (once entries are open to the market) the SLs should be dynamically adjusted to flow with PA and the timing of the session.

Typically as the session grows longer the SLs should be reduced (TPs should be extended)

Note: SLs should be adjusted to realistic levels as an ongoing process.

Masterrmind........... :nerd:

--- 帖子 #652 ---
The quantum is a losing system, in the long term, when the drawdown gets too large gone will be the account no matter how big the account is. IA lot of people realised that. Thats why mer's thread is almost dead now and thats why you you came up with a new thread. But at least you came up with an explorer so props to you.

I will definitely be watching that explorer though. Also, you mentioned a 10k live account where you traded the original method( which as you said works incredibly well), do you mind making that account visible ? also what are your results with it ?

Anyway like i said, im happy you came up with an explorer so now you wont come everyday claiming profitable trades without us being able to verify it.

Thanks and good trading to you.

--- 帖子 #653 ---
Sadly for traders like you who have no concept of risk or how to control DD then it will be a losing system no matter the system used!

The methodology behind the QAM system has a major focus on the DD issue and controlling risk on every cycle taken in the market.

You clearly still have not read the 2 threads which amazes me.

I repeat what I said before do yourself a favor and read both threads from the start NOT the last few pages.

Trade Explorers:

The month of March and possibly beyond are devoted to learning about the methodology behind the QAM Strategy.

They are demo accounts whose sole purpose is to generate both good, bad and ugly cycles of trades!

This allows for discussion especially regarding the bad and the ugly cycles for both those familiar with the Quantum concept and those new to it.

I teach from a different perspective and feel it would be wrong to show positive cycles only .... better to show a combination when learning!

Live Account:

I keep all my trading records as should all traders

I am under no obligation whatsoever to show you any of my trading accounts (live especially)

You are clearly NOT interested in the Quantum or the QAM systems!

Showing my trading history to you would not benefit you at all because you clearly do not understand nor do you show intent to learn the method!

I will/may link a TE (live) at a later stage which may only be visible to my buddies (possibly the public) yet to be finalised.

If you read this thread you would already know that!

Good luck in your trading as luck is what you will need.

Good trading,

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #654 ---
Gidday Traders and lurkers , cant see anything much today , things to do outside   good fortune

--- 帖子 #655 ---
Wednesday Trading Session

Start looking at the following 9 pairs and decide which pair you are interested in trading.

AUDJPY

AUDNZD

AUDUSD

CHFJPY

EURCHF

EURGBP

EURJPY

EURUSD

NZDJPY

News: Consider any likely impacts on the pair you decide to trade!

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #656 ---
Yes I agree with that statement starpro I haven't found anything worthy yet to trade.

But that can and will change as the day unfolds (usually faster then one thinks)

Enjoy your day!

Masterrmind..............

--- 帖子 #657 ---
Remember NOT to force a trade.

If nothing looks like a good setup then simply be patient and wait!

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #658 ---
AUDUSD [M15; 10]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

AUD showing some strength so be careful about going short at this time.

Where might price be headed?

Attached Image

Always try to form a logical opinion of where price is likely to be headed then if price reached these levels look for a sign of bearish intent if shorting was the preferred entry.

Don't forget to check longer term trending on this and other related pairs!!

Masterrmind......... :nerd:

--- 帖子 #659 ---
EURJPY [M15; 10]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Looking for a potential shorting opportunity!

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #660 ---
Short on EJ

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #661 ---
EURJPY [M15; 10]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Closed out at the FIB!

Certainly didn't have too but chose too.

Masterrmind..........

--- 帖子 #662 ---
a nice pickup there MM, but it was in a nothing position for me ,its been pretty flat really since yest Do imo ... Im still waiting ...

--- 帖子 #663 ---
AJ is the most interesting one to me atm ,3 Qboxes , has had long upper tail to hrly resistance (to the dot) will watch it closely for little while

--- 帖子 #664 ---
Simply looking to catch a few pips from a bounce down from the DO line........

NJ up next .... perhaps!!

Masterrmind..........

--- 帖子 #665 ---
AJ

You could take it off the DO line for a few pips at least to the upside or wait to see if the pair dives down a bit deeper.

Its not for me to trade at the moment but perhaps later .... we shall see!

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #666 ---
Long NZDJPY [M15; 10]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Consider this as a slightly aggressive entry because longs were taken prior to M15 candle completion.

This spells out a little more risk because its usually better to wait until candle completes (not always of course!)

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #667 ---
NZDJPY [M15; 10 -manual]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Price not moving anywhere ....

Consolidated PA within a well defined tighter trading range ...

No immediate danger on my longs ...

PA needs to be monitored for any strong bearish intent below the pivot which could signal a quick exit ...

Read PA across the chart and remember that the global SLs should never really get hit since exit signs usually occur well before these levels!

An alert trader is a smarter trader that knows when PA has dealt out the warning signs that point towards an early exit!

Masterrmind.........

--- 帖子 #668 ---
A short Q box has just been generated so at this stage I'm still keen to exit the cycle closer to the DO line (about 15 pips higher up).

PA showing some intent to move higher so the options need to be considered:

1. keep monitoring cycle

2. close out all trades now

3. close out half the trades and let the others run and start tightening the SLs

PA monitoring in full swing!

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #669 ---
NZDJPY [M15; 10 - manual]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Closed out about half the trades.

SLs moved up just under the Pivot (staggered)

Monitoring the final few trades

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #670 ---
NZDJPY [M15; 10 - manual]

All trades now closed out!

Masterrmind..........

--- 帖子 #671 ---
EURJPY [M15; 10 - manual] and NZDJPY [M15; 10 - manual]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Monitored start to finish!

Note: the importance here is the trading methodology applied, the pips and the big coin will come later!

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #672 ---
short NJ but hard going ...

--- 帖子 #673 ---
To be honest i agree with you, instead of an edge, then for sure one needs luck. I dont know if you are a lucky someone but i bet your quantum theory doesnt provide any edge. I could be wrong but if im not then all your talk about dd and risk control mean.

I cant read both threads since im sure the method is not profitable, i will have a look at your explorer though.

thanks and good trading to you too.

--- 帖子 #674 ---
How did your NJ shorts end up starpro?

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #675 ---
Hi Masterrmind,

I am still happy with Quantum Indi and EUR/CHF trades, but I change to 5 min chart, after easter time I will increase the lot size for more risk/gain ... I missed some entries in cad/jpy today because school holidays and I have to entertain my son, even I am thinking about to change my main broker account to IC markets because of spread. I think that I am not be able to monitor too plenty of different pairs in trading as you can do ... maybe I get more confident in time with your style

Question: you mention plenty of times the DO line ... how important is that line in your point of view and experience in trading

Thanks, always green pips

--- 帖子 #676 ---
MM . because I used larger position size ,when I saw a sudden jump on a green candle I panicked and closed all at very top (nowhere near stop loss DO line which was only100 or so ticks from closure pt) BUT price was headed for Do line coming from a support ,that 1 undisciplined panic cost me over 400 ticks,

--- 帖子 #677 ---
Hi togerhard,

Thank you for some very relevant feedback and opinions its very refreshing to hear it.

In the end the trader needs to decide on the following:

1. Time frame to trade

(M1, M5, M15 no higher TF than M15 in the Asian Trading Window ..... M5 also works very well as I trade this TF too!)

2. Pairs

(find a few pairs that you like but keep at least 1 turtle pair and a faster moving pair -  look at multiple pairs as your experience grows)

3. Broker

(do a lot of research in this area, reviews, typical spreads and quality of doing business)

4. DO line

(price starts from this level each trading day so it is only a relative level however, in the ATW session price very often moves out 10 to 20 or more pips and then very often reverses back to the DO line, trading opportunities can occur as bounces off the DO line)

Just remember that we need to be aware of PA and its typical behaviors on the chart and any price level increases in importance only after price has respected the level or shown an obvious reaction at that level by hesitating close to the zone or quickly bouncing off it.

If a candle completed say within 5 pips or so of the DO line then an entry should be postponed until a clearer direction in price is shown!

If price continues through a given level without any signs of respecting it then the level may have less importance!

Let me know if you need more in-depth explanations.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #678 ---
Yes this type of trader decision making process happens all day every day!

There will be plenty of times when a trader thinks that a support level will hold and in the case of a short entry the moment a small bullish candle is produced the trade is closed out .... only minutes later to see price smash down through support for another 100 ticks or more. Similarly for a long entry.

Trailing the stops is one approach but trail too tightly and you risk getting taken out, trail too wide and you risk giving back some unrealized profit if price suddenly reverses on you and heads the opposite direction.

Trailing positions in the turtle pairs such as EURCHF  and EURGBP are less likely early on in the ATW due to minimal pip ranges.

It is a balancing act most of the time and highly discretionary.

No matter the experience of the trader a perfect exit never occurs.

All we attempt to do is take profit as required, at an opposite Q signal, at logical S or R levels or the DO line as the case may be.

Familiarity with a pair goes a long way to closing out profit at 'ideal' levels but this too cannot be perfected .... only improved.

Masterrmind.........

--- 帖子 #679 ---
Thursday Trading Session

Tokyo Open - 1 hour

Pairs list:

AUDJPY

AUDNZD

AUDUSD

CHFJPY

EURCHF

EURGBP

EURJPY

EURUSD

NZDJPY

Focus on the EURCHF and EURGBP pairs until you're comfortable trading some of the other pairs.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #680 ---
Take a good look at a few pairs in terms of:

1. location of price on the chart (where is price in terms of DO line, S + R, Pivots)

2. Q signals generated from the start of the day

3. TF (if you like trading from say the M15 chart make sure you drop down to an M5 or M1 TF and look at price activity)

4. News

Then start to narrow down the choice remembering at this stage that once you have a cycle running any future cycles in other pairs will be delayed until at least the current cycle is closed out!

Take time to decide, look for the 'better' cycle.

If no pairs look worthwhile to trade at this stage then do not enter a cycle, but continue to monitor PA

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #681 ---
NZDJPY [M15; 10]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Masterrmind..........

--- 帖子 #682 ---
NZDJPY [M15; 10 - manual]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Close enough to 90 pips from all shorts!

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #683 ---
Selected time frames and Quantum values

The following TF + Q values are provided as a general guide only for the ATW session....

[M1; 200]

[M5; 40]

[M15; 10]

I recommend that only 3 time frames be applied during the Asian session namely; M1, M5 and M15.
I DO NOT recommend using M30 or H1 and above in the ATW session because too much of the detail is missed out.

Slight variations to the Q values listed above are acceptable provided they are based on an analysis of a particular pairs average trading ranges.

NB. Other trading sessions (London, New York etc) will have altered Q values from those listed above which will be covered at a later stage!

Masterrmind..........

--- 帖子 #684 ---
EURGBP [M5; 40 - manual]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

10 shorts FIFO technique

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #685 ---
Mail

--- 帖子 #686 ---
All good!

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #687 ---
Notice the sequence on the EG M5 chart!

1. Quantum boxes > 1 waiting for signs of eventual weakness in the bulls and awareness of mid R as the next obstacle to price

2. short could have been taken straight up (nice pin bar on the 4th Q box) just under mid resistance level on bearish intent

3. but notice how on my entries I waited!

4. looked for PA to charge up and then to show weakness led by the strength of the bears again just under mid R level (call it a retest)

5. price sharply down .... look left at structure on the chart and choose a realistic TP level.

Note that I usually leave TPs down a bit lower but will close out trades manually via MT4 or a script (demo phase MT4 manual approach only)

Look for these types of setups they happen very often indeed.

Notice also that you are in and out within 5 minutes and bagged several pips in the process, then you can focus on the next cycle.

Its not always about just looking for the 1 cycle that takes ages to complete but rather cycles that complete in ideal zones on the chart very quickly.

This cycle occurred on a turtle pair oddly enough so the chart structure can be very important.

Not all cycles will complete this fast but I tell you many many do!

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #688 ---
really nice pin bar ... well worth a trade if watching

--- 帖子 #689 ---
Exactly right!

Easy to miss on a smaller TF .....

ps. grab a cup of coffee and its long gone!

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #690 ---
HAPPY EASTER HOLIDAYS TO ALL THOSE WHO CELEBRATE!

I will not be actively trading today........

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #691 ---
Ditto MM , a break never hurt anyone ...cheers SP

--- 帖子 #692 ---
hi i mix this wyatts pivot and quantum.... so i can get some support of where to buy and sell....

--- 帖子 #693 ---
Its always a great idea to rest the mind and return to trading refreshed and ready to go!

Next week is a new week and the market will always be there!

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #694 ---
Hi ramzam,

Yes that's the purpose of using the pivot indicator with the Quantum.

Do not put all your faith in this setup though you need to consider the PA across the whole chart including zooming into and out of different TFs.

Try to take cycles in the same direction as the longer term trend (if there is one) as these are likely to have lower DD's and provide opportunities later in the ATW that allow for the possibility of higher TPs.

Importantly, there is no need to rush into a trade as soon as a Quantum signal box appears, the location of the Q box to S+R, pivots and the DO line should also be considered.

Trendlines, S+R, pivots, Fibs and the DO line may not be respected by price on the 1 st attempt and many times it occurs on the second and third tests by price at these levels. When price respects levels on multiple occasions it can provide greater confidence when making entries.

Wait and assess the entry further for likely validity.

The Q box is simply the 1st step in multiple steps prior to an entry being considered.

If you decide to use the [M15; 10] chart make sure that an M1 or M5 TF is also considered and if going long take the trade from the completion of bullish M1 candle or if going short from the completion of a bearish M1 candle as this technique may provide the entry with lower DD.

If you can work with an M1 TF and an M15 TF what you would want to do is wait until a Q box appears on the M15 TF first then drop the period down to an M1 TF for an ideal entry!

The QAM Strategy considers all these factors (and many more) so that the odds of winning a trade (or cycle) are higher.

Good trading,

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #695 ---
WEEK 5 START OF TRADING

Initial risk% applied from 5 to 10

Introducing multiple pairs being traded at the same time

Other important factors

ps. hope the Easter break was refreshing for everyone, but now its back to work!

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #696 ---
GidddayMM, had a look at Aj .. very close to pretty solid resistance line , will keep close eye on it now ..

--- 帖子 #697 ---
Trading could start off rather slowly this week until the market starts to get back into full swing.

The plan is to trade EURCHF and EURGBP cycles as overlapping cycles at similar times.

Usually though 1 cycle will start before the other.

The most important consideration other than the choice of pairs to trade is to keep total applied risk% <= assigned risk% at all times!

It may take some time to get into both cycles on the 2 turtle pairs today but that's ok since this is part of the learning phase.

Other single cycles may be considered as well depending on how long the turtle cycles unfold.

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #698 ---
EURCHF [M15; 10]  and EURGBP [M15; 10]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

turtle pace..........

Do not just enter either, make sure the setup looks ideal otherwise if not do not trade it!

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #699 ---
Yes by all means keep an eye on other setups as they can be traded in amongst the multiple setups if desired

Masterrmind..........

--- 帖子 #700 ---
If you start noticing single candles covering the trending range then drop down at least 1 TF (ie if M15 then drop to M5)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Still monitoring the turtle pairs!

Note:

Remember if you do not have specific tpls for M1, M5 and M15 charts then make sure you adjust the Q values when the period has been altered including the trending line indicator settings.

For example, if you have only an M15 tpl and you drop down to an M5 then what you need to do is the following:

1. click MT4 'M5' Tab

2. Change Quantum indicator settings from 10 to 40

3. Change Trending Indicator settings from 10, 10, 5, 5 to 40, 40, 20, 20 (as shown below)
Attached Image

Masterrmind..........

--- 帖子 #701 ---
EURGBP [M5; 40]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Unfolding PA .....

What do you see?

Would you short the pair now? If so why?

What are the likely risks?

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #702 ---
One option is to wait for price to push higher, then produce weakness in the bulls to push price higher, followed by bearish intent to the downside.

If this process takes too long to unfold and it gets closer to FF Open then walk away from any potential entries.

You will begin to notice why I do not limit myself to a few pairs in the QAM strategy; simply because I seek out the best opportunities from a number of pairs and trade cycles from those pairs.

For those starting out however, I suggest you follow the process, start with the turtle pairs, gain chart time + experience and then look to add other pairs.

Eventually, several pairs will be traded at the same or similar time but the maximum allowable risk% on the account at all times must be known which can mean closing out some trades prior to completion so that the risk limit is never exceeded!

Masterrmind............ :nerd:

--- 帖子 #703 ---
Closing out mini cycles of trades

The Trending Indicator has 2 pairs of settings one that follows the highs and lows of the respective Quantum value and one that follows half this period traced out by a dotted line.

What this means is that in a situation where the pullbacks are smaller swings say in a pair that is trending upwards presently (such as the EURGBP) then when price touches the HL and LH values (half the Quantum period) then consider closing out some or all of the trades when price hits this level.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Spread needs to be considered in this approach especially on the EURCHF pair when pip ranges may become quite small in which case it may not be worth applying.

Sometimes the 1st couple of trades taken in the cycle might end up as small losses or BE but the vast majority of trades will be winners.

Trader discretion is applied but quite often it also pans out as logical common sense!

Masterrmind.........

--- 帖子 #704 ---
Closing out mini cycles of trades is incredibly important in trading this method (especially using a US$1000 account compared to US$10,000) and does take alot of practice so spend as much time as you need to get the feel for this technique.

Further to the point raised above it will also become highly valuable when trading much higher lot sizes in almost scalping type trades once the account grows much larger.....

You might be thinking that yeah it looks easy in hindsight but we never know where price is really going to be at some later time in the future.

This is true however, if you follow PA across the chart and you simply open up an entry at each of the Q signal boxes (as shown on the chart in the above post) then as soon as price dives down closer to the half period dotted line then its clear to see that most traders could have closed out within 1-2 pips of this level (spread also needs to be considered).

Closing out that cycle of trades close to the end of the bearish red candle or even half way through the next candle would have been a well managed cycle in my view and easily executable by an alert trader.

The downside to this approach might be the constant monitoring of PA across the chart.

I'm very certain you will gain a lot from this constant monitoring of PA which can be applied to other trading techniques that are less intensive!

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #705 ---
NZDJPY [M15; 10]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Be aware of the important levels.......

Always zoom out and check significant highs and lows as appropriate........

Check pip ranges between levels and especially from a potential entry to an expected TP .... ask yourself is it worth the trade?

If price has been gently trending up for the last several hours then think about how likely is it for price to hit your TP level.

Price may simply make another smaller retracement down to a key level and bounce off it........

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #706 ---
Would you have been alert enough to close out this 2nd mini cycle of trades?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Masterrmind............ :nerd:

--- 帖子 #707 ---
The idea is to close out mini cycles of trades at opportune times.

1. DO line

2. Support level

3. Resistance level

4. Pivot point

5. Mid S+R+P levels

6. Set TP
7*. Half period levels (for mini cycles of trades)

* closing out mini cycles of trades is a technique that when applied correctly will keep you out of serious DD issues in a trending market!

Masterrmind........... :nerd:

--- 帖子 #708 ---
Good to see Udine in having a look

--- 帖子 #709 ---
No cycles taken today which is not entirely unexpected.

Tomorrow is another day which should bring many opportunities.

Masterrmind..........

--- 帖子 #710 ---
Tokyo -1 hour Wednesday Trading Day

Monitoring several pairs for possible setups.......

News (awareness should not be limited to only the FF Calendar content - go beyond!:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Which pairs look ideal for trading?

Masterrmind........... :nerd:

--- 帖子 #711 ---
EURGBP [M15; 10]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Drop down to an M5 or M1 chart for an ideal entry if such an entry looks good.

Also looking to trade EURCHF pair but its some way from a possible entry at the moment.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #712 ---
EURGBP [M15; 10 - manual]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

7 shorts @ 0.01 lots in progress (<<5% risk)

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #713 ---
EURCHF - this pair is not close to an entry yet!

EURUSD - this pair is trading very very flat so will not be considered yet!

Other pairs are being monitored.

Updates to come!

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #714 ---
EURJPY LONGS entered ...........

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

What are some of the risks associated with these entries (can you identify them?)

Masterrmind............ :nerd:

--- 帖子 #715 ---
Trading Multiple Pairs at the same (or similar) time

Base currency/ Quote currency

Lets suppose initially that we only want to trade 2 pairs EURCHF and EURGBP and only in the ATW session.

1. Does it matter if we trade:

a) both pairs long

b) both pairs short

c) 1 pair long + 1 pair short

d) What are the likely issues that these cycles would encounter?

Now lets suppose there are 9 pairs from which to choose 2 pairs for our cycles which can be any 2 pairs.

Assume the pairs are as follows:

AUDJPY

AUDNZD

AUDUSD

CHFJPY

EURCHF

EURGBP

EURJPY

EURUSD and

NZDJPY

2. What are the potential issues with trading the following:

a) LONG or SHORT or either for AUDJPY and AUDNZD

b) LONG or SHORT or either for AUDJPY and AUDUSD

c) LONG or SHORT or either for AUDJPY and CHFJPY

d) LONG or SHORT or either for AUDJPY and EURCHF

e) LONG or SHORT or either for AUDJPY and EURGBP

f) LONG or SHORT or either for AUDJPY and EURJPY

g) LONG or SHORT or either for AUDJPY and EURUSD

h) LONG or SHORT or either for AUDJPY and NZDJPY

3. Similarly, for each of the other pairs as follows:

a) LONG or SHORT or either for AUDNZD and AUDUSD

b) LONG or SHORT or either for AUDNZD and CHFJPY

c) LONG or SHORT or either for AUDNZD and EURCHF

d) LONG or SHORT or either for AUDNZD and EURGBP

e) LONG or SHORT or either for AUDNZD and EURJPY

f) LONG or SHORT or either for AUDNZD and EURUSD

g) LONG or SHORT or either for AUDNZD and NZDJPY

4.

a) LONG or SHORT or either for AUDUSD and CHFJPY

b) LONG or SHORT or either for AUDUSD and EURCHF

c) LONG or SHORT or either for AUDUSD and EURGBP

d) LONG or SHORT or either for AUDUSD and EURJPY

e) LONG or SHORT or either for AUDUSD and EURUSD

f) LONG or SHORT or either for AUDUSD and NZDJPY

5.

a) LONG or SHORT or either for CHFJPY and EURCHF

b) LONG or SHORT or either for CHFJPY and EURGBP

c) LONG or SHORT or either for CHFJPY and EURJPY

d) LONG or SHORT or either for CHFJPY and EURUSD

e) LONG or SHORT or either for CHFJPY and NZDJPY

6.

a) LONG or SHORT or either for EURCHF and EURGBP

b) LONG or SHORT or either for EURCHF and EURJPY

c) LONG or SHORT or either for EURCHF and EURUSD

d) LONG or SHORT or either for EURCHF and NZDJPY

7.

a) LONG or SHORT or either for EURGBP and EURJPY

b) LONG or SHORT or either for EURGBP and EURUSD

c) LONG or SHORT or either for EURGBP and NZDJPY

8.

a) LONG or SHORT or either for EURJPY and EURUSD

b) LONG or SHORT or either for EURJPY and NZDJPY

9.

a) LONG or SHORT or either for EURUSD and NZDJPY

Think about it!

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #716 ---
NZDJPY longs have now been added into the mix!

Now there are 3 pairs of cycles being traded namely:

EURGBP (short),

EURJPY ( long) and

NZDJPY (long) being traded on a 1K account at the same time!

What are the additional risks involved here?

Masterrmind........... :nerd:

--- 帖子 #717 ---
Remember that initial risk is set from 5% up to 10% of pre-cycle account balance.

There is a major difference between assigned risk% and realized risk% .... know the difference!

It should always be a goal to never hit the assigned risk% on a given cycle (or cycles) of trades active in the market.

This is where the trader needs to be very alert by monitoring the positions as an ongoing and continual process.

Masterrmind............ :nerd:

--- 帖子 #718 ---
I was about to add another pair to the learning process but decided not too!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

3 pairs of cycles running at the same time should have plenty of commentary to follow later in the trading day.

The cycles taken today are meant to have you asking or at least thinking about the following:

a) How many cycles and pairs should be opened at the same (or similar) time?

b) Which pairs should I choose?

c) How should multiple cycles be managed?

d) What are the traps?

e) What are the risks?

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #719 ---
Current situation with 3 pairs....

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Not all entries shown in the above screenshot!
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #720 ---
Current situation for EURGBP, EURJPY and NZDJPY cycles

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #721 ---
Consider closing out final trades as daily net% gain will still be positive.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Or monitor the final trades further....

Or consider closing out say 2-3 trades and placing buy stops just above the DO line so if price breaks through the 'obstacles' the longs stand a better chance of making some positive gain!

A great plan would of been to close out 2-3 trades close to the pivot (dropping down to a lower TF and looking for some bearish intent to exit the trades).

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #722 ---
The reason why I'm holding onto the last few trades a little longer is because the current M15 candle is showing a lot of hesitation to go either UP or DOWN and the level is actually a mid support zone.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

When this occurs usually it is best to keep monitoring the trades and wait for the candle to complete.

But do not be fooled into giving back too much profit to the market.

Remember also that 5% to 10% risk can still be applied according to our plan for today!

Do you think this would be wise?

It was hard work today would you not all agree?

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #723 ---
Leaving the platform very very soon so I need to make some decisions.

1. close out all trades now?

2. close out half and let the others run?

3. close out half just before I leave and tighten final SLs up under recent lows making sure that the net%gain for the day will still be positive if stops are taken out!

Awareness that London Open is very close so what does that usually mean?

Masterrmind........... :nerd:

--- 帖子 #724 ---
Strong bearish candle on M15 TF stopped right on top of S1.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Stops are now tight up under swing low area.

Look where price is now its under DO line, under Pivot point and the TPs are located on the far side of mid R level meaning that price has to overcome many obstacles to reach the target.

The trend from the start of the day has been slowly to the downside (agree?) so how likely is it that our targets will get hit any time soon??

These are the questions you need to continually ask yourself!

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #725 ---
Ok so my preference would be to close out most of the trades.

But as a learning exercise I'll leave stops and TPs as they currently sit (definitely not preferred).

Back later!

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #726 ---
Price has made its way back up closer to the pivot.

Price struggling to break through.

Stops tightened again.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #727 ---
Patiently monitoring EJ

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #728 ---
Final trades closed out as price rose up closer to the pivot!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Monitored and managed over all 3 pairs namely EURGBP, EURJPY and NZDJPY!

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #729 ---
Todays trading will apply the following:

2 brokers

1 broker trading 2 AUD base pairs (combination of 2 out of 3 of either AJ, AN or AU) and the other

1 broker trading 2 EUR base pairs (combination of 2 out of 4 of either EChf, EG, EJ or EU)

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #730 ---
Only time for the 1 setup on EURJPY [M15; 10 - manual]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

1 cycle @ 1.13%

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #731 ---
AUDJPY + AUDUSD

Looking to implement multiple Buy stop entries ............

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #732 ---
Buy Stops placed on AJ + AU

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Additional entries may be placed on both AJ + AU pairs via 1-click MT4 operation once some Buy Stops have been triggered.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #733 ---
Other broker........

EURCHF + EURJPY

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Both long at market!

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #734 ---
AUDUSD [M15; 10 - manual]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Cycle closed out just below the pivot.

Now I'm looking to add in a sell cycle on the AU pair.

5 shorts just added with several more to follow either at a higher level or as price drops!

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #735 ---
If a cycle starts looking very hesitant to move anywhere quickly then don't be afraid to close it out net positive if possible and look for other opportunities on a different but suitable pair.

I closed out 1 trade of 5 of the EURCHF cycle with more to come once they go net +ve.

Masterrmind........... :nerd:

--- 帖子 #736 ---
Closed out 5 of 10 longs on AJ due to hesitation of price to keep driving higher (not always necessary to close the trades out but a trdaer needs to make a decision based on whats presented in front of them on the chart or other source ... )

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

........ last 5 trades also closed out.

Try to keep focus on the net daily% gain and the floating DD!

Masterrmind..........

--- 帖子 #737 ---
Gidday MM, had to get new pc , how do I send the template from old lappy to new pc please..thanx SP

--- 帖子 #738 ---
I'm assuming you have MT4 downloaded (current build) to the new PC if so do the following:

1. Go to the 'templates' folder on the older laptop

2. Copy and then paste the template to a USB

3. Insert the USB into an available USB port on the newer PC

4. Locate the template on the USB

5. Copy the template

6. Locate the 'new' templates folder in the 'new' MT4 on your new PC

7. Highlight the template folder by left clicking it once

8. Then right click and select Paste from the menu

Presto the old tpl should now be in the new templates folder.

Double click the new templates folder to make sure the old tpl is visible.

Now open MT4 and apply the tpl to any chart to make sure everything is correct.

* If you do not have a USB then send the old template to Dropbox, one drive, google or any other cloud service.

** If you have a decent email account just email the tpl to yourself, then on new PC open both the email account + the destination templates folder

Hope that helps,

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #739 ---
have emailed to myself but cant seem to open attachment Ill just reload all settings, give me something to do LOL bugga that means downloading all the indis ,,,damm  sok loaded it onto ext hdd looks like its worked

--- 帖子 #740 ---
Do not try to open it..........

Use Save as feature and then browse the folder you wish to send it to which will be the templates folder of your new MT4 via Program files as the case may be .......

Masterrmind............ :nerd:

--- 帖子 #741 ---
really annoying , open data folder >and its there, load it into navigator and it show as little letter thingo as trf, shows trf to nsvigstor /close platform >reopen .not in navigator

--- 帖子 #742 ---
nice  recovery on accounts today WD

--- 帖子 #743 ---
damm thing will not stick to navigator ok its in data folder /templates/open templates ,move to navigator /turn plarform off/restart ... no template ,,, maybe I will try and change the name ..maybe something screwing it up

nup still wont trsf even with diff name

--- 帖子 #744 ---
solved ...s not listed in navigator but is too;bar templates ...

--- 帖子 #745 ---
The demo accounts show how that even after several losing cycles it can still be re-built without the need to refund!

This shows the power of correctly applying risk including monitoring and managing all cycles of trades.

I wonder what the equity curve would look like on a live account traded by myself with the intent to win every cycle of trades using the QAM strategy?

I guess only time will tell!

There is plenty more to this strategy ... the multiple pairs have only just started to be traded ... maybe we need another month on demo ... ??

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #746 ---
Did you sort out the template issue?

Masterrmind..........

--- 帖子 #747 ---
Yes thanx MM

--- 帖子 #748 ---
Friday Trading Session

First some notes:

QAM-LearnOnly-v1a Demo TE remains active for the time being...........

QAM-LearnOnly-v1b Demo TE has now expired after 1 months use...........

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Only 1 Demo needs to be used in any case which will be QAM-LearnOnly-v1a (until expiry should occur)

A live account linked to a TE may be started from a fresh new week being Monday April 4 2016 (no-one likes starting a new account on April Fools Day or on a Friday)

However, the participation throughout this thread has been very limited so a running daily commentary on the live cycles I take may not be fully understood especially if this thread has not been understood!

I'll use part of the weekend to think about the approach I'll take regarding the live account .... perhaps a linked live account to a TE but with no commentary which means I may just slot this into the trading journal section of FF forum visible to buddies only (like starpro who has made an effort....).

Have a great weekend once todays trading is completed.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #749 ---
quantum didnt transfer but can reload that , NP

--- 帖子 #750 ---
In the meantime lets look at the 9 pairs and decide which ones to trade.

Go through the process outlined in this thread and choose 1,2 or up to 3 pairs to trade.

Lets get active!

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #751 ---
Its amazing its been such a drama  for you.

Hopefully you are up and running now.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #752 ---
M5 template will be used today...........

eg

AUDUSD [M5; 40]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

EURJPY [M5; 40]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #753 ---
computer dummy LOL

--- 帖子 #754 ---
The computer is the dummy because it can't tell you what to do ..........

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #755 ---
EURJPY [M5; 40]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Price is intent on continuing to drop so just follow it ..... lets see if a better opportunity to go long presents itself closer to the pivot

Zoom out and have a look at support + resistance zones ....... what do you see?

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #756 ---
Now short 5 on AU

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

If price pushes up closer to the pivot I'll consider 5 more.

0.01 lots per entry will be used from time to time but soon I'll be moving onto 0.02 and 0.03 lots depending on the chart being traded as it saves time and it's easier to manage fewer entries rather than multiple 0.01 lot per trade entries which will drive you crazy!

At the end of the day I care about 2 things mostly .... daily floating DD and daily net% gain so in effect the number of pips made is irrelevant!

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #757 ---
AUDUSD [M5; 40 - manual]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

10 shorts @ 0.01 lots now in full swing

Watch what price does as it drops down onto the pivot.

Closing out several trades for small profit may be a great idea

Update:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Now I close out 5 shorts at the pivot because of the risk of a bounce back up against my preferred direction which is down.

Taking small profit but importantly reducing my risk on this cycle

Manage those trades .... I cannot over-emphasize this point!

Masterrmind..........

--- 帖子 #758 ---
AJ pair

If price breaks above the pivot I'll hit it long

Update:

Price popped up just above it but going long here is a trap for young players .... always wait!

Price has shown a lack of interest to drive up higher so no entry at this stage .... monitor only!

Look for another pair to trade thats why its a good idea to have several pairs that you constantly monitor so you are ready to enter at a moments notice = criteria has been met ..............

Masterrmind............ :nerd:

--- 帖子 #759 ---
Long EJ

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Masterrmind.........

--- 帖子 #760 ---
AU

5 more shorts added .... looking to take some small profit again.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #761 ---
AJ cycle closed out.......

EJ cycle still running........

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Could close out the EJ cycle right now and still be up over 2% net for the day!

Notes:

1. Notice anything with trading 2 cycles having the same counter currency? JPY in this case!

2. What about trading 2 currencies where 1 currency is both a base currency and a counter currency ....

Our 9 pairs so far comprise of the following:

AUDJPY

AUDNZD

AUDUSD

CHFJPY

EURCHF

EURGBP

EURJPY

EURUSD and

NZDJPY

Notice that EUR is always the base currency and JPY is the quote/counter currency!

Then there are several pairs that can be traded either as a base or a counter.

What we want to start thinking about now is several other pairs that could be traded in tandem (at the same or similar time).

What benefit could this have on trading?

What about choosing 1 pair that has a vastly different ATW range to the other?

What about if both pairs have very similar ATW ranges?

Imagine now that 2 pairs are suffering a little unfavorable DD! Is there a pair that could be added to reduce DD?

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #762 ---
Just closed out the last few trades on EJ

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Net +ve gain  for the day!

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #763 ---
More on this topic over the course of the weekend ... time permitting!

Further topics on net% weekly gain, monthly and yearly will also be addressed.

Enjoy the weekend!

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #764 ---
It is good to see base currency as counter in another pair ,and watching A200 as indice helps AUD bases IMO.... edit,,,see the reversal in AJ was soon after reversal in A2000 ....

--- 帖子 #765 ---
AJ looks to me to bouncing off very solid resist going back to high of Jan,wont be going short tonight now but watching like a hawk mon am

--- 帖子 #766 ---
Not exactly what MM is looking for ,but it is what I look for before going down in TF .....   shows me AJ has a good chance of giving up some good shorts on monday if not tonight even

--- 帖子 #767 ---
I hate demos.......came after a bounce off DO

--- 帖子 #768 ---
Support + resistance zones including likely bounces certainly forms part of my thinking too!

As mentioned in the 1st post indices may also be traded but that won't be until the account size is much larger including familiarity with the 'common' currency pairs.

Index PA can most certainly be used when trading other related pairs ....

Similarly,  Gold and the AUDUSD and many many other related factors for example trading partner news and the impacts eg CNY news and how it might impact on the AUSUSD.

There are many many more ...........

AJ will be worth keeping a close watch on for sure!

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #769 ---
I certainly dislike demo trading alot ....

The demo being used now is very very bad at feeding through data in a non-timely manner and also when closing out trades manually (sometimes nice and fast other times doesn't close them out at all and the platform freezes), causing the platform to freeze on a far too regular basis.

Live trading has never given me much trouble but the demo's ... not so great!

Masterrmind........... :nerd:

--- 帖子 #770 ---
yen must be strong or something ,,, evrything falling against it, gold falling quite badly

--- 帖子 #771 ---
ok Im off .... I dont open anything this larte fri ... theres always next weeek cheers ALL

--- 帖子 #772 ---
Pair Selection

I suggest testing several pair combinations from not only the 9 pairs that have been recently traded but also from the majors + minors + volatiles:

The 9 pairs so far are as follows:

AUDJPY

AUDNZD

AUDUSD

CHFJPY

EURCHF

EURGBP

EURJPY

EURUSD and

NZDJPY

Now try and combine them with the major, minors and volatiles.

General guide on pairs with a small account are as follows:

1. turtle or slow moving pairs based on ATW ranges trade up to 3 pairs

2. major pairs trade up to 2 pairs

3. minor pairs depending on ATW range use 2 or 3 pairs

4. volatile pairs trade only 1 pair (EURAUD, EURNZD, GBPAUD, GBPCAD, GBPNZD and GBPJPY)

Be careful of the spread in pairs such as EN and GN as its usually fairly high compared to the others!

Some example pair combinations to test out include the following:

1. AUDNZD and AUDUSD

2. EURCHF + EURGBP + EURUSD

3. USDCHF + CHFJPY

4. EURAUD or EURNZD or GBPAUD or any other volatile pair

5. AUSUSD + USDCAD

6. any other suitable combinations.........

Choose a combination that you like and become very familiar with the way each of the pairs typically move.

Try to figure out how adding a pair might increase or decrease the floating DD .... this is more involved than you may think....

The testing phase is up to the trader so choose what works for you not someone else!

Note: Initially choose a turtle pair combination until you master it then either stay with this combo or start looking at other pairs!

At the end of the day the only things that really matter are that you're happy, the DD is acceptable and the net% gain is consistent!

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #773 ---
A key idea in adding a pair (when trading >=2 pairs) is to somehow reduce the floating DD but increase the net% gain ... this is the aim!

Imagine you decide to trade say AUDUSD + AUDJPY pairs together.

Usually, 1 pairs cycle starts before the others, 1 cycle could be long whilst the other cycle could be short (what if they are both long cycles?)

a) Does it matter?

Now imagine you start trading say the AUDUSD pair and the 1st cycle is short ... what difference would it make if you could choose the direction of the next cycle on a different pair as being long or short (you have the choice).

a) Would choosing a particular pair and direction provide any likely reduction in the floating DD?

So now you need to consider the assumed benefit of choosing a pair to add to the short AUDUSD pair!

Examples could include some of the following:

short AUSUSD + short USDJPY

short AUSUSD + long USDJPY

short AUSUSD + short EURUSD

short AUSUSD + long EURUSD

plus many other combinations of pairs.

You also could consider the following:

1. Longer term trends of a given pair or pairs

2. News impacts likely on a given pair or pairs

3. Correlated pairs (trading both the same direction or 1 short the other long)

4. Inversely correlated pairs (trading both the same direction or 1 short the other long)

........ this is just the beginning there is far more yet to come ...........

Masterrmind............ :nerd:

--- 帖子 #774 ---
On the demo account has anyone noticed what the maximum floating DD is approximately for a day when the gain was 1%?

What about a 3% net gain for the day ... any idea as to the maximum floating DD throughout the day?

This information is very important for any size account but far more important on a small 1K account!

Whats the aim of the small 1K account?

Answer: To grow it into a much larger account!

**So why not try to make a higher net% gain with a smaller maximum floating DD??**

Now all of the above needs to be taken into account .... type of pairs, number of pairs, direction of 1 pair to the other, correlated/inversely correlated.

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #775 ---
If the cycles are taken without much thought and are successful the following is an average expected result.

X% net gain per cycle(s) generates  2X-3X * floating cycle(s) DD [Where X is the value given to the net daily gain]

For example,

If the net gain on a US$1000 account is 1% representing $10 then the maximum floating DD is usually between $20 to $30 (2% to 3%)

If the net gain on a US$1000 account is 3% representing $30 then the maximum floating DD is usually between $60 to $90 (2% to 3%)

The idea here is to choose, monitor and manage the pairs and the cycles such that:

net% gain is maximized while maximum floating DD is minimized

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #776 ---
Assume short AUDUSD and short USDJPY cycles!

The USD currency is the base in one pair and the counter in the other.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Consider the likely DD and gain for this scenario

What about the overlap in trades? Is there any?

Now consider previous ATW sessions:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Consider the likely DD and gain for this scenario

What about the overlap in trades? Is there any?

Now consider 1 pair short + 1 pair long over several previous ATW sessions ............

Masterrmind........... :nerd:

--- 帖子 #777 ---
Next start testing pairs such as the following:

1. EURUSD + EURGBP (strong EUR)

2. USDJPY + USDCHF (strong USD)

3. AUDJPY + AUDUSD (strong AUD)

etc

Think about the ability to predict strength or weakness in a currency during the ATW session.

Think about trading pairs that only consider currencies more related to the ATW session eg AUD, CNY(??), JPY, NZD etc.

How does trading an ATW session related currency contribute to floating DD in general compared to a non-related pair?

The idea here is to gain an appreciation of the typical pair behaviors under the above conditions to see if trading certain cycles in the ATW session can provide lower floating DD and possibly higher net% gain.

I'm not saying these results will show overwhelming advantages in multiple pair choice but there is some very interesting patterns that emerge.

Note:

The above testing looks at mainly M15 TF but test it out on M5 and then M1 .... there are subtle differences mainly because higher frequency of Q boxes exists on a lower TF (based on the choice of Quantum value ofcourse)

Good trading,

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #778 ---
After much testing an opinion can be formed based on typical pair(s) behavior.

A range of likely average floating DD can be assumed on trading certain pairs over a given number of previous trading days.

This may help to fine tune the pairs choice but remember that no-one knows the future so average floating DD ranges can also increase or decrease over time.

All we attempt to do here is to form an opinion that is not based on a pure guess!

The risk applied to every cycle(s) will always need to be closely followed in the hope that the account is preserved.

Monitoring, managing and acting in a timely manner as required will always be key account preservation techniques.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #779 ---
What about the 3 turtle pairs?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Reduce DD by simply starting entries from the next level UP or DOWN after M15 Q signal has been generated!

1*. Open 1 entry close to the next level from the Q box and set pending Buy or Sell Stop orders close to previous Q boxes.

2**. Open X_entries at the next level from when the 1st Q box was generated (X = total Q box count from start of ATW to next level)

* may result in lower DD but also lower net gain! If price continues moving away from intended direction the DD occurs from only 1 entry!

** may result in higher DD but also higher net gain! If price continues moving away from intended direction the DD can escalate!

Does the direction of trades matter based on Q box color and can this be used to improve the net% gain ? ......

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #780 ---
APRIL TRADING PLANS

This thread will continue to address any questions about the QAM trading strategy so feel free to ask.

Demo accounts:

The demo account v1a will continue until its expiry whenever that may be and continue to show cycles of trades
The demo account v1b has served its purpose (has expired after a 30 day trial)
They have shown the good, the bad and the ugly trades including account rebuilding techniques and the application of risk for the benefit of learning how to manage an account in a wide variety of situations.

v1b Demo will most likely be deleted very soon as it is no longer required

QAM is risky:

The QAM Strategy method is considered a risky trading strategy especially in the hands of the inexperienced!
Risk management should be applied correctly at all times.
Only a small % of your trading capital should be allocated to trading this method and only money you can afford to lose.

New Trading Journal:

Personally, I prefer to trade only live in the market and a demo is only useful for gaining familiarity with either the MT4 software or testing the functionality of a given strategy.

A new live trading account with a starting balance of US$1000 will be linked to a TE early this coming week.
A show of interest from other like minded traders prepared to link a live TE to a 1K account is most welcome.
If no interest is shown from other traders then please do not expect me to show open cycles of trades (milking my trades with no intention to learn how to trade yourself is uncool and totally unacceptable).
Most likely if no interest is shown then I may delay the release of trades taken or simply hide them from view and only show % gain and a few other statistics.
The purpose of showing my cycles of trades is for interested traders to follow along and attempt to build a small 1K account.
No guarantees are offered or implied and participation is always at the sole discretion of the individual trader.

Live Account:

Trading a live account however, from my perspective has only a few intentions which are:
a) to apply the QAM method,
b) gradually increase the account size over time
c) apply strict risk management techniques
d) operate under a 'reasonable' DD
e) make a positive net% weekly gain
f) share trading ideas with other traders

I have not decided at this stage how much commentary will be provided and certainly minute by minute updates will not be given.
Most likely a few pairs I plan to trade at the start of the trading day may be mentioned, followed by an end of trading day summary of cycles traded.

QAM Ultimate Strategy:

Applies all the techniques listed so far and many many more including a partial automated system (EA + scripts) may also be started at a much later stage in the future but will depend on trader interest.

A lot of practice and a lot of hard work on multiple charts is absolutely required to get this method right otherwise the results may not be to your liking or the best that they can be!

The QAM strategy is also NOT my sole trading method, far from it!
I do trade it with a much larger account however, using appropriate lot progression sizes that provides very 'modest' gains on a regular basis.
This account also represents a very small % of total allocated trading capital so I suggest you also consider your own personal situation.

Lets see where the 1K account will end up!

Good trading,

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #781 ---
The QAM Trading Journal can be found here:

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=585458

Traders are invited to join the QAM Trading Journal thread with a linked live TE starting at 1K if they wish.

Note that the QAM trading strategy has been outlined to help other Quantum traders build their accounts so participation would be appreciated.

Good trading,

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #782 ---
EURCHF + EURGBP + EURUSD ..... [M15; 10]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Some news:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Red news on the AUD currency might suggest waiting for any entries and monitoring PA across the chart (apply discretion + common market sense)

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #783 ---
2 cycles completed....

AUDUSD [M15; 10 - manual]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

EURUSD [M15; 10 - manual]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

0.02 lots per trade applied.

+2.68% net gain @ X.XX% maximum floating DD!

Both cycles allowed to continue through the London session (monitored and managed)

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #784 ---
Tuesday Trading Cycles

AUDJPY [M15; 10 - manual] and AUDUSD [M15; 10 - manual]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

8 shorts via timing and position on chart

+2.02% FIFO approach

Masterrmind..........

--- 帖子 #785 ---
AUDUSD [M15; 10 - manual]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

2 additional and late shorts on the AU pair have now been closed out .......

CADJPY [M15; 10 - manual]

6 longs in action staggered entries including 2 pending Buy Stops already triggered as price rose to trigger them ......

Is going long a good idea?? [think about the strength shown in the JPY currency ...... risky cycle indeed]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #786 ---
If the current level gives way ......... start reducing positions to preserve the account.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Current floating DD close to 3.5% ..........

Buy Stops can always be placed again at a later time.

Remember that just over 2% net gain was achieved in less than 30 minutes earlier on so do you think going in late with another risky cycle after ATW had already finished was a good idea?

I hope its clear that the answer is a definite NO!

Bow that we are in this cycle it needs to be managed and monitored including keeping a close eye on current floating DD and overall assigned risk on the cycle.

Masterrmind........... :nerd:

--- 帖子 #787 ---
CADJPY [M15; 10 - manual]

Current situation added 1 more long now there are 7 all at 0.02 lots each........

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #788 ---
CADJPY [M15; 10 - manual]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Still hanging onto this cycle .......

Awareness of red news coming out soon ........

Its turning out to be a great example, when profits been taken earlier in the ATW session then it might be best not to trade late cycles.

If this cycle was being traded live would it have been worth all this extra effort and time? I think not.

Current floating DD close to the 5% mark so the risk is to lose what profit has been made with a distinct chance to give back more.

At least in a learning phase on this demo account I hope the dangers are being understood.

Lets see how this final cycle turns out!

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #789 ---
Notice:

Some traders have shown an interest in posting cycles of trades from other small range trading sessions.

For example, trading the London close through to NY close.

If you wish to post cycles from these trading windows then you are welcome to do so.

I would ask at this stage of the learning phase that cycles of trades commencing from the London Open NOT be posted.

We will get to trading the Frankfurt and London sessions at a later stage but certainly not yet due to the likely DD strain on a small 1K account.

Cycles of trades taken from London close through to end of day are most welcome and can be posted to this thread.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #790 ---
The trade balance for CAD came out much worse than expected so do not expect any help to push price UP!

Likely to worsen this cycles current DD so it might simply mean closing out some trades sooner rather than later.

Lets assess the bear strength as we proceed forward.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #791 ---
CADJPY [M15; 10 - manual]

2 pieces of information would have saved this cycle being entered in the first place.

1. The strength of the JPY pair

2. Red impact news out on the CAD pair (data coming out could have been good for the CAD or bad!)

Note:

Did anyone notice the first few cycles I traded today?

1. What pairs were they?

2. What direction were they taken in?

3. What was the result?

Based on 1, 2 and 3 answers above why then would I be long the CADJPY pair??

Make sure you are always aware of what is going on in the pairs you choose to trade.... be aware of the strength in pairs if its exists and trade in the direction that gives your cycle the best odds of being successful.

Hope that's all clear and if not please ask.

Masterrmind............ :nerd:

--- 帖子 #792 ---
As a learning exercise I'm going to leave this CADJPY cycle to run over night since I haven't shown one of these before.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Plenty of commentary will follow later tomorrow but just realize that leaving a cycle like this to run its course over night is NOT recommended!!!

Since the 1K live account is ready to trade I'll be spending far more time on taking the 'best' cycles on it which means from now on the input here might be a little less than usual but this will depend on my available time since I do trade other strategies for a living!

Even if we get a nice pullback up closer to the DO line this type of cycle should NOT be taken!

The SLs have also been extended so that total risk is a little greater than 10% in an effort to keep stops just under key levels of support in this case again just as a learning exercise to show that chart structure also needs to be considered however, total risk should not be breached!

Time for rest.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #793 ---
You traded AUDJPY (Short) and AUD/USD (Short) both wins.

AUDJPY and AUDUSD seem to be in syncro today , infact both short, both wins.

Then you traded AUDUSD (short) and CADJPY (long) which is risky because this pair is more likely to go down.

Maybe this is one possible answer to not take that buy trade, plus the trade was taken outside the trading window ( i'm still reading pag 15 so i don't know if something is changed)

Shuael

--- 帖子 #794 ---
I respect MasterMind but this is a practical example of how hard trading is and the emotional battle that traders go through, even a "Seasoned Trader"like mastermind can fall trap of this, this is a classic text book example. A trader goes against his system and emotionaly he starts to panic and change some stuff on his strategy:

He calls it a learning exercise but deep down he is hoping that price goes back up to his profit target, right now he is not in control and each time you are in that place of not being in control the markets always take advantage of you and eat you up, if he does loose he will have a bullshit excuse in the form of advice that will be covered in a detailed pharagraph that will hide the truth and make him feel better about himself after the loss. Im not picking on mastermind but im exposing the markets and the mistakes that we make as traders, we all make these mistakes.

--- 帖子 #795 ---
It seems like mastermind is trying to develop a following and become a Guru rather than sharing his ideas, i say this because each time he is about to do something new like start this thread or start trading his live acount he first says that he will do those things only if he gets a substantial amount of interest or followers, its either you are starting this thread to create an audience and then sell your method like Udine and be a Guru or you have other plans either than just sharing your idea.

--- 帖子 #796 ---
I don't agree at all.

I'm not reading Masterrmind's thread especially because of the strategy he's using here, i'm reading it because he gives a clear path to follow.

These questions and exercises which you can see all over the thread are meant to keep you busy and think by yourself in order to learn.

For me this is more then enough.

But this is only my opinion.

Would you post or  create a trading account if no one is following you? does it worth it?

That's why, i guess, he's asking it before doing it.

--- 帖子 #797 ---
JOINT Forexfactory March 2015 and only has 2 posts ever since then and both those posts made today on this thread, MASTERMIND IS THIS YOU?

This raises even more suspicion.

--- 帖子 #798 ---
Wow nice research you've done

--- 帖子 #799 ---
CADJPY [M15; 10 - manual]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Overnight cycle left to run ..........

There are many intentional learnings in this cycle taken which should be obvious but I'll go through them in detail later today.....

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #800 ---
you must be enjoying your holiday in ITALY

--- 帖子 #801 ---
Thanks for the respect Soros.

However, you have missed the point totally with respect to this QAM strategy (as have several other traders)

This thread is to outline many many examples of the good, the bad and the ugly.

How to manage such cycles by being very aware of what can occur on a day to day basis trading the markets.

I took the longs on the CADJPY pair intentionally!

This should be very very obvious to any trader because clearly it was in a direction that was against the flow of the JPY.

As stated look at the direction of the 1st few cycles I took yesterday with JPY attached?

Which way did I trade them?

Why did I trade them this way?

Please read the thread far more carefully in the future before you make silly comments that have no benefit whatsoever!

This is not a red/green or other simple type trading system it is far more mentally involved.

The QAM system is methodical, discretionary including accounting for risk on a cycle by cycle basis so that should a trader get caught up in a bad cycle they have the tools to monitor and manage the open trades.

Many times I have stated the following:

1. This thread is a learning thread including good, bad and ugly cycles of trades (and it will continue to be)
2. I take well thought out cycles.
3. I take random cycles
4. I take any other type of cycles

Points 1 through 4 are to show traders what to be aware of, what can happen and how best to monitor and manage their trades!

There is no hidden agenda in starting this thread it was started due to other traders asking me to start a thread (not me personally)

Don't you think that if I wanted a really big gathering of traders that I would trade the demo account as profitably as possible.

Wouldn't that make better sense!

Please read the thread, do your research and you'll clearly see what has been mentioned several times.

Constructive criticism is always welcome I have no problem at all with that including asking questions.

However, deliberate negativity that serves no useful purpose will not be tolerated.

ps. I carry no other aliases on the FF forum only Masterrmind because I will only ever need the ONE!

Have a nice day!

Good trading,

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #802 ---
I've never been to Italy but I'll certainly travel through there once I start slowing down......

I live in Australia but others think I live in Italy ..... how wonderful!

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #803 ---
@ Soros ..........

Read Post#786 regarding the CADJPY longs.

What do you understand?

Should be quite clear I think.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #804 ---
CADJPY [M15; 10 - manual]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Main points are as follows:

1. over 2% had been gained on the account in about 30 minutes so this should have been plenty to stop trading

2. be careful taking cycles against the flow of a currency .... the JPY was clearly strong so trade cycles in the same direction (or minimize risk). This infers waiting for price to pullback, a Q box generated for a sell and then onto it to the downside

3. taking very late cycles can be dangerous as shown here

4. note also that by allowing the CADJPY example to continue to run overnight, risk is increased and the main issue is that come the following trading day most of your assigned equity to trade is tied up in a cycle that should not have been traded in the first place

5. this translates into tying up money that cannot be used should a great cycle present itself TODAY.

Now we must babysit the CADJPY pair for perhaps several hours which is not making the best use of our account.

Hope this helps but most points are common sense however it usually helps to outline the main points.

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #805 ---
Welcome to the thread Shuael!

Spot on and thank you for the input.

Remember always that the trader is responsible for entering or not entering cycles of trades so watch the PA, be aware of any impact news, try to open cycles in the direction of strength if such a direction exists and just remember that if a cycle does not feel right to enter then possibly it should not be entered at all. You can always test the waters however, by entering only a very small number of trades and then monitor them, add to them later if appropriate or close them out quickly once you realize you got the direction wrong.

Good trading,

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #806 ---
Everything that has happened and that was being saith further proves the truth in my words i wrote above, its evident throughout and any good trader will be able to notice, but for the sake of peace let us agree to disagree.

--- 帖子 #807 ---
I invite you to monitor the 1K live account I have setup over here ..........

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?p=8855664

Since this account will be traded to take the best cycles from the best setups as I see it!

There will be losing trades and probably some losing cycles.

However it will be my intention to make only good trades NOT bad as it is preferable to grow the account hopefully into a much larger account.

Time will tell!

ps. Unfortunately I see no truth in your words at all but that's just my opinion.

All the best in your trading,

Masterrmind..............

--- 帖子 #808 ---
CADJPY [M15; 10 - manual]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The pivot point is proving to be a major obstacle to the progression of price to the upside.....

Masterrmind..........

--- 帖子 #809 ---
CADJPY [M15; manual]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Although price has been slowly trending up since the start of todays trading session the situation has remained pretty much the same!

I see no reason to close out trade(s) or the whole cycle at this stage.

Therefore, continue to monitor the pair as before.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #810 ---
Hi all

Trade i entered yesterday after the london close. It was a mistake, it was very risky, i closed it as soon as possible. Should had wait the next signals ( which i didn't take)

What do you think i should have done?

Was it better to leave this pair alone?

EUR/GBP ( 1 min - 200)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The spread remains the same as during the london session ( aroun 1 pip + commissions)

Shuael

--- 帖子 #811 ---
Hi Shuael,

I have London Close 1 hour later than what you have marked on your chart.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Price respected the mid R level just above your entries.

What SL did you apply in pips because you really should not have been stopped out?

What risk% per trade or per cycle are you applying?

I'm thinking that if your stops are so tight perhaps consider reducing the lot size and increasing your stop.

Your stop should have been placed at least 10-20 pips above mid R level (so at least 20 pips above 0.80565)

My chart shows that all shorts taken after London close produced clean winners of about 10 -15 pips!

Look to take shorts from key (or mid) resistance zones especially after price has stalled (failed to keep momentum up and push price higher) and on a clear sign of at least a few bearish candles (especially true on an M1 TF).

Many times price will show the bearish intent and look like its headed down but the bulls often return and take price back up to test the most recent highs again.

When this occurs look for bearish intent as this can offer very good shorting opportunities (if price breaks up higher simply wait and watch PA).

Shorts from where you took them looked ok to me I just think your stops are far too tight, give it some more room to breathe ie a larger stop.

ps. Check your London Close time as I think you have it wrong because once London closes there are only 5 trading hours until the end of the day!

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #812 ---
You're right about the London close, that was my mistake, i checked wrong site with wrong data.

I wasn't stopped out , i closed the trade in profit, 3 pips.

I went short too early due to the time mistake. and closed the trade immediately after the price bounced on the trend line.

My risk is as low as possible , 1000 units per trade. ( 30 pips global sl)

My stop loss was near the resistence lvl, about 15-20 pips away ( i monitored closely the trade). Near the daily resistence level.

The points i pointed out on my chart is where i actually had to enter the trade, as you said.

I was just afraid to reenter .

Shuael

--- 帖子 #813 ---
Ok that makes more sense.

If you are demo trading keep looking for trades in your preferred trading window (London Close offers some great opportunities).

Closing trades out too early is a common fault with many traders no matter how much the experience.

It is something that cannot be perfected ... only improved .... so best idea is to practice as much as possible.

Now that the London Close time is sorted out let me know how your next cycle of trades perform.

Try to go through a systematic approach and think about all the factors outlined in this thread ..... it needs to become automatic!

Trading after London Close and after price headed up closer to the mid R level certainly offered some reasonable pips!

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #814 ---
EURCHF (1M - 200)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Took the first short cycle 10 pips from the the Pivot point, don't worth trading as you said, closed in BE before usd red news.

The second trade also opened far away from my intention. My sl was above the R1(9-10 pips). TP near S1(22pips, average range of this pair) or Pivot (10 pips)

There was also a nice setup on EURGBP which i didn't take because i saw EURUSD and EURCHF moving in the same direction while the eurgbp was moving in the other

side, for this reason i expected it to move down sooner or later.( which happened at the end of the trading window)

The pairs also reacted differently to the same news.

I guess i could reenter short after the news passed, is it a good idea?

Shuael

--- 帖子 #815 ---
If the distance is too small better to either wait and monitor or search for another pair to trade.

I tend to apply SL that are much larger than I see you applying especially on cycles containing multiple trades however, at the end of the day it is you who must decide on a reasonable SL after considering key levels and likely trading window ranges to form an opinion.

News can be very interesting and will move some EUR related pairs opposite to one another so what you need to analyze is the counter (quote) currency.

For example, if the 2 pairs being traded were EURGBP + EURJPY and red news was coming out for the EUR what would you expect to happen in the movements of both pairs if the news was very positive for the EUR based on a very strong recent JPY and a very weak recent GBP.

The answer I can tell you is never that simple to solve but it does depend on the overall reactions of all market participants but more so with the key players not so much the retail traders.

In terms of managing risk it is better in my view to avoid news events that you know from the past have had major influence on the direction of price because it is far too easy to have your positions run into an aggressive DD cycle which is exactly what you do not want!

Once the news has settled down usually evident on the chart by signs of reduced volatility and a return to 'normal' trading ranges then start looking for entries ...... there is no rule to this but at least 30 minutes after the event is a good starting point.

ps. keep posting the charts and making comments because this helps your understanding including those lurking on the sidelines!

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #816 ---
CADJPY [M15; 10 - manual]

Current situation:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Cycle still running but look how many days the account has been tied up in a risky set of trades and now today it has to run through JPY news events which is also not favorable since price could move either way.

Some pluses of course are where the stops were located!

But this cycle is not making any gains on a daily basis which is what we seek.

Nevertheless, I'll keep the cycle running as its proving to be a useful learning exercise albeit a little boring!

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #817 ---
CADJPY [M15; 10 - manual]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Eventual stop out for the 7 longs.

Summary of Main Learning Points

1. If a cycle or 2 has been profitable during the ATW session then stop trading and be grateful for the gain.

2. The earlier cycles were traded in a direction that respected the JPY strength but the CADJPY was not ....

3. So look for strength in a currency and trade cycles that match

4. By allowing a bad cycle of trades to continue valuable time was wasted when other better cycles could have been traded

5. Was the risk breached assuming an assigned 10% maximum DD?

What other lessons can be learned here?

1. 2 trading days were completely wasted ending in a loss that could have been avoided
2. ??
3. ??

In the end all the great work that was done in the first 3 cycles was completely undone by 1 very bad cycle!

What about the curve?

Attached Image

a) a profitable series cycles

b) a bad series of cycles

c) a profitable series of cycles

d) a bad series of cycles
e) what will the next series of cycles be??

The demo is great for outlining these types of bad cycles but make sure you don't allow this type of terminal trading creep into your trades when you decide to trade live!

Masterrmind............ :nerd:

--- 帖子 #818 ---
You doubled the max DD .

2- dont' trade near the pivot ( as i've done in the previous trade )

3- Control the currency strenght and don't trade at the end of the trading window.

I know, i was applying such small SL because i noted that EURCHF has 2 types of movements. change direction at the end of london ( usualy with 2-4 trades) or continuing the trend ( with multiple entries)

I don't know if this kind of analysis can work or not, will see

I was thinking to try the CADJPY pair after the London close. It has an average of 42-46 pip range and it has more trades per cycle.

Maybe a 5 - 15 min chart would be better for this kind of pairs.

What do you think?

Shuael

--- 帖子 #819 ---
The basic idea is to really become very very familiar with the pair or pairs you plan to trade.

The more you know about them the better.

I'd keep away from trading the CAD pairs actually because they are known to be quite unpredictable at times.

But each to their own if you understand the CAD pairs then give them a go if you wish.

I like your thinking with the TF to suit a certain pair .... this is good thinking and also consider how fast price is or is not moving.

For example,

If price is moving very slow in the ATW session or Post London session on a turtle pair then use an M1 TF.

If price is moving faster then use an M5 TF and

If price is moving very fast say on a fast moving or volatile pair then change to a higher TF such as M15.

Also consider interchanging between different TFs even on the same pair eg start on M5 then move to M1 then up to M15 etc just to get a slightly different look on a given pair.

Don't worry if it feels like a lot of work because initially it will but after some time it will be very automatic and you'll just know when you should be applying different TFs .... The M1, M5 and M15 TFs are the popular ones used but I also use many others including H1 and H4 for longer term trade setups using QAM.

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #820 ---
Hello all,

Made 2 trades today.

EURGBP (1M - 200) ( London close - NY close)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Closed near that mini support level because the price almost reached the max range ( around 20-22 pips)

Very often i have very few entries during a cycle , maybe i should wait longer, but with the 5h trading window it seems difficult. Which can be either bad and good.

OR, i can try lower the Quantum indicator, but at that point it would be like 5 pips per cycle.

Better leave it as it is, and in the future ( long future) move to other pairs/trading windows with bigger ranges as you said.

CADJPY (5M - 40) (London close - NY close)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I think it's better to go short on cadjpy  Entered on the 1m chart for better entry point.

Here i got out the trade very soon, even if i tried this pair in order to get multiple entries, didn't work out ( couldn't resist to close it) , will check it out again tomorrow.

Shuael

--- 帖子 #821 ---
Initially I'll always suggest to start with the turtle pairs because in general they are easier to trade for 'newer' traders but eventually and depending on the trading window traded what is required is finding a pair that fits the trading window through extensive analysis (find the average trading ranges, check out the spread (is it reasonably consistent throughout the trading window or does it get really large especially towards the end of the trading day and by this I mean the end of NY session) , look at the typical swings between the upper and lower trending lines and decide if there is enough space to take say 50%-70% of the gap because lets face it you will not often achieve 100%.

What I have provided here is a generalized template with reasonable Quantum values applied but in reality these Q values can be altered to better fit into the trading session of your choice.

Test out say for example on an M1 chart Q values that vary around the general 200 value.

There will be charts that do not alter much at all even if you change the Q value from say 100 to 250.

Look at Q on a chart and really try to understand what it is showing .... as 1 candle completes (current candle) then a candle 200 bars back will shift 1 position to the right meaning based on the time of a candle the calculations for Quantum flow with this time on a candle by candle basis. The highs and lows are then re-calculated between this assigned periodic movement .... 1 position to the right as time continues.

There are many many factors to come to terms with in this QAM strategy but eventually it will all start to make sense and almost instinctively you'll know what Q value can be applied to a given pair based on the TF of the chart. You'll also be able to adjust these values quickly if required to better match up with the traded chart!

CADJPY - The great thing about the market is even if the trend heavily favors the downside as it did recently in this pair there will always be some kind of a pullback be it small, medium or large .... chart structure can give you some clues so try to look for likely pullback zones and potential continuation levels (this means if the trend is heavily biased to the downside then if going long look for very small TPs and much longer TPs for shorting. Eventually you might get caught out once the trend has decided to completely reverse with now CAD having the strength and this is why your risk per trade or risk per cycle always need to be adhered too. Apply lower risk on a trade against the general direction of strength and standard risk with the flow of strength (never go beyond your assigned risk as this will eventually lead to a terminal account .... ie ZERO balance).

The more you test it the more you will see!

Masterrmind..............

--- 帖子 #822 ---
EURJPY [M15; 10 - manual] + NZDJPY [M15; 10]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Comments?

Masterrmind..........

--- 帖子 #823 ---
Thank you for your comments/feedback Materrmind.

Two pairs are moving almost in the same way because of JPY. So it's better to trade in the same direction.

Opening a position short after the small pullback should be a good idea too.

(even if the price is moving up on 1h chart?)

--- 帖子 #824 ---
Yes exactly right!

Weigh up the factors and trade the pairs in the direction that offers the most likely success.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #825 ---
EJ + NJ

2 by positive cycles........

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #826 ---
EURJPY [M15; 10 - manual]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

NZDJPY [M15; 10 - manual]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Consider the annotations in the charts!

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #827 ---
Some points to consider

1. Both EJ + NJ pairs pretty much moving in sync with eachother

2. Entries on both pairs were made almost halfway through the ATW session potentially leading to less time to hit TPs

3. Entries made after Q signals and price showing bearish intent below the pivot (or close to it in the case of the NJ pair)

4. TPs on both pairs placed at realistic levels .... below the pivot and above the DO line in line with chart structure!

5. Closing out trades before the end time or no later than 1 hour after the end time potentially reduces DD.

6. If the ATW session end time is about too or has occurred and a Quantum reversal signal is produced consider closing out the trades (prefer +ve)
7. What other points can be taken from these 2 examples that could be applied on future cycles of trades?

Masterrmind............. :nerd:

--- 帖子 #828 ---
If i was trading EURJPY , i think , i would close the first trade after the blu box was printed out and after the price bounced from the trending line. ( same with the second trade).

Then i would go short around 123.950 after the  3 red boxes.

And the reason is that the price, during these periods ( also after the london close), is more likely ( not always) to move to DO or to the pivot point.

So we should be very aware of where the pivot and DO are.

I would apply very similar approach to the NZDJPY trade too.

I also noticed that some pairs , during my window trading ( London close- NY close) start to move ( not always) in the DO direction in the midle of trading window.

I didn't take any trade yesterday as the pairs i was watching were all near their pivot/DO lines, also my trading window is near the close of the market for the weekend.

Shuael

--- 帖子 #829 ---
Yes you are noticing the right types of price behavior patterns ........

EJ + NJ certainly very similar in the way we would trade them so the question to ask next is why then don't we just double our positions on EJ and not worry about trading the NJ pair?

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #830 ---
I guess we don't because of the risk management, similar to what happens when you create a portfolio, never put all the money in the same asset ( pair).

Also, the pairs will not go in syncro forever and by the behavior of one you can presume what likely will happen to the other. For exemple, you got the blu box on the first trade on EURJPY 1 hour earlier to NZDJPY , beacause of this you can start to look for a possible exit point on the NZDJPY.

I hope what i'm saying has any valuable sense

Shuael

--- 帖子 #831 ---
Its to share the risk between 2 similarly 'trending' pairs and you are right they do not always trend in the same direction all of the time.

The trending terminology used here also refers to ranging pairs so in effect it means similar PA patterns between the 2 pairs.

Due to similar behavior between the 2 pairs including similar trading ranges within the ATW session (Daily Ranges on average are a bit higher on EJ) when a reverse Q signal appears prior to the other pair then indeed you can start thinking about looking for an exit out of your trades.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

If you study the charts of the 2 pairs say with 1 chart above the other and go back in time from 1 ATW session to the next (making sure each pair shows the same ATW daily slot) previous session then you start to see some very interesting points in terms of PA and Q generation.

Now start looking for other pairs traded in tandem (together at the same time) that exhibit similar PA behavior.

Is this just coincidence or is it something that can be traded to our advantage?

ps. as an exercise look back historically at the ATW session of both pairs and take a look at the times when Q boxes are generated at very similar candles (times) and when 1 pair produces a Q box when the other pair does not. For example when EJ produces a blue Q box on the M15 TF but NJ does not ... look at the direction of price on both charts ... what do you see .... now look back over multiple days and form an opinion!

Do you think that one of these pairs or indeed both could at certain times be used as a leading indicator of the likely direction of price moving forward?

In other words if the EJ pair generates a blue Q box (NJ does not) and you are short several entries on NJ do you think closing out some if not all of the trades on NJ is feasible?

Masterrmind.........

--- 帖子 #832 ---
I'm not really sure but this are some things i've noticed:

- Usually a box is printed on the chart earlier if a pair has more price range;

But i would enter only the pair in which the box has been printed.

Sometimes, one pair can trend after the box while the other may stay still.

It's better to monitor the behaviour of the correlated pair.

- Distance between trending lines may be also usefull;

- Previous price structure is also important:

- If there are some important levels a box will be printed because of how the inidicator is calculated

- This can not be true on the second pair.

- If the pair is trending before the trading window is more likely to print a box before the other pair.

- I think, this kind of analysis should be used only in order to exit a trade and not to enter. Otherwise we can fall in an unnecessary DD.

Yes, i think i would be better to look for a exit point.

I've tried to analyse EURUSD and GBPUSD during London Close- NY close, it has similar behaviour to EUJPY and NZDJPY during asian session.

Shuael

--- 帖子 #833 ---
If the distance between trending points on a given pair are 'too close' together when trading on an M15 chart then look to drop down to an M5 and re-assess, if necessary drop down further to an M1.

If the trending gap is <10 pips then it may not be worth trading that pair at that time ... this is a discretionary point decided only by the trader. It may not be worthwhile if full TPs are the aim but it may be fine for short term scalping type trades (FIFO).

There are many other correlated pairs that can be examined too including EJ + GJ however, the trading ranges can be quite different so you need to examine how this might affect trading those 2 pairs in tandem. Also think about the timing for example, if overall the JPY currency is strong and both the EUR and the GBP currencies are weak how would this affect the cycles?

Now compare this to cycles when JPY = strong, EUR = weak and GBP = strong.

Also as you pointed out using EU + GU is another set that can be used together.

Using Q for the exit is correct that's how I'd play it too!

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #834 ---
AUDJPY [M15; 10]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Start putting together a logical explanation of where price is likely to be headed and where a potential entry or set of entries is likely to be.

This pair has been bullish since the start so just follow price up and simply wait for the momentum to slow down.

Think about zones on the chart where early short entries could be staged (possibly entered).

Make a solid case for your cycles before you place trade#1!

What about staging Sell Stops in anticipation for a reversal in price?

If price breaks through the 1st resistance level and keeps pushing up higher make sure you know how far it is in pips to the next key level up, consider what the additional DD would be and if its critical or is easily managed.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #835 ---
Made two trades today.

EURCHF (5min - 40)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I've decided to exit the trade at the break even point, because the price didn't move at all ( 3 pip range).

USDJPY (5min - 40)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

This pair has an average of 40 pip range during London Close - NY close.

I decided to exit earlier. Was afraid to turn the trade in to a losing one.

Need to learn to wait.

What i could do better in these trades?

EJ and GJ going down in syncro.

One pair has more range then the other?

I would watch the reaction of the price when it hits an important level before make a decision. You would put a sell stop order?

Maybe it's a strange question but, how do you analyse the strenght of a certain currency? Just watch the overall movement of that currency on higher time frames?

Thank you

--- 帖子 #836 ---
If price doesn't move the way you expect it too or its showing signs of consolidation then there is no issue with closing out of the trade(s) and looking for better opportunities in other pairs.

Experience will help in terms of being patient ... it simply takes time but it requires staying very focused on the pairs currently running.

Any sign of price wanting to head against your position(s) then you need to be ready to act decisively!

Strength of a currency:

There are almost as many ways to determine the strength of a currency as there are grains of sand on a beach!

Well not really but there are many methods.

The strength of a currency could be determined by analyzing the fundamentals, continual positive data driving short to medium term sentiment of a currency in one direction or the other, consecutive TFs (M5, M15, M30, H1 etc) with the same directional behavior such as all bullish or all bearish, currency strength indicators such as spaghetti or garia or a host of other similar tools (some good some bad).

What we need to focus on here is whats relevant for the time period that we wish to trade and the typical trading time for a given cycle.

1. Which pair and what TF are we applying in our cycles?

2. How long do we expect a typical cycle to last once its triggered?

M1 TF; typical historical cycle time = ?

M5 TF; typical historical cycle time = ?

M15 TF; as above

etc etc

Sometimes there may not be any obvious relationship at all!

Nothing is certain in trading its more about what is likely to occur based on an understanding of historical data and known current events.

The next cycle we trade could go against our analysis and that's ok because we know over the longer term that overall averages should win through.

Risk management also protects our account in these types of situations.

What we need to do is to form our best expectation of what typically occurs or is likely to occur given all the information that we have at our disposal.

At this stage I do not really want to get involved in a long debate about currency strength because it is not a simple concept.

However consider the following dilemma:

Imagine you enter a long cycle based on your own 'comprehensive' analysis of a given pair lets say USDJPY.

The problem is the analysis might be very good at the entry level including a bounce up off key support but after only 10 pips into the cycle price reverses hard and heads against you.

Since we do not know the future there is no way we can know that price will continue as we expect ... simple as that!

How often do you see a very strong bullish run of say 3 by M5 candles to be followed by an aggressive engulfing bearish single candle?

Perhaps not that often but I tell you they certainly do occur.

I don't usually use currency strength meters or indicators when trading the QAM strategy however, I am very familiar with the gadi_currencies indicator which is available here on FF forum so feel free to test it out if you wish ... it is derived from price and therefore technically is a lagging indicator (but not a bad one in my opinion) but if applied correctly it can be very very useful (I do not generally apply it to trading QAM though).

I would use it sometimes for high lot entry trades on a given set of pairs with multiple gadi TFs open on a chart at the same time.

If you get really good at reading price across the chart as in PA and candlestick patterns then you may not need it at all.

I may still consider adding it to the current template but I'll have to think about it more.

I may also add a CCI modified indicator which also prints a vertical line Q periods back from the current candle.

Good trading,

Masterrmind.........

--- 帖子 #837 ---
EJ short cycle in action.........

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

2 more shorts added so currently 6 in total

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #838 ---
EURJPY [M15; 10 - manual]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Now post ATW session heading into London...........

2 Sell Stops added under R1.......

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #839 ---
Hello Masterrmind, thank you for the deep explanation.

Is your global Sl around 124.200, near the resistence level? on the EJ trade?

--- 帖子 #840 ---
Stops from 124.200 level and higher actually which are reasonable considering the chart.

Stops are likely to be modified later!

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #841 ---
Hello,

Had two trade yesterday.

I saw AUDJPY and USDJPY having the same behaviour during my trading window for this reason i decided to go short on both.

One worked out the other went horribly wrong

EURJPY (5MIN - 40)

One trade only, decided to exit to lock the profit, after 2 candles a blue box was printed.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

AUDJPY (5MIN - 40)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Ok, here i made something wrong for sure.Late in the trading session the spread went wilde. Infact the 3d trade had 5pips spread, which is huge considering that the price was moving in a 12-18 pip range.

I wanted also to have more patience and try to enter more trades.

I had to left the trade overnight ( very bad decision..)

I set up the SL and TP (at break even), the TP was missed for 1 pip

I managed the trade very badly, what could i do in these cases?

Maybe i shouldn't even have traded this pair?

Shuael

--- 帖子 #842 ---
It happens that you might miss TP by a pip.

I can recall several trades when that has occurred and typically it happens the minute you look away from the chart.... funny that!

That's one issue with the trading window slots.

Towards the end of the day ie heading into the end of NY session the spreads can widen quite ridiculously so you really have to watch this carefully and see how much it impacts on your trading especially when the trading ranges are tight!

Perhaps look to end cycles sooner rather than later!

This is not always practical though.

If you consider the Asian Trading session the spreads start off quite wide and then start to narrow (in general) due to higher market activity.

But in your session its kind of the opposite, trading activity slows down towards the end of the day and spreads start to widen.

So you might need to look at the spreads and the brokers you use and try to find a happy middle ground.

It could also mean selecting other 'go-to' pairs or if you decide to trade 2 pairs make sure at least 1 pair has a reasonably 'tight' spread compared to the other.

Practice is all that's required you'll soon start to make sense of the market .... it is chaotic afterall

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #843 ---
Wednesday Cycle

EURGBP [M15; 10 - manual]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

3 long winners for a small net gain

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #844 ---
Thursday Trading Cycle

Long on the EURCHF pair

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Masterrmind..........

--- 帖子 #845 ---
AUD pairs affected by red news

EURGBP pair aggressively UP

EJ, NJ and UJ looking for a long entry

Masterrmind........ :nerd:

--- 帖子 #846 ---
EURJPY [M15; 10 - manual]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Long cycle added with TP just below the pivot!

Concern is going long from just below the DO line .... hmmm!

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #847 ---
Going long when price is under the DO line could mean bearing additional DD since price could simply keep going down until it meets a key level of support.

Best not to to take trades from this location.

Cycles could still work out ok but why enter trades that have less positive factors on your side.

I hope the long EJ cycle is clear ..... so think about entries before committing!

Masterrmind............ :nerd:

--- 帖子 #848 ---
EURCHF [M15; 10 - manual]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

EURJPY [M15; 10 - manual]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

How would you manage these 2 cycles?

10 longs @ 0.02 lots a piece on EURCHF

10 longs @ 0.02 lots a piece on EURJPY

Masterrmind........... :nerd:

--- 帖子 #849 ---
Think about the following:

1. Assigned risk per cycle and total assigned risk

2. Start thinking about a progressive tightening of SLs

3. Shift TPs further out but try to keep some TPs within recent PA levels

4. ATW has ended so what does that suggest?

5. What can we expect heading into London?

6. Are there too many positions open at the same time?

7. Should any trades be closed out? If so how many and why?

8. What other hidden dangers are there?

These are the types of questions that should be going through your thinking processes every time a situation such as this arises!

By understanding what can happen and what can potentially go wrong when trading multiple cycles of trades you are becoming far better informed and more experienced traders.

Showing only winning cycles of trades will not help you at all if you get yourself into a bad cycle!

This thinking process should eventually become automatic so you'll know what to do.

Masterrmind............ :nerd:

--- 帖子 #850 ---
I'm not trading these days.

You are right about spread, they can kill your possible profit.

The loss i took was 6 times bigger the profit i made ( it was the max DD that i could handle).

Need to think about a way to manage better my trades.

After the ATW it's possible that the pair range become bigger ( also trending situations). The number of positions depends on your overall max DD and risk per cycle, but it's better to be carefull because you'are out of the ATW.

Don't you think that allowing a DD of 30% is too much?

I'm around 10% and it's pretty stressful

Good trading

--- 帖子 #851 ---
Yes 30% is too much for sure.

The problem is that if you allow the account to get down to say 30% floating DD and you then decide to apply Plan B which is to open relatively much larger lot trades then your account might be pushed in handling the required margin especially if you attempt or need to open a few of these bigger trades.

Therefore, if you attempt to stay at 5% to 10% maximum floating DD then the minute you see a breach of the 10% mark via the indicator then you can quickly close out 1 or 2 trades in the cycle to keep DD <10%.

Also by assigning no more than 10% your account can easily handle a series of larger lot FIFO trades to recover any losses (unless you get that wrong too).

The idea though should be to limit the number of trades in a given cycle and to close out some trades than to let them run into the next day.

You saw the headaches that can be created on the UJ cycle I took live by allowing trades to continue!

The assigned total maximum floating DD of 10% is just a number so each trader needs to determine what risk suits him or her.

You don't want to go too high though because if you get caught in a bad cycle and lose say 30% of the account then its a massive challenge in trying to recover from this loss.

Remember you need to make much more than a 30% net gain on your account to get back to 1K if you just lost 30%.

BALANCE AFTER 30% LOSS is: $1000 - 30%*$1000 = $700

RECOVER is: $700 + X% of $700 = $1000

X = 42.86%

So now you need to make a 42.86% net gain on the $700 just to get back to break even ie $1000 again!

What about if you keep it at 10% total risk?

BALANCE AFTER 10% LOSS is: $1000 - 10%*$1000 = $900

RECOVER is: $900 + X% of $900 = $1000

X = 11.11%

So now you need to make a 11.11% net gain on the $900 just to get back to break even ie $1000 again!

Far easier than having to make a 42% gain!

So be careful on the assigned DD you apply to your cycles.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #852 ---
The 10% is not really the loss you should allow on a cycle.

It should be viewed as the ultimate loss if you do nothing to manage your cycle of trades.

Managing the trades implies closing some out on a minor pullback in the case of a developing strong trend against your positions (not always easy to do because its human nature to fight against any loss no matter the size).

Limiting the number of entries (no need to open a trade every time a Q box appears), this will lead to disaster

[On a very big account trading very very small lots its a totally different situation]

I've tried to show throughout this thread many bad situations so traders become very familiar with what can and will go wrong.

You just have to be so very careful trading the 1K account.

So limit the entries when you start trading live to 2-3 max until the account gets bigger.

Over the coming weekend I'll try to put together a basic trading plan, initial lot sizing, pairs to start trading with and a realistic set of goals.

I'll also upload a basic spreadsheet with compounding attached so that for a given net daily or net weekly %gain it will give traders an idea of how long it might take under favorable conditions to achieve certain milestones for example, if you consistently made 0.5 % on average every trading day how long would it take you to double your account....

Its important to have goals but its also important to realize that some days will be losers (hopefully not the full 10% but I think starting out limit the floating DD to say 3-5% and no more).

You can fill out details in the spreadsheet for each trading day and tabulate basic data such as % gain/loss, $ gained/lost etc and a comments column to make any brief but important notes about that particular trading day (bad pair choice, opened too many trades and got into a bad DD situation or any other points worthy of comment).

Then in your free time for example over the weekend spend some time going through the weekly cycles of trades you took and focus on the bad trades, why they were losers? could you have done something better to avoid the loss? Did the chart present any clues about likely exit point? Can I make improvements and do better next time?

The aim of all of this is to make you aware of your short comings, focus on improving and over time get better and more consistent results.

These habits (hopefully only the good ones) can then be transferred onto other less risky trading strategies.

Much more can be said but that's a start nonetheless!

Masterrmind........ :nerd:

--- 帖子 #853 ---
Definitely true , I like your MM view , its the first thing trader should know b4 he/she start to trading,

first need to know Money Management and Risk Management as well.

Cheers .

Al.

--- 帖子 #854 ---
I base all my trading on risk management!

Always ask yourself a simple question .... How much can I lose if this position goes bad?

No matter the length of time trading it never hurts to hear it one more time!

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #855 ---
Down about 4.5% today in this demo for learning purposes account.

Will the Euro strength carry through and turn a loser day into a nice winner or will it get scared at the pivot and head for the lows again.

Notice in these 2 pairs today I had 10 long entries on each cycle.

After ATW session I tightened up the stops on the EURCHF pair only to have 8 stops taken out (2 longs still running)

Whereas on the EURJPY pair I left the stops out nice and wide and price reversed well before taking them out.

The EJ pair now has price heading to the upside well away from the stops.

That's trading for you but its always a better idea to follow sound rules and work with the averages as these are more likely to work out for you over the longer term!

On the EJ pair if price gets to about 123.500 the loss will turn into a nice profit!

EURJPY [M15; 10 - manual]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

EURCHF [M15; 10 - manual]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Note: I have just tightened up the stops again on the EJ pair just to be clear!

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #856 ---
Price pulling back from the pivot on the EJ pair.........

Attached Image

So how do we play it now?

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #857 ---
You can only will price through the pivot for so long and then sooner or later a decision will need to be made!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

1. Let the trades keep running and keep monitoring

2. Close out all the trades currently in profit and allow the rest to run

3. Close them all out now and take about a 5.5% loss for the day (the longer we wait the more likely that figure will blow out)

4. Do something else?

ps. Draw a trendline on the chart and hope price respects it or if that fails that S1 support holds.... hmmm

Masterrmind........... :nerd:

--- 帖子 #858 ---
Better hurry up with a decision I'm waiting!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Due to the lack of a decision that daily loss is looking really bad now!

Not long now until the stops are smashed so what should we do?

ps. I won't be moving the stops lower either ... they remain as they are!

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #859 ---
Getting closer .............

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Don't worry its ok the recent swing low will hold up price ..... hehe ... are you sure?

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #860 ---
The power of the swing low???

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #861 ---
From following price action on the chart what 2 things were the most powerful?

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #862 ---
Goodness me the class is asleep today!

Answer:

1. Pivot Point and

2. Recent swing low

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #863 ---
Based on the price action of the chart what would be the preferred course of action should price reach the pivot point (the blue horizontal line) again?

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #864 ---
Options provided are as follows:

1. Close out all the trades as soon as price gets close enough to the pivot?

2. Monitor the price action to see if price shows an intent to break up through the pivot leading to the chance of higher gains from the current cycle but if price shows signs of wanting to get bearish on us again be ready to close out all the trades at a moments notice.

Masterrmind..............

--- 帖子 #865 ---
Based on the price action shown on the chart below what course of action would you recommend if you had to leave the platform for the night?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Masterrmind............ :nerd:

--- 帖子 #866 ---
What about if the chart now looks like this:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

You need to be aware of the possibility that price could respect the trendline even though it did not on the previous bearish candle!

Masterrmind........... :nerd:

--- 帖子 #867 ---
Or like this ...........

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Masterrmind..........

--- 帖子 #868 ---
Thank you for your time and explanations Masterrmind. I alwasy review all my trades as you say.

In my opinion it's a bit too risky to leave those orders open overnight. They are placed in an area which seems to hold the price in the short term.

--- 帖子 #869 ---
Well that's me done for the night!

I'll leave the cycle to continue through the night into Friday.

If price holds again at the recent swing lows then its likely to head back up towards the pivot but it does have a number of obstacles to overcome along the way.

If this was my live account I'd consider closing out half the trades now, drop the TPs about 10 pips below the pivot point and let them run!

Since its a demo I'll leave them to run just the way they are and comment later tomorrow!

Note the PA though its heavily biased towards the downside at the moment so stops could be taken out sooner rather than later.

ps. Relevant points raised Shuael I'll discuss more tomorrow .....

Time for rest!

Masterrmind..........

--- 帖子 #870 ---
Friday Trading session

The EURCHF + EURJPY long cycles continue from yesterday

2 longs remain on the EURCHF pair (8 stopped out yesterday)

10 longs remain on the EURJPY pair

EURCHF [M15; 10 - manual]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

EURJPY [M15; 10 - manual]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Price has continued to move up after retesting the recent lows.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #871 ---
Post 870 mentioned a few points about what I would do if it was a live account in particular closing out half the trades and reducing the TPs to about 10 pips or so under the pivot. Price would have almost hit that level.

Now that the trades are still running except for 8 from the EURCHF pair its time to readjust the TPs and the SLs so they fit with the current chart!

On the EJ pair stops adjusted slightly higher but TPs left where they were as no immediate need to alter them.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Note: EURCHF is fine the way it is!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Note: With EURCHF being a turtle pair don't expect it to move very far all that soon so it could be a long day for those trades. Presently the long entries are only a few pips below entry so no danger at all ..... just monitor them from time to time throughout the day and then once they get into profit (if they do ..... I think they will!) consider closing them out for a small gain or let them run longer .... traders choice always.

Masterrmind..........

--- 帖子 #872 ---
Be aware of the Tokyo Open in less than 30 minutes especially on the EJ pair.

If all trades were closed out now the loss from yesterday is 4.37% and the current floating loss is close to 1% so you'd end up with about 5.4% approximately.

Note that if the EJ TPs get hit then yesterdays loss will be erased and a net% gain will be made today.

Note also that the TP levels for EJ are not too unrealistic as its important to set (or readjust) these levels so that they make sense on the given chart.

There is no point at all having the TPs 200 pips up higher because we know based on average trading window ranges that having this type of level hit today is highly unlikely.

So make sure you keep the projected TPs within the average trading ranges for the pair you are trading!

Better in this case to give the trades a chance but certainly keep a close watch over them!

Masterrmind............ :nerd:

--- 帖子 #873 ---
Some major China news due out today.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

What pair(s) is that news likely to affect and how likely is it to interfere with a given cycle?

Form an opinion that's all you need to do!

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #874 ---
EURJPY [M15; 10 - manual]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Price has now moved up nicely ......... but will it keep pushing up or start to retrace?

Masterrmind..........

--- 帖子 #875 ---
Stops all moved up just under midR level (dashed red horizontal line)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Profit is now locked in..........

Could have closed out the cycle to negate yesterdays loss but decided to give price a chance to push a little higher.

Now I can relax and simply allow price to do its thing.

I know the cycle will make a net% gain

I know it will not erase yesterdays loss if the stops get taken out

I know there is a reasonable chance that price could push up higher nearer to the TPs.

So the plan is to keep monitoring the pair.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #876 ---
EJ cycle

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Price has pushed up again so you have the following choices

1. leave it to run its course

2. close out all trades now

3. close out half the trades and tighten up the stops on the remaining trades

Keep in mind that price has moved up again to test today's recent highs!

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #877 ---
The longer it takes price to break up through the R1 level 123.528 what do you think is most likely to happen?

Based on this answer what should you do?

Masterrmind............ :nerd:

--- 帖子 #878 ---
Waiting for some instructions on the EJ cycle?

What do you suggest?

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #879 ---
Current position on EJ cycle

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Note: the cluster of lines just under midR (red dashed horizontal line) are where all the stops are placed!

Masterrmind........

--- 帖子 #880 ---
Price has continued to slowly move up on the EJ pair.

Profit is locked in so therefore I have now moved TPs up higher closer to the 123.650 level.

Why not try to squeeze more profit out of the cycle if price is willing .... no guarantee that it will though!

I'm ok with where the stops currently sit so no immediate plans to tighten them.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #881 ---
EJ

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Bullish intent noted...

TPs moved up higher again

Awareness of the reverse Q box signals but more interested in the overall direction of price at this stage.

The idea is to attempt to extract as much profit as possible whilst remaining sensible in our expectations of price progression.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #882 ---
Closed out the 2 longs on EURCHF for a very small gain (overall net loss on that cycle though)

Focus is now solely on the EJ cycle.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #883 ---
Anyone think to look at the AUD pairs?

No red news but they moved and they moved a lot.

Why?

Masterrmind........ :nerd:

--- 帖子 #884 ---
EURJPY [M15; 10 - manual]

All 10 trades now closed out.

Yesterdays loss erased and net% gain today!

Now lets move onto another likely pair to trade being aware that its Friday so we don't want any cycles left over the weekend due to very likely gap ups or gap downs when the market opens on Monday.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #885 ---
Long AJ

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #886 ---
Long AU

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #887 ---
AUDJPY [M15; 10 - manual]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

AUDUSD [M15; 10 - manual]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

14 trades

14 winners

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #888 ---
What do you notice about the timing of the entries from 1 pair to the next?

Does it make any sense?

Masterrmind............ :nerd:

--- 帖子 #889 ---
Have a great weekend everyone once your trading is done for the day.

I'll be trading away in the background though but from one of my other live accounts.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #890 ---
Trading Plan, lot sizes, number of trades and EXCEL

The following is what we have at our disposal:

1. Access to news feeds (FF News, Bloomberg, Reuters or Ransqwark news feeds as the case may be) to keep in tune with the markets

2. A trading template and appropriate indicators

3. An understanding of risk and how to apply it to cycles (visible i-profit indicator on the chart but other software can also be applied)

2-3% maximum floating DD initially (new skill level traders)*

3-5% maximum floating DD (medium skill level traders)*

5-10% maximum floating DD (experienced skill level traders)*

* At the end of the day the trader is responsible for determining their own level of risk tolerance so treat the above as a guide only.

4. Number of Trades per cycle and lot size

Initially start at 0.01 lots per trade and 2-3 trades maximum per cycle at the one time

The following Xcel sheet is a very basic example of how a trader might start trading the QAM System considering variations in lot size, number of trades, number of pairs and other factors.

Attached File(s)   QAM-2.xlsx

135 KB
|
345 downloads

It also contains a Daily goal chart which in a 'perfect' world suggests an account growth based on a given net daily% gain (0.5, 0.75, 1, 1.5, 1.75, 2, 2.5, 3, 4 and 5%)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

An interest amount based on a net daily% gain is also included to give an idea of how much profit would need to be made every trading day to reach the goal.

Ofcourse this is based on having every day traded perfectly which is a difficult task at the best of times.

Depending on the net daily% rate chosen some days may be much higher than the required rate while other days might be lower.

It is still a good idea to get used to what daily profit is required to reach a $$ amount from a known starting amount.

Use it as a guide only but you should attempt to make the daily minimum so that you stay focused!

Note 1: You should only alter Columns B,C, D and E.

Note 2: The $/Lot amount is set at $10 for convenience but in reality this will depend on the pair.

Note 3: Lots per trade should not exceed 0.02

Note 4: The Assumed Maximum Stop value is set to 75 pips however, this should be set to your calculated global SL for the pair you plan to trade. Turtle pairs such as EURCHF and EURGBP have ATW global SLs of about 30 to 45 pips so this will make a big difference in the calculations.

Most Important Part is the risk per cycle

Make sure that % Loss (risk) shown in Column H does not exceed the assigned maximum risk per cycle!

3% risk is used in the spreadsheet where I have intentionally tried to keep Column H values <=3% (less than 3% is good)

Its up to the trader to decide on this value but I strongly suggest keeping it very low initially maybe working up to 10% after a long time trading however, once the balance gets a lot larger then what we'll do is actually reduce the risk%.

I'll outline this is far more detail once we make it to that stage which could be several months .....

It is a very basic spreadsheet and meant to be that way so the trader can build on it to suit their own preferences.

I suggest you make several copies of the actual sheet and then make one for say 2 pair and another one for 3 pairs if later you wish to trade multiple pairs.

Multiple pairs can add risk because of additional margin required however, depending on the pairs being traded it can also offset some risk!

On the next post I'll outline some information about goals and likely time horizons in meeting these goals.

ps. If you find any errors in the spreadsheet let me know so that I can fix them!

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #891 ---
GOAL SETTING

The QAM Trading Method thread has an Excel file called QAM-2.xlsx which was recently uploaded.

It contains the same material as QAM-1.xlsx but also includes an additional goals sheet that outlines projected compounded profit based on daily% gains.

Please find attached QAM-3.xlsx which will be used moving forward including updating it on a regular basis.

Attached File(s)   QAM-3.xlsx

180 KB
|
384 downloads

I've included the following daily% gains namely; 0.25%, 0.5%, 0.75%, 1%, 1.5%, 1.75%, 2%, 2.5%, 3%, 4% and 5%

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The idea is to make a consistent effort to meet short, medium and longer term goals.

Short term being daily through to a week

Medium term being weekly through to a month

Longer term being monthly through to quarterly and onto yearly

So we would want to start off with something like the following:

Expected daily% net gain set to 0.5% and at the start of every trading day all calculations are based on that balance.

A new trading day then bases all calculations off that starting days account balance and so on so that compounding is applied.

By referring to the Excel provided click on and open the Daily% gain sheet.

For the 1st trading day I'll apply a net daily% gain of 0.5% as an example

Now highlight the 0.5% column starting from cell D1 (I've used yellow but choose any color you like)

Then highlight both Day 1 and the interest amount required (shown in green in the attached image) for cells A3 and E3

Day 1

Attached Image

Similarly for each day thereafter until a week is completed (5 trading days) as below:

Week 1

Attached Image

Month 1 (assume 20 days for now but it will vary from month to month)

Attached Image

.......... and so on.

Now that you have a basic idea of what you need to make in $ (or equivalent currency) each day to reach a certain goal be it daily, then weekly, then monthly, then quarterly and yearly insert an additional column into the spreadsheet as shown below where you can input the end of each trading days profit (or loss).

(you could insert 2 columns naming one Actual $gain and the other one Actual %gain but its the Actual $gain column that's easier to follow).

Attached Image

Then insert another column directly to the right of the Actual $gain column and name it "Comments".

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The "Comments" column is where you will briefly outline the main points for that particular trading day (good and bad)

Then as soon as you have free time (no later than the following weekend) go through these comments especially the bad ones and try to determine such questions as the following:

1. Could the trade(s) that lost have been avoided?

2. Did I miss something?

3. Was I following all my rules?

4. If rules were broken why were they broken and did this lead to unnecessary loss?

5. How can I improve next time so that I avoid these mistakes? Can they be avoided?

6. Were too many trades opened?

7. Was the assigned floating DD breached (exceeded)? If so why?

8. Any other important considerations.

The idea is to look at the mistakes, address them, identify the reasons and to improve.

Note: The daily% gains are to give you some direction obviously some days the market gives out little and other days it gives out more and some days it will take a little back, this is trading. The idea though is to keep motivated, focused and with your eyes set firmly on the target (which over the long term should be the $10K mark. Yes it looks like a huge mountain to climb but if you keep your trading in order and control the risk then you never know what might happen.

Good trading,

Masterrmind..........

--- 帖子 #892 ---
Daily% gain

Although an initial value for the net daily% gain should be chosen in reality this value might be readily exceeded or not achieved at all.

Therefore, over several trading days or possibly several trading weeks a better idea of the average net daily% gain will be highlighted in the trading account as well as what has been documented in the spreadsheet.

Then it makes better sense to apply a net daily% gain figure that is slightly higher than the average value so that some room for improvement is allowed. There is no point in applying a lower value or a value that is far too high!

Higher net daily% gain may translate into higher potential risk!

If you scroll down to the bottom of the 0.5% column it shows the following:

Attached Image

The range of daily profit required to turn 1K into 10K applying 0.5% net daily gain starts from $5.00 and ends at $49.83.

The number of successful trading days to achieve this is about 462 days or just under 2 years.

Now that you know this information you can start working out if 0.5% net daily gain actually suits you and do you think its achievable?

Look at the profit required column especially the start to finish range for any of the given %gains and check to see that given your trading plan that is, the number of pairs and the number of trades and the lot size per trade is it possible to achieve this goal.

In other words you must check to make sure your trading plan matches up reasonably well with your trading goal!

There is no point choosing a net daily% gain of 2.5 if you are going to have problems with a profit per day range between $25 and $250

It may also be necessary to think about trading 2 pairs in tandem.

But which pairs would be suitable?

There is always research to be done so that everything matches up and the final plan offers a reasonable chance of success.

Moving forward and based on incoming data, adjustments can and should be made if reasonable progress is NOT being made.

Eventually, a happy middle ground will be found that suits you personally.

Take note of the following:

The reality is that the net daily% gain achieved over a given period might be all over the place with average returns to negative returns to very high returns.

So we need to find a way of measuring the quality of the trading activity.

Fortunately many trading statistics are calculated for us in the TE, myfxbook, FXBlue or other similar analytic accounts.

Spend some time getting to understand exactly what they mean and how they might help with your trading ability.

I will probably address many of these parameters over time in this thread but these values should never be taken literally.

The values need to be put carefully into context and matched up to the type of trading being performed.

Some of the parameters I use alot are:

1. Expectancy - a good parameter because it tells me how much money is likely to be made on the next trade.

2. Standard Deviation - a good parameter it tells me how likely a given return will be from the expectancy.

3. GHPR - a good parameter it tells me if my system will make money over time if compounded (if GHPR < 0 bin the system!).

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #893 ---
Remember that setting a net daily% gain is to keep up the motivation and have a target to achieve over a given time horizon.

It should never take priority or get in the way of sound trading practices.

By this I mean if on a given day the trading opportunities are not there then its far more intelligent to skip the day.

We are thinking traders who carefully seek out the best trading opportunities.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #894 ---
Monday April 18

Heat Map

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Source: www.myfxbook.com

Monitoring of suitable pairs to trade is currently in action!

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #895 ---
AJ

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

4 shorts

4 winners

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #896 ---
GU

Longs in action???

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #897 ---
GU

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Long cycle

Good idea or bad idea?

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #898 ---
Now short cycle added on the AU pair!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Good idea or bad idea?

Masterrmind........... :nerd:

--- 帖子 #899 ---
I support your view. Price have been showing exhaustion and heavy divergence on the Daily.

--- 帖子 #900 ---
GU long cycle

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

10 entries

10 winners

Note: Closed out manually at the pivot point in confluence with the DO line

Why would I do that?

What has PA on the GU pair been doing all day and what is likely to happen now?

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #901 ---
Should I do anything about the lower 2 poorly performing pairs?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #902 ---
AUDUSD [M15; 10 - manual]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

6 shorts

6 winners

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #903 ---
AUDJPY [M15; 10 - manual]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

4 shorts

4 winners

Masterrmind..........

--- 帖子 #904 ---
See you all in the ATW session tomorrow!

Masterrmind.........

--- 帖子 #905 ---
Great to see you here dweb.......

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #906 ---
Thank you for the sheet Masterrmind  I will take some points and add them in my personal excel journal .

I will use now a more conservative approach by opening fewer trades and in this way lower my total DD.

And i have a question: Very often during my trading window a cycle is just opened but not closed ( only blu or red boxes are printed), what do you think about this situation? Just lower the Quantum indi?

Thank you

--- 帖子 #907 ---
When this occurs the market is actually speaking!

Its trying to tell you that once a trend starts it continues in that direction WITHOUT a major pullback in price action sufficiently large enough to generate an opposite Quantum signal box.

1. Consider opening orders OPPOSITE to the Q box color

2. Reduce the Quantum indicator value so if you are using for example 100 then drop it by half to 50 and then scroll back through historical charts a few days will do (initially) and see what the red + blue Q boxes print like.

You might need to change the Q values quite a bit to fond a suitable value.

Perhaps investigate other pairs to see how Q prints out on their charts ..... test a couple of days initially and then go back several months to get a better idea.

Please upload a very clear screenshot with comments and I'll make additional comments if required.

Note: The Q values I have given here work most of the time but not all of the time and certainly not for all pairs. So they do need to be modified depending on the given chart!

Hope that helps,

Masterrmind........

--- 帖子 #908 ---
Short cycle on EA

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Note: ignore some of the pending orders that were closed out quickly as I was toying with the cm_script_gridstoprder script!

ps. dancing with danger hence only 0.01 lots per entry used.

Masterrmind.........

--- 帖子 #909 ---
EA

12 short winners

+1.91 net gain

Attached Image

Any comments about trading the EA pair today?

What are the dangers?

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #910 ---
Return by trade chart

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Look at the positive flows versus the negative flows on the chart.

Be very aware that it only takes a few very loose trades to undo all the hard work so keep focused!

Attempt to find reasons for the losing cycles of trades as they should be fairly obvious although a few are not!

For example, if you look at trades from about 60 through to 350 it shows a nice steady positive curve.

But then in only 7 or so losing trades all the 'great trading' and hard work was undone and the trading account returned to the same state it was in prior to the start of trade 60!

Having control over the risk although at 1 point it did actually exceed 10% floating DD (loss actually) the trading cycles are a great example showing that a recovery is certainly possible.

If the overall loss to the account is <10% then it is possible to make a full recovery and return to net profit but the higher the loss the harder the task becomes!

Increasingly more difficult in fact!

Moral of the story

Control the risk, look after the DD and even if you have 2-3 losing cycles of trades it is still very possible to stay in business.

Higher the floating DD the higher the chance of not being able to make a recovery.

If you allow DD to go beyond 30-50% you might get lucky once or twice but very soon you will not recover!

Hope this has been helpful!

Masterrmind............ :nerd:

--- 帖子 #911 ---
THIS COMPLETES MOST OF STAGE 1 OF THE QAM TRADING STRATEGY..........

The purpose of the first part can be summarized as follows:

1. to train your eyes to read price action and other technical analysis (PA, S+R, DO line, Fibs, mini s+r, confluence zones etc) on the chart manually

2. to determine ATW trading ranges and how to apply them

3. to determine global SL and then to adjust the SL as trading progresses

4. setting appropriate TPs for all trades (adjusting TPs when time approaches the end of the ATW session

5. as the close of the ATW draws near SLs are reduced (or tightened under progressive mini swing lows or highs) and TPs are extended

6. calculating a lot size to use on a given account size

7. calculating an appropriate number of trades per cycle

8. calculating an appropriate number of cycles per trading day

9. using Excel as a trading tool to set goals

10. developing a realistic trading plan (short, medium and long term)

11. news sources (FF Forum, Bloomberg, Reuters, Ransqwark and other free and paid news feeds), keeping in tune with the market

12. monitoring trading activity via TE, myfxbook or FXblue etc etc

13. awareness of some important trading parameters (more to come on this topic over the next several months)

14. broker choice (spread considerations and other trading factors)

15. single pair, tandem pairs, multiple pairs and TF (M1, M5, M15 etc)

16. risk management (what is acceptable for the account size you trade)

17. monitoring and managing every cycle of trades

18. differences between turtle, majors, minors and volatiles (noting that some pairs fall into more than 1 class)

19. ability to see trading opportunities

20. ability to close out all trades, allow others to run or allow some to run based on time and PA on the chart

21. many other factors

I will continue to visit this thread regularly however, my main focus will be to concentrate on the QAM-Live account in my other thread

QAM Trading Journal $US1000 to ??? which is available here:

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=585458

Stage 2 will start on MONDAY MAY 2 in this current thread (QAM Trading Strategy)
This will take a look at how I apply a semi-auto approach to the QAM Trading Strategy in the ATW session.

The semi-auto approach simply applies an EA to the chart making entries faster and more efficient however, since the account will still be only a small US$1000 the trading approach will need to be modified somewhat from how I applied it in the Asian session when I used a much larger account.

The current demo QAM-LearnOnly-v1a used here now has run its course and its usefulness and may be terminated at the end of this month.

A new demo account will be started (life expectancy very short maybe only a few short weeks and 1 month at the most) for the semi-auto system on May 2 (just under 2 weeks from now) just to show a few good and bad cycles as was shown in Stage 1.

The semi-auto approach will then be mated to the manual approach and included in the QAM-1K Live account where no 'bad' cycles will intentionally be traded since the purpose is to multiply this account!

Now after several weeks many cycles of good, bad and ugly trades have been made on the demo accounts so I don't see any point to continue the demo account anymore (except to showcase the semi-auto method).

Once this occurs the demo accounts will be rested and trading will continue in live mode only (unless I get requests suggesting otherwise).

Personally, I prefer to trade only live!

Looking forward to it!

Masterrmind..........

--- 帖子 #912 ---
Made two trades yesterday.

GBPUSD ( 5min - 40)

A high range pair, was lucky to close the trade at break even before a big DD.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

EURCHF ( 5min - 40 )

This pair is usualy a slow moving pair, not today
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

It happens more often that i have a sell/buy signal during my trading window and the close trade signal in the next day.

Maybe my trading window doesn't suit this type of trading, i don't know. Or i just struggle to find the right opportunity.

Trying also to adjust the quantum indicator as you suggested.

Closed the cycle in a small loss, right before CHF news.

An emotionaly hard trade to be in

Thank you for your suggestions and congratulations for your trades.

--- 帖子 #913 ---
There are many many things to be aware of in the market.

Here is a list of only a few:

1. Follow important news especially on central banks that about to speak (even if its later in the day).

- the PA can be rapid and unpredictable or produce very low trading ranges

2. Be careful trading the last trading day in a given month

- the PA can reverse direction purely based on short term profit taking by the big money (don't get caught up in it = maybe don't trade this time) typically an hour or so before London Close but certainly an hour or so before NY close.

Go back through historical charts for last trading day of the month and see what you notice ()

Many times the greater success rate comes from knowing when NOT to trade rather than when to trade!

EURCHF

Could you have known ahead of time that the EChf pair was likely to move alot?

Try drawing Fibs from the previous days high to low and then check your chart and see if the market was attempting to push price closer to this Fib.

You might be very surprised in what you find.

The idea is to try and sift through these likely factors so you have a better idea of forming an expectation of where price is likely to go.

Once you know where this expectation is try to just sit back and follow it and when it meets your expectation then start looking at opening trades either at market or as pending orders.

Pending orders

Always give some space between current price and the 1st pending order

Look at chart structure and draw a long rectangle that connects possible turning points with current PA.

Place the pending order at least 5-10 pips away just in case the market triggers your order only to reverse and head against you.

On a turtle pair with small trading ranges this approach may simply not be practical and therefore do not apply it.

One of the reasons I have said many many times that getting to know your favored pair is critical.

Maybe you'll still get caught out from time to time but over the long term you'll have a higher chance of success.

Trading Window

The choice of trading window is an ongoing debate.

If you are keen on a healthy discussion I'll happily provide some of my own analysis and what I see as some of the pitfalls.

Note: There will always come a day that tests you out similar to the day I got caught up in the UJ short cycle. This is why having the ability to close out some trades early to reduce some of the risk is better than leaving trades open and hoping for price to reverse . If you practise this hold till price turns strategy and your account size is NOT infinite then eventually the account will get a margin call ... it will catch you out.

Watch the floating DD, limit the number of trades especially on a 1K account (start with 0.01 lots and a maximum of 2-3 trades) although I'm not sure what size account you use. Less positions and smaller lot size means lower profit but it also means a much higher chance of staying in business.

Staying in business is far more important because over time the compounding of a small account that makes even a small gain every day will soon enough accelerate (check out the Excel I provided on compounding and you'll see that just 1% compounded daily on a 1K account will give you over 1000% growth in less than a year.

Ofcourse getting 1% consistently over 232+ trading days is quite a challenge in itself!

Good trading,

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #914 ---
Hello Masterrmind,

Here is why i decided to enter the EUR/CHF cycle:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I was expecting the price to retrace to the DO line and to the Pivot point.

Which didn't happen because CHF lost strenght and the pair did an 161,8 leg extension.

I think it's what you meant with:

And here are some considerations about the trading window ( London close - NY close):

I made some screenshots with exemples .

Perfect scenario:
Attached Image

During this trading window , in order to have a possibility for this kind of scenario I need to enter as soon as possible, because the price moves only during the first hours.

Only one box is printed:
Attached Image
Attached Image
Attached Image

As you can see only buy/sell box is printed. That's why i decide very often to close the trade erlier.

Worst scenario:
Attached Image

Even if boxes are printed at the beginning we have a nice trend situation.

( I didn't take in consideration any structure analysis).

All screenshots are are gbpusd pair of last few days.

I think the issue is that when i enter a trade i have to look for and exit 1 hour before NY close because the price doesn't move ( in most cases) after that time.

And if I remain traped in a trade i have to wait the tokyo open for some movement.

This means that it's difficult to get a price retracement.

Do you see a similiar price behaviour during your trading window?

I didn't check yet the asian session, but it seems to me that the price moves a lot more even if it's in the same pip range.

Thank you,

Hope you can all understand what i'm writing

EDIT: I hope i'm not wasting your time trying to apply qam strategy on a different trading window

--- 帖子 #915 ---
Great work Shuael..........

I particularly enjoy reading about your use of Fib extensions especially exhaustion levels such as 161.8.

Keep a watch on other extensions too such as 127.2, 138.2 and 261.8 among others.

Yes that is exactly what I meant by applying Fibs to your chart.... does not always have to be the previous days high and low either and it can be a little arbitrary.

The main point being that the Fib retracement and extension levels are drawn from 'obvious' swings in the price action shown on a given chart.

Then start adding in the following to make a case for confluence:

1. Fib @ a Pivot Point

2. Fib @ a Pivot Point + psych level (000's or 50's)

3. Fib @ a Pivot Point + psych level (000's or 50's) + S or R

4. Fib @ a Pivot Point + psych level (000's or 50's) + S or R + mini s or r

5. Fib @ a Pivot Point + psych level (000's or 50's) + S or R + mini s or r + longer or shorter term Fib

6. etc etc.

You are starting to become familiar with the pair and the general price action or price pattern tendencies at the start, during and the end of a given trading window which is exactly what you need to be observing.

Once you understand the trading window of your choice then you might need to modify the start and end times or NOT trade that window at all.

This might become difficult if a given trading window suits you more because of your sleeping habits or available time to trade but if its not working out favorably then perhaps stop trading that window and start working out how an alternative trading window can be used.

Revisit the older trading window from time to time (say at least a few months) just in case the trading window patterns have changed making it more favorable.

I never say that a trading window is never any good to trade.

I do say that a trading window is not good to trade at this particular period in time.

Asian session:

Very often price charges off in a direction and then retraces back close to test the DO line.

A very strong trend in only 1 direction is the major concern for building unfavorable DD

Very Important Note:

Once the small 1K account is greatly increased then what we can do is apply incremental lot progression techniques. But this only works when the account size is large relative to the lot size of the entries. If you get time go have a quick read of the Quantum London Trading thread and you'll find a normal, mild and aggressive lot progression sequence that mer071898 (the thread starter) applied. The thread can be reached via the following link:

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=551382

An example sequence applied by mer071898 is as follows:

Trades 1-12 = 0.01 Lots
Trades 13-21 = 0.02 Lots
Trades 22-29 = 0.05 Lots
Trades 30-36 = 0.13 Lots
Trades 37-39 = 0.34 Lots
Trade 40 = 0.89 Lots

This lot progression sequence however, relies on continuing to open trades at every Q box signal (Q=325) on an M1 chart.

This was actually traded on the GBPUSD [M1; 325] pair and then ofcourse other traders added in different pairs etc etc.

Trading window was just before FF Open and only for the completion of 1 trading cycle then stop.

The reason for mentioning this lot progression sequence (and I will apply a very different progressive sequence in the ATW session to be outlined much later) is because it is another technique that can be applied in a strongly trending market that exhibits very shallow pullbacks.

In the London Close to NY Close there may not be such a significant or frequent pullback in price to a given level.

Have you tried to use a different price level than the DO line for the expected pullback of price?

The Asian session starts pretty much at the beginning of the day so the pullback of price is towards the Daily Open price.

What price level do you apply in the London Close through to NY Close?

The reason I'm asking is simply because I'm answering your questions now but will look at your trading window later on.

Don't worry about asking many questions (you are certainly not wasting my time) that's why I'm here and I enjoy it in any case ..........

The QAM Trading Strategy is far more complex than the original Quantum London Trading approach and this is mainly because of a very small trading account balance (for example, $1K compared to a minimum of >>$10K).

Let me know if I can help you further because sooner or later you need to be turning a consistent profit!

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #916 ---
EXPERT ADVISORS

Several EA's have been developed in the Quantum London Trading Custom EA thread available from the following link:

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=552185

To those traders interested I highly recommend that you peruse the above thread as it contains plenty of useful information.

It will not be my intention to answer multiple questions about the functionality of each EA as there are several and in any case most of these questions would have been answered in the QLT Custom EA thread so please refer to it.

I will of course assist traders who are having trouble getting the EAs started so don't worry too much.

It is up to the individual trader to test out the functionality of preferred EA's to ensure that the EA performs to their expectations.

I certainly take no credit for the EAs as it belongs to the original coders and therefore I cannot take responsibility for the EAs either or in fact that they work or do not work.

I will be using the Quantum London Trading EA 1.6.1 coded by Vlad13685 but may also use simpler versions too.

On a smaller account the EA's are not really necessary as most trades can be performed manually which might prove safer.

If you use the EA to trade when you are not physically monitoring your cycle of trades then I would frown on this activity.

What I do is allow the EA to open up trades and then I monitor and manage the cycle through to completion.

This can involve stopping the EA, changing the Q exit (QDC) value and restarting the EA again.

You will need to test out the functionality of the EA extensively to become familiar with how the EA operates it may not be free of all bugs).

I use it as a tool only with the majority of the work and the thinking being performed by myself.

There are several advantages to using an EA which you will need to discover yourselves but the main one being the speed of execution.

Attached File(s)   QUANTUM EAs.zip

223 KB
|
819 downloads

ps. always remember that EA's are simply tools that assist the trader usually by making some of the mundane tasks much easier but they do not make the trade decisions. The trader is solely responsible for all trades placed on his/her trading account!

Please test out as many EAs as you like preferably before May so that we can start applying them to our trading!

Masterrmind...............

--- 帖子 #917 ---
Quick overview of the EURGBP pair

Chart

EURGBP [M15; 10]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Last 20 days trading ranges in the ATW session (broker dependent data)

Attached Image

Outliers in the data that fall below the minimum (1 SD below the mean) are not of concern here.

Hourly volatility (myfxbook)

Attached Image

Based on this information how likely is it that price will hit the pivot point during the ATW session today?

How would you trade this pair today?

Would you trade it?

Masterrmind.......... :nerd:

--- 帖子 #918 ---
EG .......

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Not surprising that the pair failed to hit the pivot!

Always try to have an expectation of typical targets for price but more importantly how likely these targets are to get hit!

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #919 ---
No, i used only DO and the pivot point and  support/ resistence "zones".

I'm trying to find a suitable trading window now with similar range but with more pullbacks.

In the EG case you  wanted the price to reach the pivot point before entering a possible short trade?

If we know that the price is near its max range can we think about opening a position? or it's better to wait for an important zone?

--- 帖子 #920 ---
You might like to look at a more favorable starting price level for example, the start of the session and reference pullbacks to that zone.

However, this will depend on the trading window you end up choosing and other information.

EG pair

The information supplied showed the average trading ranges for the given pair.

Shorting from just under the pivot is fine and would be desirable however in this case it was more important to realize that price would have a very difficult time actually hitting the target. Since its unlikely that this favorable target will bet hit then why wait around hoping?

Move onto another pair(s) and look for better opportunities. Simple as that!

Some reasons are:

1. Distance from current price to pivot was >> 20 day ATW range

2. Volatility was low

3. Bank holiday pending implying that price movement is typically slow and potentially limited in range

4. Combo of all of the above and the fact its a turtle pair suggests price would not hit the pivot

Based on the points above if an entry was made it would have been halfway between the lows and the pivot suggesting additional risk if taken and as time gets closer say a few hours before FF the market activity slows down alot (at least until 30 minutes to an hour out from Frankfurt when PA usually starts to increase and ranges pick up) and PA could have simply remained almost stationary leaving the trade almost isolated. This situation is not ideal and entries should not be made. There are far better opportunities so a trader needs to be aware of these potentially bad entries and look for 'better' setups.

Ideally, entries should be attempted from zones showing multiple confluence (Fib overlay, pivots, S+R, DO line, etc etc)

Not all of these entries will be successful but on average and over a long period of time the results will speak for themselves.

Waiting for an important zone is usually better however, each situation needs to be assessed on its own merits meaning 1 chart setup might be 'better' looking than another chart.

If in doubt simply sit back and watch and wait for an opportunity that jumps out of the chart at you!

You'll know when this happens it will be almost obvious and the more charts you look at the faster you see these opportunities.

This is where the thinking part of the QAM Method comes into play!

The trader has to do this thinking by considering all the facts and all the likely scenarios and then forming an intelligent opinion.

Then decide to take action or to move onto another pair.... always the traders choice.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #921 ---
Thank you very much for your detailed explanation Masterrmind, appreciate it, some usefull information to keep in mind.

--- 帖子 #922 ---
No problem at all!

Initially it feels like there are so many trading factors to be aware of that it feels almost impossible to take a 'good' trade.

Eventually once enough time has been spent studying the material and analyzing charts the light will turn on and you will see opportunity jumping out of the chart at you!

Have you noticed the following chart structure observations?

1. Take long cycles above the DO line and above the pivot and

2. Take short cycles below the DO line and below the pivot

[sometimes the Quantum signal boxes may not be aligned but entries can still be considered if they present as 'good' setups]

These setups can be considered in the same or similar direction as the current trend.

Countertrend trades are then those trades that seek to go against the current trend in the form of pullbacks usually to the DO line or a pivot point.

Hint:

Countertrend -

Attempt to reduce risk on the countertrend type cycles and increase risk on the trend type cycles (trader choice).

Trend -

This can be as simple as adding 1 extra trade to cycles that go long away from the pivot and the DO line or

This can be as simple as adding 1 extra trade to cycles that go short away from the pivot and the DO line.

In other situations trades might need to be taken in counter-intuitive directions.

Always account for risk in cycles that feel 'riskier' or simply don't trade them.

If you can make as little as 0.5% net daily gain on your trading account over a long period of time by keeping away from dangerous entries then you may only need to look for the highest probability setups and keep clear from the other 'riskier' type trades.

(refer to the compounding Excel to see how how an account can grow)

Good trading,

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #923 ---
The Quantum London Trading EA v1.6.1 will be used for testing on the demo account today.

Stay tuned as trades get placed from any of the TFs (M1, M5 and M15)

AUDJPY [M15; 10 - EA]

1 long in progress now.

The EA will be allowed to trade it through cycles probably without much intervention on my part since I want to outline some of the many dangers that can unfold.

Only 0.01 lots per trade will be applied.

Multiple charts will be used with varying TFs and varying magic numbers.

Enjoy the show!

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #924 ---
The following pairs are now running using the EA 1.6.1

AUDJPY [M15; 10 - EA - magic#301]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

EURGBP [M5; 40 - EA - magic #302] and

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

EURUSD [M1; 200 - EA - magic #303]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

No consideration has been given to setting up better cycles whatsoever.

This is purely to show some cycles of trades on different TFs and to make comments after cycles have completed.

Note: to use the EA effectively it must have separate magic numbers for each chart then the EA parameter settings must be very carefully checked.

I'll go through this process in more detail throughout the day.

Ask questions if you need help because if you set it up incorrectly it will not work correctly and can be very dangerous!

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #925 ---
EA 1.6.1

Common Tab settings

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Inputs Tab settings (may be different depending on magic numbers, number of pairs traded, trading window times and lot sizing etc)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image
Attached Image

Set the magic number (different for each chart)

Set Trade 24/5 = False

Set Trading window End and Start times (if only 1 slot is being used be sure to delete out the other time slot entries)

Set Stop After Each Cycle = True (if only 1 cycle is to be traded, EA will wait for further instructions)

Set the time frame (the EA trades from this input value)

Set the desired trading days (skip Monday or any day you like but setting that day = False)

Set the Quantum entry and close values (very important)

Set all the entries for the Lot sizes = 0.01 (very important)

All other settings can be left the same as per the screenshot for the time being.

Its very important to test out all of the EA settings on a demo account well before setting it on a live account.

Spent the time experimenting with the EA and everything will become second nature (easy)

Do not be concerned about the stochastic parameters in the EA as I DO NOT use them at all (they are not needed)

Do not be concerned about the Grid settings at this stage as I tend to apply a separate script for this purpose or set pending orders manually especially with such a small starting account (very different when trading a >>$10K account)

ps. at a later stage I may go through some of the other EAs provided in the zip folder but I encourage you to take the initiative.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #926 ---
Although the AJ pair is currently in action if the other pairs (EG + EU) which are really turtle pairs look like they may not trade for several hours then I may apply the EA to other pairs.

By looking at the trending label indicator lines for the HH + LL levels you'll be able to see when trades are likely to open at certain Quantum values on a given TF.

So all you need to do is watch for price to make higher highs or lower lows and set the EA going just before these levels are hit.

Make sure that the Quantum settings and the TF settings match between chart and EA!

There is a technique to doing this correctly which will be outlined later.

The whole idea is to start looking at how the EA opens and closes cycles of trades and what to watch out for on the charts.

Very important:

Remember that the EA is only a helpful tool it does not replace the thinking ability of the trader.
It should never be used to open multiple trades blindly (unless your account has an infinite balance)

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #927 ---
EURAUD [M1; 200 - EA]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Price action is much faster on this pair compared to the turtle pairs so trades should be opened more rapidly.

Once a Q box is generated the EA will open the trade at the close of that candle based on the TF applied in the EA settings so make sure that the chart you are looking at matches exactly the EA settings.

So in the case of an M1 candle price may not move very far from Q box trigger to entry level.

However, on a higher TF such M15 the price can move much further .... something to be aware of!

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #928 ---
I'll start applying the EA to my QAM- 1K live trading account from the first trading day in May which will be May 2.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #929 ---
Example entries on EA [M1 chart] pair.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The entry level of a trade after Q signal box appears are shown on the screenshot.

Spread and execution time also play a role in the entry level achieved.

Note the "Start next cycle" box visible on the chart. It allows trading to pause after a competed cycle and will not continue until the trader clicks on the button.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #930 ---
Why not close out trades at the DO line?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Price could quite literally keep heading up now after bouncing up off the DO line.

So why not think about closing out trades at the DO line and generate some profit.

What about the red news should we be concerned or keep trading on?

Thinking traders are we not?

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #931 ---
EURAUD [M1; 200 - EA]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

1 cycle via Expert Advisor completed.

Note that trades could easily have been closed out at the DO line by manual intervention (by the trader).

On this occasion price bounced up off the DO line only a short distance before heading back down but this may not always occur (in fact it does not) which could mean that additional risk has been applied to the cycle because of failing to close it out when the opportunity presented itself.

What would you have done if you kept the cycle running as price bounced up off the DO line and price did not return to the DO line anytime soon?

Perhaps a little bit of this huh........

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #932 ---
Here is an excellent example of what can happen if you trade blindly....

Imagine if the last cycle on EURAUD was not closed out .........

Over 160 pips to the upside on the back of AUD news.....

Now imagine the DD trading 0.01 lots per entry on a 1K account...... a little bit of pain right about now.

What about if the entries had of been 0.02 or 0.03 or higher ............ get the idea?

Trade smart!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

BOOM!

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #933 ---
Perfect example.........

I could not have wished for more...........

Take serious note of failing to close out at ideal zones and trading during the red news.

News is fine if the direction favors your cycle but what about when it does not?

Masterrmind.............. :nerd:

--- 帖子 #934 ---
AUDJPY [M15; 10 - EA]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

2 winners

1 loss

EURGBP [M5; 40 - EA]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

1 winner

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #935 ---
What about our little other turtle pair.... the EURUSD

Hows it traveling?

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #936 ---
Here you go!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Now what did I say about closing out trades at the DO line.........

Could have been out of this cycle nicely in profit.

You don't have to wait for the EA to close out cycles..... monitor the trades, look at the PA, check for exit zones and ACT!

Masterrmind............ :nerd:

--- 帖子 #937 ---
EURUSD [M1; 200 - EA]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Better to have closed out at the DO line.

Good example of how price can bounce off the DO line and head up much higher.

Additional risk added unnecessarily to the cycle.

The cycle could still be very profitable if price heads back down and clips a new Q box but ask yourself at what risk was this possible?

Note: The EA is great at performing its tasks it will keep on opening trades over and over provided they meet the set criteria. But this also means the EA needs to be controlled by the trader NOT the other way around.

1 really bad cycle left without correctly applied risk spells possible doom.

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #938 ---
I will allow the EURUSD cycle to continue until the EA closes out this one cycle.

That means I will not interfere with the cycle at all.

Lets see what becomes of it!

Whether the cycle turns out profitable or not is not the main point here.

What is important is realizing how important the trader is compared to the EA.

Think of the EA as only an assistant while you are the master and as the master you need to make sound decisions at the right time!

If the EA is applied correctly and the trader remains in control with sound trading judgment the combination can be very very powerful!

Masterrmind............ :nerd:

--- 帖子 #939 ---
EU pair

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Notice the obstacles that price has to overcome to generate a Q close signal.

How likely is this?

Masterrmind........... :nerd:

--- 帖子 #940 ---
EU

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Closed out cycle all trades in profit.

But the point here is that an alert trader could have closed out the cycle for the same net profit at a much earlier time in the ATW session and with far less risk.

This is why cycles need to be monitored for any size account but certainly for a small account.

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #941 ---
EURUSD [M1; 200 - EA]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Waited for PA to rise up above the midR level then let the EA loose by shorting at the Q boxes on the expectation of a retest of the midR.

Small TPs and small SLs applied for a scalping type action which can all be set inside the EA settings.

Over 40 pips taken in a channel that was not any larger than about 10 pips across all in just over an hour.

9 winners + 1 loser.

Just goes to show that many trade opportunities are possible but you do need to be looking for them.

Note: trades taken on a separate demo account so as to keep these trades separate as they fall outside the ATW session (obviously)

Masterrmind.........

--- 帖子 #942 ---
Very nice trades Masterrmind,thank you for the tips,  also your live account is going very well

Actually i didn't ( ), but i tried to use it as a filter during London close- NY close, seems to work very well, and can help filter some trend movements.

While during London open - NY open seems that the opposite works better. Because the price tend to retrace  ( the original London quantum strategy i guess).

Unfortunately  i din't find a different trading window .

The Asian session works very weel, with clear cycles of possible trades, i think it's one of the best .

--- 帖子 #943 ---
Thanks for that Shuael.

The live account will become much more lively soon enough but only as opportunities and good setups present themselves.

Often quite unexpected.

Yes the Asian session does work very well that's why I use it!

The end of the NY session can lead into a slowly trending PA that may leave trades on the table for extended periods of time.

I'm sure you are well aware of this price habit.

Although I frown upon leaving an EA to do the trading it might be an option for you once you know exactly what the EA does.

You could allow it to trade in the Asian session just for 1 cycle and only on the lowest lot sizes (SL + TP must be set hard with the broker as internet disruptions can leave your trades vulnerable so be careful).

It is an option for you though so let me know if you're interested and I'll give a breakdown of the EA settings and some of the other points to be aware of although initially you would need to test the EA in the strategy testing with many many different settings so you understand how it trades.

ps. once you've locked in your SLs and you know the lot sizes you can also limit the number of entries that the EA makes and the SLs applied in the EA settings will be sent directly tot he broker upon being triggered.

Something to think about but monitoring and managing the cycles is always the best option!

Masterrmind..........

--- 帖子 #944 ---
3 test cycles in play on the demo account

AUDJPY [M1; 200 - EA]

EURUSD [M5; 40 - EA] and

EURGBP [M15; 10 - EA]

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #945 ---
Expert Advisor cycles

TURTLE PAIR

EURGBP [M15; 10 - EA]

2 cycles on EG, 1 long and 1 short

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Note: if the cycles are active and net positive closer to the end of the ATW session it is advisable to close out the cycle.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #946 ---
The AJ cycle is going to be an excellent example so as soon as its closed out by the EA I'll post it and make numerous comments.

Hopefully these comments will be useful to those traders looking to implement the EA as a part of their trading strategy.

Masterrmind..........

--- 帖子 #947 ---
AJ cycle

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Still ongoing and could continue for some time yet so I've decided to make some comments now.

1. Awareness of the approaching high impact news is vital (trade could go your way or aggressively against it ... Is it worth the risk??)

2. 1st cycle prior to high impact news was ok, 2nd cycle and especially the first short trade went into major DD in terms of pips close to 200 so at 0.01 lots about $10 approx but imagine if the DD was much higher and the ratio of lot size to account was also much higher.

3. notice how after the Quantum period has exceeded the candle(s) with the major drop the trending label indicator also eventually follows which means that by relying solely on the EA to close out the trade with a Q=200 close value the trade will be in major negative pip territory.

4. Recall that at Q=200 this simply means looking left from the current candle 200*1 minute candles which is 200 minutes. Q could be set = 180 in which case it would be looking back at the highs and lows over the past 3 hours (180/60min = 3 hrs).

This should highlight a few main points:

a) watch out for approaching news and

b) understand how the Q box closing levels can change over a given period and what this might mean for a trade or cycle of trades

Once I start using the EA in my live account you will certainly see that I readily adjust the Quantum close value in the EA settings to flow with the PA on the chart and to also 'force' cycles to close in profit!

If you look at where the 1st long opened on the AJ pair right up the top of the cliff and now look on the chart at where Q=200 will close the trades it very clear to see that this 1st short entry is destined for loss because the EA will close it out as soon as price hits the upper trend level and the current candle has closed.

ps by using Q=200 for entry and Q=200 for close this can give negative cycles so you need to understand exactly where Q boxes will get printed.

Masterrmind..........

--- 帖子 #948 ---
AJ

Trending label indicator and changing Q values.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

If Q left = 200 for the closing of trades then a few trades would end in loss.

Use the trending indi to see firstly where a given Q value is likely to close out the cycle of trades.

Usually this means increasing the Q value as mentioned in the post above.

Then input this value into the EA so the EA knows when to close out the trade.

Make sure you always match the trending label indicator HH and LL values with the Expert Advisor Q values so that what you see on the chart is the same as what the EA eventually executes.

Depending on the PA across the chart this process may need to be repeated.

This might mean that you regularly check the settings of both the trending indicator and the EA ..... this is important.

ps. note that a slightly larger Q exit value is needed to ensure all trades entered above this level close out in profit IF price exceeds this level.

Masterrmind..........

--- 帖子 #949 ---
EU - example

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

As trend continues up the trending label indicator line also trends up.

The trending indi HH and LL values should always match the EA values for Q so this means for Q=40 on the current EU chart the 1st few short trades will be closed out in loss if price drops down to the blue trending line.

You can either adjust the Q values in the trending indicator so you have a good idea of where trades will close out based on a different Q value or you could simply turn off the EA and apply TPs manually then manage the trades through to completion.

Needless to say the TPs should be below the 1st entry of the cycle (or the entry that opened at the lowest price level) and be sure to add a few extra pips to cover spread.

Traders choice!

I typically do a combination of both such as:

1. sometimes EA all the way start to finish

2. EA start, then adjust Q once, twice or more times but the EA closes out the cycles or

3. EA starts, Q values get adjusted and then I take over manually.

I mange and monitor all trades in all cycles start to finish!

It heavily depends on the PA of the chart and the values of Q applied.

Question

In the EURUSD cycle shown above what course of action would you apply and why?

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #950 ---
Hopefully these 2 last cycles on AJ + EU complete before I need to sleep.

Still many hours left in me so we'll see what happens.

One thing is sure though I will stop the EA running and then set manual SLs + TPs

One thing that you all should have noticed is no SLs or TPs are applied on any of the trades!

This is a big NO NO so remember to always set at least the SLs!

Although it is demo its the process that is important because you will want to take good habits straight into the live market with you.

Be sure to keep a close watch on the assigned maximum floating DD which can be put on the same chart or what I do when I'm running EAs is keep it on a separate but always visible chart.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #951 ---
Tomorrow being Friday will probably be the last testing day and examples shown of trades using the EA.

I was planning to start a new demo from the start of May but I see no real point at this stage.

I can only assume that traders know all about the EA and how to trade it or they are not going to use it at all.

So over Friday and the coming weekend I'll post some more EA material and strategy testing examples but then it will be up to the traders to experiment as they choose.

My focus should really be trading the QAM-1K live account with the EA and manually of course!

If any trader thinks its necessary to trade a demo account for 2weeks to a month on a 1K account let me know otherwise I'll be only trading the live account with an example set of trades from time to time on the current IC demo account.

In any case I can always use some of the cycles taken via the EA on the live account to make comments.

Lets see if any traders jump in with live accounts linked to TE's .......... a big ask I know and I think very much unlikely!

Hope that's fairly clear because my aim is to start accelerating the growth of the current live account!

Good trading,

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #952 ---
I'll continue to allow the 2 cycles to run their course although I am noting that the floating DD has breached the 10% limit.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Nevertheless in this case as a learning exercise and as I mentioned earlier the cycles will keep running.

On a live account the process involves reducing some positions to reduce immediately the floating DD so that it remains under the set limit.

Hopefully the cycles complete prior to sleep time otherwise I will manually intervene by setting hard stops and TPs.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #953 ---
I can't use any mt4 EAs, i'm using another platform (JForex) and i would prefer to monitor the trades and learn from that.

About EUR/USD, maybe i would close the cycle around 1,134. The support zone was tested 2 times ( 3 now).

I think closing in a small profit ( i guess?) is better.

But the price seems to move down now

--- 帖子 #954 ---
Yes there are plenty of other platforms to use.

Manual trading and monitoring cycles is the way to go.

EA should stand for expert assistant NOT expert advisor!

Start off trading small and build on that!

EURUSD

Unless the support zone is obvious on the chart and has been tested and retested in the past often you simply have to wait for the 1st retest and then act on the next one if required.

Current cycle on EU is not out of control but its certainly not pretty.

A 27 pip drop on the EU pair now and the whole cycle ends with every trade in profit!

A 60 pip rise on the AJ pair now and the cycle would be well into profit!

Still there are many things to learn about bad cycles and the main point is to avoid them.

The market will always surprise so always expect it and be prepared because the minute you let your guard down it will pounce and pounce hard!

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #955 ---
EU

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Finally the cycle closed and at the close of the first M5 candle as news broke!

Price can move into favorable or highly unfavorable levels during a 5 minute period when news is around so watch out for this!

Note: if the cycle has been running for awhile start looking for an opportunity to close out the cycle as soon as price moves into a level that produces a net positive cycle. This is not always possible so sometimes you just have to bare the loss of the first few trades.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #956 ---
AJ

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Still going!

Not a situation to be in.

ps. Not too far away from stopping the EA and manually placing the SLs down lower and the TPs just above the green zone shown on the chart!

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #957 ---
AJ

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

SLs set

TPs set

Note: Would it be more preferable perhaps to close out the lower cluster of trades in profit now?

Masterrmind..........

--- 帖子 #958 ---
AJ - overnight update

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Not much movement

Possible options:

1. Do nothing and allow the cycle to run its course since hard stops and hard TPs have been set.

2. EA deactivated (but it could be applied to the AJ chart using the same magic number as yesterday however it is crucial that the Quantum close value is set such that the cycle is closed somewhere near current TP levels or at least up near todays pivot.

3. Apply the EA to the chart but use a different magic number! This will allow internal cycles to be taken while the outer larger cycle runs its course.

I'll apply option #3 but it must be done very carefully because if the same magic number is applied in the settings of the EA as yesterday the EA will close out the entire cycle of trades!!

I know I used magic number 401 for the AJ cycle yesterday.

Today I will use 5001 to avoid any mistakes.

So the plan on the demo account today is to keep making money on smaller internal cycles of trades while the much larger cycle plays out.

Notice that by trading the internal cycles the account will continue to generate income provided the Q entry and Q close values are representative of the current chart.

NB. If you ever get into a situation like on the AJ do not under any circumstances apply the EA to the chart without thinking very very carefully. It might be better to simply keep the EA removed from the chart and trade manually.

Masterrmind.......... :nerd:

--- 帖子 #959 ---
AJ - reapplying EA with different magic number (MN=5001 NOT 401 as it was used yesterday)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Key points to remember are as follows:

1. Change the magic number

2. Set the trading slot time

3. Set the lot sizes to 0.01 for every entry

4. Set the time frame (1,5,15,30 etc)

5. Remember to delete out the entries in trading time slots 2 + 3 since only slot 1 is used for now

6. Set the Quantum entry and close values

Masterrmind........

--- 帖子 #960 ---
Now we have the EA set to the AJ chart M1 TF QDE=200 and QDC=200

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

3 longs added which will be controlled by the settings in the EA since they are governed by MN#5001 and NOT MN#401

ps. not to confuse anyone but it is possible to run the EA using different magic numbers and settings (including TFs and Q values) for example I could trade the following setups on different charts but all on the same account.

1. AJ [M1; 200 - 200 EA]

2. AJ [M5; 40 - 40 EA]

3. AJ [M15; 10 - 10 EA]

4. and many other combinations all on trading the sane currency pair (or different if I choose)

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #961 ---
AJ - update

All stops taken out rather quickly on a continued strength in the JPY currency.

Read about it and what the BOJ did yesterday .... or rather what they did not do!

Look how the market reacted!

Note that the EA does not make you money if the trader fails to apply some market common sense (ie news etc etc)

ps. you won't see cycles like this on my live account and hopefully not on yours either!

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #962 ---
Current AJ cycle (magic 5001)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

14 longs in action

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #963 ---
AJ - update

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Cycle closed out by EA (no trader intervention)

Intervention could have been made by simply increasing the Quantum close value in the EA settings.

What setting would have been appropriate for this cycle?

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #964 ---
Use the trending indicator to choose a Q value somewhere around the 250 mark (adjusted again if necessary .... it will need to be adjusted again!)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Then immediately update the Quantum close value to 250 in the EA.

Alternatively deactivate the EA from the chart and trade the cycle manually by applying SLs + TPs at realistic levels.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #965 ---
The current cycle on AJ is a short cycle.

As an example I have changed the Quantum close value to 350 (refer to trending level indicator line on the chart)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

This will provide the EA with an opportunity to close out for larger profit which can take some of the work away from the trader.

Keep a close watch on the chart especially the lower trending line (blue LL line) in this case because once the line starts moving up then you'll need to adjust this Quantum close value again if you want TPs to remain down lower otherwise if you do nothing the EA will close the cycle out at the higher price level which equates to lower profit.

Note: This closing with more profit is of course subject tp price actually moving down into these lower price levels otherwise no profit will result.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #966 ---
Difference between leaving Q at 200 or changing Q

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Applying different HH or LL values in the trending indi and then updating these Q values in the EA

In a simple attempt to gain more profit .... market willing!

Once price gets down close enough and looks like it wants to head away from your TP level then consider closing trades manually.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #967 ---
Closed out trades on AJ manually....

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

It might not appear like much difference on the chart but it certainly is!

Additional profit is about 5 trades* approx 13 pips per trade so about 80 pips more than closing out at Q=200.

The aim here is clearly to give price a chance to make more profit for your trades.

Over several months applying this simple technique the difference in pips is staggering.

ps. The above pip count is approximate as I have not counted them precisely!

pps. price could still head down and get tagged by the 350 trending line but I decided to close out the cycle (traders choice)

Good trading,

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #968 ---
Just to make it a bit clearer ....... 5*13 = 65 pips.

However, the additional gain in pips on the 5 trades was closer to 80 instead of 65.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #969 ---
MAY TRADING

Example trades taken using the EA 1.6.1 were outlined over the last few days of April.

Some cycles completed by the EA were good, some bad and some ugly!

During the first couple of weeks of May the current demo account will continue to apply manual and EA generated cycles with commentary.

Eventually the current demo may be retired with the focus being on building the QAM-Live 1 trading account.

Cycles taken in the demo account:

1. EA examples will include single, tandem and multiple pairs traded during the ATW session

2. With and without manual intervention

3. Some days may not be traded

Note: The majority of my focus will be towards the QAM-Live 1 trading account but some commentary of live cycles taken may fill some of the pages in this thread (where elaboration of a given cycle is deemed necessary)

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #970 ---
EURAUD [M1; 200 - EA]

EA applied to chart MN# 105

Other cycles may follow.......

Masterrmind.........

--- 帖子 #971 ---
Although I trade higher lots manually (0.02 lots) than on the EA (0.01 lots) it is not recommended to use a progressive lot sequence.

This will be covered much later and yes progressive lots will be applied but not until the account balance exceeds 10K!

Getting the lot progression sequence wrong at this stage will put the small account into potential trouble via DD issues so its best avoided!

Even if the maximum assigned floating DD is managed well and kept under 10% by applying too high a lot size relative to the account balance the account might find itself visiting the extremes of the DD limit which is not desirable!

General lot size guide:

Attached Image

Note 1: Generally the smaller the lot size the lower the potential risk so think of the lot sizes provided in the table as maximums NOT minimums!

Note 2: This post is taken from my other trading journal thread.

Note 3: Traders are free to apply whatever lot sizing suits them but keep lot sizes small and do not exceed the risk% per cycle!

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #972 ---
EURAUD

1 cycle

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

+128.2 pips so the gains are high on a volatile pair but so too the risks!

Note 1: TPs on chart just above midR but closed out manually just after ATW session end time.

Note 2: If you trade EURAUD volatile pair think about trading it solo and also applying a smaller lot size (EA would be 0.01 anyway but consider using 0.01 lots per trade if trading the pair manually)

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #973 ---
EURAUD

cycle put on leading up to a news event!!!

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #974 ---
EURAUD - update

Will allow the cycle currently with 21 longs @ 0.01 lots a piece to continue running through the AUD high impact news about to come out very soon.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Should be very interesting!

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #975 ---
EURAUD [M1; 200 - EA]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Note 1: multiple winners and only 1 small loss.

Note 2: Closed out the 1 short manually since the EA had started a short cycle (rapidly) which was unwanted at this time of the day.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #976 ---
EURJPY [M1; 200 - EA; MN# 308]

EA attached and 2 sell stops triggered and in action

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Note: Expert attached to the EJ chart after 7 Quantum Sell signal boxes were generated!

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #977 ---
EJ

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Completed cycle!

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #978 ---
EURAUD [M1; 200 - EA; MN# 405]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Expert applied after the dust settled!

M1 TF used in a bid to collect at least a few entries before price heads back up to higher prices ..........

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #979 ---
EA

Yesterdays low to high Fibs applied

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Not a bad place to start looking for longs (read that as starting entries)

Aware that price could drift on down another 20 pips or so before making its way back up higher

EUR bank holiday

ps. on a live trading account apply pending Buy Stops at least 20 pips higher than current price (think about chart structure before you let loose) and collect the jam if price triggers your orders and keeps heading up!

Look out for obstacles (pivot point, possible turning points, S+R, supply and demand ... you get the idea) to price on the way up and manage the risk!

Masterrmind....... :nerd:

--- 帖子 #980 ---
EA - update

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Currently 19 longs in action (EA limit set to 25 today)

Price has moved down further to test the red zone (red rectangular area) outlined on the chart so lets see if the bulls come onboard!

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #981 ---
EA - the final trades

Bears are in control.

Taking price lower.

Expert pulled from the chart.

SLs extended

TPs extended

11 longs taken out.

14 longs remain.

A great example showing how even on a bank holiday price can move and move alot!

The final  14 long trades will be allowed to run to completion and then the demo account will be retired as it has served its purpose.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

ps. check on the demo TE for further details (entertainment only) however, these final trades do not form part of the QAM Trading Strategy. whatsoever and the demo account will be cancelled once the final trades have completed their journey!

pps. as mentioned previously my attention will be solely on trading the QAM-1K live trading account so check it out if you wish.

ppps. Commentary will follow after some of the trades and some of the cycles have been taken.

pppps. It is not too late to join in with a live account linked to a TE or myfxbook account and follow along in my other trading journal thread.

Good trading,

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #982 ---
EURAUD - update

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #983 ---
EURAUD - update

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Closed out all 14 trades via script just prior to the end of the ATW session.

Attached Image

So that competes the demo account.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #984 ---
I just love your work & enthusiasm....infectious.

dweb

--- 帖子 #985 ---
Thanks dweb!

Trading is a whole lot easier if you are more enthusiastic.

You have to keep the fire burning!

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #986 ---
I fully agree...we create our own excitement...

--- 帖子 #987 ---
Indeed!

My excitement will come from turning the US$1K into US$10K (QAM-1K live trading account).

Then by applying a highly modified QAM strategy (not yet outlined) that turns 10K into 100K (then 100K into ... well you can guess!).

The disappointment for me will come from traders who witness my results (market willing) and who then start asking questions!!

ps. I am still dumbfounded by the fact that NOT a single trader is interested in trading cycles alongside me ..... truly unbelievable!

pps. Perhaps the thinking and the constant monitoring of trades and managing the risk on every cycle is a little too much ...

ppps. Nevertheless, I have set out on this trading mission for the benefit of all and in time I am very confident in fulfilling it!

pppps. By fulfilling the mission myself I've gained a little in $ terms I guess but others will have gained nothing .....

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #988 ---
Indeed...we both suffer, however, we are self driven and that's what counts....I am keeoing an eye on what you do...we will talk when I am ready to discuss some ideas with you.

Keep on, keeping on!

dweb

--- 帖子 #989 ---
Always welcome dweb!

ps. 1 brick at a time is how you build a castle .......

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #990 ---
luv yr thread

Cheer!

--- 帖子 #991 ---
Very pleased to hear that iamgotzaa!

If you have questions or you need some of the material in the thread explained in greater detail or indeed simplified just ask me.

Always happy to help!

Good Trading,

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #992 ---
Currently i'm trading with fix tp, e.g. 10pips

Quiet profitable but not most efficient. So drop by to see how you are doing it.

--- 帖子 #993 ---
Many times it is the price action (info on news feed etc etc) on the chart that dictates the action that I take.

There are so many different situations to be confronted with that its almost impossible to cover them all.

The only way is to show plenty of examples that outline many situations and how to best handle it.

Most important is keeping a close watch on the current floating DD of the trading account.

Once the risk is controlled then personally I have no hesitation in closing out some trades for small profit, then add more entries later, wait for price to drop again and then take more small profit again (for a short cycle).

If I'm using an EA I'll let it open trades and then I'll be looking to close them out in mini clusters, for example, if PA shows signs of pushing higher generating more Quantum Sell boxes which the EA opens and then price drops 5-10 pips onto either a mini or key level of support and then if PA hesitates I watch PA for awhile and then decide to close some or all of the trades out.

There is no shame at all in taking small profit out of the market!

I take 1-2 pips sometimes and I'm happy to do that because at the end of the day/week/month it really does add up!

I use this small profit say on a given trading day to build up an intentional buffer in my trading account so that later in the trading session if a cycle starts going against me I have some profit that can be written-off against losses.

An intentional buffer is simply an amount of profit taken from small TP trades to be used later if necessary to offset a loss.

Another very important buffer is when starting with a new account and the following should be noted:

1. Trade with very low risk (maybe 1% to 3% up to 5% for the maximum floating DD% ..... then increase it or decrease it depending on trader performance)

2. Take small TPs, limit the number of entries on the chart at the 1 time and as you close out some trades look at places to open more..repeat

3. You should have an assigned maximum floating DD% (refer to point 2 above):

a) carefully and slowly start building the account balance until the account %gain is > assigned maximum floating DD%

b) once point a) occurs you start to relax a little because you know if a bad days comes along and wipes out the maximum floating DD% now in $$ value that your account should still be either BE or in profit.

For example,

Start Account Balance = $1000

Slowly gained profit = $100

Assigned maximum floating DD = 5%

If start of day account balance = $1100 and you have a 5% loss (5/100*1100 is $55) then

End of day account balance = $1100 - 55 = $1045

Now take my QAM-1K live account

I use 10% maximum floating DD

Current Account Balance = $1160.49

10% loss = 0.1*$1160.49 = $116.05

Which would leave the account at $1160.49 - $116.05 = $1044.44

It depends on how much you can build the account before such an event occurs (hopefully it does not but we need to be realistic so it is possible)

The account can handle a few of these major loss days and still fight on.

Try to get used to focusing on 2 goals:

Goal 1 - accumulating multiple small profit TPs that lead to a net positive daily% gain

Goal 2 - do not exceed the assigned maximum floating DD

Goal 1 and 2 actually contain numerous other factors most of which have been outlined or hinted towards in the thread.

If 10 pip TPs work for you all well and good.

It does not matter how slowly the trading account takes to get built but rather the process used to build it!

Continue to consistently compound your account on a daily or weekly time period and you are guaranteed to be a success!

If you have a full floating DD% losing day be sure to learn from it and then attempt NOT to repeat it again.

Masterrmind..........

--- 帖子 #994 ---
Excel done and ready for trading next week ........

Collect the ATW ranges over the past 20 trading days from each of the currency pairs:

eg AUDJPY

Chart [H1; 20 day ATW ranges]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Excel

Attached Image

eg AUDNZD

Chart [H1; 20 day ATW ranges]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Excel

Attached Image

Similarly for the other 11 pairs through to USDJPY!

Then tabulate all results into 1 Excel table as follows:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Live account traded over here http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=585458

Note: SL values can be used for the following week and then updated over the following weekend (unless ranges increase drastically)

Masterrmind..........

--- 帖子 #995 ---
Creating a safety net or profit buffer

The purpose of any trading account should be to generate profit!

However, inevitably the account may suffer from a loss related to the risk assigned by a given trader as a result of unfavorable trading conditions .

In terms of all trades running at the same time as in the case of a cycle of trades this risk could be anything from 1% to 10% (lower or higher).

A relatively small 1K account requires some forward thinking if the intent is to have it survive.

This is where I introduce the concept of a safety net or buffer profit which in the QAM Strategy have the same meaning.

In short a buffer profit is trading profit gained which can be used to offset a future loss on the trading account equivalent to the assigned risk that leaves the initial deposit intact.

What does this mean?

An Excel table is provided below:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Note the following:

1. A balance of $1111 is required to offset 1 by 10% loss and retain the starting balance (1K).

2. A balance of $1881 is required to offset 6 by 10% losses in a row and retain the starting balance (1K).

3. A balance of $2868 is required to offset 10 by 10% losses in a row and retain the starting balance (1K).

The main point here is to realize that a buffer profit should be very carefully generated to a given amount to offset a future loss based on your assigned risk per cycle.

There is a certain probability of having 1 by 10% loss.....

There is a certain probability of having 2 by 10% losses in a row.....

...........

...........

There is a probability of having N by 10% losses in a row......

The idea here is NOT to determine the probabilities but to understand that it is far less likely to have 2 by 10% losses in a row than 1.

The psychological part is very important here because basically once the account return hits $1111 you know that even if the account has a full 10% loss the initial balance remains intact.

Then when the balance reaches $1234 you know in your mind that the account can handle 2 by 10% losses in a row.

Then $1372 can survive 3 by 10% losses in a row.

etc

etc

If you have a solid trading plan in place once the account starts to grow larger you know its very unlikely to blow the account!

When you understand what this information means your confidence grows!!

ps. It all leads back to being in control of the applied risk .....

pps. I have used 10% in the examples because this is what I currently apply in the live 1K account but other traders will have different %risk.

Masterrmind............ :nerd:

--- 帖子 #996 ---
Cycles taken on the live account today

EG and GU cycles

EURGBP [M1; 200/700 - MN 407]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

GBPUSD [M5; 40/150 - MN 411]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Notes:

1. EG applied M1 to generate more entries based on an assumed lower trading range

2. GU applied M5 to generate fewer trades based on a slightly higher trading range

3. Watch PA across the chart and if using the EA be sure to apply the trending label indicator to obtain 'better' Q values and update in EA

4. If you fail to watch PA and update Q values then your cycles will most likely result in far less profit and possible loss (depending on initial values)

5. SLs and TPs are adjusted throughout the trading day based on many factors.

6. Typically stops should be tightened before FF Open but not always

7. Note where the TPs are placed and how much more profit could have been gained from the cycles (both); GBP data could have gone either way!

8. It was decided that the additional risk of allowing the trades to run was NOT worth it in this case and so trades were closed out for a nice % gain.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #997 ---
EURGBP [M1; 200/500 - EA/Manual; MN 507] cycle closed out today

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Spread issues associated with closing of trades can create a loss whereas a very low spread would have made an exit routine.

I didn't have to let the 3 shorts run though I could have closed them out for a small loss and still had a net profitable mini cycle.

I chose to let them run.

Overall a profitable cycle!

ps. It always pays to go over your cycles say end of day or no later than the weekend and consider if there was a better way to have handled the cycle of trades throughout the day.

pps. Always seek out ways to improve on trade management but realise that the far right side of the chart is never visible when trading live ... :nerd:

Masterrmind..........

--- 帖子 #998 ---
Cycles taken on the live account today

GBPUSD [M1; 200/700 - EA/Manual; MN 211]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Note: I could have closed out the cycle the 1st time price came back to the DO line but chose to let it run longer. This decision should not be taken lightly because price could easily have bounced off the DO and not returned anytime soon leading to losing trades or at the very least large DD.

It is better practice to close out the cycle especially when all trades are in profit. My rationale behind leaving the GU cycle to run was in considering the current DD on the NJ cycle which means current floating profit on the GU cycles was offsetting some of the DD on the NJ cycle. The idea was to generate more profit (at least attempt too) from the GU cycle just in case the NJ cycle turned nasty. As it turned out both cycles were profitable and I think maximum floating DD remained under 3% for both cycles combined (check this with myfxbook later).

NZDJPY [M5; 40/250 - EA/Manual; MN 212]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Note the difference in the number of trades generated usually expect more on an M1 TF but in this case that is not the case at all.

Price action across the chart is what causes the frequency of trades together with the selected Quantum value for a given pair.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #999 ---
Be aware of the possible impact on small quantum trading ranges and the movement of price from Quantum signal box to closure of trade.

Price can and will move quite a distance over a 5 minute TF as shown below (taken from my live QAm account) which can cut potential profit.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

When the ranges are very tight a profitable trade may reduce in profit or actually turn into a loss.

Note: it can also work the other way too making closure of trades more profitable in the case where price eventually closes many pips away from where the Quantum closure signal was first triggered.

ps. 1000th Post!

Masterrmind............ :nerd:

--- 帖子 #1000 ---
Thank you for posting 1000 posts on this thread and sharing your discretionary trading knowledge. I have immensly benefitted from them though I have not posted anything on your thread .

I have gone through each and every post of yours and thanks to you I realised what mistakes I was making.

In spite of making good profits I never took profits on cycle basis and was therefore stuck on days when I could not trade anymore because of FIFO rule and trying to control margin calls.

Cycle trading/Equity trend trading opened my eyes and in spite of three times the account showing 10% increase in a month in different weeks I was only looking at the profitability of each trade and felt helpless in not being able to trade any more for fear of margin calls or avoiding overtrading.

I am a 67 year old discretionary trader now teaching free of cost as a communitu service housewives and retirees with substantial savings to trade fx spot and fx options. Unfortunately, I don't have any skills in Excel or coding though I have learned to understand by practice and study how Excel sheets, Indicators, EAs, Apps margin/position/pip calculators can work as my trading assistants.

I only believe in signals transmitted by my brain and I use EAs only as data crunching aids.  I want to have simple  indicators and clutter-free chart for my brain to function smoothly and fearlessly.

I don't use any kind of TA indicators except Moving Averages Distance to determine trend, pullbacks, retracements and reversals. I am fond of using boxes for drawing ADR lines, using small TFs in large Time frames like GGbox (similar to M candle and other so many such indicators).

I keep looking for seasonal patterns (particularly for oil consumption for CAD trading) and fortnightly, monthly, quarterly changes (thinking that after all they need to have profits at least every quarter since there is no dividend paid by fx market makers).

Most of what I do is casually and intuitively. I have not put together my trading ways into a system so far.

But after seeing substantial profits and seeing big drawdowns (not affecting my equity in any way) in my account I realise I have to have a system if I have to teach discretionary trading effectively. And luckily I landed onto your thread.

What I do instinctively:

1. Take a direction view based on fundamentals only. I draw a mental map of daily news events and draw a sort of trigger points. If GBP or JPY has three events I will assume one event may take it up, another may bring it back to opening line and third one may even take it down. It always pays off at the end of the day if you are able to judge and do grid/position slicing trading.

2. I don't use stop-loss and instead pile up positions up to 5 slices. I determine the high-low of a month and then determine maintenance margin I will incur if the past pattern repeats. I also keep some more extra margin as buffer to enable me to do scalping.

3. I treat trading as a consumer goods business where I am dealing in only one limited edition item which can appreciate in time and lose value or gain value on a daily basis too.

My limited edition product is GBPJPY. It is always moving and has large ADR. It is sort of a derivative of 14 pairs, all involved in playing a chess game, and pulling each other in opposite directions. It is a challenge managing this fast moving pair but worth its while in terms of trading opportunities and profits. Its difficult to determine what direction it will take on a long-term basis. So I only use it for short-term trading (weekly/monthly position hoping for appreciation) or day trading and particularly scalping because of its momentum speed (making daily profits).

Trend bias is paramount for me and I don't trade during months like December, January when multi-year adjustments are carried out by market makers in Japan and USA to balance their books like any business person will do. I don't see any ulterior motives in this kind of exercise. Spot fx is affected greatly by options and structured products whose data is not available to retail fx traders. Large traders do seem to have access to such data and whether they act in tandem or not is anybody's guess.

I estimate Medium-term trend on the basis of fundamentals, seasonal pattern for CADUSD.

4. For running a business cash flow management is important. I am prepared to sell my goods at breakeven price but not on a loss or mix goods and sell on an average price.

I don't use stoploss and instead average my positions to reduce my breakeven point. Mentally, I am not affected by seeing some stock losing value on a daily basis and am willing to put up with a large drawdown up to 30% of position value. My day trading is not affected until I cross danger point of my account equity. It is at this point I get stuck and if the drawdown continues I feel frustrated at not doing scalping trades. My business practically comes to a halt. Luckily so far no reversal has taken place as to wipe out my equity (except in 2008) or put me in huge loss. Thank God, profits so far have taken care of my living expenses after I started trading in GBPJPY for more than a year.

5. I have been making decent money but now I realise I can't teach this kind of risk trading to anyone. And must make a system and collect proper tools.

Indicator/EAs/scrips I am now looking for are:

1. How to determine drawdown by selecting (a) date which means if I select 15th of a date vertical lines are drawn on each 15th of the month so that I can compare when the reversals A good script has been coded by cyber1 but that is inadequate . http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...83#post8939083

I am looking for a tool which can draw drawdown trendline by selecting two dates (from time,date,year to time,date,year) and selecting multiple dates up to 10 preferably using just one indicator to identify seasonal trends.

2. Drawing multi-time frame boxes based on volatility (ADR), pips input manually, Moving Average Distance, Fibs. I will use these boxes as point for entry and exit, support and resistance. You have provided a host of good tools. Your 20 pair ADR indicator and Session BO box are good. If the dashboard can print Moving Average Distance as well, it will be another good feature. Pivots+Fibs is also good. Moving Average Distance box drawn based on MA input will be very useful in visualising resistance/support, pullbacks, retracements, reversals, probable profit etc. For actual volatility I use Gumrai Multi Pips dashboard to do top down analysis to estimate medium term trend bias and CJA's Ranges Dashboard extra to keep an eye on ADR exhaustion points.

3. I have learned that Bollinger Bands or Donchian Channels could provide one-point indicator for all my needs. I have yet to come across this kind of strategy being practised from an experienced person like you.

4. For Position trading the way I slice portions to reduce breakeven points do you think Reverse Martingale can help me? The attraction for Reverse Martingale is risk/reward system and the possibility of not having a huge drawdown as a stoploss points. Instead I can slice drawdown into 7 stoploss positions and trade 1+2+4 total 7 trades for better risk reward positions.  In theory it looks good. Your advise and any EA can you recommend which can print positions on chart in a table form like profit tracker.

4. I advise my students to choose only Interactive Brokers for lowest commission, spreads and funds security. But I use MT4 to deploy assistants like Indicators, Scripts and EAs and for demo trading. I would like to have some indicators/EA which can provide statistics like FF TA on the chart itself. Similar to iprofit trackers but not based on history. To print on chart drawdown, probably profit based on dummy trades input manually or through EAS.

What I learned from you?

You have exposed me to the equity trend trading.

I will try to practise live on it.

And use Drawdown as stoploss point instead of looking at each trade's movements.

Can you suggest good entry points? I am at present using only MA distance. Fibos: Can they act as overbought or oversold points?

Thank you again for sharing liberally your experience and knowledge.

--- 帖子 #1001 ---
Welcome simnz,

Quite a detailed post with several very interesting points of view and worthy of discussion.

You are the first person to publicly mention the "equity trend trading" concept so very well done .....

Several 'traders' have argued that all I talk about is the risk applied to the account or they are only in it for the "entertainment value" ........

By understanding, modifying when necessary and controlling the risk on every trade or every cycle of trades a high degree of professionalism enters a traders mindset and with many hours of chart time (experience) the trader learns to trade almost instinctively in that they simply know what to do in any (most) situation.

The level of focus and the ability to react in a timely manner to what the market throws at you inevitably leads to a successful or unsuccessful trader.

There is no half way ground you either get the risk issue mastered or you remain mediocre at best .... these are the facts!

By outlining risk and short to longer term goals using Excel the process has been laid out very clearly for those interested.

Historical data allows an appreciation of what could occur in the future and an understanding that an outlier in the data is also possible meaning that once again risk enters the equation and must over-ride all other factors to protect the trading account.

The discretionary part of trading comes from plenty of the right type of experience.

Be very careful of using the words overbought and oversold ..... these are traps for the newbies of the trading world!

Any indicator that shows an overbought or oversold zone (typically 30/70 values are used) is only suggesting that price might be tired and therefore start looking to take some profit off the table.

Never use such an indicator to suggest that price is going to reverse since many times price can remain oversold or over bought far longer than you can remain solvent!

Risk again is the ticket out of this situation!

The price action does not care about a stochastic or MACD they mean almost nothing to the market!

Learn about risk management and learn price action trading techniques .... then when you've mastered these concepts start getting the fundamentals sorted out and knowing when they apply to a specific trading strategy or preferred trading window.

Simply looking for red news is only at the most basic form of understanding fundamental considerations in trading.

If small periods of time are traded in the market and not during high impact news events then fundamentals may play little to no role at all with the majority of trading handled through technical expertise.

However, and this is important, when (if) my little 1K account reaches 10K the cycles taken will start to overlap heavily into the Frankfurt and London sessions and when you have 20+ trades in a cycle running you better know how the fundamentals are 'likely' to impact on your results.

IF you assess the news impact to be high then you need to think about tightening stops, reducing the number of positions and a whole host of other considerations not yet elaborated on in my threads.

They will be addressed in the future when the time is more appropriate (only the very basics have been outlined so far).

One of the points I also mentioned was to know your preferred trading pairs very very well.

The trader still needs to decide which pairs to trade on which day and in which trading window slot.

There are times when other pairs might need to be added into the mix to offset some of the developing DD but which pair(s) do you choose and why would you choose a certain pair(s)?

1k account is a challenge ..... no secrets here!

>>10K ........ far better!

Could you elaborate more on exactly what you are referring too in terms of "Can you suggest good entry points?" .... perhaps post a chart with descriptions.

There are many methods that can be used for entries but it does depend alot on your intentions.

For example,

On a turtle pair (EURCHF or EURGBP) I might wish to have multiple entries generated to form a huge fan of trades because I know the likelihood of a large trading range is not very high so my intention might be to jam pack as many trades as possible within say a 20-30 pip range and all I'm looking for is price to drive up high enough to generate the trades in the first place and then drop 20-30 pips to close out the cycle. This is based on a long cycle of course but a short cycle could easily be set up also.

Remember that what we want from this huge cycle of trades is an enormous amount of pips however, since the lot size is fixed (at least at this stage it is for a small account balance) we know the ranges are small so we need plenty of trades to generate pips.

When the account is larger (much larger) I will show many different techniques (still with a maximum floating DD) that can easily generate hundreds of pips just on the 1 turtle pair.

So why don't I do that now? ........... 1K account can't handle the DD! The 1K account needs to grow up first!

Fibonacci ratios are very ideal for looking at over bought/sold conditions, exhaustion levels etc but far more powerful is to consider areas with very high confluence. This is where a given area might be at a 127.2 Fib extension which is also close to a key level of support or resistance (as the case may be) which is also close to the ADR (for example or trading window range). Basically, a zone where multiple points of interest come together to provide a high probability case for entry (still might lose the trade but on average over a long period they have shown to be very good areas to take trades).

Feel free to post charts if you wish and I'll address any further questions you might have in due course.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1002 ---
Thank you so much for responding with a response which I consider as extremely helpful in my trade journey.

1. I went through your Excel sheet and unable to understand what is meant by global variables and ADJ SL.

2.I will never think nor teach in terms of overbought or oversold nowonwards. I would rather now take profits at this stage and act depending on where my equity trend line stands. I need to learn more about how to trade equity trend line.

3. Risk Management : Your journal will help me in refining the methods. Price action trading techniques: Can I consider ADR or arbitrary use of roughly estimated pips as part of these activities?

4.Red News: Yes I consider it only a trigger point for that day. I try to go through news and analyse if they are planted with a motive.

And how the market makers are going to use it to make money, cover loss or do short covering. Example: I never believed BOJ has taken any decision on providing incentive to borrowers to borrow money (negative lending) and made 400 pips of GBPJPY in an hour of trading.

5. I do scalping on M30 entering at M5 based on moemntum , Currency Strength and Weakness during Asian sessions only.

6. Trading pairs: I mostly trade GBP/JPY and need advice from you on which pairs should I trade during Asian session to amass pips, particularly 20-30 pips strikers. Are there any pairs fit for straddles , both for short and long cycles ?

7. I can feel that there is some pattern to currency pair trading during Asian session as if a circus is being played where artistes are chosen randomly to perform and the hint of which pairs will get momentum is given very early in the first two hours of Japan session. If there is any indicator which can markdown timeout for each pair, may be those pairs can be identified very early before their size grows later in the day. I sometimes use an indicator which marks Zlines using seconds/minutes/hours/days/week ago in different timeframes.

GVC is now developing a basket indicator which will mark out time for currency strength and weakness and I hope it will be very helpful in identifying the momentum in early stages. He is supposed to post the EA this week. Once I have accessed it, I will post charts showing my entries.

8. I will now use Fib 127.2 as an anchor for entry. For positional trading, I want to systemise entry, adding more to winning entries. Which Fib level will be idea for it? Also for positions going in adverse direction, I want to average in order to reduce breakeven point.

At what point should I enter? Or should I use Moving Average Distance on day or weekly timeframe as an entry point? What factors should I take into figuring out Major and Minor confluence areas?

Kindly provide any useful material or analytical tools you feel will be good for my students to learn systematic but discretionary trading

using simple chart aids.

Thank you again for being generous in sharing your experience and knowledge.

--- 帖子 #1003 ---
1. The Adj SL is determined from finding the mean (average) ATW trading ranges over the previous 20 trading days (simply using a H1 TF and summing all the 20 values together and dividing by 20), then using Excel to find the value 1* SD away from the mean, then temporarily removing all values greater than the mean + 1 standard deviation value (Note: I could of used 2 * SD but 1*SD is sufficient at this stage). Then this new recalculated value gets 4 pips added to it and that becomes the initial global SL for a given pair.

Then this process needs to be repeated over all currency pairs which in my case is 13 pairs in total.

2. Looks like you understand this point I made... good.

3. Risk is very important! Without risk we make no profit and with too much risk we may end up losing everything .... so it needs to be understood.

4, 5 .... ok

6. GJ can be a wild pair. Are you trading a small 1K account as in my trading journal or a larger account? Be careful with GJ it can ferocious!

Think about what happens if a given currency shows great strength such as GBP and you plan to trade say EG + GU. If the euro and the USD are both neutral or very weak what would you expect to see in the PA on the chart?

EG - heavily down and generating a long cycle right?

GU - heavily up and generating a short cycle right?

How might trading these 2 pairs in tandem affect your DD?

How might the DD plotted against time look when trading both pairs at the same time?

a) if the trends remain strong more and more trades get opened and the DD increases ... yes?

b) think abut how you might add other pairs, reduce trades or hedge.

What about the risk involved?

What if the trend continues ....... and races out closer to your global SL .... what then?

You need to have a plan and you need to know with a fair degree of certainty how you will manage your trades.

Get very familiar with the charts especially the pairs you will be trading, look for patterns, know the typical trading ranges in a given trading window slot.

Know the session patterns and what PA does at the start of the day, Tokyo Open and leading into Frankfurt Open etc.

Check out the volatility charts available from myfxbook they are very useful.

Study price action, trading levels, pivot points and support and resistance because its very useful not only in the cycles but also for taking internal higher lot entries manually!

Confluence is particularly relevant to all areas of trading but again more so in the manual trade approach.

When I mentioned the 127.2 Fib as an exhaustion level please understand clearly that this does not mean that price will reverse on a dime!

If price hesitates and then continues say UP further then look at the 161.8 FIB as well as longer term levels of resistance in the case where price is pushing up higher and also identify the major handles (or the next handle up).

You must always look at the order flow and the transfer of strength from the bulls to the bears including but not limited to pin bars, bearish engulfing candle and a breakdown in momentum. But still you need to be patient, consider lower TFs and manage your risk with a realistic SL.

Attempt to search FF Forum for suitable material on a topic but feel free to ask questions here if you really get stuck.

Good trading,

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1004 ---
Thank you for taking out time to educate me.

1. Scalping has helped me in creating buffer margins on a daily basis and take care of losses.

However I have yet to find any indicator which can help me determine the acceleration of immediate momentum. Can you advise any indicator that can really help in identifying momentum acceleration though it looks like a stroke of luck is needed.

2. For longer cycles I have put faith in medium-term downward trend of GBPJPY because of Brexit and based on my news trading experience of more than 14 years. It has paid off for me so far. Next week I will switch to futures options trading on Euro pairs of CME until volatility becomes normal after Brexit. I will sell EURGBP calls and from the premium earned buy EURGBP puts. Now waiting for EURGBP to come up a little and then I will sell calls .The idea is to use market money to buy options. The risk is there but have to take it and suspend spot fx for a while to avoid rollercoaster rides.

What you taught me is invaluable about not treating any position as overbought or oversold.

3. I am attaching statistics produced by dweb's indicator. How can I intrepret them and use them for

(a) trading

(b) piling up or reducing positions
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

4. Myfxbook charts for volatility: How can I plan my TP, stoploss and building up grid/averaging/pyramiding based on those statistics?

An example with chart will be helpful for my students. Or any link of your post dwelling on this.

5. I want my students to use as less indicators as possible because of the limitations of the app platform on which they are trading. Particularly university students are able to get jobs on the basis of this platform , set up by a non-profit foundation, which is verifying their records and supplying to would-be employers. ForexMaster holds competitions for students on an on-going basis.

Will you be kind enough to advise me how to make best use of ForexMaster application which has limited technical indicators? Just by using two technical indicators - Moving Averages and Bollinger Bands- on the platform and analysis done by your Excel Sheets how can

that platform be used effectively? It is a little bit of challenger to use only two indicators and still be a good trader. Housewives, retirees and university students stand to benefit by using a simple platform like ForexMaster or Oanda (which is far better than Forexmaster as it provides many technical indicators) and similar other Apps I am not aware of. If you come across any other App which you feel is superior than Oanda, please do let me know.

Technologically challenged persons will welcome your lessons tailored for Mobile phone app.

6. I am following your journal. Unfortunately I use Interactive Brokers and not MT4. I will try to find a bridge to connect IB with MT4 two ways so that I can post my journal too. But I just found a good free platform fundseeder which supplies free journal and also access to

professional investors. Your journal should also find a place there. MT4 is acceptable to them.

--- 帖子 #1005 ---
Short TP scalping type trades at higher relative lot sizes are ideal for creating the buffer profit ........... correct!

Do not apply too high a lot size though be being greedy ... it is a double edged sword!

Expect huge volatility leading up to and during the Brexit referendum ........ potential fireworks in the making.

Some brokers are running scared and forcing traders to reduce leverage during this time and strangely enough its the same brokers who lost millions last time due to the CHF dropping their currency peg...........

As for dwebs indicator I too use it and find it very useful but I apply it to higher TFs such as M15 .... H1 and higher.

Best you address questions about his indicator directly to him as this is his little project not mine.

The problem with any momentum type indicators is that they fail  miserably when price on the chart decides to change direction almost randomly.

However, they may be useful in the case where very small scalp type trades are the order of the day and are applied in combination with other trading factors the most important of which is positioning of price relative to chart structure.

I'll send you a PM with the names of a few but I do not recommend any of them meaning that you use them as educational indicators and nothing else if you get my point.

I trade futures and options as well so all the best with those trades.

You should do some research on the volatility tables that myfxbook provides so you know exactly how the data is determined.

Averaging and pyramiding ..... ahh yes very profitable techniques if applied correctly.

I may (read that as I will) be using such techniques later in the QAM method but not at this early stage because the small account needs to be nurtured and cared for over several more months until its grown up and can handle some serious techniques that I will throw at it.

Crawl ...... walk ........ run type of mentality.

MA - take them or leave them is my approach and I never trigger a trade based off any MA

Bollinger bands - same story.

Masterrmind........

--- 帖子 #1006 ---
I will not get into any discussions about how great or how bad brokers are or might be!

These types of discussions should be directed at the Broker threads not in a trading strategy thread!

Thanks in advance everyone.

Masterrmind ...........

--- 帖子 #1007 ---
Trading Analytics

There are plenty of trader analytic type websites popping up all over the place.

I encourage discussion and debate over trader analytic type systems and websites.

In case you missed it I have my live trading account linked to a trade explorer (TE - Forex factory) and myfxbook.

There is also FXBlue which can be used and at least a thousand others!

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #1008 ---
Hmmm.any body can creat excel file. And with which step and lot trade give me a which price I can close all position until I have not lose.the zero level??

--- 帖子 #1009 ---
Hi sanyax,

Most people can work with Excel but certainly not all!

Excel is a simple and convenient tool that provides a trader with a means of analyzing data and turning it into usable information.

The market offers no future guarantee of profitability no matter how great the historical results.

A trader needs to be smart enough to understand the risks involved and control this risk.

Profit is never known in advance but the risk should be!

Obviously the smaller the risk even on a non-winning sequence of cycles or trades the longer the account survives until eventually 'termination' will occur.

Termination of the trading account rarely if ever occurs at a balance of zero and mathematically it occurs at a level >0 but less than required margin to open the smallest lot size offered by a given broker.

This is due to margin requirements set by a given broker which means that at a very small balance the brokerage account will not have enough funds to meet margin and therefore unable to open any position.

+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

I'm assuming you are referring to the consecutive 10% losses Excel sheet!

Other risk% can be tabulated in Excel such as 7%, 5%, 2%, 1% or 0.5% or any other value.

1K account I intentionally applied a 10% maximum floating DD level because of the nature of the Quantum Strategy which is DD hungry.

Very Important: For a different strategy a different risk% would need to be determined.

Experience and analysis tells me that this applied risk% of 10 is suitable for a small 1K account trading the QAM Method as I do.

It serves 2 purposes:

1. It allows for some DD to be generated and a reasonable net% gain to be made daily (recall that net %gain is typically 0.3 to 0.5 * DD) and

2. If a full 10% loss occurs it is considered recoverable (certainly more so than say 25-35% loss which would be damaging psychologically)

* Note: for much larger accounts say >>10K the risk% should be greatly reduced (2% to 5%) and for >>100K perhaps use 0.5 to 1% risk.*

Profiles can be developed using Excel or other sophisticated software that show how reaching a given $$ amount changes over time.

These are based on the applied risk% for an initial balance and then altering the risk% at various levels of account balance.

So imagine from:

1K to 5K a 10% risk is applied

>5K to 10K a 8% risk is applied

>10K to 20K a 6% risk is applied

>20K to 50K a 5% risk is applied

>50K to 100K a 2% risk is applied and

>100k a 0.5% to 1% risk is applied

Ofcourse this is theoretical but it gives the trader an expectation of a future time horizon and allows them to modify and alter their strategy dynamically over time.

Obviously, the smaller the applied risk and assuming a 'good' strategy is used the longer it takes to reach the ultimate goal!

Therefore, the trader decides what risk% to apply and how this risk% will be changed over time relative to the growing account balance.

The trader might also like to reduce the risk% based on 1 or 2 losing events.

For example, say the current balance is $1234 (initially 1K) and applied risk is 10%.

A trader suffers a full 10% loss and now the account is $1111.

The trader may choose to lower the risk to 5-7% and trade at this level until they build up the account again and then either stay at say 5-7% or increase risk back to 10%...... trader choice every time!

The purpose of this table is to provide the trader with a clear understanding of how risk% levels influence the account balance in cases of loss.

The Excel is also to provide a confidence booster to the trader from a psychological point of view.

It is hoped that a trader carefully builds up the buffer profit and continues onto each additional buffer profit level.

However, in reality it is likely over a given time horizon that a trader will eventually hit perhaps not all of the assigned risk but at least a large chunk of it.

Take a look at my live trading account QAM-1K Live and you'll notice one such drop in the equity curve when a daily loss occurred but it was not the full 10% rather less than this amount at 6.34%.

++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

In answering your question! ........ hmmm

Not really sure what you are asking.

There are no guarantees in trading success, not now, not next week or anytime in the future!

If you continue to lose 1 day after the other and have no winning days then of course your account will eventually have insufficient margin to open the lowest lot size and that's when its over for you. At least until you replenish the account!

If it was me and I had >2 full losing days in a row at 10% each then I would stop trading probably for the rest of the week and certainly have a very long hard look over the weekend through my personal trading journal (which every trader should keep and not just the comments that I write in the posted Excel every day as this is not my personal trading journal) and look at every single trade I took both good and bad and try to determine why the losses occurred.

Start asking questions:

1. Is it the market and news impacts?

2. Is my applied risk set too high?

3. Am I following my trading plan?

4. Am I trading too many pairs at the same time and getting into DD thats too much for me to handle?

5. etc

A trader should be all over their trading strategy, their risk level, the sessions they trade, typical session patterns, understand Exel data and what the information means and in short understand every component and treat it as a business that you personally audit.

Hope you find some of this information useful and if not that's ok because I'm sure other traders will.

Good trading,

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1010 ---
thankes for replay and sorry my bad english

i need som excel file for back test and know how much max dd

--- 帖子 #1011 ---
For my account you can always check the TE here on FF Forum or on myfxbook (search Masterrmind) and look for the DD.

If you wish to test your own scenarios then your results may be far different from mine because of the trader discretion applied in this QAM Strategy.

1. You will need to know what initial account size you wish to trade eg 1000, 2000, 5000, ...., 100 000 etc)

2. Then you the trader needs to decide what risk you will apply.

3. I have provided some hints and ideas about risk% applied to certain account sizes in the posts above as well as elsewhere in my 2 threads.

What are you trying to backtest?

If your initial account size is <=$1000 (or other currency equivalent) then I would limit maximum floating DD to 5-10%.

Depending on how comfortable you are with trading multiple pairs and multiple trades best option is to start with 1 pair and only 2-3 trades.

In this case you might only require 2-5% based on 0.01 lots per 1000 balance.

ps. If you are prepared to state your initial account size and level of experience then I'm prepared to comment on a realistic max DD level however, typically this is a very personal matter based on traders risk tolerance.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1012 ---
Trading account now connected to fundseeder!

ps. note that the account will not be placed on the leader board until it hits 50K ..... plenty of work to be done in the meantime!

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1013 ---
Fundseeder has a lot of credibility than myfxbook. Glad you are there. Leader board needs 6 months and 50K equity.

I feel you will hit 50k mark even though the job looks stupendous to anyone who has not gone through such a journey.

I am familiar with this journey.

The more simple the methodology of analysis and trading is there, the possibility of strike rate in Asian session is 90%. This is based on my own experience of keeping 10-20 pips target and entering when the momentum is about to gain. Only discretionary trader can guess the timing of momentum acceleration. EA and indicators are not of any particular help here so far.

During last 5 months I have tried: (a) multipairs and the return in a month was 17% (b) single pair because I am unable to spend much time on watching chart and the return is 9%. However, I have to have a grip of risk management so that drawdown remains in control all the time.

Equity trend trading, which I learned from your post, gave me an idea of how to cope with long persisting drawdowns.

My trading approach

I am a momentum trader, trade only during Asian hours in one pair GBPJPY, and depend on three factors for my trading with a target of 60-80 pips a day .

I estimate probability of pip movement by using Session Average or ADR and real-time volatility figures posted on free site: finviz under forex performance category.

My trade routine:

(a) Identify momentum drivers : GVC's Basket5 EA captures momentum drivers (pair count plus 5 starred pairs) in real-time and I rely on it completely.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I use two charts: one having only GVC EA and another having three indicators, line regression channel , AIMS Box (fractals shadows) and Blubbb_zlines (indicator for momentum direction marking)

(b) Estimate time it will take for the basket (GBPJPY co-relation is 90-95% most of the time with the 14 pair group) to achieve pips movement. GVC EA is recording the basket pips movement by way of weekly, day, 4 hour and one hour and identifying the strength by way of pair count and the position of 5 heavyweights.

(c) I do trading on M30 frames and enter market normally during last 5 minutes of each M30 candle during Asian Hours hoping HTFs will push the momentum during that time so that I can get out with 20 pips on GBPJPY in 10-15 minutes time of trading. These days it is working. Last Thursday I traded for 20 pips but instead got 80 pips in a matter of 7 minutes. Whether it is a regular pattern or not is yet to be determined.

I estimate how long the momentum time (15m or 30m) may take to reach my pip distance target and then I jump into the trade in M1 tf and hope to exit whenever my target is met. TP limit order is placed along with the trade itself.

When the market makers/HTFs unleash their volumes is not known to anyone but time marked (seconds/minutes ago) for each pair as well as the direction by way of an arrow the 14 pairs will give an idea of whether to jump in the trade or not. This feature may be added by GVC

Risk/Money Management

Quick Top down analysis is given by GVC EA and I develop some bias for short-term trades based on my fundamental views and the economic calendar events.

Since I average positions into 5 equal lots instead of using SLs to reduce my breakeven point, I apply my bias and keep ready a stand-by (emergency) short-term trade positions plan in case my momentum trade goes in adverse direction. More like a back-up system for me.

Last month, largely because of me putting too much faith in my bias as well as greed, I missed three opportunities to take profit each week. After reading about equity trend from your posts I finally took the profit having recovered from 25% drawdown last week. Last month I went through 25% drawdown (all from profits ), recovered in a week, again went down in water by 18%, 20% and finally recovered equity by 24%.

I will continue to do scalping as my short cycle stream of income as it has worked for me.

Now for long cycle stream I want to continue to do averaging/pyramiding with equal lots and am looking for a

system to reduce my breakeven point.

Please guide me on designing a Risk/Money Management plan and how to cope with consecutive volatility.

I have just come across a free excel sheet as part of forexop's site under tools/stop-loss-take-profit-optimizer which is close to what I am doing presently.

Thank you.

--- 帖子 #1014 ---
The account needs to build up quite a lot to meet the requirements of being placed on the leader board!

But given enough time I believe its certainly achievable .......... time will provide the answer.

I've had a good look at some of the other accounts there which show the analytical history some of which have very interesting results!

A common factor among many traders is their inability to consistently produce similar gains as the account grows on a month by month period!

Especially as the account size increases considerably ..... the monthly gains tend to drop off (not in all cases though but certainly most).

I too have traded much larger accounts and grown them but not a 1K account using the QAM Method its for the benefit of smaller startup Quantum

traders and also the fact that I enjoy a challenge.......... !!

If someone says it can't be done I'm the first to ask .... Why not?

++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

There are plenty of dashboards here on FF!

GVC, Seller9 and many others have created great dashes and basket trading EAs but the problem is traders typically push a button hoping for success which rarely if ever comes and if it does it is very short lived.

For longer term trades definitely get onto the fundamentals and form an expectation of which direction the pair is likely to trade and have a plan in place for when it goes against you.

++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

Your Drawdown:

Seriously your DD @ 25% is bordering on out of control in my opinion and you need to address this issue now.

Look at limiting your DD and what processes do you have in place if DD continues against you say it increases to 28% ...then 30% ... then 40% ....

What processes do you have in place ..... hedging strategy .... depositing additional funds .... closing some or all trades .... something else?

What is your backup plan precisely?

Greed -------- eliminate this trait from your trading now as it will turn you into a gambler not a risk averse trader!

I think you need to have a good look at implementing my equity trend trading approach.

I also use short term scalping techniques to gather quick profit using higher lot sizes especially in developing DD situations that might need to be offset by some buffer profit.

Averaging and pyramiding can certainly work well in the right situations but I won't really apply these techniques until the account is much larger.

With A + P applied the growth can really accelerate.

Please explain the following quote in more detail please:

"Please guide me on designing a Risk/Money Management plan and how to cope with consecutive volatility."

I think I know what you are asking but I need to know which system you are trading, an idea of account size, trading ranges expected etc etc.

In short I need to know your trading plan ..... pairs, session times etc etc.

Once you provide enough information then I'll draft up a money management plan for you.

Good trading,

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1015 ---
I have already explained you the entire trading setup I follow. Asia session only. Entry based on momentum acceleration generated by ongoing moves of 14 pairs. Sell GBPJPY if JPY is strong and buy GBPJPY if GBP is strong.

I also trade EurUSD occasionally like an option trade. I will identify EurUSD high-low for 100 days and plan my trading margin. If the high-low range for 100 days duration is (example : 600 pips) I will add 50 pips as buffer . For 650 pips I will calculate initial + maintenance margin required based on 5% initial margin and then stuff another 30% (200 pips) as buffer margin. So basically I will be putting in 850 pips worth money in margin account.

I will slice 850 pips margin in 5 parts and 170 pips or $1700 will be my first lot. 50 pips is my target. I don't calculate

risk/reward part. Averaging is done by trading equal lot of $1700 at every 120 pips move. So far, I have not calculated drawdown for this pair and maximum 4 lots have been used by which time reversal happens and profit is generated.

Problem comes in when the pair goes up for 4 consecutive days with 600-700 pips at a go. It happens once every quarter. At that point I sell CME futures options at 300 pips above the spot price (ATM) at peak of 700 pips and buy call option from the proceeds to hedge. I am OK with this kind of hybrid risk management because I am not putting in additional money to buy insurance.

GBPJPY has no CME future options and I am deprived of the opportunity to hedge my spot fx. I am yet to set up a proper risk management plan for handling it. The returns are lucrative and generate quick returns in a matter of 10 days and the returns can be up to 35% a month on total margin equity.

I calculate 1200 pips hi-lo monthly range plus 400 pips as buffer. Total 1600 pips. I use 300 pips worth money as initial+maintenance margin (about $2800 as first lot) and subsequent lots will betraded at a distance of 200 pips if the position goes adverse, to reduce break even point. 20 pips x 4 or 5 trades = 80-100 pips is daily target. Again no Risk/Reward calculation.

I travel for long periods so sometimes don't trade at all for 60 to 75 days in one go. So there is no consistency in my

returns.

GBPJPY generated 32% of profits in scalping in April alone and provided a mental cushion to accept the drawdown of 25% which if I had liquidated would still have left me with 7% profit. But the drawdown recovered last week by 22% on Thursday and I liquidated the position treating it as equity trade. On Friday I did not trade because of other work.

--- 帖子 #1016 ---
Means yo trade with system and trade step step until your balance decrease 5%? And then close all position?

--- 帖子 #1017 ---
Your method differs alot from the QAM Strategy no question about that!

Would you be prepared to start your own thread here on FF Forum.

To discuss your risk management dilemma because although this topic is relevant your style is far removed from the QAM Strategy.

Otherwise we can address it via PM if you wish.

ps. I don't really want this thread going off on a tangent to what I've started here if you know what I mean.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1018 ---
Not quite right.

If 5% was the assigned maximum floating DD then I would start looking to apply other techniques when floating DD starts to exceed say 2.5 to 3%.

If you wait until 4.5% out of a possible 5% then you are not giving yourself much room to move.

By room to move I'm referring to opening up additional recovery trades because these trades will almost certainly draw some DD between open and close.

It would not be my intention to close all positions at once although this can happen depending on the situation.

I would be more inclined to stagger the SLs of the remaining trades by 5 to 10 pips if possible even if it means drastically reducing the SL locations of the first few trades. This gives your trades a chance to miss being stopped out all at the one price when waiting for a reversal in price.

Ultimately the most important rule is to NOT exceed the maximum floating DD .... period!

So a trader needs to carry out their business and trading techniques within the guidelines.

Understand the risk, make sure the sum of all your SLs of all open trades add to less than the assigned maximum floating DD!

Eventually you'll be able to think far more clearly and rationally and concentrate on your open positions because you know that your risk is taken care of.... subject to PA and other factors on the chart when an opportunity arises allowing the SLs to be tightened you take it with both hands because you know it means a reduction in risk!

Masterrmind..........

--- 帖子 #1019 ---
I think that's OK.  I would not start my thread and i would be thankful if you find time to send me PM.

However you can generalise risk/money management techniques for the benefit of all readers.

--- 帖子 #1020 ---
Yes the risk management part is fine and can be generalized however its not my intention to get heavily involved with option and futures talk in this thread because it detracts from the original intent of this thread.

Thanks for understanding and I'll be in touch via PM in the very near future.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1021 ---
Hi Mastermind,

Can you please post any Excel sheet to calculate in real time Hourly range of fx pairs?

I have come across an old Excel file which I don't know how to format to work with MT4 DDE link.
Attached File(s)   HourlyRange.xls

104 KB
|
357 downloads

Any help in either giving new Excel sheet or reformatting the attached old file will be appreciated.

Thank you

--- 帖子 #1022 ---
Go to the following link and read it in its entirety.......

https://www.mql5.com/en/forum/43886

Then extract the hourly pip data from MT4

AUDUSD [H1 Chart]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

EURJPY [H1 Chart]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

ps. now you must do some extra work yourself and attempt to complete the Excel.

pps. its not difficult at all so please try then you'll be able to do it whenever you like because you'll own the knowledge!

Masterrmind.........

--- 帖子 #1023 ---
Thank you so much.

Unfortunately, I have no Excel skills as mentioned earlier.

I will seek help from a student of mine.

--- 帖子 #1024 ---
Have found a good indicator to assess volatility for each timeframe without using Excel.
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...49#post6418349

--- 帖子 #1025 ---
Thanks simnz but there are plenty of tools available.

Best to make good use of them and turn a profit.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1026 ---
INTERNAL TYPE TRADES USED IN THE QAM TRADING METHOD

ABCD & AB=CD trading patterns

A discussion with examples and live trades will commence shortly but highly based on participation rate.

When a Quantum cycle is in progress there might be opportune times to generate additional profit.

A very powerful and relatively easy trading strategy to learn is the ABCD and AB=CD patterns.

They are as I say easy to learn but they take some practice to master which usually comes with plenty of practice and experience including at least the following:

1. Correct pattern identification

2. Correctly drawing the AB and CD legs

3. Correctly identifying Fibonacci ratios

4. Awareness of Price Action across the chart

5. Awareness of pivot points, mid points, support and resistance, mid S+R levels, DO line, key handles

6. Awareness of chart structure

7. Awareness of typical session patterns throughout the trading day

8. Forming an expectation of where price is likely to go and how to react when your expectations are not met

9. Many other factors that will be illustrated over time with appropriate examples from myself and other contributors

10. Risk management (initial setup usually seeks at least a 1:1 or better risk:reward (r:R))

Giving the trade enough room to breathe tends to be the greatest hurdle and many times there is plenty of profit left on the table.

This is an issue that needs to be addressed.

These type of trade setups can either be applied as internal trades whilst outer Quantum cycles are in play or as additional trades in other trading sessions.

Feel free to post setups in any session as you wish since not all traders can only trade in the Asian session.

Examples from any trading session are therefore welcome since they will be relevant ABCD patterns that everyone can learn from!

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1027 ---
The same 13 pairs will be used to provide examples of the ABCD technique that currently apply in the QAM Method.

Attached Image

Time frames used will be mostly as follows:

M1

M5, and

M15

However, other higher TFs can also be used if desired.

Higher TFs typically take longer to complete (such as H1, H4, D1 etc)

(ultimately it becomes the traders choice!)

ps. if you post examples please only use the 13 pairs listed above to match up to the same pairs traded in the Quantum cycles!

Masterrmind..........

--- 帖子 #1028 ---
It will be expected that a trader is familiar with using the MT4 platform.

1. Can use all of the MT4 toolbox proficiently

2. Can draw Fibonacci retracements and extensions and is familiar with the 0.0, 38.2, 50, 61.8, 78.6, 88.6 and 100 ratios

3. Can identify swing highs and swing lows and any relevant intermediate swings on multiple TFs

4. Knows how to draw an AB and a CD leg by highlighting the AB leg and copying it to form a CD leg

5. Is familiar with DO line, pivots, S+R levels, supply and demand, order flow (short and long term)

6. Reasonably familiar with price action (PA)

7. Reasonably familiar with chart structure

8. Very familiar with stops and TP and how they relate to r:R

Many examples will be shown initially of past examples to demonstrate what we are searching for in a valid ABCD setup.

Then I'll start looking for setups to trade live in the QAM-1K Live account initially @ 0.01 lots and then progress to 0.02 lots.

The lower lot sizes need to be respected at this stage for 2 main reasons:

1 - its a small 1K account and

2 - a QAM cycle is currently running on the AJ + EA currency pairs

So we need to be mindful of the current available margin on the trading account at all times!

Examples will be posted later.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1029 ---
ABCD

Step 1 - draw the AB leg

Example 1

AUDUSD [M5 Chart]

Draw a trendline from a swing low to a swing high and label it AB as shown on the posted chart.

Make sure the AB leg connects the full range of the move (lowest low to highest high)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Be aware of major session opens at all times and what they represent in terms of likely volatility.

Pink vertical line = Tokyo Open
Blue vertical line = London Open

5 hours after London Open a red vertical line represents New York Open (not shown on the current chart)

ps. Bar chart shown but a candlestick chart is also perfectly ok and will be interchanged from time to time.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1030 ---
Step 2 - apply the Fibonacci tool to the AB leg

Start from Point A and connect to Point B and make sure only the ratios shown on the chart are applied as this is all we need.

Open the Fibo tool and change the levels to 0, 38.2, 50, 61.8, 78.6, 88.6 and 100.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Be sure to change the levels and also the description eg level = 0.382 and description = 38.2 similarly for all the others.

Later you will save the final chart as a template that you can re-open later.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1031 ---
Step 3 - apply leg CD

Now copy the AB leg (click on the AB leg once or twice depending on your MT4 settings)

Then by holding down the "cntrl" key left click your mouse on top of the AB leg and drag and drop the copied leg so that the lowest part of the leg connects to the lowest level of the pullback.

Refer to the chart shown below:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The level at Point D represents a possible TP based on ABCD setup.

It is usually preferable to set your TP just below Point D but this is discretionary and up the trader to decide.

You need to be aware of areas of support and resistance, pivot points and psych levels and handles and consider all these factors before taking an entry.

If an entry was taken at Point C to go long it is referred to as an aggressive C-Buy and would be taken just above Point C.

The probability of winning the trade is far increased if multiple factors align including levels and bullish intent of the market.

An aggressive C-Sell would be the case for a setup looking to short the pair from just below Point C.

Masterrmind..........

--- 帖子 #1032 ---
Completion of the aggressive C-Buy example on the AUDUSD [M5 Chart] pair.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Looking for an opportunity to short the pair down:

Now that trade is finished a trader might start looking for weakness in the strength of the bulls and attempt to go short at or just below Point D.

TP would be just above the next lower level of support (namely DO line or the Daily Pivot Point).

Better still would be to short when a key level of resistance overhangs Point D ........ :nerd:

So its fairly simple to apply but you need to be aware of many different factors to increase your chances of winning the trade!

Note: TP should in most cases should be placed just below the Point D level!

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1033 ---
AUDUSD [M5 Chart; reversal]

Short in action as an example only in this case but we are following price live in the market!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Remember to watch price action and any sign of strength in the bulls in which case if you are in a trade then you might decide to close it out for a small profit or as small loss and re-enter at a later time ..... trader choice always!

Remember too that the market drives the price NOT us... we simply tag along for the ride using our intelligence and market wit!

Note: when you are looking for bearish or bullish intent its usually easier to have red and blue candles or some other color so you can easily see when the bulls are starting to take control or the bears are......

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1034 ---
Now then what session is about to strike and what usually happens in this session to price action???

If we were in a short trade now is there any reason for concern or do we just let the market dish out what it likes to us??

ps. you need to know that Frankfurt Open comes out 1 hour before London ..... this is really important (most traders know this but the newer traders may not so be warned!

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1035 ---
AUDUSD

Price rests right on the 0.7400 handle

Whats this mean?

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #1036 ---
If price decided to break up past Point D you need to start looking for either taking small TP long entries or wait for a better opportunity to short the AUDUSD down if such an opportunity shows itself.

How do we do this?

Hint: look for higher levels of resistance to price, chart structure and my favorite ..... the 127.2 exhaustion level .... oh my!

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1037 ---
more drawdown ???

--- 帖子 #1038 ---
Does this chart help?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Daily Resistance in confluence with the 127.2 Fib ....

CONFLUENCE............. CONFLUENCE.............. CONFLUENCE

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1039 ---
The risk to reward needs to be at least initially >=1:1

So now you need to look at places on the chart where your SL and TPs would go and check out the r:R

Some trades might not be worth taking purely because the r:R is not >1

If thats the case wait until a setup presents itself again on the same pair or go trade another pair... keep it simple!

Masterrmind........... :nerd:

--- 帖子 #1040 ---
Confluence of trading levels and Fib ratios etc looks fantastic but you also need to consider session time, all other chart structure and most importantly you need to be aware that not all trades will lead to riches some perfectly forming trades may result in a loss.

Good news is that most work out very nicely indeed.

Test out many many examples both long and short entries and see for yourself.

The more experience the better you will become at spotting valid setups.

Good luck!

Masterrmind............ :nerd:

--- 帖子 #1041 ---
If you have questions feel free to ask.

Remember there is no such thing as a stupid question and certainly not in my threads.

In the meantime either later today after London Open commences or possibly NY session I'll be applying some live trades using ABCD techniques.

If a given setup requires additional techniques that have not yet been outlined then I'll make time to present these and if not today then certainly by tomorrow.

ps. If I find no suitable setups to trade then I'll simply not take any as its far better practice to seek out the ones that at least tick all the boxes and show the greatest potential to be winners.

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #1042 ---
This is indeed what i do. If i lose the perfect timing/price i will wait for another entry.

Thank you for the charts and for pointing out things to watch.

I will post some charts after work, hoping that it will not be to much out of topic.

Hace a nice day

--- 帖子 #1043 ---
Result on AUDUSD

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Straight through TP.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1044 ---
Looking forward to it.

This is just the beginning there are far more examples but I think unless others show charts and participate it will probably be only the live trades I take in the QAM account which should still provide ample examples and commentary.

Lets see how enthusiastic they become!

ps. your posted charts will be more than welcome just as long as most of them are of the 13 pairs (preferred)!

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1045 ---
Here is a good example that was missed on the CHFJPY pair....

Its always easy to make comments in hindsight however, this is an ideal type of setup that you should be looking for in an aggressive C-Sell.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Price pulled back and then entry into the trade just below the Pivot Point and the DO line.

You need to waiting for the trade to setup meaning that you must be actively searching the charts otherwise its very easy to miss really good trades.

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #1046 ---
Possible TP also further down for a 1 to 1 on the CHFJPY pair

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1047 ---
AUDUSD - Projection Fibs and Potential ABCD legs

Mapping out potential turning points at fib ratios based on current price.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

If price continues to drop you simply follow it and readjust your AB leg (the pink colored leg) accordingly.

The red legs are the potential CD legs of which only 1 will be used depending on which level price reverses at if price does in fact reverse (it could keep going up so you need to always keep an open mind and expect anything in the market!

2 alerts can be set in MT4 for this pair as follows:

Alert 1 for when price reaches the first of the upper price levels.

Alert 2 for when price continues to break down lower.

While you wait for the alert to go off you can attend to other setups on other pairs.

Obviously the alert that goes off first will tell you which direction the market is headed.

ps. in the case of any news coming out you need to be aware of its uncertainty which could mean that a setup is voided due to increased risk.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1048 ---
As i said during summer i don't have time to look at the lower TFs. So i decided to trade 1h chart.

I also decided to check the general price movement on 4h and daily chart, considering the structure on higher TF.

I was looking to EUR/JPY:

Daily chart:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

1h chart:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

If the price will retrace i'm thinking to go short on the level marked.

1D and 1h are saying the same ( if the price will retrace)

What do you think?

--- 帖子 #1049 ---
Yes thats the way always form an opinion and have an expectation of where you think price will go.

If it doesn't go there no harm done you simply look for other opportunities.

However, if your expectations are met and price action fulfills them then it starts to give your setup more credibility and substance.

Once you start  to see this unfold live it is amazing to say the least.

Money is flowing into the JPY currency so plenty of strength at the moment.

As you'll notice on the H1 TF the trades do take longer to materialize but thats ok you simply just wait patiently.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1050 ---
Not likely to take any trades today although the AUDUSD pair is possibly setting up for a good short.

If the AU trade is not taken I'll look for more setups tomorrow.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1051 ---
How do we trade ABCD pattern for recovery trades?

AUDNZD was bought last week expecting RBNZ to cut interest rates. However, the trade went adverse and lost around 200 pips on a single day as

against daily range of around 85 pips.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

How do we use ABCD to recover trades?

I normally would buy one more position at the 1.04450 (round number) and target 1.61 FIB0 recovery at 1.05955 (from high to low) or 00.00 fibo (from low to high) on D1. Since the daily candle lost around 230 pips I feel it should be able to recover at least 50% of the loss before it continues in same direction or reverses since the daily candle lost 240 pips against 85 daily average.

How many times should I trade AB-CD for re-entering in order to reach the target?

--- 帖子 #1052 ---
The ABCD pattern is another trading technique that can be applied to make profit as simple as that.

It can be used to make additional profit between other cycles of trades or as a stand alone technique.

If you can master the ABCD pattern and apply strict MM then you may not need any other trading technique as it can stand alone.

I've introduced it here because it is a simple but very powerful technique that many traders might be interested in learning.

A certain degree of trader discretion is required when entering an aggressive trade such as a C-Buy or a C-Sell.

If you get kicked out of the trade twice it might mean that your SL is far too tight or that the setup is not good enough or that the market has decided to reverse on you.

In that case a trader should listen to the market and try to understand what the price action (PA) on the chart is saying.

The PA might simply be hitting levels of support or resistance as the case may be and reversing against your position.

An aggressive entry might have the stop well below or above Point A initially but the idea is to manage the trade closely and simply monitor the PA and if you sense (yes thats right ... sense) that price is having a difficult time continuing in your favored direction then you close out the trade.

Keep it simple and keep the stops tight (broker stop loss is one thing but where you stop out a trade should be far tighter)

As time goes on many many more examples of live trades will be posted here so hopefully it will become clearer.

It really takes a lot of practice but after awhile it will make sense to you.

I hope that answers your questions and if not please re-ask exactly what you mean by recovery ABCD trades as my thinking is that they are simply additional trades that look to make profit.

ps. Looking at your chart it appears that you are attempting to trade every ABCD setup and this is the wrong approach. We seek to find high probability setups and only trade them and in cases where we take aggressive trades we watch the trade via the PA very very closely and do not hesitate to close out the trade if price looks intent on going against us which in many cases should be well before SL.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1053 ---
AUDUSD [M5; C-Sell]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I like the fact that the trade is shorted under both the DO line and the pivot point and the stop well up.

An example live C-Sell taken and very close to being a 61.8 retracement.

Price could bounce up off support a little lower down and head back up.

A few obstacles to price on the way down in the form of support levels so we'll see how price continues.

ps. this trade will be left to run although the TP might be tightened up a little just above midS level the green dashed line!

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1054 ---
I'll leave the trade to run exactly as it appears on the screenshot.

Preference would be to monitor and close out the trade the nearer it gets to TP but we'll see how it turns out.

Time for rest I'm afraid!

Trade well!

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1055 ---
AUDUSD [M5 Chart] - C-Sell update from overnight!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Trade remains in profit but PA is quite flat.

Options include:

1. Leave SL + TP as they are.

2. Drop the SL down a bit before Tokyo Open (due to open in <30 minutes) and reduce the TP so it sits just above next highest support level

3. Wait for Tokyo Open and see where the momentum drives price and then react

I'll wait until Tokyo Open before making any decisions since the trade appears to be in no immediate danger!

ps. there is always the option to close out the trade for a small profit when PA is seen to be quite flat .... trader choice.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1056 ---
AUDUSD [M5] - update

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Stop moved to BE + some pips to lock in profit but still remains above the DO line.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1057 ---
AUDUSD - update

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Looking for price to rollover at or near mid support turned resistance and continue to move lower.

If price breaks up through the option is always there to close out the trade for some profit (trader choice)

I'll keep the trade running for now!

If price continues to move up give it room to breathe since small pullbacks on the way down are common.

Then look for an intent for price to reverse and continue the downward trend.

... afterall the trade is currently in profit!

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1058 ---
AUDUSD - update

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

some bullish intent shown

watching for bearish intent on the following candles

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #1059 ---
AUDUSD - update

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Manual close be considered at the level shown on the chart or alternatively at 25 pips or greater.

Lets see!

ps. TP level shown lower down represents a 50 pip take profit!

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1060 ---
AUDUSD -update

Trade eventually taken out for a little better than BE.

Comparisons can also be made between the time it took leg AB to develop relative to the CD leg.

If the PA is slow or relatively flat always give it a chance but lock in at least some profit to protect the trade.

Bullish reversal back up to the DO line resulting in trade closure.

I see no point in reversing the SL back out beyond Point A and only time will tell if this would have provided a 'better' trade.

Allowing the stops to remain out so wide also creates an element of risk.

In the case of higher lot to account balance/equity ratios it is usually wiser to lock in profit sooner rather than later.

Onto the next setup............

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1061 ---
What is the scenario of NZD data releases today making impact on movement of AUDUSD?

Is that the reason you got out?

--- 帖子 #1062 ---
Hi simnz,

Reason for exit was being taken out by the market due to tightening of the SL (BE + a few pips).

When PA flattens out alot or takes a greater time to cover the same price levels (ie pip count) then I give price room to breathe (to move) but I usually (not always) lock in some profit even if its BE + a few small pips.

Awareness of news is a given especially on related or impact likely currency pairs against the AUD.

Sometimes you have to tighten up the stops to reduce risk .... traders choice.

ps. NZD news certainly need to be aware!

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1063 ---
Projected Potential Setups [PPS]

Here is a setup on the EJ pair.

EURJPY [M5; post PPS]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The idea is to look for possible setups leading into the future.

I call them projected potential setups.

I was meant to post this earlier but other business took hold at the time.

Nevertheless, it is a great example of an ABCD setup with an expected bounce off the DO line.

Note 1: The C and D points are orange to indicate uncertain final positioning

Note 2: The blue trendline leg for CD is set for easy movement around the chart until it can be anchored at its final resting place.

Note 3: If price drops deeper for the start of the C leg then you simply adjust the blue trendline leg down and follow the price action (PA)

Would have been a nice trade!

But there will always be plenty more so lets start searching ........

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1064 ---
London Open not far away.....

Has any trader found a Projected Potential Setup [PPS]?

ps. prefer a PPS from the 13 pairs if possible.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1065 ---
EURJPY

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Fib expansion tool applied looking for possible zones of price exhaustion but in confluence with other factors to give our setup more credibility!

Masterrmind..........

--- 帖子 #1066 ---
Any trader found a PPS yet??

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1067 ---
AUDNZD [M5; PPS]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

1. Price has pulled back to the 38.2 Fib

2. Price is currently under the DO line

3. However, price is above the Daily pivot point so some degree of care needs to be taken

4. if price drops down onto the DP again what do you expect? What happened only recently at this same level?

Note the floating CD leg (black trendline on right hand side it is not anchored yet because PA might still move around)

Follow the PA!

Assess external factors such as news!

Form an opinion based on time from event and likely impact!

The answer is not supposed to be easy so don't go searching for one.

Collect the information that you do know and form an expectation and then act on it.

If the pair looks too 'risky' ... keep it simple by moving onto another pair!

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1068 ---
Hi all , i'm still lookg to EUR/JPY pair.

On the 15min chart there is a possible short position to take. But i expect the price to move higher ( following the longer term retracement)

For this reason i will just watch PA, let's see what happen.

Wont enter the trade, dont' have time to monitor it.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The ABCD / ab = cd patterns are my favorite to trade. I feel more confident and for now they resulted more profitable for me.

I read your posts time ago on the MR.pip thread, you had/have nice results with these kind of patterns, learning a lot , thank you.

I still need to learn to take into consideration all the stuff you do

What are your plans about QAM? Are you waiting for the long term cycle to complete?

Shuael

--- 帖子 #1069 ---
These other trading techniques are all part of the QAM Strategy.

Their purpose is to provide additional techniques that a trader can apply as required or at their leisure to gain more profit or to use for recovery.

The longer term trades on QAM are to gain some profit to bring the account back to where it should be or at least in profit.

With Brexit just around the corner I took the liberty of taking profit from all the EA trades and deleted all the pending orders until further notice to reduce the risk on the trading account. The AJ longs are still in action though but will be monitored closely although they will be left to run overnight until in profit or until other trades are taken to compensate for any loss.

As you might have gathered the Quantum style of trading is NOT my main trading strategy.

I apply the fundamentals and sentiment to technically analyzed entries using PA, ABCD patterns, Harmonics and several other techniques.

It is highly unlikely that I would start a thread that shows how my main trading strategies are applied.

The reason for the QAM thread was due to multiple PMs and a request from the original Quantum London Trading thread starter Scott (Mer).

They wanted an insight into trading the Quantum Method in the Asian session and hence the QAM thread but I trade Quantum (yes even now) with an account very much larger than 10K which is what I did back in the Quantum London Trading thread days and now I've had this idea of attempting to grow a 1K account and its proving rather difficult and very challenging. The idea was to help those with smaller starting balances so anyway I'm in the thick of it now and will see where it leads.

Otherwise I would not have started one as it is very time consuming even with the obvious lack of participation (no-one wants to learn the ropes they only appear to be interested in making riches fast and thats a huge mistake).

I hope you spend alot of time going through Mr Pips (Damian) material (concentrate on his videos and his posts because many other posts in the thread are tainted with inaccuracies or time consuming gossip) because he has a good grasp of technical trading using PA, harmonics and order flow and he is the real deal as far as trading goes.

Personally, in my main trading I tend to go alot deeper especially for longer term trade setups which is when the economics and fundamentals start to play a bigger role in my opinion and I strive to get as much probability on my side as possible of winning a trade!

The basic concept of the ABCD pattern and the 1 to 1 legs is very easy to understand diagrammatically.

However, the correct application of the pattern is something that takes quite a lot of detailed work and experience to get right.

If you can truly master this pattern and are very aware of chart structure and all the obstacles on the chart (pivots, S+R etc etc) and a good graps of the fundamentals (for longer term setups) then you will probably do very well in your trading and NOT really need anything else except very good MM and risk control.

You will not be wasting your time learning PA and the ABCD pattern (later you can extend yourself into Harmonics and complex patterns but you may not really need it)

ps. EJ is still happy to drop through the floor at the moment so shorting it looks ideal!

Good trading,

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #1070 ---
EURAUD [M5; PPS]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Waiting for price to drop a little (if it does) and then to consider an aggressive C-Buy.

If you were super aggressive you might apply a Buy Limit order close to your preferred level.

If price drops down (its currently resting on midR level) I tend to like the look of the 50 to 61.8 levels (Pivot Point and DO line)

Observation time!

ps. I'll post a few more leading up to London Open.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1071 ---
AUDUSD [M5; PPS]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Plenty of options here!

Note 1: the floating CD legs (orange color to signify that they are not yet anchored)

Note 2: the SLs are a traders choice so you can place them up high and then aggressively shorten them or you can use 5-10 pips above the C leg.

Note 3: alot depends on the pair and the session regarding appropriate SL location (I tend to use wider SLs unless I'm trading very high lots)

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1072 ---
I watched and read all fo the Mr. Pip's Material, very usefull indeed.

Practicing it every day.

In conjunction with pair analysis , session, pivots, DO i should get i clear idea how the price is more likely to move.

Do you use Limit orders? because i prefer to monitor the PA to get the general idea of the momentum.

A limit order resul too aggressive for me.

Shuael.

P.s You were right about EUR/JPY

--- 帖子 #1073 ---
Yes plenty of great material for sure and well worth going over several times.

It is from a technical point of view though and has no economic and fundamental information.

Depending on how you absorb the material and how quickly I would suggest that in the future you also learn about the key drivers of the currency markets and especially what drives one pair compared to another.

I use every type of order you can imagine as each has its purpose whether its Buy Stop, Sell Stop, Buy Limit, Sell Limit, OCO or any multitude of other orders and strategies.

Its a great idea to be familiar with them and know how too and when too apply them.

Be careful with momentum though because the longer the TP the less likely the momentum is to keep going ... eventually it dries up and as a trader you never really know when this will happen. So you follow it and watch the order flow and the PA and slip and keep the SL on a continually short leash!

I suggest you follow or subscribe to a live news feed one day as the information can be quite rewarding and useful if you think before you apply it.

The JPY strength would have been quite straight forward so shorting the EJ pair and several other JPY pairs would have been ideal.

Most times I tend to monitor the PA across the chart and then strike with an at market entry after some form of bearish intent to the downside or bullish intent to the upside as the case may be.

A limit order has the disadvantage of eliminating all the powerful observation carried out by the trader before entering the market!

You need to be very confident when applying them but there are plenty of examples when they work well.

I'll keep a watch out for some limit order examples and post a few here in advance of the TP so its fresh and live (not hindsight glory trades)

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #1074 ---
well........

i did warn you about trading this week.

#SipsTea!

--- 帖子 #1075 ---
I'm always aware of incoming news but i try to avoid them at any cost, even if i can understand what the information is about i can't use it to my advantage.

With long term trades you certainly have to take in consideration the fundomental analysis.

I use several sources to get the information from, but it's just for my personal knowledge, never tried to use it in trading

Some possible set ups i've found:

AudJpy ( similar to other Jpy pairs also)

Changed my expectations
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Gbpusd
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

On days like this with a lot of news i usually don't trade.

Thank you

--- 帖子 #1076 ---
how come in the quantum thread you had nothing but winning trades,  yet now that your explorer is up its such a different sight?

Idk but You seem to be struggling a lil bit here bro, anyway i hope things are going better in your >>$10K account(real-demo?)

--- 帖子 #1077 ---
Nice set of charts!

Shorting the JPY pairs recently you could not have done any wrong.

An awareness of the news and the economic data is highly useful but in the end its up to the trader to form a bias or to simply rely on shorter term trades (avoid very high impact news events) and apply technical analysis.

For scalping type trades the overall fundamental picture will have limited to almost no effect ... especially if the TP is 5pips.

Longer term setups where trades last several weeks and into the months ... well this is a different situation altogether and in my own longer term trade setups I rely heavily on both the news and economic data feeds to initially form a bias on a pair and then I still have to make adjustments as necessary on changes to the initial pair direction bias so its continual and ongoing process.

Some traders fit into either technical or fundamental.

I fit into both because I trade both short term and also medium to longer term setups.

Trader choice in the end as to what suits them the best at the time.

ps. appreciate the charts you have posted so feel free to post whatever other charts you are keen on analyzing and I'll throw in my comments.

Good trading,

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1078 ---
lol ok i got you bro, its a lil late here. I ll be back tomorrow.

--- 帖子 #1079 ---
Thank you for the time you're spending here.

So,

I missed the possible short entry on AUD/JPY.

Let's see if the price will move higher from the 38.2%, if it does maybe a possible short reentry may be a good chose.

I think i will not trade it, ( have to return to work soon). But it will be interesting too see if my expectationwill play out..
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1080 ---
Hi Shuael,

Thats the right attitude!

Form an expectation for at least 1 to 2 trades without opening them live in the market.

Then check to see if your expectations came to pass a little later on.

If the trades failed to meet your expectations start searching for reasons why this occurred.

After watching PA flow across the charts and drawing simple trend lines and forming ABCD patterns you will see how it all relates.

When an expectation is met it is a wonderful feeling especially when it occurs on several occasions .... and it will!

ps. have a great weekend and see you next week.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1081 ---
Right now i can only for expectations without trading, good exercise

Audjpy respected the lines i draw nicely, great feeling indeed .

Have a nice weekend

--- 帖子 #1082 ---
The QAM-1K live account has been temporarily put on the side lines and most likely will remain in idle mode.

A suitable Cent Account will replace it around July 1 which will be sourced from a list of suitable brokers posted in my other trading journal thread.

The Cent Account has the following attributes:

1. ability to open smaller positions relative to the same sized account balance

2. US$1000 simply converts to 100 000 US cents

Here is how:

A 'standard' 1 lot size on EURUSD represents about US$10 (1000 cents) per pip.

A 'cent' 1 lot size on EURUSD represents about US$0.10 (10 cents) per pip.

A 'cent' 0.1 lot size on EURUSD represents about US$0.01 (1 cent) per pip.

The 0.1 'cent' lots can be traded which are 10 times smaller than a standard 0.01 lot (US$0.10 or 10 cent).

This means that a 1K account can be traded as a cent account giving a similar ratio as if trading a 10K account with 0.01 lots!

(MT4 platform sets a minimum lot size of 0.01 'standard' lots per trade.)

The plan will be to return to a standard type account (namely the original QAM-1K live) once this Cent Account grows much larger.

Trading conditions tend to be far more favorable on larger type ECN accounts compared to the typical Cent accounts.

ps. the balance showing in the QAM-1K live account will be transferred into the Cent Account to avoid as much as possible any inconsistencies.

pps. it is hoped that the equity curve might prove to be far smoother applying smaller lot sizing however a DD intensive method might not allow this to occur.

Time will tell how effective this approach turns out to be!

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1083 ---
I have also linked a Demo Cent account namely;

QAM-DEMO-USC test (FXTM brokers)

which will be used throughout the following week just to get an idea on how cycles are traded both manually and by the Expert Advisor.

Although this thread is all about starting with a 1K balance and growing it it might be possible for others to start with even slightly smaller accounts such as US$500 to US$750 (or other currency equivalent).

So as always feel free to follow along with your vert own TE if you wish.

Otherwise, sit back and relax and see what happens to my 1K QAM account (in Cent mode)

ps. the progress might be very very slow initially considering that a 0.1 cent lot has a pip value I believe of about 1 US cent so a move of 10 pips yields only 10 cents at a time .......

pps. hmmm .........  this might be painful but I guess it has to be done and cycles will be taken mostly not single trades!

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1084 ---
If any trader knows of other brokers that offer a DEMO CENT account please comment here as I have found very few that do.

RoboForex apparently does not offer Demo Cent accounts only live accounts (correct me if I'm wrong).

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1085 ---
I'm also working on a possible strategy that could be applied to slowly but surely ramp up the lot sizes since the lot sizes can start at very small levels.

This might mean taking initial Quantum signals at very small 'cent' lot sizes and then at key S or R or Pivots or mid s or mid r levels start increasing ever so slightly the lot sizes per entry.

Little by little this will be rolled out.

The Demo Cent account will be used initially as a test base to see how this might work.

ps. I am intent on growing this 1K account with whatever means possible including the use of several other strategies.

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #1086 ---
DEMO cent account in action today.

Cycles set for AU, EU and UJ just to get a feel for a few different pairs.

Stops have been intentionally left out wide at about 100 pips per pair due to the nature of the market today.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

AU [M5; 40 - 0.1 cent lots]

EU [M5; 40 - 0.1 cent lots]

UJ [M5; 40 - 0.01 cent lots]

Note 1: many of the spreads are still quite high however, on the main pairs spread is ok presently.

Note 2: profit amounts are listed in US cents (not in US$)

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1087 ---
A few general guidelines might need to be applied for a cent type account.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Over the next few days several ideas will be examined in readiness for the live cent account.

Monday:

1. Started trading cycles on 3 pairs namely; AUDUSD, EURUSD and USDJPY on the M5 TF using a Q value of 40.

2. Pairs were chosen purely on spread and the fact they are majors nothing else.

3. If trades are open on any currently traded pair at FF Open then allow 1 more cycle to complete per active pair and then stop for the day!

4. AU had no trades running at FF Open and therefore the Expert is removed and no more trades will be taken on this pair today.

5. EU + UJ did have some trades open and therefore the Expert settings were updated by setting "Stop after each cycle" equal to TRUE.

From what I have seen today this Cent account gives a similar type feeling to trading 0.01 lots at >>10K account so it looks promising.

However, it is very early days and everything always looks rosy when its all working well.

Lets see how it feels when it gets into some higher DD!

Maximum floating DD limit:

I intend to reduce the limit set for the maximum floating DD which used to be 10% to maybe 2% to 5%.

This will produce a less severe pullback in the equity curve should a full loss be taken.

Ofcourse. if 2, 3 or more full losing days (eg 5% loss per day) are encountered in a row then the curve will suffer quite a drop (larger pullback).

So far so good and I like the greatly increased ratio between applied lot sizes and account balance.

At this stage I do not think it is necessary to go any lower than 0.1 CENT lots per trade however on the current account it is possible to use 0.01 Cent lots which is a nice option to have.

Stops and TPs:

At this stage I'm simply applying about 100 pip SL and a 100 pip TP per trade.

Obviously, in a live account and once the market settles down I'll go back to the 20 day ATW session averages as before.

The SLs should always be applied because if the internet disconnects then your cycles will be left without an active SL which could be harmful.

Always apply a stop .... keep it simple.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1088 ---
Very nicely behaved set of cycles on AU, EU and UJ

Some trades were closed manually whilst others were closed by the Expert Advisor.

AUDUSD [M5; 40/manual - MN 103]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

EURUSD [M5; 40/manual - MN 109]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

USDJPY [M5; 40/manual - MN 113]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Note 1: nice easy day for +0.54% gain on the demo account.

Note 2: you need to apply some common sense too for example on the EU cycle price had just broken down below the 1 st entry price but remember that the Expert will not close out the trades until an opposite Q box is generated AND that candle closes which means price has 5 minutes in this case to bounce back up higher or drop lower. What I did was manually close out trades showing the smallest net profit to protect them from turning negative and then I watched PA and made sure that if price decided to pull up against these final trades I could close them out manually.

Note 3: be aware of the level at which Q exit can be expected based on the trending label indicator on your chart...this might save you some money.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1089 ---
I'm starting to think that this Cent Account idea is going to be a winner so I'm keen to see it all unfold in time!

Current Demo Cent account (shown in the middle column of the screenshot) is with FXTM which has the following characteristics that suit my purposes although there are a few things that I don't like and one of them is the spread but I'll just have to work with that.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

There is also no upper limit on the account balance which many other Cent brokers tend to have so this is a welcome plus because I'd like to be able to trade small lot sizes over multiple entries until the account (if it does) makes it to at least 3K to 5K to possibly 10K.

Although the greater the account size the more likely I would be to transfer it to an ECN account or similar with much tighter spreads and potentially faster transaction times.

If any trader has used this type of account and wishes to provide an unbiased account of trading conditions then you are most welcome to post away.

If any trader has other Cent Broker suggestions please post them here asap since by this Friday the new Cent account will likely be active.

Masterrmind..........

--- 帖子 #1090 ---
Good thing that now you are able to reduce you DD by half and more.

Also you are forced to trade only Majors because of the spread, right?

Do you think it will impact the cycles  significantly?

Less cycles maybe.

FXTM forex seems to be a trusworth broker.

I think this week i will not trade, i'm only backtesting /styduying charts ( with not very good results )

Made only 4 trades this month.

Have a nice day, and trading week everybody

P.s people who didn't read the thread will think that you linked a 100k account xD

--- 帖子 #1091 ---
The idea is to limit the DD but still gain a reasonable daily% gain .... which can be quite a challenge at times.

No I'm not limited to just majors its just that in the Asian session this morning the spreads were far too high on some of the other pairs so I decided to go with the lower spreads on the majors.

Once the market settles down a bit more the spreads will tend to reduce but you still have keep an eye on them.

Yes if you took this week off you would not be doing anything wrong .... next week should be a little more rational.

The account size will often fool many people that is why I have gone to great lengths to ensure this is not the case but I'm sure a few will think that and that's ok because we know the truth!

I'm looking forward to Friday actually to get this QAM account sorted and kicking in the right direction which I think this Cent account can achieve.

At least I have the rest of this week to run through some cycles of trades on the demo account.

Perhaps tomorrow or later in the week I might explode with several pairs (most of the 13 pairs) and see how much it can handle noting the floating DD overall.

I just haven't decided what lot sizes to apply eg 0.1 cent lots or 0.01 cent lots!

I'm also going to run some cycles in a progressive lot sizing sequence starting with 0.01 cent lots and working up to 1 cent to maybe 10 cent lots.

Enjoy the study mode its one of the most important!

ps. Yes it will be FXTM if other better suggestions are not made within the next 2-3 days!

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #1092 ---
Tuesday - demo cent account test

4 pairs traded today from just after Tokyo Open (no trades triggered yet)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

AU [M5; 40]

EJ [M5; 40]

EU [M5; 40]

UJ [M5; 40]

All 4 pairs will be traded via Expert Advisor with manual intervention if and as required.

Stops and TPs all set to 100 pips over all pairs but may be modified throughout the course of the day although the Expert will be used mostly to control the opening and closing out of trades (with perhaps some manual intervention).

Similar approach to yesterday with cycles left to run post FF Open only if current trades are running otherwise pair is terminated for the day.

ps. chosen on spread mostly but EJ added to the mix to even out the pairings (AU + EU ; EJ + UJ ; each pair with a unique magic number)

pps. AJ pair rejected due to current unfavorable spread otherwise it would have been used in the group of pairs and not UJ.

Masterrmind.........

--- 帖子 #1093 ---
Maintenance performed and Expert Advisor settings updated accordingly.

1. Observe location of current price and the trending line Quantum value and also the price level of the 1st entry of that cycle.

2. If the Q close price will close out multiple trades in loss then it must be modified.

3. Modify it by first testing different HH and LL values in the trending indicator

4. Check to make sure that there is plenty of distance between current price level and the "new" about to be assigned Q exit value.

5. Make sure that when you're ready that you remember to update the new Q entry and Q exit values in the Expert Advisor.

6. If you fail to update the values in the EA then expect possible losses in some if not all of the trades in the currently running cycle.

7. Steps 1-6 above usually need to be done only once per trading day but it depends heavily on the price action on a given chart

8. Be sure to familiarize yourself with this task (if unsure and you want to know more ... best you ask me)

9. Each pair being traded on a given day needs to be examined on a case by case basis which means the Q values between different pairs MAY NOT be the same since they are chosen based on price action on their respective charts.

Note: Maintenance applied and Q values updated in Expert to Q = 100 - 100 (entry and close)

ps. When I check the current Q value trending lines I always attempt to select a value that creates a positive cycle and also that will generate more entries should price continue to trend away from the closing point ..... something you need to be very aware of otherwise if you choose a Q entry value in the Expert that is too high the EA may not open trades until much later (this may or may not be to your advantage).

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1094 ---
UJ cycle closed out manually.

AU, EJ and EU continue to be traded until the completion of the current cycle.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1095 ---
Hi Mastermind,

I have been wanted to test a theory with regards to your system, but it requires two type of Traders.

- One Trader who is very aggressive with the Q Values (meaning, that trader will take any trades whenever the Q Value is printed)

-And the other Trader who is a bit conservative (meaning, that trader will create a parameter within the first hour of each session,

then make a decision based on a Market Bias)

The First Hour of each Session is called " A Decision Time". This is where you pick a Direction, and know the amount of positions needed.

From that point on, that conservative trader will create a proper expectation for Stop-Loss and Take Profit Areas.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Make a Decision after London Open ( A Conservative Trader )
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

P.S I haven't done any intensive Backtesting yet, but for the past 2 weeks of observation...I think this theory has potentials.

--- 帖子 #1096 ---
In some cases, the conservative trader might miss out on a lot of good Entries.

And, because of that, I integrated Arrow signals as extra Confirmations for any types of Trend

Reversals.

A Clear Example below:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1097 ---
Lastly, if there's no Red or blue Boxes inside the First Hour, it's best not to trade that pair during

that session and wait for the next one.....

This is the only way to reduce your exposure in the Market or reduce your DD

AUD/USD, M1TF was the perfect example:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1098 ---
Yes there are many many many different ways to play the Q values.

The Asian session presents many opportunities for pullbacks against the main trend often back to the DO line.

The problem is when the trend continues and does not return and creates an escalating DD.

Quite often the only solution is to either wait it for an eventual deep enough retracement or close out some or all of the trades once a pre-determined limit is hit for example 5% or 10% of account balance (or equity) as the case may be.

An aggressive trader might be similar to how I'm trading the 4 cycles on todays trades.

Currently the demo cent account is in about 1600 pips of DD however the floating DD is only sitting at about 1.55%.

So the ability of being able to use a cent account as I will starting hopefully this Friday (or Monday) gives the trader far more scope to be ultra aggressive.

Further to this is the ability to implement progressive increases in the lot sizes as X_trades are generated (going back to Mers thread where he started off at 0.01 and after 12 trades increased the lot size etc etc based on a certain number of levels reached).

What I'm liking about this Cent account is that even with a 1K balance it can literally be traded as if it were the same ratio as 0.01 lots per US$100 000 account balance.

This is because on the cent account I can trade 0.01 cent lots which are 100 times smaller than a standard set of lots.

This also provides many many opportunities that will be explored over time which could never have been possible with trading a 1K account on standard 0.01 lots.

The next thing to think about is actually how far would a trader want to allow a trade to run before they close it out.

I may have to rethink my approach to the global SLs because now when I trade 0.1 cent lots this only represents about US$1 for every 100 pips.

So I'm going to start thinking about the ATW trading ranges and also into the London session somewhat and analyze the data and come up with say a SL that is just outside (marginally) 3 by SD (standard deviations of the mean).

I'd probably have to reject all of the ranges created by the Brexit impact as this is a decent outlier if ever I saw one!

Many things to consider and many ways to trade it but I see this Cent account as potentially greater than 50% of the solution the rest will be up to the trader as always.

Thanks for your comments they have been noted.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1099 ---
Yes I've seen this happen many a time too.

But the next time you take the later cycle it works out perfectly with huge swings up and down within an hour or two and plenty of profit.

You simply cannot pick the times that a cycle will be a very quick closing net positive winner to one which will not.

In hindsight of course you can fit a 'perfect' Q value but trading live I've found that you simply have to pick a best fit and run with that and use alot of trader judgement to either keep in a cycle or to start looking for the exit.

The cent account gives with much much more time and plenty of additional choices because I can wind the lot sizing down very low ans literally trade the account as if it were 100K trading 0.01 lots.

Nevertheless, the downside to all of this would be the trading style becomes one of overpowering quantity rather than quality because you need an awfully large number of pips to start generating a decent profit on the Cent account.

0.1 cent lots = about 1 cent per pip

0.01 cent lots = about 1/10 of a cent per pip

Due to this reason alone it would not be economical for me to simply miss cycles however I can always attempt to be discretionary in the cycles I take but at the end of the day with the Cent account I need to make pips and I need to make thousands of them.

Thanks for your comments its great to get another perspective.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1100 ---
There are so many choices its a challenge to find the right approach.

1. Do I trade only 1 pair but very very aggressively?

2. If so would I choose a high volatility pair?

3. Do I trade only 1 pair but very very modestly?

4. If I trade it very modestly on a cent account how long is it going to take to double the account?

5. Perhaps a long time but surely slow and steady wins the race .... doesn't it?

6. Do I trade multiple pairs?

I could go on and on with an infinite (almost) number of questions.

Ultimately its the traders choice to be very conservative or to be highly aggressive or somewhere in between.

For me personally being under the spot light so to speak with a live account linked to a TE + myfxbook you might think that it would make better sense for me to wind the lot sizes right down and trade only 1 pair per day during the Asian session and simply close out the trades at the end of the ATW session (FF Open) and call it a day.

Yes I could play it that way but the daily gain would be very very small and quite painful for not only me but also other traders to watch.

So what I would prefer to do is to find some middle ground ... not too tame and not massively aggressive.

Lets call it moderately aggressive cycle trading.

I like the concept of attaining a certain daily% gain provided its not creating too many issues since I need to see the target eventually being hit.

The Cent Account though brings a whole new domain so it does need some thinking.

Unfortunately once the end of the week comes I'll be into the trading live but probably just start off quite tamely if it happens to be a Friday.

Then attempt to analyze the account and make any changes on the fly.

Should be quite a journey.

Perhaps if I take the moderate aggressive style another trader could take the conservative approach.

Just because you trade conservatively does not mean you need to trade small 0.01 or 0.1 cent lots you might like to step it up a little.

ps. I will not be holding my breathe for a wiling trader to participate since I have seen no-one link an account to a TE and trade the QAM to this day.

pps. I do hope things will change so if any trader(s) are keen please post away.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1101 ---
AU and EJ cycles left at Q = 150 - 150

EU - updated Q value to Q = 250 - 250 (forcing a potentially positive cycle)

Attached Image

Masterrmind ...........

--- 帖子 #1102 ---
Having a target of x_% daily gain where x >= 0.3 (preferably 0.5 or more) is where I'd like to be with the QAM method.

But not at the expense of developing a very large DD that allows all the hard work to evaporate within a short space of time.

This needs to be avoided which suggests to me that a drop in the maximum floating DD might be needed.

That value is yet to be decided.

I'll make a decision by about Thursday night and post it here.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1103 ---
3 pairs left to run overnight.

Expert pulled from the chart.

TPs clustered at similar levels per given pair.

Stops staggered with known risk.

Floating DD is about 1% at the moment over the entire trading account.

ps. although longer running trades are not preferred a VPS might be sourced to allow the Expert to run through over night occasionally.

pps. with the Expert pulled from the charts no additional trades can be made which can be good or bad.

Time for rest!

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1104 ---
Of course, there are many ways to trade the Q Values, but as Traders, we have to establish proper

expectations on how we approach the market the right way....

The intention is we have to create parameters and know exactly when we are trading a temporary pullbacks

on Q values, and be aware of when we are trading with the Trend on Q Values.

With that in mind, we will have more interested to add to our positions or hold back at any given situation....

I admire your intention to take as many trades as possible, and I am hoping that the Cent Account will do the

tricks for you in the Long run.....

Thanks for the reply and all the insights.

Jay

--- 帖子 #1105 ---
Expectations are very important I apply these all the time in my main trading strategies.

The trouble with knowing when we are trading with the trend in the Asian session is that you never know when price will reverse trend and head back in the opposite direction.

Quite often trend reverses in the Asian session and this is a good play to employ ..... most of the time.

However, the trend that goes on and on and on is the one that will catch you out.

Inevitably the trader has to either start closing out some trades or all the trades or hedge the positions or suffer a higher DD at the risk of losing a large piece of the account.

Drawing a line in the sand and saying that I'll close x_trades at a certain price level or number of pips or at an assigned floating DD% can all be used to limit the losses.

Once a trader decides on a course of action they must stick to the plan on every occasion.

How many times have we all seen price reverse aggressively in our favor BUT only once we have closed out of our positions.

Temptation is what can get a trader into trouble and having hope that price will reverse eventually.

The 'eventually' part might not come in time to save the account and it only takes 1 big nasty event to create a hole in the trading account that mostly cannot be recovered from.

Perhaps keeping it simple by assigning a time limit such as all trades must be closed by the end of the assigned trading window and keeping to the plan no matter what is key here.

Ultimately the trader needs to make the decision (right or wrong)

The good news is that over time this decision making process can be updated or modified when 'better' information becomes available.

My approach might tend towards a slightly conservative start initially to get the equity curve headed in the right direction and then slowly but surely wind up the trades.

Expectation will become a very useful tool here!

I plan to analyze the chart data to gain an appreciation of the average number of pips per trading window over a given pair including day of week.

This will lead into the time frames (M1, M5, M15 etc) to be used and of course the Quantum values since these are 2 very important parameters in determining the expected number of pips.

Generally speaking the lower the TF and the greater the trend prior to a full retracement in price the higher the number of pips.

If you take the M1 chart for example, theoretically a trade will be produced on every Quantum signal (sell on red or buy on blue as the case may be).

This suggests about 60 trades can in theory be opened if price continues to trend higher than the high of the previous candle.

Important to note that the actual price does not have to be higher (in the case of red Q box signals and opposite case for blue Q box signals) than all previous Q levels it only has to exceed the high of the previous M1 candle.

Putting the Q box generation technicalities to one side M1 theoretically produces the highest possible number of entries which is 60 over a 1 hour period.

Makes you wonder if a lower TF should be sourced for this approach.

Reason being is that what I would want in a perfect world is the highest possible number of entries generated over the tightest trading range that does not exceed my assigned DD limit and price reverses back past the 1st entry trade.

We don't live in a perfect world and trading is certainly not a perfect arena so we need to make realistic expectations and deal with any anomalies which tend to be the outlier trends or the dreaded black swans.

I'm sure that as time goes on trading this QAM Strategy that many things will be discovered some good and some perhaps not so good.

One thing is for sure ..... I'm not done with this journey in the slightest.

Good trading,

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1106 ---
Update on the 3 pairs (AU, EJ and EU) still running from yesterday ...........

Attached Image

Masterrmind..........

--- 帖子 #1107 ---
A quick Test on My Theory Today:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1108 ---
Trailing stop has been activated once PA reaches a 1:1

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

And, I got stopped out on Trailing stop for a quick +29pips.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1109 ---
Hi Mastermind,

I have learned so much from this reply, and it showed me that you are so dedicated to make this QAM Strategy works.

And, I do believe over time your hard work will pay off Big Time...

I have to say though, the London session tends to be very volatile, and it's only fair on your part to stick ONLY with entries in

the Asian Session.

Perhaps, you can use another technique to boost your account on other sessions, but you don't need to have too many

conditions or parameters for each session while the intention of this thread/System was solely designed to trade the Asian

Session.

Now, since the concept of your system is second to none, I just wanted to integrate it in my approach, because I am more of

a position/Swing Trader, and the Q values will help me a lot to pre-determine my Add-on positions....

Having close to 60 positions open within an 1 hour period is not sustainable or good for the state of mind of a trader knowing

that your broker enforces the FIFO rule, and maybe it's best to trade the M5TF to reduce the amount of Q Value printed within

that period of time.

Anyway, I understand your points, and I think that if you stick with only 1 Session, and a few pairs to trade like you have been

doing lately, then the rules of engagement will be completely reduced and become more simpler......

Thanks for allowing me to offer some opinions, and I value your hospitality mate.

Kind Regards,

Jay

--- 帖子 #1110 ---
Yes the FIFO rules will unleash a whole different approach to how you might trade with Q.

I do not have to deal with a FIFO ruling which helps alot but to those who do the situation could and would be very very different.

The M5 TF will have fewer entries than M1 for a given Q and pair and a possible 20 trades per hour but unlikely to occur very often and come to think of it I do not think I have found an example.

Always welcome Jay and thanks for your input it is appreciated.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1111 ---
The 3 pairs will be allowed to run overnight.

As a test since I want to see how high the DD gets.

At this time floating DD is about 3% or so.

Very tempting to place multiple pending Sell Stops below current price on all 3 pairs in an effort to collect pips should price reverse and head back down but I'll not interfere with the current cycles.

In a future set of cycles I will look to implement this idea.

Lets see how high DD can go on this testing demo account!

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1112 ---
Current situation as follows:

Attached Image

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1113 ---
Current situation just prior to Tokyo Open is as follows:

Attached Image

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1114 ---
A Sell Stop grid for each of the 3 pairs (AU, EJ and EU) will be considered later today.

Initial entry on either pair will be X_pips below the current price at the time based on the chart structure of each pair.

ps. if price simply continues to go up on each pair then no additional orders will be triggered until price drops and alternative techniques will be applied.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1115 ---
Once the live account is up and running which I want to start in the month of July (was hoping for this Friday but it might well be early next week due to processing times) then progressive lot sequencing will be looked into more deeply since this type of account affords a high ratio between lot size and account balance.

More to come later ............

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1116 ---
3 sets of 10 Sell Stop orders placed on each of the pairs.

Just as an exercise.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1117 ---
Added 20 Sell Stop orders + 1 short at market on the AU pair.....

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

ps. Placed with the 1st entry just below the DO line.

pps. 1 at market entry followed by X_Sell Stop orders per each script execution.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1118 ---
Multiple trades closed out on the EJ pair.

EURJPY [M5; 40 - MN 308]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

New long cycle just added.

Current floating DD is about 1.37% over all 3 pairs on the account.

ps. AU + EU cycles still running so no new cycles will be added at this stage .... not until current trades are eventually closed out.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1119 ---
EJ - update

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Adjusted the Q values to 70 in the EA settings to 'force' a positive cycle (TPs will all be above 1st entry level).

While the Expert remains on the chart TPs will be at the closing Q=70 level.

If the Expert is removed from the chart then notice the TP levels higher up the chart .... these can then be adjusted based on PA etc if needed.

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #1120 ---
EJ- update

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Closed out the cycle manually and removed EA from the chart.

ps. to the very observant out there you'll notice the very 1st trade was closed out in small profit ... reason being the MN applied was incorrect!
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

pps. so I waited until it went into a little profit and promptly closed it out.

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #1121 ---
New Cent Account started today with FX TM

QAM -1K (CENT) live simply updates the older QAM-1k live trading account and uses its final balance as the new starting balance.

Exact balance amount added to the new account in the amount of US$1026.36 ie 102 636 USC.

The original account QAM-1k live retained a small balance to keep the account active as it may be re-visited again in the future.

TE linked to trading account and made public.

myfxbook link will also be provided shortly for those who enjoy analytics.

Commentary on the cycles of trades may occur in either of my threads:

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=580721

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=585458

Enjoy the ride and lets see how far this account can go!

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #1122 ---
The link for myfxbook for the QAM-1K (CENT) live account is as follows:

https://www.myfxbook.com/members/MAS...t-live/1703976

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1123 ---
The AUDJPY and EURAUD cycles continue to run.

Current account details are as follows:

AJ

No trades closed.

100 short trades still running.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

EA

142 trades have been closed out in profit.

13 longs still running.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

If price manages to move up 50 to 60 pips on the EA pair then I'll look to close out the 13 trades currently running.

If price tests the 1.45 handle and looks to hold above it I'll think about loading up on longs again.

However, this would mean leaving trades over the weekend which is not always a great idea.

Nevertheless, it is highly likely that the AJ pair will be left over the weekend.

Current floating DD is just over 10%.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1124 ---
Hi mate,how ru?.

can I sugest u something for your strategy,i tested it from the one min tf to the hr1,(not much trades on the hr1 but huge profits)

if u want me to share here my thoughts and if its ok from your side I will do so

Cheers

Al.

--- 帖子 #1125 ---
Hi Almo,

Yes your comments are always welcome.

Post away.

+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

I've intentionally tried to keep to M5 TF at the start of this account because it generates enough Q boxes to make it worthwhile.

At this stage I'm also attempting to avoid very large lot sizes unless recovery mode kicks in.

The idea here though is to generate thousands of pips in cycles mainly because 1 pip @ 0.1 lot is about 1 cent.

I'll introduce progressive lot sequencing very soon (after some growth).

The idea of continually following just 1 pair (maybe 2) and entering and closing out trades as the PA flows from day to day is also being considered.

The M1 TF could also be used but far more entries would be generated ... this can be good or bad.

I used to trade H1 (and still do) from the QLT thread days where I made thousands of pips on the GU pair.

++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

I'd be interested to hear what you have to say mate so please feel free to do so anytime.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1126 ---
just tell me what is your favoured time frame that you base most of your trades?

--- 帖子 #1127 ---
anyway this is the idea for the one min and 5 min tf  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

500 h/l

--- 帖子 #1128 ---
How would you sequence lot sizes based on 100 000 account?

--- 帖子 #1129 ---
because its more accurate entries there will be no much DD so  for 10k we can put 0.1 lot (for the conservative traders)

I play with high leverage usually so I cant tell,my idea is to take very small acc that money I can risk and don't bet the farm and make from that high %.

--- 帖子 #1130 ---
look also at the GJ trade same as GN same concept on the one min 500 h/l

in one good entry you can make above 200 pips for the volty pairs Attached Image (click to enlarge)

GJ + GN about 400 pips in total for 4 trades

now gcad on process

Friday but I will keep it

Cheers

Al.

--- 帖子 #1131 ---
Yes better not too bet the farm it could easily disappear!

The trouble is in these type strategies to get the high % either means taking on a lot of DD or applying high lot entries with short stops and letting the good trades run.

ps. thanks for the input its appreciated.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1132 ---
I like the idea of using the large range pairs but have intentionally kept clear of the GBP pairs especially since this new account has just commenced and I didn't want to subject it to alot of strain initially.

Funny how the AJ + EA cycles are giving it a good test though.... haha

This new account also has some 'nasty' spreads on the high volatile pairs which need to be closely considered.

I traded in the QLT thread with >>>10K on an ECN account with very good spreads which meant I could trade the turtle pairs and load up with occasional high lot entries on EURCHF, EURGBP etc etc but on this cent account you have the extra worry of seriously considering the spread because its sometimes 2,3 or 4 times higher.

Many factors against making the small account work but that's what makes challenges so interesting.

Unfortunately if the DD gets too large on the current account I'll either apply high lot recovery trades or I can simply deposit several thousand dollars more to soak up the DD.

I will only add funds as a very last resort because what it will mean is that the attempt is unsuccessful.

Lets hope we don't have to go down that path.

ps. one other option I've been analyzing is the progressive lot sequence method so it is tempting to start another account with this method but I'll wait to see how the current attempt progresses first before starting anything new.

pps. it would be great if you were able to trade the method you just outlined but I'm guessing you are far too busy in your own thread.

Masterrmind..............

--- 帖子 #1133 ---
as for now I wait for nice setup on GCAD  for the 5min tf high probability + Q

lets c  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1134 ---
All the best on that trade Almo.

I'm now sitting on 200 trades.

AJ @ 100 shorts @ 0.1 lots.

EA @ 97 longs @ 0.1 lots (just waiting for 3 more Buy Stops to trigger).

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1135 ---
AJ

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

EA

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #1136 ---
I've got to get back in the saddle here. I'll need to do some reading to catch up. Not sure yet what I'm seeing, but I know I'll learn.

--- 帖子 #1137 ---
Well this approach is being executed on a cent account and with it comes many different features.

The plan behind this method is to generate huge numbers of pips on either 1 or 2 pairs.

DD is the evil to keep a close watch over.

Cycle of trades will tend to be very large and applied by an EA, manually or via scripts.

Lets see what this account is made of and its right in the middle of a big test now.

Trading strategy will be modified on the fly with this account mainly because I have never traded a cent account ever (this is the 1st).

Quite possibly 1 pair should have been applied but I took 2.

I have not and will not set a limit on the maximum floating DD as I did on the 1st account.

However, as time goes on the DD limit will be reduced.

The end result hopefully will form a QAM Trading method that has a reasonable chance of being repeated if in fact it is successful at least once.

Time will tell and I'm certainly discovering many interesting and not so interesting points about a cent account.

Lets see how it goes.

I'm here to give it a good go in any case!

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1138 ---
Ok so what do we have?

Stops are all in place on every trade .... check!

TPs on every trade ................................ check!

Total risk on trading account known .... check!

++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

A favorable gap up or down in price as the case may be would be nice come Monday but we'll have to wait and see what next week brings.

Have a great weekend and see you all next week.

I'm off to rest!

ps. all orders triggered now..... 2 massive Quantum Webs in the making comprised of 200 trades!

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1139 ---
Here's a thought: What if basic Q was applied to London Close based on only opening those trades within the 76% to 100%, or 0% to 23% range, at London Close?

--- 帖子 #1140 ---
You could certainly try it!

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1141 ---
GJ + GN about 400 pips in total for 4 trades

now gcad on process

Friday but I will keep it

Cheers

Al.

--- 帖子 #1142 ---
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

Good show!

--- 帖子 #1143 ---
Moving in the right direction.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1144 ---
Moving in a right direction for sure

Hope everything is fine.

Are you still letting a 10% DD to form? to grow the account quicker?

Well now you will need a lot more trades to get to the 10%.

Have a nice weekend

--- 帖子 #1145 ---
Lets see if the equity curve continues to trend upwards.

Have to expect some form of a pullback though and a shallow one would be ideal but perhaps not the final reality.

Initially, I am not setting a maximum floating DD limit on this account.

Giving the account plenty of room to breathe.

AJ cycle (the bigger picture)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Later when the account grows I'll look to set a realistic DD but expect the limit to be reduced over time.

Trading 2 pairs AJ + EA with 200 trades @ 0.1 lots a piece the floating DD has reached about 15%.

The option to trade just 1 big cycle at a time is also available.

This account does have additional advantages for one thing the leverage is 1000:1 and I also have a far higher ratio of account balance to lot size.

The question is how much floating DD would I be prepared to allow before rolling out a series of recovery type trades?

I'm not setting a limit at this stage!

ps. I'll outline the EURAUD cycle (bigger picture) in an upcoming post since it differs from the AJ cycle !

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1146 ---
EURAUD CYCLE

Closed out long trades:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Currently running trades:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Plenty of opportunities to open smaller cycles and then close them out especially in a consolidated zone.

What we do not know is how long price will remain in this area.

But we do know that sooner or later it will break out and from my point of view upwards would be ideal!

ps. Fundamentals and news driven sentiment should be closely monitored with a clear sign of weakness in the AU currency ideal.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1147 ---
Limit on positions in the market

The FX-TM broker limits maximum running trades to 300.

So this is why I've set 100 trades per pair over 2 pairs so that I have an additional 100 trades that can be used if needed.

Depending on the progress of the 2 cycles of trades if for example the AJ pair was showing positive development then I might start applying additional entries to the EURAUD pair especially in the case where lower key support levels were being tested and looked to be holding.

It is situation dependent so I'll cross that bridge when I get to it.

The fact is that I have 300 trades in total to utilize so they need to be applied carefully.

Masterrmind............ :nerd:

--- 帖子 #1148 ---
Pair Selection

On future cycles of trades I will outline in advance which pairs I will be trading next and very briefly the reasons why!

The current list will be updated as follows:

Updated Pairs List

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

There are 25 pairs in the list and 2 spot metals (Gold and silver) which could be traded at one time or another.

Note: a choice of pair(s) will be made based on spread to range and other factors.

Pairs unlikely to be traded are as follows:

Those pairs with very high spreads matched to lower daily ranges.

Low range pairs such as EURCHF and EURUSD (if EURGBP ranges drop then it too may not be traded).

As mentioned previously the pairs I decide to trade will be outlined well in advance.

If no advance warning has been given then expect the same pair(s) to be traded.

ps. the end aim of all this is to eventually simplify the QAM Method as applied to a cent account so that it might prove to be traded over and over.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1149 ---
New cycles to be traded from today will be EURGBP and GBPJPY

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1150 ---
The EG pair has been retired for the time being.

AUDUSD pair will now be traded in tandem with GBPJPY pair.

ps. basic explanation outlined in my trading journal thread.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1151 ---
Rolling Summary

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Weeks trading = 4

Account growth = +24.8%

Compound rate = +0.9% (daily)

Max floating DD = 17.1%

ps. the EG pair will be traded temporarily over the following week to bring the EG statistics back into green.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1152 ---
EURAUD [D1; 40]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Potential longer term setup of cycles on this pair.

My plan will be to monitor PA levels and then apply multiple longer term entries (perhaps 10 longs or so)

These trades will be applied manually and allowed to unfold over the course of several weeks with the intention that they be allowed to play out in the background whilst other cycles are being traded on a much shorter time period.

An astute trader would also be looking at the fundamentals not just chart structure.

When I decide to take this cycle (if I do) I will post it to the thread in advance.

ps. I am always seeking out opportunistic cycles either short or longer term in an attempt to grow the account faster.

Masterrmind.......... :nerd:

--- 帖子 #1153 ---
EA [Daily]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Building a case for entry .... forming an expectation ... as simple as that!

Don't forget about the driving fundamentals/sentiment if considered important in the grand scheme of the cycle.

Masterrmind........... :nerd:

--- 帖子 #1154 ---
EURAUD [D1; 40]

10 long entries will now be initiated.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1155 ---
EURAUD [D1; 40/manual]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

10 longs now in action as longer term trades.

Plan is to allow them plenty of room and time to play out.

Note that additional entries are very likely to be made as trades progress up the chart (if they do) including entries made after significant pullbacks in price to the downside.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1156 ---
@maniac ........... IGNORED

You have now been placed on my ignore list for suspected commercial agenda rubbish!

You have also been reported to FF Admin so they can take appropriate action.

+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

You were still showing as viewing my thread and given the opportunity to delete your post.

But you stubbornly refused.

End result is as expected.

Do not post rubbish of this type again.

Thank you,

Masterrmind..............

--- 帖子 #1157 ---
Cycles are starting to enter an interesting state.....

Current Exposure as follows:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #1158 ---
End Result as expected!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1159 ---
Hi Mastermind,

I believe this is the thread i need to read to learn this system, I take it that your QAM trading journal is just the live trading side of QAM, am i correct or has QAMT superseded this thread.

Many thanks

--- 帖子 #1160 ---
Yes you are right!

This thread is the learning thread NOT really the journal its only supposed to document my progress.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1161 ---
Switched over to this thread.

--- 帖子 #1162 ---
@ Platanero

"Yes, and in my case also something that follows FIFO rules.

I will explore this option. I would not call myself a programmer but I know enough to be dangerous and can usually hack something into doing what I want it to."

Yes there are plenty of obstacles for many traders.

50:1 can be an issue but doesn't have to be.

The FIFO certainly can be a drama.

Hedging for others.

++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

A resident coder who has the time to burn would always be most welcome here!

Expert advancements.

Trade Order scripts.

Just to name a few.

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #1163 ---
Yes thanks very much ...

Keeping most of the learning material etc etc in the 1 place might be a good idea.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1164 ---
Since you'll be using a similar account setup to me I assume then you might not need to focus heavily on the first part of this thread.

It is fairly heavy reading with Excel tables and ADR, ATW session trading range calculations etc.

This information is still highly useful and relevant and it will be revisited again once the Cent account returns to a standard account.

The Cent account would need to hit at least 500 000 before a change would occur and possibly even 1 000 000 (10K).

With 10K in hand I'll return to a standard ECN account and trade it to hopefully completion (hmmm).

Having said all that what is important to know is that the cent account allows us the luxury of having a huge ratio between account balance and minimal lot size (which i have mentioned many times now).

So you are welcome to read through all the thread in your own time but then you'll need to focus on how I am trading the cent account.

Much larger cycles, multiple trades and plenty of freedom to endure huge DD if necessary.

Care still needs to be taken and DD monitored but I like what I see so far.

ps. Let me know when you are setup and ready to go and please ask all the questions you like ... happy to help out.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1165 ---
GJ

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Expert now removed.

Cycle turned into a longer term one.

Manual approach.

TPs changed to uniform price and located just under the daily resistance level.

SLs down deep.

Risk per cycle known and total risk over all trades known.

Will allow the cycle to run whilst I sleep.

Shall return for the start of Tokyo session.

Good trading,

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1166 ---
Have a good one. See you for the Tokyo open. And thanks again.-

--- 帖子 #1167 ---
Many thanks MM

I will try and catch up over the weekend and see if i can set for next week, I´ll read before i ask as I´m sure everything i need to know will have been asked already.

--- 帖子 #1168 ---
Tokyo Open

GJ - update

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Cycle continues to play out.

Note due to removal of the Expert a few trades were not generated but we can live with that!

Masterrmind..........

--- 帖子 #1169 ---
Sounds like a good idea.

Don't be afraid to ask questions.

Masterrmind..........

--- 帖子 #1170 ---
Lets trade GJ again today.

These trades will overlap the currently running trades something which I don't always do but its certainly possible.

Very important that if using the Expert that the magics are different.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1171 ---
Locked and loaded. Watching PA. Manual for me again. I will be refreshing to see when you drop the EA on the chart so I will know when to start.

--- 帖子 #1172 ---
GJ - additional cycle started....

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

1st short just got triggered.

Lets go!

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1173 ---
I was fortunate enough to tag the 1st Q box for a short using the Expert.

Just enough time.

So we are live in the market.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1174 ---
I missed that entry. Waiting it out for now.

--- 帖子 #1175 ---
GJ

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Q changed to 100 to avoid a possible losing trade on Q exit of 40 due to relatively small trading range so far.

Chose 100 because it allows for an exit level (currently) closer to the lows of the chart structure.

You do not need to pick 100 for the Q update value either just enter a series of different values in the Trending_Label indi to see where Q exit level falls on the chart and then update these values in both the indi and the Expert (most important in the Expert).

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1176 ---
Be very aware of chart structure.

Know that price can bounce off the DO line, pivot points and S+R zones.

So if price bounces try to form an expectation of where you think price might move too before possibly reversing.

Check the current GJ chart ....

What do you see?

Any cause for concern?

Masterrmind........... :nerd:

--- 帖子 #1177 ---
Yes it was a bit quick.

What you might like to do is wait for price action to unfold on the chart before committing to an entry.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1178 ---
Check pip distance between 1st entry and Q exit level.

Is it alot greater than the spread?

If so ... all good.

Check it regularly though as it will vary as trading continues (based on Q progression levels and PA).

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1179 ---
We are right on that pivot line.  It has tested this area before.

--- 帖子 #1180 ---
GJ

Trade #2 about to be generated.

Due to broker data feed sometimes a trader will get a signal while another trader does not.

Its all to do with look back candles and if current price breaks through to make a higher hgh or lower low as the case may be.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1181 ---
Good!

Chart Awareness.

Look to see how price reacts at such levels and decide if this will impact your cycle ... if not continue on.

Always revisit these levels though.

Masterrmind.........

--- 帖子 #1182 ---
Also notice how price has formed almost a shelf type structure above the DO line.

This could suggest that a short cycle from these levels if not ideal.

ps. however GJ comes with many surprises so lets see what happens!

pps. the additional risk to my trading account by applying these few extra trades is very minimal so I have no problem letting them play out!

Masterrmind.........

--- 帖子 #1183 ---
Still no entry. Watching it for now.. Volume adds a dimension to contrast PA against.

--- 帖子 #1184 ---
Lots of buying volume coming in with intent!

--- 帖子 #1185 ---
GJ

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Price is now testing the Daily PP - lets see if it holds or gets broken.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1186 ---
Yes but lets see if the bears come in at the PP.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1187 ---
That shelf you mentioned seems to be demanding respect.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1188 ---
Yes and price is currently trapped between the DO line and Daily Pivot Point.

For those traders with very low spread on this pair and if entries were made from reasonably high up then the option is there to close out the trades for some profit closer to the DO line.

Notice your GJ spread is 3.7 pips

While mine on GJ is 7.9 pips (big difference)

Note too that your broker generated 5 short signals whilst mine generated only 4.

In my case I have to sit and hold for the time being but I see no problem in doing that.

Masterrmind.........

--- 帖子 #1189 ---
I am still holding out and just watching PA. No entries yet.

--- 帖子 #1190 ---
Yes there is no urgency to rush into trades.

Although I did in this cycle but really I'm applying it as a learning exercise even though its live in the market.

But I'm also only using 1 cent per pip so its well in control.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1191 ---
Blue Q-40 triggered. Shorts of Q 40 would have closed at this point with a small profit. I sat this one out completely.

--- 帖子 #1192 ---
Low spread accounts could have closed out for some profit you are right.

I tend to keep both the bid and the ask lines visible on my chart so I know when a trade is in a winning position or not.

Ofcourse you can also keep the Trade Tab open and monitor the profit column.

This session has been a bit like watching grass grow but thats how it goes sometimes.

Note too the red news on GBP regarding Second Estimate GDP q/q due out in a bit over 6 hours time sometimes the market is waiting for more data to come out and act on and therefore volatility can sometimes dry up. other times the market is a buzz with activity.

As traders we need to try and be prepared for whatever the market throws our way.

ps. next week I'll trade a few different pairs at the same time to add a bit of variety to the mix but I'll look for what appear to be much higher probability setups based on chart structure!

pps. this might mean waiting for price to head up closer to key levels of resistance or down to areas of support and then look to open trades.

Masterrmind..........

--- 帖子 #1193 ---
Good deal. I am done for tonight.

Enjoy the rest of the trading cycle.

G'night all and enjoy the weekend.

--- 帖子 #1194 ---
Take care and rest well.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1195 ---
GJ

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Price remains between the DO line and the Daily Pivot Point.

So its simply a waiting game at this stage for the current 4 shorts in this particular cycle.

Masterrmind..........

--- 帖子 #1196 ---
GJ [Long + Short CROSS cycles]

FX-TM Volatility Alert (How nice is that!)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I certainly hope we see some volatility.....

Long and Short cycle CROSS in action

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Short Cycle only view
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Just before the news breaks I'll increase the Quantum value just enough to extend out the TP level on this short cycle.

Down closer to somewhere near the 132 handle ... yes that will do just fine.

Long cycle purely manual at this stage.

Short cycle controlled by Expert but with updates in Q input parameter ... now set at Q=150

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1197 ---
GJ - short cycle only update

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Q now modified to 600.

This forces potential TPs into the lower support zone shown in the screenshot.

Trades can also be closed out manually.

ps. this lower TP level is simply to provide additional room for extended TPs which is subject to a favorable market move to the downside.

pps. obviously if the plan is to have more shorts generated then a Q entry value much less than 600 will be required (see chart).

ppps. if the market chooses not to swing much then after X_minutes I will adjust all the settings again to suit the chart.

pppps. and if price decides to charge hard up the chart then my GJ long cycle will get closed out in profit and provided I'm quick enough to modify the Q entry value in the Expert I can also generate multiple short entries on the way up that may take advantage of a pullback in price after the dust settles ....

Lets see!

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1198 ---
Not a set and forget strategy ... is it?

The trader works just as hard if not harder than the assistant.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1199 ---
Although the trader prepares in advance for what might happen.

The market always has the final say.

We just try to take advantage of certain setups if possible and make sure our account is protected against severe loss.

ps. What I would like to see is a 60 to 80 pip move on GJ either UP or DOWN but will we get it!?

Masterrmind..........

--- 帖子 #1200 ---
Not enough very good or very bad data to move the market!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Masterrmind..........

--- 帖子 #1201 ---
Shortly I'll readjust the settings on the GJ short cycle.

Plan now is to close out the short cycle most likely if price drops to at least 132.500.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1202 ---
GJ - short cycle adjusted

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Q reverted back to 150 so that should price rise then additional shorts will be generated in the cycle and if price drops down far enough it will be closed out by the Expert.

Masterrmind..........

--- 帖子 #1203 ---
GJ - short cycle closed out manually

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

All winners for +78 pips!

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1204 ---
Looks like a good, active night.

I am looking forward to Monday's Asian session.

--- 帖子 #1205 ---
Yes see you Monday!

Masterrmind........

--- 帖子 #1206 ---
GJ - long cycle

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Closed out long cycle manually.

All 16 winners!

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1207 ---
Now with the GJ trades all closed out there is only 15 AUDUSD shorts and 13 EURGBP shorts left over the weekend.

The fewer the pairs left over the weekend the better!

Weekly update will be posted in the journal thread sometime tomorrow.

ps. although the level was hit on the AU pair being this late in the week I'm not going to add any more shorts.

Have a great weekend everyone,

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1208 ---
Your TE still shows one GJ trade open. Not sure if that's latency or what.

--- 帖子 #1209 ---
I also noticed that trade and checked my trading account but the trades on GJ have all been closed out.

The TE has done this a few times to me over the months ... a trade gets "stuck" in the system.

Last time it happened it was an EU trade ... just couldn't delete it out!

Had to email TE support and they got rid of it eventually.

It is annoying though.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1210 ---
Good deal. Enjoy the weekend. .-

--- 帖子 #1211 ---
If the AU pair dropped another 40-50 pips I'd close out that cycle too.

Not sure that will happen though!

Might be fast asleep by then...

ps. I could tighten up the TP levels to just under the lowest priced entry (75.479) though ... hmmm

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1212 ---
Tokyo Open

I will open up 1-2 cycles of trades today and trade them on the live account from what appear to be areas of higher probability that is from key levels of support or resistance or handles (eg 133.000 on GJ pair).

First we need to decide which pairs to trade.

Any ideas as to which one(s)?

ps. Hint: they must be from the list of pairs which covers more than 13 now so the choice is wide open however, consider the following:

1. typical pair trading range

2. spread

3. likely effect of economic news due out today or tomorrow.

4. other considerations

Masterrmind............ :nerd:

--- 帖子 #1213 ---
All 15 shorts close out in the Asian session in profit.

ps. only EG still running.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1214 ---
Here is the economic news for Monday and Tuesday as per FF News Calandar:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Anything worth worrying about?

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1215 ---
We have a GBP bank holiday.

We have a little bit of USD news out later in the NY session.

Not a lot right?

Perhaps but not necessarily you really need to be in tune with market developments (Bloomberg, Reuters, news feeds)!

However, I see no real opportunities for cycles of trades at the moment.

So it becomes a patience game, wait for price to move into zones of interest and then make an informed decision.

Observation time!

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1216 ---
No pair setups looking all that interesting to me at the moment so at this stage no cycles will be added.

If the situation changes I'll post here asap.

Otherwise its looking like another attempt from tomorrows Tokyo Open.

Have a great day!

ps. EJ pair is a possibility but my intention today was to trade 2 pairs at the same time so with that being said no cycles added.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1217 ---
Tokyo Open

FF news calendar

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Lets search for some suitable pairs...

Masterrmind............ :nerd:

--- 帖子 #1218 ---
At least one leg of many of the pairs is facing fundamental news in the next few hours. How should this be considered?

--- 帖子 #1219 ---
Ok I'm specifically focusing on the red news related pairs.

AUDJPY [M5; 40 - MN 201]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Long cycle just started.

Looking to add another pair very soon.

ps. if you trade this cycle be aware that some volatility in the cycle is expected so know your risk.

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #1220 ---
Roger that.

Watching this one from the sideline.

--- 帖子 #1221 ---
EURAUD [M5; 40 - MN 205]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Cycle loaded .... no entries yet.

ps. watch spread, watch the current trading range between HH and LL and always account for the risk.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1222 ---
When you have 1 cycle already loaded you might look to add a negatively correlated pair as I did.

AJ + EA are about 60% (this value does vary over time) negatively correlated on a H4 TF.

So if the EA pair has not yet triggered entries the option is always there to force a certain direction.

Force a certain direction you ask?

Yes!

You can simply disable the Expert and only have it trigger entries from the LL zone for long trades or only trigger entries from the HH zone for short trades.

During a riskier trading period as I am demonstrating today due to the impending red news coming out soon on the AUD currency I'm simply going to allow the market to decide but monitor the cycles very closely.

Be aware that if cycles remain net negative throughout much of the session then you may face a choice ... cut the losses or turn short term cycles into longer term cycles.

Trader choice!

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1223 ---
EURAUD [M5; 40 - MN 205]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

If your broker spread is very tight then you may not be so concerned about the issue outlined in the screenshot.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1224 ---
If you are trading with an Expert during news times as I am now you really should be watching the PA very very closely especially just before the news comes out.

Remember price can move quite a long distance during red news and the Expert closes out trades at the close of the candle (M5 in this case).

Manual over-ride for closing might be a better option in this situation but it depends on the individual chart being traded and how volatile price is etc.

Masterrmind......... :nerd:

--- 帖子 #1225 ---
Yes, might be a good idea to watch from the sidelines.

Starting out with a standard type account it would be better to avoid trading during the red news events until you become quite experienced then perhaps add it in but ensuring that lot sizes are kept relatively small.

ps. I did want to trade examples of "higher probability" cycles but I was presented with this "nice" setup so decided to take it as it will also serve as a good example .... high prob cycle will have to wait for another day but I will show several over the coming days and weeks.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1226 ---
EA pair

Q modified to 100

ps. AJ is ok at Q=40 for the time being .... all pairs monitored!

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1227 ---
I learn something new either way. Thank you.

--- 帖子 #1228 ---
There is always something new to learn.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1229 ---
Today I plan to trade only 1 cycle on AJ and 1 cycle on EA.

End of the month type of mentality even though that's actually at close of business tomorrow.

Masterrmind..........

--- 帖子 #1230 ---
AUDJPY [M5; 40 - MN 201]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

5 longs

+62.5 pips.

EURAUD [M5; 40/100 - MN 205]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

3 shorts

+30.6 pips.

Total for the 2 pairs is +91.3 pips quite quickly!

ps. closed out manually due to rapid price fluctuations (news impact).

Masterrmind..............

--- 帖子 #1231 ---
Any questions or is it fairly straight forward.

Masterrmind.......... :nerd:

--- 帖子 #1232 ---
Excellent trading evening sir.

The rest of the week should be interesting. See you for tomorrow's Tokyo session.

Night all.-

--- 帖子 #1233 ---
Just take it one day at a time ... monitor, manage and control the risk ...

Thanks for dropping by and have a restful evening.

See you at Tokyo Open tomorrow.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1234 ---
If any trader is interested in a potentially larger cycle started from around Frankfurt/London Open or NY Open today just let me know.

I'll then set one loose in the market.

All in the name of learning although outlined in advance and traded live.

Note: Recall that in general my cycles at this stage of the trading account commence from Tokyo Open.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1235 ---
This is a good and flexible trading method MM.

I use a 61 level set up. No particular reason.

I posted because I wanted to add to the discussion that it is not necessary to take every single trade. The idea is to take advantage of the fact that markets tend to revert to a mean. That is what this particular strategy takes advantage of.

--- 帖子 #1236 ---
Exactly right!

Traders choice every time and they don't need to take every trade they should actually start off very tame and only open a few trades.

After much experience it is still advisable to open only a few trades but be very aware that if you open multiple entries as I have shown previously in the monster cycles then you accept the risk involved.

When I convert smaller term cycles into larger term cycles my focus shifts to PA at what I see as key handles (the blue horizontal lines I post on my charts from time to time).

It also depends on your ratio of account balance to minimal lot size ... the higher the ratio the more adventurous one can become.

The lower the ratio potentially the lower the number of trades in the market at the same time to minimize total DD.

At the end of the day if your account affords a huge ratio between account balance and minimal lot size then trading very large cycles becomes a very real option.

I have shown in the very large longer term cycles that even a small account setup correctly (ie ratio) can withstand quite a lot.

I have had as much as 2-3 pairs running at the same time and about 280 trades at 0.1 lots a piece and the maximum floating DD <29%.

Pair movements have a lot to say about actual DD too.

The DD can always be restricted by limiting or closing out trades before floating DD limits are breached.

It should be noted that I am trading this account at the moment in a relatively aggressive manner to both test what it can handle and to move the growth along a little quicker.

The balance between growth rate and maximum floating DD is never a simple matter but at least the trader if he/she wishes can control it by force.

At the early stages of this current account I choose not to set such a floating DD limit however, if 30% started to be exceeded then I would step in.

As far as the levels go I have not outlined these in any detail but certainly will cover them much later when the time is right.

Obviously, I want to see the account double at constant lot sizing and then take it from there.

Appreciate your comments and you are always welcome to voice your opinions.

Good trading,

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1237 ---
Tokyo Open

Lets find a pair to trade!

Masterrmind........... :nerd:

--- 帖子 #1238 ---
Nothing is jumping out. Maybe its just me but I don't see anything to write home about.

--- 帖子 #1239 ---
EURAUD [M5; 40 -MN 305]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The idea behind this pair was to get in now and have trades opened on the way down to the pivot.

Price does not always conform so if price continues to go up we can either let it run its course and open whatever cycle it decides or we can close the Expert for this pair and look for another pair.

If entries are not made reasonably early in the trading session then there is a tendency for cycles to become longer term cycles.

Something to be aware of!

ps. I'm also searching for an alternative pair to add.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1240 ---
Yes you are right there is no pair that immediately jumps out and says here I am take me!

Some of the pip distances between HH + LL are 15 to 17 pips and for my spread this makes the cycle(s) not ideal.

I'll keep searching for a pair(s) but if nothing shows then all we can do is either keep searching or look for a cycle tomorrow.

Lets see!

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1241 ---
EA

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Price drove up hard closer to the DO line and then headed back down again so maybe price will continue down and open up a cycle for us.

Gap between HH + LL is about 22 pips (ok) but with about an 8 pip spread you can see how much it consumes ....

The pivot point (Daily) is really close to the 1.48000 handle too something that I like to see.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1242 ---
Pairs I'm currently considering are as follows:

AJ: price heading up to daily resistance area - potential for a short cycle

AN: NO - spread too high!

AU: Short cycle from higher up at the PP-HH + LL gap ok, could go long from lower down near DO line depends on PA.

EJ: definite maybe, price pushing up nicely ... perhaps take this cycle for a short setup

GJ: has started to head up but quite a distance from daily resistance level which is ok if you want to start opening several trades on the way up if price keeps pushing higher.

NJ: possible short setup in a good zone currently ... watching it! (but nasty spread for me at about 8 pips)

UJ: just watching it at the moment.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1243 ---
EJ short at 114.923

--- 帖子 #1244 ---
Just be aware that if the bulls come on hard price could easily push up 20 pips or so to test resistance level.

For price on the way down just watch the PA around the 114.800 level its a potential turning point/obstacle to price zone (refer chart structure).

ps. if it keeps heading down could be a very nice short for you.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1245 ---
Out at 114.834

Most likely early (I have to work on that) but with pips in the bank.

--- 帖子 #1246 ---
EA

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

1st long trade opened up.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1247 ---
Perhaps a reasonable move although could have waited a bit longer.

Anyway the trading session is quite flat today with not much real market moving data coming out especially not in the Asian session.

If there are no good setups then sidelines is always a good option.

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #1248 ---
EA

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Q modified back to 60.

Idea being to get out of this cycle sooner rather than later as the PA is not really favorable at the moment .

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #1249 ---
EA

Very tempting to close out the single trade for some profit manually.

But I'll keep watching this pair play out for the time being.

ps. it is unlikely that other pairs will be traded in this session today but you never know as I'm still searching for a reasonable setup.

Masterrmind..........

--- 帖子 #1250 ---
Not a lot on show for the last day of the month unfortunately.

Heading into September may also have its fair share of challenges but I'll be ready to trade.

After this EA trade(s) is/are closed out that will be it for the day in this session.

Good trading,

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1251 ---
EA

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Q modified to 100

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1252 ---
I'm out for the night.

I'm leaving with more than I arrived.

Good trading and good rest to all.

--- 帖子 #1253 ---
Take care!

Masterrmind.........

--- 帖子 #1254 ---
EA

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

4 long winners closed out.

+30.4 pips!

ps. closed out manually at the DO line.

pps. Looking at the entries on the chart you can clearly see the impact that a 7.4 pip spread has .... hmmm!

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1255 ---
Tokyo Open

Start of a fresh new month and mixed theories floating around out there about what we can expect to see.

Generally speaking a slowish type of month but nothing is for certain in this business.

Lets search for a few pairs to setup and trade.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1256 ---
Observations:

FF news calendar

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

JPY is currently showing some strength.

AJ

EJ

GJ and

UJ

What I'm looking for is potential candidates that might tend to reverse after collecting a few to several entries.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1257 ---
Several pairs might look good to trade with low spread on other trading accounts.

However, in this type of account either the spread is very unfavorable or the trading ranges matched up to the spread are unfavorable.

So the choice is sometimes a compromise.

EJ will be traded .......

Masterrmind............ :nerd:

--- 帖子 #1258 ---
EURJPY [M5; 40 - MN 408]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Cycle setup.

ps. if another suitable pair is found it will be added so we trade pairs in tandem otherwise its a solo pair today.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1259 ---
You are all invited to post any of your own setups as you wish for the same or different pairs.

If the spread on this account was nice and tight I would be looking to trade some of the following:

AUDNZD (over 10 pip spread so I won't be touching it)

EURGBP

EURAUD (will look to trade this but I simply chose EJ over this one)

EURUSD

+ others

For EG + EU if the spread is ok I'd be looking to apply higher lot sizes over smaller TPs.

The GBP pairs can also be considered especially GJ + GU

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1260 ---
Although I plan to only trade currencies in these cycles once the account growth is much larger I will also consider some commodities (gold + silver) and a few indices.

But for the time being only currencies will be traded.

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #1261 ---
EJ

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Off and running.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1262 ---
Nothing for me tonight. Good trading everyone and good evening.-

--- 帖子 #1263 ---
Yes not a lot that stands out and says here I am trade me!

I'll be possibly looking at trading the AU pair shortly alongside the EJ pair.

ps. I'm actually wanting the EJ pair to keep dropping down lower so that it opens up multiple trades ... lets see how this unfolds.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1264 ---
AUDUSD [M5; 40 - MN 403]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Cycle added in tandem with EJ.

Looking for price to drive up a little higher and open up entries but if it doesn't that's also fine as the cycle can simply be deleted if desired.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1265 ---
From my perspective I will be looking to produce some huge cycles of trades on 1 to 2 pairs.

Generally speaking I prefer the market to get me into these cycles and not for me to simply force them to occur.

This simply means that if cycles continue to open and close out in the ATW session then so be it allow them to complete.

But when pairs start to trend off hard then these may lead into massive cycles that can potentially create large profit provided DD is controlled.

For those traders with a standard type small account your intentions might be different and you may be looking for entering only a few shorts or longs from favorable zones.

When such setups occur I will attempt to highlight them here so traders can take advantage if they wish.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1266 ---
EJ

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

5 long winners.

Manual close out just below Q 40 exit.

+38.4 pips!

ps. AU cycle - price not going anywhere at present so I may delete out the cycle since no trades are currently running.

pps. AU cycle has now been deleted out.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1267 ---
That completes Asian session cycles taken today.

Back tomorrow but this time will be here 1 hour before Tokyo Open.

Have a great day!

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1268 ---
Just under an hour until Tokyo Open.

Lets search for a cycle or two to trade.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1269 ---
Lots of tight ranges.

GJ doesn't look too bad.

--- 帖子 #1270 ---
FF News Calendar (GMT+10)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #1271 ---
Yes GJ looks like a likely candidate.

Over 20 pips across the HH to LL channel at the moment.

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #1272 ---
GJ

If you were to favor a direction for the cycle in which direction would you choose?

Masterrmind............ :nerd:

--- 帖子 #1273 ---
The major trend on the GJ has been going up until earlier today. I'm not sure its done going up.

If I had to choose, I'd choose to buy.

BUT::: Market dictates.

--- 帖子 #1274 ---
Looking at the PA right now, I don't think we're getting buy signals on GJ up front but I could be wrong.

--- 帖子 #1275 ---
I too would slightly favor a long bias on the GJ based on current chart structure.

Later we have Construction PMI data coming out but thats deep into the latter part of the trading day so the impact may not be felt at all in this session.

GU and UJ also have similar type PA but the trading range currently is very tight and also spread may be a factor.

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #1276 ---
You are right the pair is pushing up higher above the DO line looking to open up short Q entries.

I'm only observing at the moment not prepared to commit.

But I'm not saying that a short cycle is a bad idea it just does not fit with my expectations of how I see price action.

I also look at how far price could likely travel up to the next key level.

So in the case of opening a short cycle you need to be prepared for price to possibly move at least up another 45 pips to the midR level or 115 pips to the Resistance level.

This does not mean price will move there anytime soon but you need to have an awareness that it is certainly possible.

If you intend to take fewer higher probability entries then it might be better to wait for price to move closer to one of these levels before committing.

However, if your intention is to generate a large fan of entries then you may not care about being closer to a key level.

So you can see that the decision making process can be quite different based on your plan for a given cycle(s).

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #1277 ---
Agreed.

I am not comfortable opening shorts on the GJ right now. They may very well work just fine for this cycle but overabundance of precaution on my side says I stay out and observe as well.

--- 帖子 #1278 ---
Many times patience pays!

Have a look at the EURAUD pair on M5 TF this PA is exactly what I'm looking for on the GJ pair.

EA

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Price drops under the DO line ... you open up a long cycle ... collect a few entries and then price bounces nicely off the pivot point .... nice!

Pity it was an hour or so before we started trading today otherwise a great little long cycle could have been had on EA.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1279 ---
GJ

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Taking a long cycle now.

Spread is nasty look at the spread shown on the chart.

It actually means I need to be very aware of the immediate need to adjust Q exit values or the trade could go negative.

Those who trade with lower spread would not have this issue.

Masterrmind..........

--- 帖子 #1280 ---
GJ

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Q was modified to 100 by the way.

ps. note that if you had of remained at a Q=40 exit then you'd be out of the trade now potentially for a BE to very minor loss.

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #1281 ---
Note that being the last trading day of the week its usually better not to open multiple pairs since risk increases in the event they run over the weekend.

If cycles are started then they should be closed out on the same day if possible.

Trader choice as always but best to think twice before setting them loose in the market.

Masterrmind............. :nerd:

--- 帖子 #1282 ---
My chart didn't produce a long signal .. it happens from broker to broker / chart to chart.

Nice trading today.

Enjoy the weekend and I'll see you next time.-

--- 帖子 #1283 ---
My plan today will most likely be trading a few cycles long and short on the GJ pair.

Unless a very good setup on another pair shows up.

Masterrmind............ :nerd:

--- 帖子 #1284 ---
Have a great weekend and see you next week.

ps. yes depends on brokers data feed regarding the generation of Q signal boxes with less sometimes and more at other times than other brokers.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1285 ---
GJ

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

1 long closed out for +18.9ips!

ps. following on into a short cycle now.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1286 ---
GJ

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Closed out short cycles for another +77.9 pips!

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1287 ---
That completes the cycles of trades taken in the Asian session today.

Will return to this methodology start of next week!

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1288 ---
Start of a new trading week.

Just prior to Tokyo Open so lets see what we can find to trade.

FF Economic Calendar (GMT+10):

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #1289 ---
EURAUD [D1 Chart]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Re-entry into multiple long entries is being considered over the next few days with today also a possibility.

Although I would prefer to see how at least today unwinds on the pair before making the entries ... we will see!

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #1290 ---
GBPJPY [M5; 40 - MN 110]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Long cycle started with a few trades already in action.

Well aware of red news due out today on both currencies.

I may also look to enter multiple manual entries to complement the Expert entries.

Masterrrmind............

--- 帖子 #1291 ---
GJ

2 manual entries added (longs)

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1292 ---
GJ

Manual load up occurring on this pair.

Looking to build a reasonably sized cycle today.

ps. refer to TE or myfxbook for further details as I'm not going to mention every trade I take.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1293 ---
MM are you still using the same EA? If so, did you know that the progression does not appear to be working for when you do start using it? It could be I am using the wrong one.

--- 帖子 #1294 ---
GJ

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Closed out the long cycle for +334.1 pips!

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #1295 ---
No issues on my side.

I suggest traders test run the EA's well before trading live and as mentioned a long time ago I did say that I will use a variety of Experts as necessary.

This current account is no where near the progressive lot sequencing stage but once it nears it and the interest is here I'll make sure all traders are on the same page.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1296 ---
Okay, just making sure I did not miss anything. Just now trying EAs to trade as I am very old school.

--- 帖子 #1297 ---
You can always do this manually if you wish.

On the last GJ cycle the Expert opened 5 longs but I applied 16 additional entries just above the pivot point.

So you can certainly trade it manually if you wish and also apply higher lot size per entry to reduce the frequency of trades.

I'm keeping to the plan at this stage which means I apply 0.1 lots per every entry until the account at least doubles.

Once the account doubles then I'll look to go PLS or at least increase constant lot sizing for example go from 0.1 lots per trade to 0.2 lots per trade.

ps. Once the account doubles at least then I'll re-assess before committing to a particular lot sequence.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1298 ---
EURAUD

Multiple longs entered with the chance of several more to follow.

Manual entries.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1299 ---
Searching for a likely pair to trade prior to Tokyo Open.............

Masterrmind..........

--- 帖子 #1300 ---
GJ

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Short cycle in action.

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #1301 ---
GJ

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

5 additional manual shorts added to the current cycle.

ps. stops and TPs initially are set wide but can be modified as trading continues if desired.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1302 ---
Large cycles are currently being built up on the EURAUD and GBPJPY pairs.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1303 ---
Expert removed.

Manual approach takes over.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1304 ---
GJ

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Short cycle now all closed out.

+861.4 pips!

ps. EA long cycle will continue to run on.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1305 ---
Outstanding performance!

--- 帖子 #1306 ---
Any trader following along could have had similar results.

You can see on the GJ chart 2 posts above that I still closed out clusters of trades at certain levels to grab some profit.

The reason being is that no matter how confident you might be of your levels for TP there is never a guarantee that they will be met.

So I take profit and I attempt to minimize exposure although on this account it can handle quite a lot!

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1307 ---
Excellent. Patience does pay off.

How do you time your entries and what is the basis?

Do you target the range-trading or consolidation period?

--- 帖子 #1308 ---
The ratio between minimal lot size and account balance on this account (not so on the original account) affords me the luxury of having plenty of flexibility to allow trades to run over a much greater trading range without undue DD issues.

This has proved to be a very important criteria for growing a small account.

At least this has been the case up to this point (the future is yet uncharted of course).

Since this account offers such flexibility it means that I can literally open up at least 2 volatile pairs and have trades run between 250 to 500 pips against me with up to 300 trades at 0.1 lots a piece and DD remain under 30% (exact DD needs to be calculated on a case by case basis).

This is incredibly powerful considering that the account could be more aggressively traded which would likely produce a faster growth rate but at the expense of a slightly higher DD!

Getting to your questions:

Due to this new found account flexibility the DD is so far contained although it does come at the cost of both terrible spread (account type related) and lower profit.

But its the DD which is the bigger evil in this method so I sacrifice a few trading conditions to gain 'control' over the DD ... simple as that!

1. I choose a volatile pair(s) to trade for the day although it could be any pair(s) on the go to list.

2. Set it loose near Tokyo Open

3. If its a short cycle I will wait for price to collect entries on the way up to a midR or R level, pivot points, chart structural level or key handle

4. I will always look at the PA at key levels and observe hesitation/consolidation in that zone

5. If bearish intent (ie a potential trend reversal) is shown I may unload multiple shorts with the expectation of price continuing down to TP levels.

6. I'm very aware that price can run away after such an entry and continue up higher creating additional DD.

7. I'm very aware of all upper zones and chart structure including likely impacts of currency news and I understand that I never really know how much of an impact news will have on a pair so I can choose to not trade a red news pair on a given day or trade away provided risk is accounted for.

8. If price continues to run up and away from me then I allow the Expert to continue generating trades at Q entry levels

9. I will then watch PA and at the next hesitation/consolidation area I may unload multiple entries again with the expectation that price rolls over and heads down to TP levels (in the case of a short cycle) but if the pip distance is 'not far' from the previous level I may simply monitor

10. I particularly like zones such as double tops as displayed in the GJ pair today during the Asian session and this is where I usually unload with multiple entries.

11. I don't get greedy, I watch my DD and I'm always aware of the risk on the trading account.

12. I never assume that price will always hit my TP levels so I try to close out clusters of trades well above the TP levels.

13. I may also look to hedge and apply any number of trading techniques at my disposal should I think they are necessary to firstly protect the account and secondly to grow the account.

14. The account ratio so far has provided an almost relaxing type trading approach in which a 100 pip move away from me is not an issue at all. Whereas on a small standard type account it could be a major reason for concern as DD increases rapidly.

I hope this offers an answer to your questions but you are always welcome to ask more if you wish.

Good trading,

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1309 ---
Thank you for your detailed explanation. Please explain in detail the hedging techniques that you would employ and in situations demanding it.

If someone to open an account with a broker whose spread is not more than 1.5 pips per trade for cross pairs, how should a retiree plan to use equity of $50,000 with DD tolerance for 30% for trading your way?

Retirees have reached a stage where they can no longer afford to be risk-averse because banks are not paying any deposit interest. Many are willing to take risks and learn risk management .

--- 帖子 #1310 ---
Affinity to MT-4 kept me from trying out my brokers other trading platform.

It turns out that simply by using my brokers other trading platform I can trade positions that are 1000 smaller than the smallest one I can open from MT-4 for my same small account.

My account's ability to run QAM is now up to par and I will be able to follow you with full confidence.

Of course, no automation. 100% manual. But the ratio between account balance and the smallest unit that I can trade just got way more comfortable.

I am excited for tonight's Asian session!

--- 帖子 #1311 ---
The hedging has in part been explained earlier in this thread so I would suggest taking a look at that in the first instance.

What type of account is it?

A 30% DD is not a requirement and a far lower DD limit could be applied and controlled (hard stops on all trades) which I would recommend on a case by case basis depending on the account holders risk tolerance, account type and many other factors.

Banks have not been paying any 'real' interest for many years now.

FX offers an alternative approach however as we all well know the risk is higher and it has to be much higher due in part to potential payout.

Taking risk is a necessity in FX with those people who refuse it left on the outside.

A 50K account in my opinion could be applied on a standard ECN type account which has lower spread, faster execution time and little to no restrictions and a lower leverage applied if desired.

Much depends on the type of gains expected from the traded account for example an expectation of monthly gains.

The good part is that I have already provided somewhat of a forward live test so you can examine the trading on my account (all accessible) and gain an appreciation of what is likely to be achieved (no guarantee moving forward though) on a 50K account.

In a perfect world the following type account would be ideal:

ECN type spread and trading conditions on a cent type account to lot size ratio ..... simple as that!

Taking risk is a necessity but it has to be 'contained' and 'controlled' risk NOT uncontrolled or the account might easily vanish!

The most important part is the risk management as it will make or break you in this strategy.

There is more that I could add to this post so I will re-visit it again later on.

Thank you for the questions.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1312 ---
Ideal Brokerage account:

If anyone can find a broker that allows a very large ratio between account balance and minimal lot size but has very low spread and excellent trading conditions and preferably MT4 please post it here.

Similar to the cent account I now trade but with much lower spread conditions and no major restrictions.

Masterrmind..............

--- 帖子 #1313 ---
Well, I now know that my broker, Oanda here in the USA, does allow extremely small lot sizes in their fxTrade platform. I also know their spread is not bad. And I am already testing it so we'll see how it does there.

--- 帖子 #1314 ---
That sounds good.

Larger the ratio the better because the DD will be far more easily contained and although the growth will be lower the account may stand the test of time.

After several cycles of trades you might choose to slowly increase your lot sizing to accelerate growth but as you know the risk also increases.

So what you would try to achieve is a balance between account growth and applied risk.

The larger the ratio and the smaller the lot sizing the more 'relaxing' the trading in general.

Great to see you ready to go but be aware that should a pair trend off heavily against you there may come a time when closing out several trades for losses becomes a reality so monitor your positions at all times and always have a plan on what to do should a bad situation develop.

It is very much account size to lot sizing ratio and the summation of the number and lot size of all trades applied.

Keep monitoring the current floating DD as per the indicator you see in the top right of my charts.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1315 ---
Yes I'm also aware of that broker but I don't think MT4 Experts can be applied which is a necessity for me since I'm applying constant 0.1 lot sizing at present and to open up all these trades manually although possible is far more efficient using the MT4 Expert.

If an Expert can be applied then this may be a good option.

ps. I may look at this broker in a little more depth.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1316 ---
FF Economic Calendar (GMT +10)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1317 ---
Tokyo Open

Just started so lets find a pair or pairs to trade.

Feel free to offer suggestions because there may be pairs that suit your account type far better than the account I'm using as I am limited by spread.

Masterrmind..........

--- 帖子 #1318 ---
The Q range of every ***/JPY pair got pretty wide from that last bit of "low impact" news not long ago, and more AUD news is on the way.  I am always partial to the GJ.  EG is not looking too bad.

--- 帖子 #1319 ---
Yes I agree!

AJ, EJ, GJ and GU

EG and EU if your spread is tight.

The JPY pairs could be traded manually if desired.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1320 ---
I'm actually going to monitor the pairs for a little longer before committing to a pair or pairs.

I want to see if the JPY related pairs look set on continuing down the chart or heading back to the upside.

Although not critical that I wait since if I chose a long direction I would want price to continue lower for some time to collect entries before reversing up the chart.

I'm not concerned if price continues to drop down much lower because I can always apply Buy stops to catch price as it heads up (if it does).

A cluster of entries can always be applied at a support level too if a long direction is desired.

Patience is good practice.

ps. traders should form their own opinions and do not need to wait for me to start trading a pair although you are most welcome too.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1321 ---
My thoughts as well.

Monitoring GJ, EJ, EG, EU, AJ and GU for signals.

--- 帖子 #1322 ---
Good idea!

I'll be looking to start trading a pair (if I do) within about the next 30 minutes or so.

Lets see.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1323 ---
I have been with Oanda for 10 years. You cannot use any kind of experts with the fxtrade platform. They do have MT4 but it has the usual restrictions in lot size. I find that this trading method lends itself more to MT4, if you enjoy sleeping.

That said, there is no broker that allow better control over position sizing than Oanda, in the US.

--- 帖子 #1324 ---
Thanks for the input and you are right about the MT4 lot size restrictions which of course is set at 0.01 lots per entry.

So the only option really is to find a cent broker with tight spread.

So far I have managed to find FX-TM as I see them as the best of the cent brokers with enough trading conditions to suit my method.

However, their spread is rather nasty at about 7-8 pips on some pairs as shown on many of my charts (GJ = 7.9 pips but the majors are 2-3 pips).

I am certainly not saying that other brokers don't have tighter spread (as they might) but up to this point I have not found any.

Lets hope a trader posts one here ... that will make my day!

Failing that I'll continue on as I am until the account hits about 800 000 USC if it does then I'll transfer to a tight spread ECN account and continue.

Masterrmind..........

--- 帖子 #1325 ---
You are most welcome! That is the trade off with Oanda. They have some very wide spreads during low liquidity events. But they are a large and regulated broker that if you use properly will never let you blow up your account. It is difficult for us born the US, as we have few options.

--- 帖子 #1326 ---
First long position opened on GU @ 1.3412

In long on AJ also.

--- 帖子 #1327 ---
So you do the best you can with what you've been given.

Masterrmind..........

--- 帖子 #1328 ---
Nice work!

I'm considering GJ among others.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1329 ---
EURJPY [M5; 40 - MN 308]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

ps. chose EJ over GJ just for a change up and although the Expert is applied you could bank on manual trades being made.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1330 ---
Closed all positions in profit. A quick 35 pips in short order. I am now really starting to have fun with this.

Could have let them run much much longer. Notes later, tomorrow. Now sleep.

Have a good rest.

--- 帖子 #1331 ---
Take care and good work on gaining some pips!

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1332 ---
EJ - update

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Smooth sailing so far.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1333 ---
EJ - update

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

3 longs closed out for +84.8 pips!

ps. you don't have to wait until pre-assigned TPs are hit just close out mini clusters of trades if you wish to keep profit ticking over.

pps. if price continues to charge up then my buy stops will get triggered.

ppps. in the meantime no DD is being produced but should price decide to drop lower more longs will be triggered.

pppps. what other reason would I have for closing out the longs?

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1334 ---
Chart structure and level.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1335 ---
See if you or any other trader can find an example on the GJ short cycle (the 800+ pip cycle) where I could have managed the cycle better.

Post # 1306.

ps. these are the types of questions a trader needs to be continually asking him/her self every trading day and finding the answers.

Masterrmind......... :nerd:

--- 帖子 #1336 ---
Is there any reason for not opening trades outside of the Asian session besides the compact range?

I ask because I am tempted to trade outside Asian session hours.

--- 帖子 #1337 ---
In the original account setup which was an intentionally underfunded account because it was my quest to attempt to show that a small account could grow when trading the Quantum method it has always made sense to trade in a lower trading range session that exhibits a reversal behavior.

Even on a very large account I still traded the ATW session mostly but applied much larger lot sizes for smaller TPs on turtle pairs such as EChf, EG + EU because I knew historically that it was very rare to be in a pair that became a runaway train (trended off).

Now you have asked a very good question!

Due to this new found ratio advantage I see no reason why other more volatile sessions cannot be traded.

The DD will need to be monitored and 'controlled' as always but take a look at my longer term trades they have been open in the market for days and weeks at a time.

I will still start in the Asian session looking to take a few cycles and if these cycles happen to turn longer term then I'll follow them.

However, if the ATW cycles complete early then I'll start a cycle just before Frankfurt Open (GMT 9) and trade it through to completion.

I would have really preferred to have the account much larger before getting into these sessions but I think with the current account it should cruise right through it.

Lets trade it then!

Starting tomorrow an Asian session cycle as per normal followed by a Frankfurt/London cycle.

ps. I'll keep clear of the NY cycles for the time being since I can't monitor the whole session due to sleep requirements and may consider a VPS later.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1338 ---
ANSWER:

Look at the first group of Q boxes as price headed up the chart.

I should have closed out this first short cycle on the 1st pass as price went up then reversed down below the lowest priced short entry.

By doing this I could have avoided the unnecessary next leg of DD as price drove up high again to test recent highs and I could have applied shorts once more and taken profit later in the session.

The idea is to follow the PA and attempt to close out smaller clusters of profitable trades and reduce DD as much as possible.

Masterrmind............ :nerd:

--- 帖子 #1339 ---
Quantum London Trading

For those interested in how the QLT session is traded please visit the following thread:

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=551382

Attempt to read through the first 100 posts or so if you have the time to get a good understanding of the method.

One of the beauties of the method was the ability to get out of trouble with only a very small pullback in price however to do this requires an appropriate progressive lot sequence (or PLS as I have now named it) such as the following:

Trades 1-12=.01 Lots

Trades 13-21=.02 Lots

Trades 22-29=.05 Lots

Trades 30-36=.13 Lots

Trades 37-39=.34 Lots

Trade 40 =.89 Lots

A constant lot sequence (CLS) approach as I use in the current account produces far less DD but it cannot get out of a cycle net positive as quickly as the PLS approach. It simply requires price to move alot further before the CLS becomes positive.

To effectively apply the PLS method usually requires rather deep pockets and a minimum account size of at least US$10 000 but higher than this amount is better.

The larger the account size given a certain CLS or PLS the safer the account because it can handle more DD .... as simple as that!

Lets take a quick look at account balance to lot size ratios of both accounts:

Standard account (US$10 000)

0.01 to 10 000 = 1 to 1 000 000

Cent account (US$1 000)

0.01 to 100 000 = 1 to 10 000 000

This means to apply the same ratio as the 10K account in my cent account I simply start trading at 0.1 lots per entry which is exactly what I have been trading all along.

Note that if I wanted too I could trade the cent account at 10 times higher ratio than the 0.01 to 10K account!

I would simply trade 0.01 cent lots per entry.

Now lets look at the PLS table:

Standard 10K

Trades 1-12 = 0.01 Lots

Trades 13-21 = 0.02 Lots

Trades 22-29 = 0.05 Lots

Trades 30-36 = 0.13 Lots

Trades 37-39 = 0.34 Lots

Trade 40+ = 0.89 Lots

Cent 1K

Trades 1-12 = 0.1 Cent Lots

Trades 13-21 = 0.2 Cent Lots

Trades 22-29 = 0.5 Cent Lots

Trades 30-36 = 1.3 Cent Lots

Trades 37-39 = 3.4 Cent Lots

Trade 40+ = 8.9 Cent Lots

So all you have to do is multiply the standard lot sizes (in blue font) by a factor of 10 to retain an identical ratio!
If you applied the same lot sizes on the cent account as the standard account then effectively you'd be trading a 100K account so less DD.

Note that 40 levels are used above but certainly more levels and a different trade sequence could be applied if desired.

All we need to do now is watch the DD and keep the profit ticking over.

+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

As stated in earlier posts I was intent on remaining at a CLS of 0.1 lots until the account doubles but in the name of progress and wanting to accelerate the account growth I might start applying PLS earlier than mentioned as I think this account can handle it.

Time will tell but I do not wish to undo all the good work getting the account to this level of growth so I will be keeping an extra close watch on it.

Welcome to the new era ....... PLS is about to be UNLEASHED .......

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1340 ---
Things are about to get interesting!!!

--- 帖子 #1341 ---
PLS Table

The PLS is not a 1 fits all!!

Notice that with 40 levels the following is observed:

1st group of 12 trades are at 0.1 lots

2nd group of 9 trades are at 0.2 lots

3rd group of 8 trades are at 0.5 lots

4th group of 7 trades are at 1.3 lots

5th group of 3 trades are at 3.4 lots and

6th group of trades are all at 8.9 lots.

This approach was used on GBPUSD [M1; 325] Frankfurt through to completion of a single cycle only.

The M1 TF usually opens far more trades than a higher TF for the same pair over the same time period using the same Q value.

Therefore if the above PLS is to be applied then it makes sense NOT to use an M5 or higher TF because the trading session may not generate enough Q boxes to take advantage of the PLS.

You might start to realize rather quickly that an investigation into the likely frequency of Quantum boxes over a given trading window is in order.

This is actually useful because a PLS system can be developed that better suits a given trading session for a given pair.

But be aware that no-one knows the perfect fit for the future so all we can do is produce a likely best fit.

In the interest of keeping things simple just start with the PLS outlined above.

However, as time goes on I will modify the PLS levels for certain pairs.

It will become rather obvious which pairs need to have their PLS modified because after several days if only 13 Q boxes are being generated in a given trading session (window) then the PLS step sequence is not taking full advantage is it?

I thought I'd mention this now but I will re-visit it again some time in the near future.

It is nothing too difficult to perform and only involves looking over historical charts in a given trading window and working out a best fit approach for the PLS sequence.

All in an effort to increase profit.

Masterrmind.............. :nerd:

--- 帖子 #1342 ---
Oh yes they most certainly are!

I've been trading this method quite a long time since the QLT thread days and I have spent an enormous amount of time and effort on it.

Lets see if it pays off on this tiny little account because its about to receive some heavy pressure.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1343 ---
Concerning this:

-----------------------------------------------

1st group of 12 trades are at 0.1 lots

2nd group of 9 trades are at 0.2 lots

3rd group of 8 trades are at 0.5 lots

4th group of 7 trades are at 1.3 lots

5th group of 3 trades are at 3.4 lots and

6th group of trades are all at 8.9 lots.

-------------------------------------------------

If possible would you please elaborate on why this particular ratio of lot progression was chosen? In other words, what was the logic used in selecting those numbers of trades and lot sizes?

Thank you!

--- 帖子 #1344 ---
Tokyo about to open.

Looking for pairs to trade.

Lots of good looking pairs today..

--- 帖子 #1345 ---
Short cycle started on GJ and EJ.. scanning other pairs.

--- 帖子 #1346 ---
Yes plenty of pairs out there to trade.

Lets get busy.

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #1347 ---
GJ

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Cycle started and looking for price to drive up to at least the pivot (higher the better) to collect shorts before reversing down.

Monitor the DD and be aware that longer lasting strong trending PA may not be favorable so always have an exit plan!

ps. CLS mode

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1348 ---
A few notes about features which I am finding useful when trading QAM on my Oanda account.

This could be useful for anyone in the USA thinking about trading this method.

First: The range on my Oanda account is vast like an ocean. By range I mean the ratio of balance to minimum trading unit. They only have one type of account and no minimum. Now I know why. When using fxTrade, one unit with a stop loss of 2000 pips would cost me twenty cents if the stop loss were to ever be hit. I feel fully confident trading multiple aggressive pairs with lot progressions. This is good because I feel like I am getting closer to driving this machine the way that it is meant to be driven, on live funds, but at such small fractions that I am just not worried about it. It allows me to become familiar with the cycles and managing them without the distracting burden of fear of loss.

Second: The platform's dashboard has a large gauge which displays a percentage from 0 to 100. The more risk/floating DD you take on, the higher the gauge reads. The closer to 100 you are, the closer to a margin call. I think that is a critical took to have when trading this. I am glad to say that so far I have not been able to get it to blink since I began trading with this platform. It is stuck at 0.00% and I have been picking up pips all day today. Even during the NY session.

Third and lastly: Thee ability to see the average position on the chart. In the event of multiple trades on the same pair, this line moves to show the exact point were all trades become net profitable. This is very useful when using any type of lot progression. Of course there are other ways to tell this this but I really like seeing that line on the chart.

The most important part for me right now is finding the sweet-spot where the profits actually make a difference but the risk profile is manageable. I need to spend more time studying your closed trades on this system via your TE/MyFxBook and learning more about the anatomy of past cycles. How much P/L does 0.1 lot mean for your account, etc. Things like that which I need to understand better so that I can seek a similar ratio. I will learn this from your results.

Anyway.. a little over 100 pips in the last 24 hours.  I can't complain! Thank you Masterrmind!

--- 帖子 #1349 ---
The following is quoted from Post#1 of the Quantum London Trading thread (http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=551382) and the sequence is simply his own idea NOT mine.

"Here's how you can enter your trades (and it may be totally different for someone else depending on their risk factor):

Trades 1-12=.01 Lots

Trades 13-21=.02 Lots

Trades 22-29=.05 Lots

Trades 30-36=.13 Lots

Trades 37-39=.34 Lots

Trade 40 =.89 Lots

I am only using 40 levels as an example for this strategy. You can spread it out with more levels with lower lots to begin with then ramp it up on the last 1/4 or so, whatever floats your boat. I have a basket calculation for 80 levels that I use. But in this example if we ever got up to 40 trades, we'd only have a total of 3.52 lots in play. But remember, we are going to be using restraint here and taking only the prime first trade of the session."

The PLS as I call it can be modified very easily to become low risk, medium risk, higher risk or anything in between.

This is why I have posted earlier that a PLS should be developed for a given pair over a given trading range so that it shows some respect for historical data.

Therefore the PLS table would vary for different time frames and Quantum values applied to a given pair.

So in a nut shell the PLS should be setup to suit all factors including the risk tolerance of an individual trader.

This is not meant to sound difficult and once I get to setting up a PLS for a given TF, Q value and risk tolerance level you will see its not difficult.

What a trader would be trying to accomplish is maximum usage of the PLS based on individual risk tolerance.

For example, imagine that a given pair in a given trading window historically produces on average only 10 to 12 Quantum boxes over a fairly similar trading range and that trader continually applies the PLS posted previously then it means that every trade is opened at 0.1 lots so simply a constant lot sequence (CLS) and therefore fails to take advantage of a PLS system. In this situation the trader might like to consider the following as an example:

Trade 1 to 4......... 0.1 lots

Trade 5 to 8......... 0.3 lots

Trade 9 to 11....... 0.5 lots

Trade 12+ ........... 0.8 lots

Note: The lots applied to each set of trades can also be modified to better reflect on a traders appetite towards risk and its also dependent on the account balance to lots size ratio and the size of the account.

Therefore it is based on individual trader circumstances to a large extent and whether they are low risk, medium risk or high risk.

Hope this has helped but just know that there is no perfect PLS system so you try to get a 'best fit' PLS.

Although there is no perfect fit there is certainly PLS systems that can be completely wrong.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1350 ---
Very good post!

Spending the time to get to know your brokers platform and the QAM methodology is starting to pay off.

Its as if every part of the system from start to end needs to operate smoothly together like a well oiled machine.

If one part stops working then the whole system can suffer.

Finding a good balance between applied risk and profit is a tricky process but as you said about lower position sizes the method does actually become very relaxing to trade when you know the account and how its setup can handle an enormous amount of DD and survive.

Happy to see you smiling that's what its all about!

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1351 ---
Yes, this makes sense. Thank you!

--- 帖子 #1352 ---
At 1 hour before Frankfurt today I will look to apply a PLS cycle.

Any TF can be used but preferably M1 or M5.

I may use the following:

If M1 then GBPUSD [M1; 300 or similar]

Many other currency pairs, commodities and indexes and Q combinations can also be applied ... the sky truly is the limit!

This can be traded either by Expert or manually as you wish.

The idea was always to trade only the 1 cycle from about FF Open until completed and then stop!

The number of pips gained can and will vary alot including the number of entries.

Sometimes you might have 1-2 trades for 20 pips.

Other times you might have 20-30 trades for 1000+ pips.

Its largely market dependent and of course what setup you are applying.

Several other trading windows can also be traded but take it slowly at first and then try to work out which trading session best suits you.

If you decide to trade in a trading window that you can't physically monitor but you want to trade it then consider the additional risk, the use of an Expert Advisor and possibly a VPS system.

Always manage the risk and keep the profit rolling that's the main aim of the business.

Good trading,

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1353 ---
It was a good day today. All positions closed in positive pip-land. I am off to sleep.

I will be back in about 6 or so hours most likely for the London session which is a lot of fun too!

Good trading to you sir and good night.-

--- 帖子 #1354 ---
Enjoy your rest!

Masterrmind..........

--- 帖子 #1355 ---
GJ - update

No trades triggered so I have decided to remove the Expert from the chart due to a heavily consolidated zone.

ps. setting up in preparation for the FF Open PLS cycle(s).

Masterrmind.........

--- 帖子 #1356 ---
FRANKFURT/LONDON CYCLE

Start looking to start a cycle an hour or so prior to Frankfurt Open (London Open - 2 hours or GMT 5)

Consider todays cycle as an example only although it will be traded on my live account.

GBPUSD [M1; 300 - MN 411]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Note: the thick blue vertical line to the far right on the chart is Frankfurt Open (broker time = 09:00; GMT 6)

My Broker time is GMT+3

Frankfurt Opens at GMT 6

London Opens at GMT 7

So you can start looking for a cycle 1 hour before FF Open which is at GMT 5.

Masterrmind.........

--- 帖子 #1357 ---
GU - Expert PLS settings

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Note that based on the applied PLS settings that if only 12 Quantum signal boxes are generated then the cycle will remain as a CLS cycle.

This is because a higher lot size has not had the opportunity to be generated.

There are also EA's available that are setup for different number of trades at a given lot size so I will utilize these too in the coming weeks.

Personally I would modify this PLS for this pair at this time of the year for this trading window but I'll get into that start of next week.

DO NOT ENTER IDENTICAL LOT SIZING AS i HAVE SHOWN HERE ... CONSIDER YOUR ACCOUNT TO LOT SIZE RATIO!

ps. just missed out on a potential long cycle on GU but that's ok I will not interfere with the Expert at this stage ... simply wait for it to enter.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1358 ---
GU

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

1st long entry away about 10 minutes or so into the FF session.

Hold on tight!

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1359 ---
GU

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

........ and then there were 4

ps. Expert set up to trade only 1 cycle at this stage.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1360 ---
GU

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Closed out manually just under Q exit level

+54.9 pips !

ps. PLS not triggered due to only 6 entries but that's how it goes sometimes.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1361 ---
Thank you for showing the way PLS work. Excellent.

If I were to do manually, how should I go about it?

How can we match EA logic/working through the use of traditional order placing tools like limit order, triggers pegged or linked to a price, OCO, setting TPs and Stop Loss, trail order, etc?

--- 帖子 #1362 ---
This one lesson is worth gold. Unreasonable expectations kill a lot of accounts.

--- 帖子 #1363 ---
EA

20 longs closed out.

A cool +793.9 pips !

ps. recall that I'm after +8000 pips all up before EA hits the 1.53500 level so plenty of time!

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1364 ---
Hi simnz,

Thanks for the comments about the PLS although it remains as theory since I still have not performed it live on the current account.

This will occur very soon though its just a matter of hitting the right pair at the right time and generating at least 13 trades based on the current PLS settings within the Expert advisor.

For the manual approach the one-click option on MT4 is useful although laborious and requires a mental count of trades at X lots followed by a manual increase in the 1-click MT4 trade tool.

I know you trade with IB so you'll need to execute via manual there too.

Doing the entries manually will require you to watch when Q boxes get generated and then somewhere close to the close of the current candle make an entry in the right direction (red box for short and blue box for long).

If you can bring yourself to using MT4 there is an Expert already coded that does a pretty good job with the entries as shown top right corner of my chart with the smiley face.

Other than that you might need to apply copy software that duplicates MT4 trades onto an IB platform.

The problem with doing this manually is that on an M1 TF there can be numerous entries which means you will be forever ties to the screen waiting for the next signal box and then entering trades on your IB platform .... this is NOT an efficient process and it will drive you mad rather quickly.

Think about opening an account on MT4.

+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

A recorded video demonstration might be the way to go.

Not sure I have the time for that but I'll have a look at it in any case so you can see me trade through a manual example!

Feel free to ask any other questions if further information is sought and I'll address them.

Good trading,

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #1365 ---
Indeed there are so many things to be aware of when trading the markets that a trader cannot afford to miss any of them.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1366 ---
Recorder video will be quite helpful.

MT4 bridge through IB API doesn't work reliably.

Only through the order types of IB have to find a way out.

In theory, PLS should work. In a few demos I have done it works on M1. If a reliable system can be worked around M30 TF then I will go for it. I am already a strong believer of averaging for certain cross pairs like EU and GJ. And PLS appeals to me.

which E

--- 帖子 #1367 ---
Please note: The following post describes a few things that I do personally to trade QAM manually on my personal account and for my particular circumstances. I am not saying you should do it this way nor am I implying that what may work for me would in any way work for you. There is a degree of "finding your own way" involved in this.

Speaking of PLS Here is something else to consider applicable only to USA traders thinking of using this method. FIFO rules. We may need PLS in order to make this work here in USA. Here is why:

First in, first out rules (FIFO) makes it impossible for us trading from USA to close later trades unless one closes earlier trades on that same pair first. The problem is that earlier trades may still be at a loss and that loss could be larger than the gain on a latter trade you wish to close.

Depending on the type of PLS used, it could be capable of making an entire set of trades net-out positive on a relatively mild pull-back without waiting for the price to move all the way back in favor of the first trade of that particular cycle. This may offer a way to counter the limitation for those of us trading in the US. Here is how: Using PLS, it is possible for the gains of the latter and larger trades (which will move into profit first upon a pull-back and accumulate P/L faster**) to overwhelm the loss of the first few trades upon a market correction. My goal in doing this would be for the collective outcome of a given cycle of trades to be net-positive.

** P/L can be profit or loss. Be careful! It cuts both ways!

I should mention that I am trading QAM manually and yes, it is laborious and also attention intensive. That happens to work well with my personality but your mileage may vary on that.

I am finding myself trading QAM a little bit differently in order to make it more manageable for me to do manually. I have MT-4 running on my laptop off to the side and displaying the Q-boxes on multiple pairs. I scan that for signals. When I see a signal that I want to trade, I trade the signal on my main PC which is running my brokers proprietary platform. This way I can take advantage of the microscopic trading unit sizes offered by my broker's platform while visually getting my signals from MT-4. One of the disadvantages my manual approach is less trades which means less profits when they do come into profit. However, PLS may address that as well.

Once I open the first trade on a given pair, I do not open new trades upon every new Q-box like the EA would. (That would drive one mad indeed!) I am, instead, laying out pending orders at various intervals into negative territory in the event the price moves against the first position which is the expectation. The interval between the pending orders depends on the pair being traded and what is a reasonable expectation of the range that pair could potentially move against the first position. There are pros and cons to this pending order approach too but I find it easier to do than to manually open every single trade when a new bar opens after a Q-box.

I have in my to-do list to see if there is a way for me to set up OCO and collective TP on this platform in an attempt to leverage whatever I have available here to the maximum capacity.. this may include exploring the API. Im not a coder, but I have a difficult time backing down from a technical challenge and I have been known to hack things into behaving the way I want them to, for the most part.

Now back to PLS. I am having a lot of fun experimenting with aggressive PLS variations. I tried to do this with my account while on MT-4 and needless to say it was not a pleasant experience. But because I have such a large range of play on my account with this platform, I can and will be trying out simpler, yet aggressive variations of PLS. My results will also be available here for everyones benefit but keep in mind, your results may vary from mine.

There are a lot of different PLS arrangements. Things such as:

1, 2, 3, 4

1, 1, 1, 2, 2, 2, 3, 3, 3, 4, 4, 4,

1, 2, 4, 8, 16, 32, 64. (Doubling-up on every trade!) very aggressive! Don't try it at home!

5, 10, 15, 20... and others.

There are a lot of implications to consider with all of these PLS variations so think about your account, the risk involved and be careful! These that I am doing can get you very quickly into a tough situation. Always have a back up plan. For now, my personal backup plan is a 2000 pip stop loss which would require another Brexit to hit and if so would cost me a dollar or two. Far below the 2-3% of my account that normal trading would risk.

Anyway, I will be trying out various different types of aggressive PLS patterns in my microscopic scale and sharing the results here.

PLEASE NOTE! ::: Aggressive PLS like what I am doing can be extremely dangerous given how quickly draw-down can accumulate. I am only doing this because I want to get to know the limits of my personal account AND I am using ultra-microscopic trading units to begin with. These units are worth 1/100th of one cent! Even with all those safety nets, I am keeping ten eyes on the floating DD, which by the way reached 0.02% at one point today already.

--- 帖子 #1368 ---
One important thing I should add to my previous post is that the PLS types that I am trying are geared more towards cycles of shorter duration.

When a longer running cycle is expected, then the less aggressive lot progressions would be much better.

--- 帖子 #1369 ---
Good evening.

I have two cycles open already. EJ & EA.

I have room for more.

--- 帖子 #1370 ---
Yes I'm aware of the bridge issues but perhaps there is a solution I'll look into it.

PLS can be a huge gainer but it is also a 2 edged sword with a painful side as DD can rapidly increase over a shorter trading range.

It can be traded on an M30 TF no problem at all in fact on a higher TF it can be safer in general due to a lower frequency of entries.

But be aware of an aggressive trend against you which could become your worst enemy.

Plenty of equity and the ability to easily soak up DD whist controlling risk is the secret.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1371 ---
Thanks for the well worded post.

Its great to share ideas and try to come to realizations.

The following dot points might be useful:

1. PLS can rapidly increase profit, can rapidly increase DD but can turn a cycle net positive much faster and at a lower price movement than CLS

2. Don't get too greedy

3. Control the DD and set a floating DD limit and adhere to it

4. Learn to close out some trades in batches once the DD reaches pre-assigned DD limits

5. etc

In a perfect world you would want to apply PLS on a pair that shows the following:

a) predictable trading ranges

b) trading ranges that are volatile but reverse within known ranges

c) PA that allows for huge cycles to be generated within as tight as possible trading range and well within the capability of the account.

d) etc

The more experience the better but above all controlling risk on every cycle is paramount because you always need to have an exit plan as a time will come when you are forced to cut some trades or all the trades and simply wear a loss on that cycle.

The greater the loss from a 'bad' cycle the harder the recovery process and the more painful the emotional swings.

Each trader has different levels of risk tolerance but you can't be silly here thinking that over 80% floating DD is ok because price will eventually reverse and save the day.

Maybe it will!

But what if it does not?

Success in this system is not the system itself it is the ability of the trader to control risk and grow the account over the longer term.

Good trading,

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1372 ---
May they be swift to complete and very profitable.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1373 ---
EURAUD

Just closed out the remaining 20 longs.

+465.8 pips.

Clean slate on the account right now as I have no entries running.

Searching for a few cycles to add .... very soon to be applied.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1374 ---
PLS in the Asian session

Due to tighter trading ranges in the Asian session in general it makes sense to apply a PLS system for higher gains.

Over the coming weekend (time permitting) I will derive some PLS tables for several traded pairs and post them to this thread.

Most likely a worked example for only 1 pair will be provided but the information should allow you to start deriving your own PLS's.

Please note that a derived PLS table for a given pair is not necessarily final because as the market trading ranges change over time so too should a given PLS.

The PLS for a given pair will need to be updated at regular intervals so it 'better' fits with the changing dynamics of the market.

Many times the changes are very minor and in such cases an update may not be required (case by case basis).

Masterrmind........... :nerd:

--- 帖子 #1375 ---
GJ

Cycle in the making.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1376 ---
GJ

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Q altered to 60

ps. 4 manual entries to market.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1377 ---
How is it possible to change the Q value from settings? And is this at 60 because you are using 5M rather than 1M?

--- 帖子 #1378 ---
Hi penci,

First I look at price action and chart structure.

You need to know how the Quantum levels are determined which is made easy by the use of the Trending_Label indicator (blue and red lines).

The Trending_Label indicator plots the HH and LL levels on the chart that match Quantum periods so I know visually exactly where the next Quantum signal boxes will be produced either blue or red based on the period applied.

I make absolute certain that once I'm happy with an updated location for Q levels via the Trending_Label indicator that I immediately change the settings in the Expert to exactly match these values.

The reason I do this is because over time and depending on how price moves across the chart if I keep the same Q value it is possible (very possible) that some trades may result in loss.

To avoid this loss I watch on the chart where Q signals will be generated and I decide when to update these Q values to force positive trades and positive cycles provided price eventually goes my way.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

ps. very important that you spend the time to become very familiar with the Trending_Label indi and Quantum levels.

pps. the settings in the Expert are what get traded NOT what might be in the indicator settings and this includes the TF of the chart.

ppps. The Expert settings are what get traded. So I can have the chart on M1, M5 or monthly but if the Expert is set to M5 it trades M5.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1379 ---
Excellent answer sir thank you, so you match your Q value with the period value next to HH & LL?

--- 帖子 #1380 ---
Yes that's right.

Just place the Trending_label indicator on the chart and watch the levels change when you alter the settings ever so slightly.

You will find many times that when you change the settings ie the period that the blue and red lines remain the same and then all of a sudden a big change in the levels occurs.

This big change occurs due to the price structure of the chart and the HH and LL locations relative to the period you chose.

Take some time and practice on a chart and it will start to make sense.

ps. in live trading you might find that these values need to be updated often as time goes on so monitor the charts.

pps. if you start with a larger value initially you will miss out on several early entries in a cycle so this is why it has to be updated over time.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1381 ---
When you update the Q settings its important to check that say in the case of a long cycle that the LL trending line setting follows closely through at least the most recent Q long signal box.

This is to ensure that an entry will be generated once the current low is breached by price.

If you do not make this check on the chart and set a value too high then all it means is that you may skip an entry.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1382 ---
Where do you WANT the levels of the HH and LL though? because any value will generate some type of signal, surely there is a way to determine which period value for the HH and LL is best for a specific time in the day or something?

--- 帖子 #1383 ---
GJ

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Q modified to 100

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1384 ---
My question using this example is what do you look for/ what is the indication that you must change your period from 60 to 100..?

--- 帖子 #1385 ---
I often set values that match with the chart structure and also run along through the most recent Q signal box.

Other times I set values that purely force positive cycles so it depends on my intent.

I tend to like TPs or Q exit levels that remain inside recent highs or lows on the chart as the case may be such as below R levels, S levels or pivot points.

It is a case by case situation though and a pre-determined value cannot be set accurately however you can apply just the one setting for all time if you wish but be prepared for losing trades and losing cycles on a regular basis but with periods of several winners.

The approach I take is more along the lines of adapting to market conditions and updating settings to better flow with the price action on any given chart at any given time.

So the Expert is my assistant and assists in placing my orders and then it is my job to manage the chart structure and update the settings in the Expert as and when required.

Expert and me = team effort [humor intentional]!

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1386 ---
If a Q exit value is likely to end in a loss in the near future.

You must look at the previous chart structure of HH or LL and determine when the Q exit value will drop lower in the case of a long cycle.

So you also need to know when the Q exit level will reduce and this is easy to know by understanding how the level will change over time.

Sometimes it is not necessary to alter to a higher Q exit value immediately but I do this sometimes to keep ahead of the drop in the level.

ps. you need to look at a chart and know how these levels change over time based on HH and LL for a given period.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1387 ---
Im still very new to this EA and indicator pack so am finding it very difficult to get a grip on. Hopefully with some fiddling around I should be sound. Is there any HH / LL value that is ''best'' if I decide to leave it on a specific value and take losing cycles occasionally?

If there is good values to have which is best for each pair from your experience?

--- 帖子 #1388 ---
Do the following to become very familiar with how this works on the chart.

Choose a TF

Choose a Q period

Apply Q and the trending indi to the chart.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Now look at the PA across the chart from the period you chose up to the current candle this is your range of interest.

On the screenshot I provided as a quick example Ive used an M5 TF with Q=100.

A black vertical line is the start of the boundary but know that this boundary shifts 1 position every 5 minutes so 100 candles are always contained within this working zone.

The trending indi maps out the highest and the lowest levels within the 100 candle range or whatever period you choose for Q.

Now can you see how a drop might occur?

ps. be aware that the Q boxes shown on the chart example are set at a period of 40.

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #1389 ---
Closed out the EJ cycle for about 25 pips. Letting the EUR/AUD cycle run over night.

Good evening and good trading everyone.-

--- 帖子 #1390 ---
Also i just got 'order send error 149' do you know what this could mean?

----- never mind i sorted it -----

--- 帖子 #1391 ---
For this GJ stack, where would you place all the stop losses? Is there a way that the indicators help or do you leave it down to the EA?

--- 帖子 #1392 ---
If you want the easy way out then I suggest you test multiple different settings yourself.

This is because it depends on many parameters such as account balance, risk tolerance, TF choice, trading window session, choice of pair, applied lot sequence, trading ranges, number of cycles or continual 24 hour.

You can load up the Expert on a demo account and spend the day testing out different settings until you come to one you like if you wish.

Only you will know if a setting suits you ... no-one else.

Hope you see my point.

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #1393 ---
I will do that tomorrow. Your help is greatly appreciated... Thank you very much MRRM

happy trading

--- 帖子 #1394 ---
Based on the type of account you are trading the stops can be anywhere you like relative to your risk tolerance.

On this account that I'm trading I start with fairly wide stops because the risk per pip per trade is very low.

On a different account a much tighter stop might be required to limit potential loss.

Traders choice as to stop placement.

I never leave it all to the EA ... I manage and i monitor and I adapt to the market and I make what I see as timely changes to settings including closing out cycles early in profit sometimes long before a TP level is ever hit.

I rule the account not the EA.

Masterrmind..........

--- 帖子 #1395 ---
Just so you know I have spent thousands of hours testing multiple setups.

What I found out was that one particular setup would make huge profit .... BUT .... only over a given period of time (ie favorable data) and it would lose out on a different period of data.

I tend to like trading large lot sizes in the Asian session on low range pairs that have very low spread... this is my secret!

Except for a very large account then I trade over longer and more volatile trading periods but with greatly reduced lot progression.

You need to seek out a compromise between profit and realized risk.

At the end of the day its the trader that makes or breaks it.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1396 ---
More pips to the tally.

Masterrmind.........

--- 帖子 #1397 ---
Pending PLS cycle on the EURAUD pair.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

ps. only for those who are truly keen (you know who you are!)

pps. Expert assistant just stepped in to take over the controls momentarily.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1398 ---
EA

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Finally hit my first PLS cycle on this account.

Nice trend to the upside to collect multiple shorts.

Trades so far are as follows:

12 shorts @ 0.1 lots

9 shorts @ 0.2 lots and

1 trade @ 0.5 lots

........ and counting ........... and all within about a 50 pip or so range from entry #1.

I also have the option should price drop down to close out at Q=300 level just above the DO line or to allow trades to continue to TP.

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #1399 ---
EURAUD Cycle beginning to shape up nicely, next 15 minutes we should see some green pips our way!

What period you using currently on the pair?

--- 帖子 #1400 ---
GJ long cycles

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

A few more pips to the collection

+259.32 pips!

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #1401 ---
Yes its starting to take form rather nicely.

I'm using EURAUD [M1; 300 -PLS]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Don't take too much notice of the END CYCLE line on the chart its simply a guide to let you know that if you can get out of the cycle in profit then consider doing so ... otherwise monitor and manage the ongoing cycle.

No changes to settings required at this stage until the lower Q exit level starts to move above the price level of the 1st or lowest priced entry.

I may need to modify it later though but at this stage just monitoring.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1402 ---
EA

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Q modified to 400.

To keep Q exit well below the 1st short entry.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1403 ---
I miss all the fun!

Excellent performance once again.

I have a couple of cycles that I am hanging on to for a longer period, maybe over the weekend.

Great week overall. Enjoy the weekend and I'll see you back here for the next London open.

--- 帖子 #1404 ---
61.9 open lots? Surely that's suicide? A 50 pip continuation higher would see you in a drawdown of over 30% on one set of trades when you've banked 44% for the total growth since starting.

Looks like you'll exit okay but doesn't seem the best sizing.

--- 帖子 #1405 ---
Yes have a great weekend and see you next week.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1406 ---
Perhaps I should hand over the account to you and let you manage it!

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1407 ---
No need to be a sarcastic knob.

Do you not accept constructive criticism?

--- 帖子 #1408 ---
Quantum trading is not for the weak

--- 帖子 #1409 ---
EA - update

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Q modified to 500

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1410 ---
Target of 1.4795... wise or too greedy??

--- 帖子 #1411 ---
I am far from that and tend to be very very helpful.

You come here to post for the first time probably having never read a single page in this thread and magically you have all the wisdom.

I see no value in your comment whatsoever.

Good trading,

Masterrmind.........

--- 帖子 #1412 ---
Should hit that level soon enough provided the bulls remain at bay.

Since your level is so close to the 1.48 handle I'd be tempted to use that as your TP but your call.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1413 ---
Maybe a better idea yes... that avoids the bull emotional level of a round number-- although that level from previous experience seems to not really be respected. Still think its a good idea however as want to close before weekend.

Will you be holding cycle through the weekend or closing out tonight?

--- 帖子 #1414 ---
Yes I just closed out some of my top end entries for profit as well as reducing the account exposure.

DD under control.

I've reduced a lot of the exposure and the cycle is well and truly net positive after taking profit from those big shorts up the top end so the plan is to watch PA over the next few hours and then make a decision based on what I see at that time.

I'll also consider removing the Expert from the chart as I don't have the intention to add more shorts to the cycle.

Simply manage the trades still running and close out as many as I can.

Masterrmind..........

--- 帖子 #1415 ---
I have begun scaling down also..

Enjoy the weekend and I'll be back (trading partner) on Monday 😊

ps- Congrats on reaching 150,000! I'll be there too soon

--- 帖子 #1416 ---
Cheers and have a great weekend.

Positive spirit is what we all need.

Always welcome here.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1417 ---
EA

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Just a few 'big' shorts at the top of the cycle as shown generated a net positive cycle on such a small pullback.

ps. not to mention I have to contend with a 7.4 pip spread .... ouch!!

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1418 ---
EA

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Last of the short trades still running.

Expert removed from the chart so manual approach from this point forward.

Will be looking to close out several trades once price drops below the 1.48 handle ... if it does.

Failing that I may thin out the trades and only leave a few to run over the weekend (the less the better).

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1419 ---
Ahh this cycle really doesn't want to play ball, do you reckon its worth it to carry on chasing it??

--- 帖子 #1420 ---
It makes you wonder sometimes.

Certainly don't want the bulls to come back with strength and drive it up higher.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1421 ---
You continuing to open new positions or holding?..

--- 帖子 #1422 ---
Good stuff MM. What is your opinion on the spreadsheet posted in the original Quantum London thread that has 80 levels?

--- 帖子 #1423 ---
yeah mate, strategies like this work well in ranging markets. One can get away with it for months or even years, but it only takes one big breakout to ruin it all.

But it sure is a good way to impress a forum of 99% losing traders for a while. Nuff said.

--- 帖子 #1424 ---
You know what they say about assumptions?

I've read every single page. And who said I have all the wisdom? I simply questioned your sizing as it appeared far too aggressive and you get all defensive. Learn to take some constructive feedback and maybe you'll become less assumptive.

--- 帖子 #1425 ---
So, what will be the best sizing?

I hear you were making constructive criticism, lol

--- 帖子 #1426 ---
The choice of the number of levels applied and the lot sizing will need to be based on several factors including but not limited to the following:

1. traders risk tolerance,

2. account size,

3. account balance to lot size ratio

4. historical average trading ranges

5. historical average number of Quantum boxes generated

6. trading window slot

7. pair(s) traded

8. TF traded (M1, M5 etc)

9. Initial Quantum value

10. Quantum dynamic modification (if and when required)

11. other trading factors

There is no guarantee that a given number of levels will work smoothly or create nasty DD issues in the future.

So I tend to think that a 'best fit' approach is the only option.

One thing is certain though and that is the larger the account size ratio and the smaller the lots applied the 'safer' the approach.

However this comes at the cost of generating less profit.

Traders choice as always.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1427 ---
Holding ...........

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1428 ---
Another uninformed individual who knows little to nothing about this method or my purpose.

Its not the strategy that works or fails its the trader in the end and how well they control risk!

If you read the thread from start to finish [and you definitely have not!] you would soon realize that the QAM strategy is my own little attempt to show that a small (very small) trading account can grow into a much larger account over time applying the Quantum concept.

This is meant to be a challenge since a very large account is the best way to trade Quantum.

It is a trading journey (my own journey) that others are welcome to follow if they wish.

It is transparent ... I show a TE and I also show a myfxbook so all the trading history is available.

So it is a live running test if you like and I never said it will work or that I will hit the big 1M.

But you know what ... I'm going to give it my utmost effort.

This has nothing to do with showing off and besides everything is visible so no deception here!

I'd like to think that other like-minded traders can gain something valuable from the good, the bad and the ugly parts shown in this attempt.

Ranging markets are ideal at least you got that right!

A breakout DOES NOT ruin it at all!

Breakouts produce the entries that I need to form huge cycles for huge pip counts especially true for the current account configuration.

Lack of decisive trader input is what ruins it and definitely NOT a breakout.

ps. I hope that one day you will move out of the 99% group!

pps. the greater the negativity from people like you the more determined I become so thanks for that at least.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1429 ---
Offer a realistic solution in that case and not just a bold statement tainted with negativity.

Masterrmind..........

--- 帖子 #1430 ---
I can't wait for the solution to be posted by our learned friend [FlipFlopGC] considering that the right side of the chart is missing ........

Surely he won't try to use hindsight to get the perfect fit .... or will he?

As I posted earlier the EA PLS cycle was an example cycle traded live in the market and on a Friday too without any modification except a 10 times lot multiplier to match my account.

Lets see what he thinks is the best sizing?

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1431 ---
Welcome to the start of a new trading week.

FF News Calendar (GMT +10):

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Time to start searching for an Asian session cycle(s).

ps. Keep in mind that I still have part of the EA PLS cycle still running with 29 shorts so DD needs to be monitored.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1432 ---
I also have an EA cycle going since last week. My DD is still microscopic at 0.11 USD. (eleven cents).

I have room for more cycles tonight while keeping an eye on EA.

--- 帖子 #1433 ---
With DD like that it becomes a very 'relaxing' way to trade.

Current DD on my EA cycle is 3.68%.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

ps. becomes obvious now how important it was to close out those large lot entries when I did in the red zone on the chart after a small pullback ... taking profit ... otherwise the DD now would be quite a bit higher.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1434 ---
If I do add additional entries to the EA cycle they will all be at 0.5 lots.

Whilst the EA PLS cycle is active any additional cycles added today will most likely be CLS type during the Asian session.

Depending on cycle(s) progress today, a PLS cycle might be applied in the FF/LO session but its far too early to tell at this stage.

A trader does not want to over-commit on cycles and allow the DD to become 'excessive' otherwise fear will start to enter the equation!

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1435 ---
NJ & EJ short cycles started. CLS on both.

--- 帖子 #1436 ---
GJ (CLS) cycle set.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1437 ---
I would have taken 2 CLSs as well however with the PLS still in play decided to play it 'safe' and add only one.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1438 ---
NJ & EJ short cycles now closed in profit.  Another 33.x pips in the bank.

EA cycle from last week still going.

--- 帖子 #1439 ---
Great work!

More pips added to the total.

ps. I'm still in my cycles.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1440 ---
GJ

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

1 short cycle closed out.

+199.1 pips!

ps. 1 short was not triggered .... why would that be?

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1441 ---
No additional PLS cycle will be added today since the EA PLS cycle is still running currently with just over 5% floating DD.

So my attention will be on applying or reducing trades in the EA PLS cycle.

Masterrmind........... :nerd:

--- 帖子 #1442 ---
That short would not have opened in a good place in relation to everything else around it.

I started a quick cycle on EJ. Really starting to like EJ lately.

--- 帖子 #1443 ---
The short that didn't open was due to a change in Expert settings from 40 to 100 after the 2nd last short was made.

Price simply didn't go high enough to trigger a Q 100 entry signal.

You can see on the chart where the trending line was not connected through the 2nd last short.

The JPY pairs will certainly give out plenty of good cycles and EJ is one of them .... GJ is a bit more volatile but its a good one too ... most of the time.

ps. Lets see some major pips for you from EJ.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1444 ---
EA [PLS]

5 by 0.5 lot shorts added.

Masterrmind.........

--- 帖子 #1445 ---
Hi Mastermind,

Thank you for providing the cheatsheet.

I would appreciate if you share your experience in terms of points: 5. 9. and 10.

--- 帖子 #1446 ---
5.

a) Choose a preferred pair, TF and Quantum number eg EA [M1; 300]

b) On the EA chart with the correct trading window applied (eg FF-1 through to NY Open), tabulate (in Excel preferably) all the cycles both short and long noting the Q count over a desired period of sessions (eg 20 or 40 or 60 etc). You can note cycle count per day if you are keen but not necessary.

c) Determine the max and the average Q count

d) Tabulate (in Excel) the trading session range, Q cycle range (pip range max from 1st entry through to closure to gain an appreciation)

9. Choice of Quantum number to be applied in the PLS session such as Q=300 noted in point 5 (above).

10. This is really more to do with actively managing the cycle once it is started and not relying purely on the first choice of Quantum since a failure to adjust Q can and may lead to losses either as trades or as a cycle net loss.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1447 ---
EA

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

5 shorts @ 0.5 lots a piece closed out for a total of just over 100 pips.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1448 ---
Another wonderful day in the life of Forex trading.

Lets seek out a suitable pair(s) to trade.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1449 ---
Greetings sir!

I have 2 active cycles (EA & EJ). Still plenty of room on the account.

I'll be looking for entries on GJ tonight. Others seem to have a fat spread tonight for some reason. Maybe its just my broker.

--- 帖子 #1450 ---
Yes the spread can be a real issue and needs to be considered before taking any cycle.

Especially if the plan is to take smaller TPs.

You can really notice it on a smaller trading range pair say at the start of the day when you have the bid and ask lines running on your chart.

The spread on my charts is horrendous and it actually reduces the profit or forces a trader to take TPs 7-10 pips further for the same gain.

I know the difference this creates between the cent account (huge spread) and my other ECN accounts for the exact same cycles closed out by the Expert .... the difference is huge.

So I know that the gain on my cent account would be alot higher if it was being traded ECN style ... but its not so I have to deal with it..... grrrr.

The lower the spread in the smaller trading range sessions the better.

Watch the spread like a hawk!

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1451 ---
Looking to trade EJ shortly but an [M1; 200] setup

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1452 ---
EURJPY [M1; 200 - MN 208; CLS 0.2]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

ps. buy stops and at market manual entries may be applied depending on PA.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1453 ---
CLS cycles from this point forward will be traded @ 0.2 lots per entry.

PLS cycles may commence at lower lots depending on the pair and the setup.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1454 ---
EJ

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Collecting entries on an M1 TF and running nicely at this stage.

ps. HH - LL gap is about 60 pips at present.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1455 ---
On second thought; I decided to look after my already open cycles instead of starting new ones tonight. Plenty of room on the account but I am still getting to know my way around these longer term cycles.

--- 帖子 #1456 ---
Better to take it very slowly at the start and ease your way into larger cycles gradually.

Set yourself a realistic goal such as 50+% gain on your current account and then start to increase lot sizes gradually.

If you do this in a gradual process you'll find that you develop a buffer profit that you can use as a safety net for the time (hopefully not) that losses are made from an unexpected larger higher lot cycle.

If things run smoothly though you will see a small account really start to grow and all you might need to do is simply increase lot sizes ever so slightly.

There is no rush afterall and in any case it needs to be a slow building process where you get familiar with trading these cycles over time including a few nasty cycles where you might have to trim some trades for losses.

It is not a set and forget method that is forsure ... unless you start applying >>100K with small lots then it is a completely different business!

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1457 ---
EJ

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Closed out manually for +63.1 pips.

ps. no real need to close out the cycle early but in the interests of keeping the profit ticking over I did.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1458 ---
PLS Cycle just prior to Frankfurt Open (FF-1 hour) may be traded today.

I will be looking to trade a PLS cycle today provided the DD on the current EA cycle remains close to where it is now and certainly less than 5% DD.

Hope to see those interested at GMT 5.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1459 ---
The AJ pair will be traded today using a PLS cycle.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

It should be noted that this PLS is slightly more aggressive than the one I traded the other day mainly in the initial levels using 0.2 then 0.4 lots.

ps. the idea of trading currencies either directly related or not related to a session can be explored.

pps. current floating DD of about 3.2% is noted and needs to monitored.

ppps. I am yet to post a PLS based on historical considerations (still waiting for our friend FlipFlopGC to post his sequence ... ) so until that happens I'll apply an example one making this PLS an example as well.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1460 ---
What is your decision making process when choosing pairs?  I find this thread interesting because it uses a component of my overall trading strategy in that this is a mean reverting system. I also like that you are making an effort to actively manage drawdown and not just blindly depending on your EA.

--- 帖子 #1461 ---
Choosing the pair on this type account may be very different from the choice of pair on another type of account.

1. Consider active pairs already running and current floating DD

2. Search pair correlations usually on H4 and D1 to gain an appreciation plus a possible choice of pair for a given direction

3. Hedging considerations

4. Spread impact

5. Forced cycle direction (ie short or long on a new cycle can be forced if desired or simply allow the market to make the choice for you)

6. Currencies that are directly related to the trading session

7. Volatility expectations

8. other factors

But the choice today on the AJ pair was that its an example PLS cycle.

However, correlation factors, spread, HH-LL current range, news impact (if any) and relationship to the current EA cycle were all considered.

I actually looked to trade the EA pair as a PLS but opted out after deciding on AJ.

Risk control and management is the big factor I have brought to the table as in the past it was not really strictly controlled in other Quantum trading methods.

Of course I should make a very important point right now and that is that backup funds should be available to increase free margin if needed.

My attempt at growing the current account will be more geared towards relying on the current account balance only however, in an emergency situation I will consider adding in several times the account balance to soak up any DD and recover the account with any means possible.

I much prefer to handle the DD issues without depositing additional funds into the account as this shows a more pure approach to the ultimate goal.

The EA is simply an effective assistant and will never replace the trader in my view (certainly not me anyway) because there will always be times when a trader needs to adjust or modify or simply think outside the box that an EA might struggle to accomplish.

Actively monitoring, adjusting and controlling the floating DD on the account is key!

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1462 ---
EA

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Looking to add in some shorts .......

ps. important to realize that my global bias on this pair is actually to the upside not down so getting out of this short cycle would be ideal.

pps. the plan is to look for opportunities where shorts can be added to generate profit on shallow pullbacks in PA.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1463 ---
AJ

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

1st long in progress.

Floating DD on account has crept up to about 4.2% so I'll have to keep a close watch on that as trading continues.

ps. if it means having to cut some trades then so be it.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1464 ---
EA

5 shorts @ 0.5 lots added ........

ps more to be added should price continue up as I have allocated 5 per Fib level to spread them out as simple as that!

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1465 ---
The AJ PLS cycle might have to have the lot sequence reduced (less aggressive) but this will depend on how the DD behaves.

Masterrmind........... :nerd:

--- 帖子 #1466 ---
AJ

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Closed out cycle (<13 entries so a CLS cycle only) manually.

+94.1 pips.

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #1467 ---
EA

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

2 sets of 5 shorts for a total of 10 entries @ 0.5 lots were added.

Lets see this unwind.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1468 ---
EJ Cycle closed after about 25 hours.

Some of the first few, smaller trades were lost; but the net overall result for the cycle is about +64 green pips when the outcome of all individual trades is added up.

Large EA cycle from last week still going.

--- 帖子 #1469 ---
There are a few ways to trade the cycles.

You can either close out the cycle when its net positive in the case of CLS and PLS cycles.

Or wait for CLS cycle to turn net positive or all the trades to turn positive and close it out.

Or wait for PLS cycle to turn net positive and then close it out as soon as you feel that price might reverse back on you.

Or for huge massive producing PLS cycles wait until every trade is positive ... these are huge gainers but you need to be very patient as you would with a CLS cycle with all winning trades but the PLS takes far more patience not because of the distance price has to move (as its identical to CLS) but because once you see how the profit starts to really accelerate on the returning leg to total profit its hard not to close it out for 2, 3, 5% gain instead of a final gain of 10-20% depending on the lot progression applied.

Later I'll show one of these huge PLS gainers that produce all winning trades from 40+ levels but its hard to say when such a cycle will occur.

The trouble with showing one as a live example is the danger of missing out on nice profit before price decides to head back in the opposite direction and erase those potential and possible gains.

When you get to this stage you'll see what I mean ... you start seeing 3% profit and you want to close it out to get that profit ... its a natural thing to do and it takes a lot of control to resist the urges and the issue with price changing direction and wiping away that profit ... difficult!

Given enough time it will show its face ... that is forsure!

Great that the EJ finally closed out for you and pips are pips they all add to the total.

In this account I have had cycles of trades last for weeks so a few days is not too bad....

My EA cycle is still going too ..... but I'm very patient so I'm ok to wait ... it gives me time to work out my next move in the market.

ps. I would like to start seeing an all time return in your signature as double digit please .....

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1470 ---
I am in complete agreement!

And yes, I can see the dynamics of how a large, long-term cycle (in addition to trader patience) could yield tremendous profits under proper circumstances. In my case, the mechanics of the cycle seem easier than the patience part. It would certainly take a lot for me not to close while in that kind profit. I need to work a lot on that patience part anyway so this should be good practice.

I am hoping for a good deal of pips from this monster EA cycle. If all of the trades on this cycle were allowed to turn positive before the cycle is closed out it would be a mountain of pips. But like you stated, it will take not only a decent move on the part of the market, but a ton of patience from the driving trader.

The first trade on the EA cycle is 294 pips in the red at the time of this writing and all the others follow closely with decreasing number of negative pips. Its worth noting that this EA cycle is running a very aggressive form of PLS (x2) but I also allow a larger distance between trades. Each new trade on the cycle is 2x the size of the previous and I start increasing immediately. (Do not try this at home!!!) I never thought Id be happy about how many pips under I am. But in a way I am because my account is barely bothered by these small units even given the enormous DD in pips. Now it is a matter of turning the dial ever so slowly and carefully.

I have barely gotten my account to touch the 0.07% mark on the margin gauge (where 100% represents a margin call) /$ 0.27 floating DD and that is with 2 active cycles both with their own different but aggressive forms of PLS and a collective -1000 pips or so into draw down at maximum load between all trades.

I feel comfortable moving the decimal point over one place to the right on new cycles from here on.

I also see the benefit of opening cycles during the Asian session where they tend to be brief when compared to these last few that I have carried. I know they will not always be that way but I do notice the trend there.

In the future I feel gravity towards a hybrid PLS cycle where the first handful of trades are opened during the start of the Asian session and are all the same size and fairly close to each other (like the Expert opens now). If the cycle turns profitable in short order that is the end. If the cycle turns into a longer term cycle, at that time PLS would begin and the trades would be placed further away from each other from that point on in order to cover a larger chart geography. (Probably reflecting closer to the originally recommended PLS.)

On another note. Under my current schedule the start of the Asian session is about 1.5 to 2 hours before my rest time. I dont need a lot of sleep, 6 or so hours is enough for me. However, I feel like I miss out on some of the best action because of it. Therefore, I am looking into adjusting that so that I can actively manage cycles longer into the Asian session and throughout their development. It is becoming clear that is the time I need to be available to manage them.

Also, thus far, doing this manually does result in less trades but I think after getting to know your trading platform options well and putting in nominal practice time, it can certainly be done manually in my opinion.

Cheers Masterrmind! Thank you again for sharing this method and on to the next phase!

--- 帖子 #1471 ---
Mastermind,

Can you please advise which EA is the one you are using among the pictured ones?
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Thank you.

--- 帖子 #1472 ---
Yes sounds like your right into the thick of it now.

Once you do start increasing those lot sizes be careful because they can bite back if you're not careful.

The big push up on EA is great to see and has allowed stages of 0.5 lot entries to be applied.

I'm not even remotely concerned at this stage since previous DD on this account has been just under 29% and currently its about 18%.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Best part is you can trade the pair from either direction if you wish as long as the DD doesn't consume your account .... it is possible afterall!

Lets see how this EA cycle turns out its got multiple lot entries from 0.1 to 0.5 over 64 trades.

Nothing hidden in this attempt!

ps. the profit is built up for a reason which is to absorb some of the DD but once the growth drops closer to the 0 mark then its time to act.

pps. there is no need to wait until the 0 mark by the way that just happens to be the way I'm running this account at the moment.

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #1473 ---
The 1st one but note that I also use several of the ones listed plus other versions not listed.

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #1474 ---
New cycles opened on AJ and EJ.

--- 帖子 #1475 ---
Sounds good but also consider cycles of pairs that are positively and negatively correlated from one another.

If you choose 2 pairs that are positively correlated then its possible to have DD increase as one pair moves in a similar direction as the other.

This could mean that applying only the 1 pair would be sufficient with slightly higher lot sizing.

Something to be aware of though is that correlation between pairs can change over time and it also varies depending on the TF of interest which means the positive correlation between AU + Gold for example, may swing wildly in percentage terms from a H1 to a H4 to D1 time frame.

The pair choice is not really a major concern provided the account can handle the DD but the pair choice can be a very big concern when DD starts to escalate into uncomfortable levels.

When the DD enters the "nasty" zone then a pair choice becomes important because what you are trying to achieve is eventually an offset in the floating DD.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1476 ---
AUDJPY + EURJPY correlation

H1 TF

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

H4 TF

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

D1 TF

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Source: myfxbook

Masterrmind............ :nerd:

--- 帖子 #1477 ---
So although one pair versus another pair might be positively correlated most of the time it is certainly not all the time.

Its a bit like predicting that the JPY currency will remain super strong over the next several days whilst the AUD and EUR currencies are very weak.

Ability of the account to handle DD and applying risk measures always needs to form a big part of the equation to accommodate for uncertainty.

And we all know that the market place is filled with enormous uncertainty!

Masterrmind............ :nerd:

--- 帖子 #1478 ---
Understood. I realized this a bit late.

Well, lets see what happens.

Account now touching the 0.09% mark. Still not bothering the account much.

--- 帖子 #1479 ---
EA - update

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Current DD suggests to me that no additional cycles will be immediately traded today.

However, should DD reduce then additional cycles may be traded.

Lets see!

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1480 ---
I like your approach to the cycles you are starting with very tiny lot sizes and this is what everyone should do that trades QAM.

Get used to the cycles unfolding and become familiar with their development over time.

Then slowly set out to increase position sizes and the profit will take care of itself.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1481 ---
EA - update

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

If price continues down and the next lower clusters of higher lot trades start turning positive the DD will very quickly evaporate.

Lets see!

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1482 ---
From a technical perspective, I'd be surprised if EURAUD didn't retrace some of this 600+ pip move starting from last week. Quite the run up so far with no real retracement yet.

What's your exit theory? Are you looking to exit at b/even or for a profit?

--- 帖子 #1483 ---
Mastermind,

Your advice on controlling DD is timely.

If DD reaches a critical stage, what kind of hedges should be used and at what stage of DD?

Example: short GBPJPY spot

If I have shorted it and the DD has reached say 20%.

What factors should I consider when hedging?

Should I buy GBPJPY futures since FIFO platform doesn't permit hedging in same currency?

or USDJPY spot?

or GBPUSD?

or EURJPY?

--- 帖子 #1484 ---
Price always manages to make some form of a retracement even when the trend is very strong but whether its a deep or shallow pullback is not known until after the fact however we can form expectations.

EA cycle management:

1. Monitor the PA and be patient by allowing the higher price entry trades (AKA higher lot entries) to make an impact on reducing DD

2. Current DD is not an issue at around the 10% level so if price heads up higher I'll consider entering more shorts but not if price only moves 10 pips it needs to be 'significant' in terms of distance which can either be a handle such as the 150 level or a Fib ratio in confluence with other factors.

3. It is tempting to close out that last group of 10 by 0.5 lot entries I placed for immediate profit and then should price rise up I simply enter a series of shorts once again.

4. My biggest concern currently is a major push above the 150 handle and especially the 151 handle when a continued up trend through to my earlier prediction of price hitting the 153.500 level could occur. Clearly I do not want to be in shorts all the way up to that level from current price since the DD would be 'overpowering'.

5. Some closures of shorts at a loss could occur although the lower entry shorts are at the lowest lot sizing (0.1 lots) and therefore can handle a far greater move in price compared to the 0.5 lot entries.

6. Trade management in action but I'm not concerned about DD until say it hits the 30% level (on a much larger account balance on this same account I would probably set a limit on the maximum floating DD but I'll outline that much later when its decision time) then its action stations.

7. Certainly looking to exit at a good profit (recall that stages of profit taking have already occurred in this cycle) rather than BE but the market will have an influence on that too.

8. Other influence of trading factors including news impacts and expectations are constantly being made on a continual basis.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1485 ---
I would need a lot more specific information than what you have provided to form a realistic opinion related to your situation.

How do you personally define "critical stage"?

What is your risk tolerance? 20% floating DD or more?

Hedging factors depend on how advanced you personally would like to get and what type of a recovery you seek.

If its not personal post more detailed account information here or otherwise PM me and I'll give you a precise approach that I personally would apply.

Chart structure for the current trade would be very ideal before I give any opinion.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1486 ---
Mastermind,

I have started QAM strategy trading with EA.

Should I take profits now that GBP news event is likely?

Any particular criterion I have to follow to take profits?

--- 帖子 #1487 ---
Taking profit is traders choice.

I've always said that if you take profit there is not a lot that you have done wrong.

We all want the greatest slice of a run in a trade but rarely get more than 50% of the move even if you are very good.

In the demo account that you show its best to treat it like a real account and I know you are because of the types of detailed questions you are asking.

Consider trailing your stops or look to take profit at key levels, handles, S+R areas etc etc.

ps I make a decision on a case by case basis after considering all the factors.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1488 ---
Mastermind,

By reading every post of your post, I realised I am doing similar trading and with that experience I can easily relate to your strategy which is far superior. If

I feel I can handle a situation where I can recover from 50% drawdown I will go for it. That is my risk tolerance level.

So far I have not given attention to drawdown management because fx options experience has always provided me a high level of mental comfort.

Example: If GBPJPY hits 26% drawdown, I would resort to option selling and collect premium income to reduce drawdown. It is a case of selling deep in the money covered calls of JPY and getting mentally prepared to transfer underlying (JPY bought) on the expiration day. The loss can be minimised but it will be locked in the event I have to wait for the expiration day.

By shorting GBPJPY I have bought JPY in my account. So I will sell JPY call and buy USD puts. Main reason being margin will be offset partially because of JPY coming into my account. I can split GBPJPY into USDGBP and JPYUSD (not USDJPY) but it creates margin issues. So I will sell only JPY calls.

Somehow that eventuality has somehow never arrived for GBPJPY ( in case of EURUSD quite a few times options have bailed me out) so far and my equity has grown. But I realise if I can take opposite positions I can handle this part as well without having to resort to options. I am always afraid of locking loss if I make a wrong call in liquidating the opposite position (like EURGBP ) which has a negative correlation with GBPJPY. I have not given any thought to using other pairs.

Your QAM strategy appeals to me and I will trade for a couple of months before going live. Having gone through drawdown roller-coaster rides quite a number of times, I am looking forward confidently to this QAM ride and sharpening drawdown management skills.

Thank you again for sharing your research, skills, wisdom and hands-on experience with us. God bless you.

--- 帖子 #1489 ---
[quote=simnz;9138556]{quote}

Hi sir

Whats this indicator . can you post

thanks

--- 帖子 #1490 ---
Thanks for the advice. I took the profits at psychological number of 135.50. It is consolidating at this stage for more than an hour now.

Profits doubled from the earlier time I reported.

Attached Image

I will set up an explorer also to avoid posting results here.

--- 帖子 #1491 ---
[quote=ahhamidz;9138714]
This indicator is not from this forum. So can't post it here.

will send pm.

--- 帖子 #1492 ---
[quote=simnz;9138772]

--- 帖子 #1493 ---
Thanks for the compliments and I hope many traders can gain something beneficial from it in their own trading be it QAM related or not.

There are numerous trading concepts buried in this thread that are useful over a wide range of trading methodologies.

I also trade options on a much larger and separate trading account.

I look forward to seeing how you progress in applying the QAM Method so feel free to post your progress and your questions.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1494 ---
There are no hard and fast rules for taking profit from the market except to trail your stops and allow the market to eventually take you out.

Consolidation zones are ideal for either waiting it out to see how the market eventually reacts or after a period of time simply take the profit.

I think you made the right choice and even if price headed off heavily in your favor after you've closed out do not dwell on it just let it go and be happy with the decision you made ... you made a decision it led to profit ... all good.

Experience certainly plays a role here because I know that having a very good eye for PA can lead to greater profit taking.

However, there will be countless times when you get out of a trade prematurely or you stay in a trade far too long a d give back a fist full of pips.

Train your mind to think that ... I've taken profit from the market its money in the bank so I have not done anything wrong....

Then move onto the next trade.

What I do at the end of every week is look back over my trades and ask a simple little question:

"Could I have managed that trade better at the time?"

If yes ... how? Journal it and attempt to find the reasons why being sure not to repeat similar errors in the future if errors were the reason.

If no ... move onto the next trade setup.

In your situation you've managed to get good profit and closed it out at double what it was before so all good.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1495 ---
Cycles now going on GJ and AN

In addition to last week's EA which is still going.

--- 帖子 #1496 ---
No additional trades or cycles to be added today due to current account DD and likely volatility in the markets today due to news.

Trades may be added or deleted based on movements of price.

Currently 13.70% DD.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

FF News Calendar (GMT +10)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1497 ---
You really are getting into these cycles.

Should see plenty of movement in the price of several pairs today so be sure to monitor your account DD.

Pip making day!

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #1498 ---
I am hooked!  I look forward to this time every day now.

Thank you!

--- 帖子 #1499 ---
GJ and AN yielded profits early and I took it. +28 pips. Both cycles now closed ahead of the news.

Only EA cycle active now.

But I will keep scanning for cycles tonight.

--- 帖子 #1500 ---
Taking profit before the news is a great plan as it eliminates risk.

After the dust settles another cycle can be investigated.

I'm staying in so lets see how this AUD data affects the current EA cycle.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1501 ---
News was kind of a mixed bag for AUD but I think a little more bad than good. Let's see how the market reacts.

I have the next 500 pips into DD accounted for on EA.

That cycle is still only putting barely noticeable strain on the account at all at this point.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

On other news... I really should have stayed on those cycles today. Even before the news, they had many more pips to give.

--- 帖子 #1502 ---
I'm sure you'll gather plenty more pips but it can be annoying to learn what could have been after it has happened.

Trading is an interesting business!

ps. yes the AUD came out mixed.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1503 ---
Thought I'd get in on the EURAUD action post news.

Used the EA to open a small cycle and took a very safe target into consideration. Around 130 pip trade.

One question that is semi related to this thread: What's the quickest way to assign the same TP to all trades? I prefer to exit manually but entering the same TP across 10-15 trades+ can be time consuming.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1504 ---
Adjusting TPs (or adjusting stops) over multiple entries can be very time consuming and inefficient.

You can click and drag MT4 TP lines on the chart to new levels but even this becomes a major task as trade entries increase.

What you need to look for is an order adjusting script.

An order adjusting script will allow you to modify all entries to have the same TP or staggered and the same goes for stops.

Masterrmind........... :nerd:

--- 帖子 #1505 ---
Thanks, MM, nearly 8 years of using MT4 and still finding new things.

JPY cycle here.  Quantum set to 250. Again a very conservative exit. My approach is focus on strong currencies (last 4 hours JPY and AUD being the standouts) and trade the (hopeful) retracement to a relative mean point.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1506 ---
Good work on the relative mean terminology.

A conservative exit is fine .... pips in the bank!

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1507 ---
I've relied on mean reversion trading since I learned the approach in 2012 with a prop firm here in Australia.

I've taken that and adapted it to suit my style of trading with FX.

--- 帖子 #1508 ---
Effectively adapting quality knowledge from others and making it your own is a big step towards success.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1509 ---
Mastermind/FlipflopGC

How does mean-reversion knowledge help quantum trading?

I have been trading directionless fx futures options trading of eurusd because of the range-trading tendency of the pair.

What is the difference between range and mean reversion approach?

I have set up trade explorer for QAM strategy trading.
http://www.forexfactory.com/simnz#acct.47

--- 帖子 #1510 ---
In a nutshell, in a very basic format, price will always return to the mean (given enough time). The trick is mastering the potential drawdown and knowing when to cut losses/winners. I started off with a product called the 10:10 spread which was the 10year AUS bond vs 10 year US Tnote. You could create a synthetic product and chart it and we were to trade it back to the mean when it broke out.

Quantum trading is taking trades once price makes fresh high/lows over a predetermined period of time and I have spent the last 9 months learning to adapt it to suit my own personal style of trading which is fading breakouts and bringing back to a mean point.

Everyone is different, MM trades it in a different format but clearly has had success in his own method too.

--- 帖子 #1511 ---
Today's trades on EURAUD today. Total of 18 trades for 280.5 pips. It's been a good day with it bouncing off key levels compared to one way direction for most of the last week.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1512 ---
USDJPY trades today, 28 in total for 333 pips. Again, JPY very favourable for these sorts of trades. You can see I missed some good upside but equally it allowed me to get short a few times to maximise the moves.

More than likely done until after BOE decision.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1513 ---
FlipFlopGc,

Thank you for sharing your strategy.

In such intense 1m Quantum trading, how do you measure potential drawdown and if the adverse positions are triggered how do you manage them?

Do you instruct EA to only do sell or buy positions as part of fading out breakouts?

Can you please share your setfile settings for the EA?

Are all the currency pairs good for your style of trading?

Which ones during your 9 months testing have posed severe drawdown challenges?

Nine months is a good learning time and if you can share the lessons learned it will be helpful to traders like me.

Mastermind is an intellectual powerhouse and provides action-packed tips. Unfortunately potential forex traders are looking for instant gratification and only those who have patience and are serious to practise can get immense benefit from his ideas and methods.

--- 帖子 #1514 ---
I'm a strong believer in support/resistance and over 8 years of trading I've learnt to trust my judgement and decide where price may stall/have a chance at a reversal. I cross reference higher timeframes and rely on pivot levels for potential areas.

I pick pairs that have a strong individual currency, today being AUD and JPY. Note I didn't trade that cross, instead EURAUD and USDJPY....both low spread pairs with steady movements and not overly correlated. When one leg is strong, invariably price will trend which is the foundation for Quantum trading. Now the double edged sword is when price keeps going as MM has experienced with EURAUD in his short cycle.

Yen pairs in my experience have caused the biggest d/down notably GBPJPY which can frequently move 200-300 pips without breaking sweat, for this reason I tend to avoid large moving Yen crosses and stick with USDJPY when trading a Yen cross. That is to not say I'll never trade GBPJPY but i'd need a very good reason to do so.

Practice, practice, practice and finally, more practice. There is no shortcut with trading and I have put in enormous hours to be where I am today and have sacrificied more than I ever thought in my pursuit of financial freedom. I left my family for 3 months to go to a different city to enter an undergraduate trading program and took on big odds to make the final cut and succeeded.

Best of luck and never stop learning.

--- 帖子 #1515 ---
FllipFlopGC,

Thank you for sharing your experience.

Do you use stop loss ?

Or you wait out for retracement to help you out?

I don't use stop loss and wait for retracement to help me out.

--- 帖子 #1516 ---
No stop when using Quantum, I will hedge in the same pair or look for a correlated pair to leg into if drawdown is getting ugly.

--- 帖子 #1517 ---
EA - update

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Nice move down on this pair to allow for a high lot exit.

+652.3 pips.

ps. taking profit and reducing exposure.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1518 ---
Growth is looking great at this stage just need to keep plodding along.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1519 ---
Tokyo Open

DD on the account has tamed somewhat so I'll be looking to add in a cycle or 2 today.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1520 ---
FF News Calendar (GMT +10)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1521 ---
AJ (CLS cycle)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

CLS cycles will be traded at a minimum of 0.2 lots unless otherwise stated.

If DD is seen to be on the 'higher side' of a currently running cycle as in EA in this case then a CLS of 0.1 lots may be applied including a limit on entries.

A combination of Expert + manual entries is highly likely throughout the course of the day.

ps. initial settings in the Expert are for a TP = 100 pips and a Stop = 300 pips per entry but depending on PA etc these can and will be varied if necessary. It should be noted that I monitor every cycle on every pair and will make adjustments if required.

pps. the objective is to ensure that cycles are at least net positive.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1522 ---
AJ

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

4 additional manual entries applied at 0.2 lots a piece for a current total of 6 entries (2 from Expert).

This was to simply match up with previous Q box numbers having been generated.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1523 ---
EG short cycle started.

--- 帖子 #1524 ---
GJ (CLS 0.2)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

CLS cycle started but will be very closely monitored.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1525 ---
If you have nice tight spread then you'll have very good cycles on this pair in general (likewise for EURCHF)

Unfortunately the type of account I'm using has unfavorable spread to trade those pairs when matched to generally lower trading ranges.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1526 ---
AJ

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Closed out early manually.

+72.4 pips.

ps. Expert has now been pulled from the chart so only 1 quick cycle on that pair today (last trading day of the week)

pps. GJ pending cycle still in action with trades yet to be opened.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1527 ---
EURAUD providing some pips again. 185 pips total. Slightly cautious of taking any long cycles as there is plenty of room down below, I've switched off the EA until we get down to 1.4920-30 area and will build a position from there if it goes lower. Happy to attack it from the short side if it pops up again.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1528 ---
Go the volatiles!

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1529 ---
GJ

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Finally in on a trade but this pair will only be for the single cycle too.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1530 ---
If I didn't have the EA cycle running I would have probably traded an M1 TF with Q=200 during the Asian session and looked to trade 2 pairs.

This will certainly be the case going forward.

However, under current conditions it's best to use an M5 TF due to a generally lower frequency of entries.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1531 ---
PLS Cycle today

I plan to trade a mild PLS cycle later today closer to FF Open but the final decision will be based on the account DD at that time.

Lets see!

Masterrmind........... :nerd:

--- 帖子 #1532 ---
GJ

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Closed out for 11.3 pips on the 1 short just above mid-S.

No point in holding on longer as the PA on GJ today is rather docile (lack of data floating around etc) so ended the cycle.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1533 ---
PLS cycle

Searching now ........

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1534 ---
Mastermind,

Do you have any EA for PLS cycle trading?

The one suggested by you is quite efficient for CLS.

Does the PLS EA print it? And what does MN510 refers to?

Attached Image

Thanks

--- 帖子 #1535 ---
EURJPY [M1; 300 - MN 508; PLS]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Range lots .... [0.2 through 10]

Note well: If no trades have opened within the 1st hour of London Session then I may cease the cycle (ie by GMT 8).

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1536 ---
Hi simnz,

In the zip folder of supplied EA's you will find an EA tagged with the ending "Simple Version".

Quantum London Trading EA v1.6.1 Simple Version <> use this EA if you wish as you can apply different settings to every lot size of trades up to #41 and then all trades after #42 at constant lot size based on your input.

If you plan to use the same settings regularly then I advise to save it as a template for future use.

Keep a tpl for say the Asian trading window of your choice and one for London etc.

There is no difference between a CLS and a PLS Expert traded here

A PLS is simply an increasing lot sequence applied by the user in the EA settings whereas the CLS has all lot size settings constant (same lot size eg 0.2 lots for every trade ever opened by the Expert).

Here is a view of the EJ PLS lot settings but perhaps unlikely to trigger all these although you never really know:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Note: this PLS is an example sequence and has not been derived from any historical analysis whatsoever, so be careful applying it!

MN = Magic Number

If you trade more than 1 pair it can be crucial that the magics are different.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

If cycles trade over multiple days and weeks then the trader must keep an up to date readily available list of current magic numbers being applied to which pairs.

If you forget and some time in the future you open a fresh cycle which is the same as a currently running cycle and you mistakenly apply the same MN then the Expert will close out every single trade on the trading account denoted by that particular MN based on the Quantum exit criteria.

In a worse case scenario it means that if say 100 trades were running on an older cycle they could very very easily be closed out prematurely for total loss!

Please keep a list and never apply them incorrectly ... you can get burnt!

Ok I think I covered that well enough.

ps. If you have further questions please ask because I don't want to learn later that this has happened to a trader ....

Good trading,

Masterrmind............. :nerd:

--- 帖子 #1537 ---
EJ - update

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #1538 ---
EJ - update

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

13 longs now in the cycle.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1539 ---
EJ - update

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

A 10 pip pullback is all it takes to reach BE from about a 37 pip range from 1st entry to 22nd entry.

The downside is the building of potentially dangerous DD.

If price continues to push back towards the DO line the gain accelerates since the 'big lots' are ta the bottom of the chart.

That's the power of these PLS cycles.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1540 ---
EJ - update

Q modified to 400 just to keep the exit level above the 1st or highest priced entry.

Masterrmind............ :nerd:

--- 帖子 #1541 ---
EJ - update

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Closed out several of the bigger lot entries at NY Open.

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #1542 ---
I've got a long cycle on EURAUD around the 1.4930 area, can see this coming down to 1.4875 area so will likely get quite a few trades in....question will be do I get the chance to exit for a profit???

--- 帖子 #1543 ---
I'll be looking to load up on EA longs around the 1.4850 level and all the way down to 1.4700 if price complies.

Price is moving nicely to the downside at the moment though which is ideal for my EA shorts but still there is a bit of chart structure to overcome.

The volatiles will always comply with multiple entries ... your wish is certain to be granted.

Monitor your risk and the profit will follow.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1544 ---
EJ - update

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Several more higher lot entries building the cycle again.

ps. Q modified to 600.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1545 ---
EJ - update

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Another high lot cluster of trades closed out.

13 long entries remain.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1546 ---
I am wondering about the PLS cycles. It would appear that the larger the cycle the greater the risk, but the greater the risk, the greater the reward. Has this been your experience?

Would closing out cycles early cut your overall return?

--- 帖子 #1547 ---
EA

10 trades closed out for profit.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1548 ---
My EA cycle has entered overall profitable territory briefly for the first time since opening last week. The big task now is to avoid closing it too early. I would love for it to dip just below 1.47000 and touch my TP with all trades in positive but I may be asking too much of it. We'll see. If it has to remain open another weekend, so be it.

--- 帖子 #1549 ---
Precisely right!

Usually I try to allow them a bit of room to develop but its the end of the week and I'm programmed to minimize as many trades as possible heading into the weekend to limit risk on the trading account.

I do let trades run over the weekend though from time to time but prefer to limit it as much as possible subject to leverage being used and other factors.

The way I'm trading the EJ high lot cycles is quite simplistic actually but takes notice of the PA.

I'm allowing the Expert to open trades and as soon as price offers a small pullback I'm closing those trades for profit and the profit is quite high relative to constant lot sequence.

This is what I've called closing out high lot clusters of trades.

I attempt to repeat this process as I've shown on the EJ PLS today.

Cutting out these high lot trades early most certainly reduces the overall return and significantly however, at this end of the week I prefer to close out clusters of high lot trades for quick profitable gains that also reduce longer term exposure in the market.

Imagine if price decides to trend away at the end of the week it will mean the DD increases and potentially multiple higher lot trades left over the weekend with potential gapping issues.

Earlier in the week I might have a different plan altogether and I do plan to show a 40+ level PLS cycle that is taken all the way to profit on every entry but this is not without risk.

Masterrmind.......

--- 帖子 #1550 ---
That's the spirit and provided your account has plenty of available margin give the trades every chance possible.

Sometimes the temptation is there to try and make you close out early but your situation is slightly different from my EJ cycles in that yours have been running for a longer period of time and endured far more DD I would think so why not try to gain a decent reward.

Not asking too much is it?

Lets see what the market has to say about that shall we!

PLS if carefully managed and allowed to run on can really accelerate the growth but the DD can bite very hard if not controlled.

There will come a time I assure you that trades will need to be closed out for loss to prevent DD reaching critical levels.

This is what we all need to control.

Masterrmind.........

--- 帖子 #1551 ---
There is indeed plenty of room on the account and I do want to see more pips from this than just BE after enduring all that DD.

I have thought through what I would do if a cycle just went wildly out of control. You are correct, the first few trades will have to be closed at loss. That would result in some relief of DD pressure and allow the price room to move further down the cycle (hopefully finding exhaustion). I think of this option as "cutting-off the tail" of the cycle. If one is using moderation in the lot sizes, this will pose less of a problem and also be less likely in general.

If PLS is being used, those first trades would be the smallest ones anyway. Also, depending on the flavor of PLS used, the BE line will be somewhere closer to the last few bigger trades, as you pointed out, requiring a much smaller pull-back to provide a break-even scenario.

Another option would be a recovery trade. A relatively large* trade placed manually at a reversal point (+ some luck) could also bring the runaway cycle to a more graceful close. Being aware of course that if this doesn't work it could make things much worse. So it is, in my perspective, a last resort approach but one that, if you are good at reading candles and reversals, can help.

I think PLS should be enough to get one out of most sticky situations.

* Relatively large only in relation to the previous trades. Still operating within the low risk profile.

--- 帖子 #1552 ---
It would be useful to discuss the PLS BE point in a little more depth including several examples even if these examples are hindsight or theoretical.

Such examples with varying PLS lot sizing would also be useful including a relationship to account balance.

Therefore, several detailed examples might be posted here when time permits although it should be noted that there are an infinite number of PLS's with low, medium or high lot sizing matched to small, medium and large account sizes so I'll be able to present only a few.

A trader if interested would then need to develop his or her own PLS system since it is relatively unique.

Good practice is to apply the i-Exposure indicator that I've just started to show at the lower indicator window on my charts.

This is useful for not only 1 cycle being traded but when several cycles are being traded at the same time on the account.

A BE price is clearly shown so you know exactly when Pair A can be closed out for a net positive gain if you needed too and you are aware of how far below or above BE all other cycles are as well.

When a larger type cycle is in progress and in relatively large DD its always a good idea to start searching for zones on the chart that allow for 'higher lot opportunistic' trades. So these are taken as internal higher lot cycles within the typically larger longer running cycle. usually suited more towards a CLS type cycle but can certainly be used for PLS too.

If the account has plenty of margin and you've formed an expectation of the types of levels that price is likely to remain between such as longer term support and resistance levels and key handles then you may not want to add in higher lot entries but simply monitor the cycle and trade it to eventual TP or cut trades as the case may be.

I know in some of the cycles I take that I just 'feel' like letting the current cycle unwind without unnecessarily complicating matters.

Case by case basis and a balancing act between current account DD or taking on more DD for potentially a higher gain.

Choices are difficult sometimes but they have to be made.

In the purest sense of growing an account every opportunity should be explored or applied that potentially could lead to higher gains.

If the objective of the account was to grow it at 1% per week then this would be very different to an account that was chasing 1% per day.

Lower gain might equate to lower pain

Higher gain might equate to higher pain

Great that you are operating in your preferred risk tolerance which is on the low side and this is sensible at this stage of the learning curve.

Once a traders experience grows in these types of cycles then he/she can if they wish start to slowly increase exposure but this is a personal matter and only they know what risk they are prepared to take and for what type of minimum likely gain.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1553 ---
END OF WEEK SUMMARY

EA [H1 Chart]
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

EJ [M1 Chart]
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Current Exposure
Attached Image

Floating DD is currently @ 4.16%

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1554 ---
nice work master

please say what money managment for each step? how can set lot step?

--- 帖子 #1555 ---
Hi sanyax,

Initially very wide stops and a smaller TP is set (usually have no influence on the trades though) but can be adjusted as trading continues ... up to the trader to set.

Cycles can be short term or turn into longer term ones in which case adjustments need to made again for stops and TPs including opportunistic inner high lot cycles with the aim of generating additional profit.

Entry and exits are generally governed by the Expert Advisor based on preferred settings by the user and modified when required to force either net cycles or all positive trades.

Lot step is set in the Expert settings but the PLS determination has not yet been revealed.

Have a read through the thread if you wish and you'll find plenty of information.

ps. I may post the PLS criteria later for an example pair but note that previous PLS cycles have all been crude examples only.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1556 ---
Start of a fresh new trading week.

Although 2 cycles are currently in action (currently @ 3.3%DD) I will be looking for another cycle to trade in the Asian session.

Cycles running are : EURAUD [short cycle] + EURJPY [long cycle]

New cycle: ???

Lets find a suitable pair.

ps. cycle will be a CLS @ 0.2 lots.

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #1557 ---
GBPJPY [M5; 40 - MN 110; CLS 0.2]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Setup for a CLS @ 0.2 lots

ps. manual entries could also be applied depending on progress.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1558 ---
FF News Calendar (GMT +10)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Not a lot of data floating around but that doesn't mean price won't move enough for our cycle.

Lets see!

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1559 ---
GJ - update

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Q modified to 80 to force a greater distance between HH + LL channel.

Will need to be monitored.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1560 ---
GJ - update

Q modified to 100.

Q is being modified even though no trades have been made ... there is a reason for that however due to a rather low volatile trading period and especially as evidenced today you can't be too wide on the HH-LL channel or trades may struggle to even get opened.

Since I have 2 cycles already in action I'm actually in no hurry to have numerous trades opened on the GJ pair so if no trades are opened that's also fine by me. Different story however if GJ was the only cycle being traded I would seek to minimize the channel but taking into consideration the large spread I have to endure on this account.

All factors should always be considered.

ps. I would think that at least a few trades if not more will be opened but if they are not then I will look to trade a small PLS cycle closer to FF Open.

Masterrmind........... :nerd:

--- 帖子 #1561 ---
Great example of how you are monitoring the overall market structure and demonstrating the discretion of the trader is an important aspect of success.

--- 帖子 #1562 ---
Yes indeed its always the discretionary part that separates traders outcomes.

This account has yet to close out multiple trades for loss in an effort to reduce floating DD so until that happens everything on the account looks rosy.

The test for the trader is to survive a very nasty cycle and limit the losses as much as possible.

Stay tuned for that event to occur but I'm not wishing it on myself at all just saying what is likely to occur and that I am very aware of its possibility.

A trader cannot afford to let his/her guard down at all!

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1563 ---
GJ - update

Flat market.

Expert now removed.

Will look to trade a pair under PLS conditions at or around the FF Open.

See you all then.

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #1564 ---
Only pair I'm considering to trade at the moment is AJ but this could be different for other traders with tighter spread and other factors.

I'm not convinced that I will unleash a PLS cycle (could be a manual PLS or Expert cycle) either so its a patience game at the moment.

I suggest waiting until London opens before committing one way or the other.

If I haven't opened up a trade within the first hour of London session then no cycle will be traded and I'll simply wait for better opportunities tomorrow.

Masterrmind........... :nerd:

--- 帖子 #1565 ---
AUDJPY [M1; 400 - Manual; PLS]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Manual only approach starting at 0.2 lots then increasing followed by additional shorts subject to PA.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1566 ---
AJ - update

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Sell Limit orders placed with generous spacings.

Additional entries could be applied whilst others might be deleted all depends on PA.

Very mild PLS manual approach!

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1567 ---
Been very busy on EURAUD! Price has extended further than I'd have liked but using a sensible sizing approach and so far only into 5% drawdown on EURAUD despite starting my cycle at 1.4930 area.

Currently 68 open orders

--- 帖子 #1568 ---
Yes EA is still on a big leg down.

My load-up range for longs as mentioned a few posts back was in the zone 1.4850 down to 1.4700.

However, I do still have several shorts that I'd like to close out sooner rather than later but certainly no DD issue whatsoever at this stage.

Price is now in between these levels so its decision making time very soon.

1.47 handle is where I'd like price to hit but if it doesn't I'll start feeding in some longs since the 1.53500 target is still my key objective and a total of 8000 pips all up.

Lets see!

ps. All the best with your EA cycle and 68 open orders is no problem provided you have heaps of margin ... you do don't you?.... 5% hahaha.

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #1569 ---
Tokyo has just started so my plan is to look for a suitable CLS cycle to trade.

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #1570 ---
Trading looks like it has been going good

--- 帖子 #1571 ---
AJ

2 small shorts closed out for some profit.

ps. several sell limit orders will remain in play unless deleted at a later time.

Masterrmind..........

--- 帖子 #1572 ---
Yes and the plan is to keep it going.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1573 ---
GJ cycle started

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

.... and away we go ....

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1574 ---
GJ - update

Q modified to 100

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1575 ---
GJ

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Manual close all winners ...

Expert removed from chart ...

+63.3 pips.

ps. Looking forward to a PLS cycle around FF Open.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1576 ---
PLS cycle

(pre-London but most likely continuing throughout until completed)

USDJPY [M1; 300 -MN 213; PLS]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Lets get busy!

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1577 ---
UJ

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Closed out manually.

+94.1 pips (via PLS)

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #1578 ---
EJ - update

10 longs @ 1 lot each added.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1579 ---
Due to the current DD on the EJ pair due to some aggressive longs placed yesterday it is unlikely that additional cycles will be traded today.

Both EA and EJ cycles are currently in action but are quite unbalanced so the plan will be to monitor PA and seek to add or reduce trades.

EA [H1 Chart]
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

EJ [H1 Chart]
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1580 ---
No open positions here but happy to remain on the sideline ahead of high impact news later tonight.

--- 帖子 #1581 ---
Should be interesting to see what the BOJ do and whether they can weaken the Yen or will rally hard?

Decisions, decisions!

--- 帖子 #1582 ---
Yes that's certainly a valid option.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1583 ---
This puts my current longs on EJ in an interesting position.

Quick exit or accelerating growth.

One thing for certain is I will be monitoring very very closely.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1584 ---
I'd be of the view of having targets a good 100 pips higher because if they do take the stance of wanting to weaken the Yen, I think it'll fly higher pretty sharply. Conversely it could also fall in a hole. Or be a non event. Haha, think I've covered everything there.

I have a long USDJPY cycle but very conservative and likewise will be monitoring closely.

--- 帖子 #1585 ---
Fairly clear to see why I have loaded up on the EJ longs basically looking towards a JPY weakness by BOJ statement....

But that is not without quite some risk attached so lets see how the market reacts.

Either very nice growth will result from this setup or an X% drop in account growth will occur.

ps. Shorts on the EA pair have now been all closed out.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1586 ---
EJ

Stops under the 112 handle.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Lets see!

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1587 ---
EJ - update

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

5 by 1 lot longs closed out for profit and to reduce exposure.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1588 ---
EJ - update

Continued to siphon off profitable trades as price drives up the chart.

Reducing exposure in the event of a sudden reversal.

Very comfortable position on EJ trades now in terms of profit taken and current floating DD.

Masterrmind.........

--- 帖子 #1589 ---
AJ - update

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

3 Sell Limit orders placed the other day triggered and straight to TP.

Other pendings on AJ deleted out.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1590 ---
Current Account Situation

Only 13 by EJ longs remaining.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

2.01 % gain today

1.01% current floating DD

Masterrmind........

--- 帖子 #1591 ---
USDJPY cycled closed. +964 pips. Took some time and the spike down concerned me but was prepared to cut at -10% equity and never went past 4% drop.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1592 ---
Nice work!

Trading during red news events with cycles like these is not for everyone.

It requires constant monitoring and timely adjustment (when required) by an alert trader.

The 'heat of battle' type trading is far different from 'hindsight' type trading.

It's a balance between floating DD, taking profit or allowing trades to keep running or cutting some for loss.

Both the EJ and UJ cycles turned out well.

Masterrmind..........

--- 帖子 #1593 ---
A suitable PLS cycle will be traded from around GMT 5 to GMT 6 today.

Account growth must continue afterall!

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1594 ---
AU + GU PLS cycles being considered.

I will only be trading one of these pairs initially.

Masterrmind............ :nerd:

--- 帖子 #1595 ---
GU [PLS]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Expert set up and ready for action.

Note: choice of pair could also be determined by proximity of price to either HH or LL levels meaning the closer the faster entries are generated but in my case I've chosen an almost mid-point on the GU pair.

Why would that be?

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1596 ---
EA - Long cycle setup

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

As outlined well in advance on previous posts my load up zone for EA longs was posted as 1.4850 down to the 1.47 handle.

Price is now neatly inside that zone so I will be loading up on long entries once an opportunity to enter becomes valid.

A combination of At Market and Buy Stop type orders are likely to be applied.

ps. well aware that price could also test recent swing lows so this is not a rush in type setup but a patience type approach.

Masterrmind.......... :nerd:

--- 帖子 #1597 ---
GU - update

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

No cycles generated today in this time slot.

Note: If a cycle hasn't opened its first trade within 2-3 hours (between FF-1 hour to LO+1-2 hours) then I'll cancel the cycle for that day.

Masterrmind........... :nerd:

--- 帖子 #1598 ---
hi master you say in this link http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...43#post9124743 for 10k lot you are using 0.01 ok?

and whuch method and with 10k how many symbole can trade? and maybe trade all the day nad not only trade in tokyo session?

and how many profit with month for 10k? you are recive?and please see 20/10/2008 gu yf 5min...1900 pip move price and call ever acc

--- 帖子 #1599 ---
please share ea?

--- 帖子 #1600 ---
Hi sanyax,

The 10K is only a recommendation.

Larger the account the easier it is to withstand DD relative to a small lot size.

With 10K I would still start off trading 1 to 2 pairs and only add another pair if the floating DD was low.

Adding more pairs is not always the route to riches.

Controlling the risk is!

Profit made is based on traders ability to control risk not on a certain $ amount.

However, there is nothing wrong in my view of having a short, medium and longer term profit goal.

At the end of the day though it is the market that dictates how much the trader will make and this is related to how well the trader limits losses.

With 10K you can trade in any session but with 50K or 100K life is much easier.

I have literally tested thousands of combinations but only on 1 pair at a time in MT4 and even using 0.01 lots on a 10k account can still blow up.

So the trader is the essential ingredient and his/her ability to make sound and timely discretionary decisions is absolutely the key to success.

ps. I suggest you test out multiple settings in the Expert in the MT4 strategy tester for a balance of 10K and test it on several different pairs over several different trading windows and then you will see how the results vary based on the historical data used.

pps. backtesting should not be used to indicate future returns ... only to test that a given strategy might have some chance of success or not.

Masterrmind........... :nerd:

--- 帖子 #1601 ---
Go to Post #917 (or click on the paperclip icon at the top right of the page).

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...79#post8889979

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1602 ---
EA

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Price is still very happy to continue pushing lower so I'll simply keep monitoring this pair.

Buy Stop orders may be applied over the next day or so.

Lets see.

ps. If I apply any pending orders I will post them!

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1603 ---
Tokyo about to open.

Searching for a pair to trade as a CLS cycle.

Care needs to be exercised since current floating DD on the EJ cycle is about 7%.

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #1604 ---
AUDUSD [M1; 200 - MN 403; CLS 0.2]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

CLS cycle started.

Note: M1 TF and Q=200 for this cycle ... Q as always may be modified as trading continues if required.

Masterrmind..........

--- 帖子 #1605 ---
AU

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

+51.7 pips.

Expert traded start to finish but managed throughout.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1606 ---
EA [Longer term setup]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

As stated previously I mentioned that I will post here when I place the pending orders and so here are the first 16 orders.

More will be added over the course of the next few days.

Lot sizes applied will vary commencing at the 1.47 handle @ 0.2 lots.

Stops will be staggered in due course so they are not at the same level.

TPs will be set at the same price level (1.53500).

Depending on PA trades may be added, closed out or modified.

ps. note the increasing lot sizing in the direction of the projected TP level.

Masterrmind..........

--- 帖子 #1607 ---
EA [D1 - pending orders]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Price is currently about 40 to 50 pips below the first pending order.

ps. never copy blindly since trades can be modified or deleted at any time.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1608 ---
AUDUSD [M1; 200 - MN 503; CLS 0.2]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Cycle started.

If DD was slightly lower I would be applying PLS cycles in the Asian session.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1609 ---
AU

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

1st short very quick for a small 6.3 pips noting that I missed the initial 6 Q box sells due to the actual start time .

Now running into a long cycle with 7 entries already in action.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1610 ---
AU - update

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

15 longs now in action.

Q modified to 300 simply to allow the same exit level to remain for a longer period of time before the exit level starts dropping.

Expert set to stop trading after this cycle on AU has completed.

Masterrmind............ :nerd:

--- 帖子 #1611 ---
AU - completed cycles (2)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Closed out manually ... all winners.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1612 ---
Being a Friday and DD around the 5% mark I've decided not to trade a PLS cycle today.

Have a great weekend!

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1613 ---
END OF WEEK SUMMARY

7 EURAUD long entries running

13 EURJPY long entries running

Attached Image

Current floating DD is 3.69%.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1614 ---
Hi Mastermind,

I am not used to the idea of EA trading for me and the number of trades being traded.

I want to trade manually and control drawdown manually.

I have used momentum-based trades using Currency Strength and Weakness of two major pair group acting as the trigger.

Pullback bounces based on MA cross-overs and filtered by Currency Group strength and weakness have also worked most of the times.

I am giving up those trades because those require intensive chart-watching and my health does not permit it.

My broker is FIFO-compliant which doesn't allow hedging in same currency. So in effect most of my positions would be netted and PNL will be shown.

Do you think your strategy permits this kind of approach?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1615 ---
Expert Advisor

The Expert Advisor is actually very very easy to use and opens and closes orders including stopping after only 1 or 2 cycles if you wish.

The number of entries can be controlled including reverse entries and also entering the 1st trade after X * Q boxes have been generated.

After desirable settings have been made a template can be saved and used again at a later time.

Several templates can be saved with different magic numbers (including different settings for a given pair if preferred) and applied to many pairs.

I'm considering running a VPS setup to run low risk cycles in the background on a few pairs for additional profit making.

Note 1: You really need to spend some time trading with different settings in the EA to become very very familiar and then you'll see the value.

Note 2: DD can also be controlled in the Expert settings too (everything you need). %Equity Stop loss etc etc.

Manual Approach

FIFO is a pain no doubt about it (The EA also covers this requirement too)!

Can you think about trading with a non FIFO broker? Is that possible for you?

Many things can work most of the time but its the times they don't that can be quite disastrous if DD is not limited (controlled).

I have applied currency strength meters before but only used them for smaller TF trading for scalping type trades not for really large pip cycles.

Reason being is that the strength of a currency may (will) be valid for only the time that it is valid and this could be very short term.

Once you place trades and you are concerned about DD then you either have to apply hard stops on trades to control the DD, hedge it or apply options etc.

I really think you should spend some quality time getting to know and understand the Expert Advisor, treat it as an assistant.

It really does reduce the workload and you don't have to be glued to the screen all the time like I do.

I trade this way on the cent account because its a very small account and I want to be in total control at least for the time being.

Choose a different broker to trade this method if possible, FIFO is a pain and so too is not being able to hedge.

Perhaps you could take a few trades using your approach and post the results here so I can see exactly what you are doing and then I'll make further comments.

ps. With your health not being so good I would again suggest you think about using the Expert Advisor to run low to medium risk cycles as this will reduce alot of the workload. Set it up to trade only a few entries in a PLS setup and modify it as time goes on.

pps. A manual approach with this method of yours would need to be traded and posted here so that I can make further comments.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1616 ---
Hi Masterrmind,

I just want to let know that I started reading the whole thread last week. I am currently on page 33 and really appreciate your devotion to this thread. It is very uncommon to see someone put so much effort in helping others and explaining the way he trades.

I still remember your contribution to Udine's thread a couple of years ago and the fact that you were a master in trading around the daily open line and the Asian session. This thread again shows your skills in this regard. I will definately continue reading!

--- 帖子 #1617 ---
Welcome Adam84.

I was actually going to start a TE in the 00 thread but the thread Op was not really that keen on the idea so I decided not to pursue it.

In this thread its mostly all transparent and if there is anything hidden just ask me and I'll quickly bring it to light.

There is a degree of discretionary trading involved and I will not make any apologies for that because sometimes a trader just has to make sense of chaos by him/her self.

In the early part of this thread and its fantastic that you are spending the time to read it but I'll just give you some quick dot points to get you up to speed.

1. The whole threads important so you'll need to know all the material eventually.

2. First QAM account was traded as a standard type account with Pepperstone brokers and it proved to be a struggle (but still pulled a tiny profit)

3. Decided after much thinking to start a QAM cent account with FX-TM brokers due to greater account to lot size ratio.

4. Transferred total funds (in $ amount) to the FX-TM account and started trading it.

5. Due to the higher ratio in the cent account (although spread is far worse than the Pepperstone account) far larger cycles of trades could be applied with relatively low DD (the worst I've had is about 28%DD and that was with 2 huge cycles and a few hundred trades open) .

6. So the cent account does not apply all of the teachings in the first part of the thread since the account can handle huge number of trades.

7. However, the earlier material posted in this thread will become highly important once the cent account reaches about 800 000 USC (US$8 000) when it will be returned to the Pepperstone account due to ECN and lower spreads etc and the fact the account is much larger.

8. Then this account will utilize much of the earlier material concerning trading methodology

9. DD will have an assigned maximum limit applied

10. Account will remain open until completion (whatever level that happens to be but the big 1M is the target).

That's it in a nut shell but as long as you understand that the cent account is being traded slightly (alot) differently to the first QAM account the it will all make sense.

I use an Expert Advisor to open and close trades but I monitor and manage the cycles of trades through to completion including making any modifications to Quantum values and entering manual trades or applying high lot opportunistic entries as well as recovery type trades as needed.

Progressive lot sequences (PLS) are now being applied and cycles of trades are being taken in both the Asian and the London sessions.

Getting the cent account to about the 8K figure without putting a large hole in the account is the current objective.

This is a journey and I'm not saying its easy to do but I am saying that at this stage it looks quite possible.

Time will tell if the target gets hit but I do hope to see you here at the end to hopefully witness a successful completion.

The account is far from being completed though .... there is a long long way to go yet!

ps Transparency: TE applied and also myfxbook as well as posted screenshots throughout.

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #1618 ---
Start of a new trading week

Asian session:

GBPJPY [M5; 40 - MN 110; CLS 0.2] in progress.

Possibly looking to trade another pair.

Masterrrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1619 ---
AU

Cycle added.

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #1620 ---
AU - update

Closed out 2 shorts manually for a handful of pips.

Expert remains active for additional entries.

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #1621 ---
GJ - update

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Cycle continues to progress.

Trades could be closed out at the DO line if desired but I'll let them run for now.

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #1622 ---
AU - update

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Long cycle commenced (1 trade opened by Expert)

Additional 5 manual entries have now been added with TPs up near the pivot.

Cycles will be monitored and managed throughout.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1623 ---
When the current AU + GJ cycles have completed no more CLS cycles will be traded today.

PLS cycles will be considered from about 1 hour prior to Frankfurt Open (from about GMT 5).

Masterrmind............ :nerd:

--- 帖子 #1624 ---
GJ - cycle closed out.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

2 longs closed out manually.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1625 ---
AU - update

Cycle continues to run.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1626 ---
Due to the AU CLS cycle still running no PLS cycle will be traded today.

This is also in consideration of the EA + EJ cycles already running.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1627 ---
AU - update

Cycle closed out manually.

All winners (13 longs).

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #1628 ---
Thank you for your suggestions. I think will go for low to medium risk cycle PLS setup.

--- 帖子 #1629 ---
A low, medium and aggressive PLS setup will be fabricated for each of the pairs in time.

Best approach is usually to start off low and as confidence builds move onto the medium risk setup.

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #1630 ---
Thank you so much. A right approach.

--- 帖子 #1631 ---
AUDJPY [M5; 40 - MN 201; CLS 0.2]

Long CLS cycle just commenced.

Nice push down on the pair to open up the HH - LL gap.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1632 ---
AJ

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

A quick 25.8 pips via manual close.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1633 ---
EJ

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

5 longs entered at 1 lot a piece for some quick profit whilst the cycle continues to play out in the background.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1634 ---
GJ

1 by set of 5 shorts closed out for quick profit just after London Open.

ps. 1 earlier set of 5 by 1 lot shorts still in action.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1635 ---
GJ

Final 5 by 1 lot shorts just closed out for profit on this pair.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1636 ---
Current objective is to finish out the week with little to no DD and to equal or exceed 20% gain for the month of September.

Why?

Because this account has been compounding at close to a 20% gain m/m.

Current floating DD is just below 6% so care does need to be exercised which means a PLS cycle is not advisable at the moment.

Lets see.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1637 ---
GBPUSD [M5; 40 - MN 311; CLS 0.2]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

CLS cycle started.

Aware of the current floating DD on the account so this cycle will be monitored very closely and trades closed out early if necessary.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1638 ---
GU - update

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Cycle still going

Several manual entries also applied.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1639 ---
GU - long CLS cycle completed

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Closed out manually for +132.7 pips.

ps. Expert removed from the chart.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1640 ---
GU [M1; 300 - MN 3311; PLS]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Straight into a PLS setup.

No-one saw that coming!

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1641 ---
GU - closed out PLS cycle

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Manual close.

Expert removed from the chart.

ps. note the four additional 0.25 lot shorts I slotted into the cycle manually which could be seen as compensatory trades based on missed Q sells.

pps. soon after closing the cycle the TP level gets smashed by price action to the downside...haha!

Attached Image

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1642 ---
Asian session

AJ [CLS 0.2]

UJ [CLS 0.2]

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1643 ---
Good trading, MM. I've been focusing on other areas and don't have the time to watch 3-4 methods whilst only using 1 monitor. Hopefully in the future I can setup my old 4 screen system.

--- 帖子 #1644 ---
Provided your account has a decent sized ratio between balance and lot sizing you can setup the charts on a separate monitor and simply babysit the cycles since the Expert will happily open trades and then all you need to do is monitor and manage and watch the floating DD.

Trying to trade several different methods can be a challenge but it certainly can be done ... you only need to be very well organized.

I don't just trade QAM .... but several other trading methodologies which can make the day quite busy sometimes and easy on other days.

I'm sure that once you get the monitors setup you'll be ok.

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #1645 ---
AJ [CLS] - update

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Several at market shorts added right at resistance.

As price pushes higher more entries are opened up by the Expert.

UJ [CLS] - update

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Several pending Sell Stops applied just under recent support to collect entries should price drop.

As price pushes higher more entries are opened up by the Expert.

EA and EJ longer term cycles

Are showing less floating DD at this stage of the trading day but will be carefully monitored.

Masterrmind............ :nerd:

--- 帖子 #1646 ---
Do you trade full time?

--- 帖子 #1647 ---
Yes full-time.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1648 ---
Current pairs being traded are EA, EJ, AJ and UJ.

Current Exposure is as follows:
Attached Image
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Anyone find a potential problem with this format should DD start to become an issue?

What possible solutions are there to offset this potential floating DD?

The account currently sits at close to 4.7% floating DD over all 4 pairs ... should I be concerned?

Masterrmind......... :nerd:

--- 帖子 #1649 ---
What if price started to trend heavily against me and floating DD went from 4.7% (current) to 10%? ... 20%? ... 30%? ... 50%?

What course of action could be implemented?

Start thinking about a plan you could apply to offset DD and what the reasons are for using it.

Note: when cycles open and close like clockwork you feel invincible ... but when a huge DD shows its face what are you going to do?

Masterrmind........... :nerd:

--- 帖子 #1650 ---
Both AJ + UJ cycles modified to Q=80.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1651 ---
Mastermind,

What I like about your strategy is

*It's sort of a kind of directionless options trading but with a lot of stress

*Requires no stoploss

*Destination is marked (natural TP points) though it is not easily visible to naked eyes because of the speed of the random moves

*Keeps the race going on by shifting gears (symbols) with an aim to keep growth rate constant.

What I need to know:

*How to figure out destination or change of direction points which are not visible to naked eyes?

*How to estimate the life/size of drawdown? Can I work backwards by linking the highest and lowest points of say last 120 days to estimate margin required. Directionless option trades focus on time value and exhaustion points. Symbol are selected on the basis of swinging of a pendulum quality (mean-reversion or range-trading).

My recent drawdown method For GBPJPY trades :I have taken into consideration pre-Brexit margin of extreme 2400 pips - 1200 pips for for exhaustion points and 1700 pips for giving mental comfort and if the trade crosses this danger signal I will use Covered Call/Covered Puts options lifeline to recover at least 30% of loss by selling without having to put in extra margin. Unable to come to terms with psychological exhaustion and the loss of further trades opportunities (largely because of unknown fear of breaching margin levels), I am now confused. Drawdown with a huge buffer margin and trades averaged for every 200 pips of CLS has so far delivered profits only. Should I give it up or refine it?

Can averaging be improved by using PLS with CLS?

* As I see PLS trading is like taking a stress-test on a treadmill - both in terms of emotions and margin management.

What kind of lessons do you think it will deliver in terms of risk/money management by using variations of lots from CLS to PLS without resorting to pure martingale strategy?

Though you are still in a testing environment, what is your take on the experience gained so far?

--- 帖子 #1652 ---
AJ + UJ

Q modified to 150.

UJ pending orders modified to a higher entry level (same TPs).

Masterrmind............. :nerd:

--- 帖子 #1653 ---
No PLS cycle is likely at this stage due to having 4 pairs in action which include the shorter term AJ + UJ CLS cycles.

If the AJ and UJ cycles closed out rather quickly then I may consider a PLS cycle.

Attached Image

Plenty of volatile PA required for that to occur.

Lets see!

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1654 ---
What I need to know:

*How to figure out destination or change of direction points which are not visible to naked eyes?
Precise points cannot be determined by any known method until after the fact which is not useful for live trading.
You can only form expectations of where price is likely to go based on commonly known zones such as chart structure, S+R, supply and demand general areas, pivot points (Daily, weekly + monthly), Fibonacci extensions and expansions, ABCD patterns (1:1 and 1:1.272 and 1:1.618) and key handles at extreme trading ranges.
From a fundamental view you need to be very aware of the levels that any central bank spokesperson hints towards which is of key importance to longer term cycles (you would have seen me draw these levels on some of my posted longer term charts).
Use the technicals for the short to medium term cycles and the technicals + fundamentals for longer term cycles.
If price reaches these zones then you need to have a clear trading plan in place.

If you are referring to reversal points then once again you can only form an expectation, a best guess, a judgement call because not all of these levels will do exactly as you expect. In cases where price goes beyond your predicted turning point then you need to have a plan in place to handle this situation (such as no entries or to trade in the same direction for smaller TP higher lot entries .... traders choice).

*How to estimate the life/size of drawdown?

Several parameters are needed to estimate life cycle DD including but not limited to the following:
a) Estimated average trading ranges of a given pair(s) over a period of months. (will you be trading 1 or more pairs?)
b) Summation [Trade A lots*expected A pips + Trade B lots*expected B pips + ..... + Trade N lots*expected N pips] where A, B ... N represents a unique trade in the given cycle.
c) Determine the expected DD from Part b from a known account equity.

OR

a) Apply all your preferred settings (Q value, pair, TF, trading hours etc) in MT4 strategy tester using many months (or years) of historical data and from the test results read off the maximum DD after running several months (or years) of cycles.
b) However, what I would prefer to do is calculate the DD per day based on your preferred settings over a very long period of time, tabulate the results in Excel, determine the mean, maximum and standard deviation (compare the results using say 2*SD from the mean to suggest a possible outlier and compare this with your maximum DD).

Can I work backwards by linking the highest and lowest points of say last 120 days to estimate margin required. Directionless option trades focus on time value and exhaustion points. Symbol are selected on the basis of swinging of a pendulum quality (mean-reversion or range-trading).

Yes you can but that is a very crude way of doing it because firstly you are using only 120 days (why 120 days?) and secondly you are not considering actual cycles of trades taken during this historical 120 days which will provide a key comparison to the crude approach!
On top of that how are you going to estimate number of entries, lot sizes and exit points to determine maximum pip movements for every trade in the cycle that hits some DD? Remember that every trade in the cycle will contribute to the overall DD and must therefore be considered.

What do you plan to do with directionless options?
Mean reversion is an important and useful method but I tend to like range trading from key levels (handles) better for longer term cycles.

My recent drawdown method For GBPJPY trades :I have taken into consideration pre-Brexit margin of extreme 2400 pips - 1200 pips for for exhaustion points and 1700 pips for giving mental comfort and if the trade crosses this danger signal I will use Covered Call/Covered Puts options lifeline to recover at least 30% of loss by selling without having to put in extra margin.
How will you cover the remaining loss?

Unable to come to terms with psychological exhaustion and the loss of further trades opportunities (largely because of unknown fear of breaching margin levels), I am now confused.
A dilemma!
If you fear breaching margin then you should place a stop to limit this breach of margin.
You may also need to reduce open trades meaning not open as many thereby limiting exposure and potential DD.
But you don't want to trade with stops so you face a dilemma.
You need an alternative option ....

Drawdown with a huge buffer margin and trades averaged for every 200 pips of CLS has so far delivered profits only. Should I give it up or refine it?
Why give it up if it has delivered only profits so far?
The market will give little hints when it is changing and that is when the trader must also change parts of his/her strategy.

Can averaging be improved by using PLS with CLS?

* As I see PLS trading is like taking a stress-test on a treadmill - both in terms of emotions and margin management.
PLS can be a stress test ... absolutely since you are opening consecutively higher and higher lot sizes against the ensuring trend and looking for a small pullback in price to generate a net profitable cycle.
Confidence is built on experience and the undeniable fact that price never travels in a straight line in the market place it always offers some form of a pullback be it deep and profit generating or shallow enough to get out at BE.
But you must trade well within your margin which means acting quickly to hedge positions at a preferably lower DD level but do this with another pair and it doesn't have to be the same pair traded in the opposite direction (although it can).
Margin and risk management .... very important.

What kind of lessons do you think it will deliver in terms of risk/money management by using variations of lots from CLS to PLS without resorting to pure martingale strategy?

The QAM method uses multiple strategies some are martingale, some are grid, some are with the trend, some are aggressive high lot opportunistic trades, some are hedging based, some are recovery mode, etc etc but it is not pure martingale.
I think what you are trying to say is that in a pure sequence a trader just continues to open higher and higher lot entries (PLS cycle) against the trend until margin is consumed.

So the question is how do you know when to stop before you start getting into trouble with a drying up of available margin?
I have been trading PLS type cycles in various sessions (Asian but London mostly) to illustrate live examples in the market however, they are actually random type PLS cycles without much thought going into the lot sizing or the session or the choice of pair or the TF used.
This is because the PLS lots used are rather tame and I know from the massive longer term CLS type cycles that I traded that the account can easily (or certainly should be able to) handle these PLS cycles in the FF-London session based on known pullback in PA provided that a hugely aggressive trending market does not develop. These trending phases are not too common but again it relates back to the available margin, if you have plenty you can endure quite a large trend provided that the PLS is not very aggressive.

I am yet to post my PLS methodology for a given pair.

On this cent account due to spread issues I cannot effectively trade the way I do on far larger ECN type accounts otherwise I would be trading the turtle pairs aggressively. If the spread dropped a bit and/or the ranges increased then I'd be considering trading them.

Here is the secret:

On an ECN account trade only an aggressive PLS on the turtle pairs (EURCHF, EURGBP or EURUSD) in the Asian session for 1 maybe 2 cycles (only if cycle 1 closes very quickly say less than 2hours).

All you need to do now is keep a close watch on the news, determine an appropriate PLS lot sequence and know how to hedge the pair with another currency pair or pairs should the cycle hit trouble which can happen but very rarely.
You must assign a pre-floating DD hedging limit and also an assigned overall DD limit at which point trades must be summarily terminated unless other hedging techniques are to be applied.
If the assigned overall DD limit is 30% then the pre-hedging DD limit should be set not greater than 20-25%.
No need to be too selective but I often choose a day at random and choose not to trade an aggressive PLS on that day .... and also switch it up a bit.

Though you are still in a testing environment, what is your take on the experience gained so far?

To what are you referring as this could take pages and pages for me to respond?

Good trading,

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1655 ---
AJ - completed

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

UJ - completed

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Completed CLS cycles with some manual closures taking place especially on the UJ cycle..

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1656 ---
GJ + GU CLS cycles set.

M5 TF and initially at Q = 40.

Modifications as required will be performed when and as necessary throughout the trading day.

Last trading day of the week so lets make it a good one.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1657 ---
mastermind do you have preferred "Q" levels for each pair on different TFs (M5/M15/M30)?

i am strangling to find something that works across on all of them...so far i am using Q250 and using it on 9 pairs 22/5 (although on demo...in a real account i would take friday off... to eliminate orders "standing by" over the weekend)

--- 帖子 #1658 ---
GJ + GU cycles

Expert pulled from the chart earlier so no cycles will be taken.

Masterrmind..........

--- 帖子 #1659 ---
If you have a look at my templates which may also be updated at some stage the following is a general Quantum approach that I apply.

M1 [Q=200 - Asian session, Q=300+ - London session]

M5 [Q=40 - Asian session, Q=40+ - London session]

M15[Q=10 - Asian session, Q=10+ - London session]

M30, H1, and higher TFs by request.

There is no such thing as a perfect Quantum fit for a given pair or any pair in general only what I call a best fit.

But even a best fit cannot be successful all the time and therefore relies on timely input from an alert trader.

A dynamic approach is required meaning that the PA on the chart for a given pair must also be considered and Q modified to fit with recent PA and trading window trading ranges.

Moving forward there is no guarantee of getting Q right all the time or at all.

So a risk management approach is necessary in preserving the trading account (trade count, trade lot size and account margin etc etc).

Starting out with QAM hopefully you applied 1 pair and then progressed from there to eventually get to 9 pairs.

I also hope that you have a huge amount of margin level% trading 9 pairs and using ultra low lot sizing (minimal lots).

Try to close out of trades early on a Friday and certainly before FF Open otherwise a cycle can indeed head straight into the weekend which can create unfavorable gapping situation in price if you are running anything but the smallest of cycles.

If you get caught up in longer term cycles then sometimes you have little option but to weather the storm as I have done on several occasions.

But my preference will always be that no trades open over the weekend is a very good option.

ps. feel free to share some of your cycles by posting them here if you wish as multiple pairs is what I'll be trading more of once this account grows larger even though I have had 4 pairs running at a time (carefully selected pairs noting account exposure).

pps. Trading too many pairs too soon on an underfunded account can be quite dangerous unless you are an expert hedger or are only applying tiny lots on a few trades per pair. Watch the account margin as this needs to be plentiful.

Masterrmind........

--- 帖子 #1660 ---
I will be looking to trade either a CLS or PLS cycle closer to the London Open later today.

This could be an Expert + manual approach including some higher lot opportunistic entries.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1661 ---
AU [PLS + manual]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Late start so 5 @ 0.2 lot manual entries added at market price.

I may trade this pair well into NY session but lets see how the PA goes.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1662 ---
Mastermind,

Thank you very much for explaining what could be in store if I were to follow QAM strategy. And now with this best fit post, I have got more clarity. I think it will be worthwhile to face the two beasts - pullbacks and drawdown and see whether you succeed in taming them. The real-time risk management experience will be invaluable and will make me a fearless trader.

I am looking forward to start in phased manner and adopt ways which suit my personality.

--- 帖子 #1663 ---
AU

Several longs and then a series of PLS shorts all smaller TP trades but all winners.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1664 ---
Lets see how this account develops over time.

An important part is actually what happens throughout the journey not so much the end result.

My aim is to highlight the traps, the dangers, the big DD and many other considerations but importantly how these situations can be best handled.

I'm sure this journey will be beneficial to all those traders who take notice and adapt it to suit their own unique personalities.

Good trading,

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1665 ---
AU

Multiple shorts added with relatively small TPs.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1666 ---
FX Blue Live Account Analytics for end of September 2016

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1667 ---
Mastermind are you the owner of the FXTM?

You have such big amount on acc by the unreliable broker ( according to the reviews on the net)!

--- 帖子 #1668 ---
Pretty sure it's a cent account not a dollar account so $ balance is $1,780. Happy to be corrected.

--- 帖子 #1669 ---
Hi lapras,

The account being traded is a cent account with FX-TM so the currency is in fact US cents (USC) as clearly shown in post 1668.

I have also mentioned this several times throughout the thread so I suggest some reading on your part is in order.

I chose this type of account mainly due to the ratio between account balance and minimal lot sizing among other factors.

If you search hard enough you will find some bad reviews about every type of broker on the planet so a trader must decide after considering all possible information.

You should probably not base your broker decisions on a few bad reviews as the internet is filled with both honest and also spiteful people.

Many times that means choosing the best from a group of likely candidates.

Apart from high spread on several pairs compared to ECN type brokers (which is expected on a cent account because it is to be considered only a test type of account for new strategies and therefore trading conditions are not meant to be or provided at optimal levels).

As stated many many times this cent account (after reaching about 800 000 USC) will be transferred to an ECN type account.

ps. based on current performance do you really think they are unreliable ... in terms of what criteria may I ask?

pps. at the end of the day it matters not what the units of currency are be they USD, GB Pounds, Euros or even US cents ... what matters more is account growth relative to risk taken (floating drawdown etc etc).

Good trading,

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1670 ---
the pairs traded are in the following screenshot
http://prntscr.com/cosodi

the leverage is 1:400  and with a starting balance of 250 its currently at 342.52 with a DD of almost 50% within 4 days

it runs 22/5 and amazingly it managed to be with no trades carried out through weekend

Q used is 250  (although the Q indicator on charts is 300) and the TF is M5

i know what you mean about monitoring the setup... i saw the extensive DD while i was on screen (i dont babysit it i just let it run) and i was puzzled how it got away...i was watching it believing it was "moments" from going bust...

to be honest if it was a real account i wouldnt have included eurjpy and gbpjpy now that i seen them in action.... i prefer the "hard core" majors + eurgbp from the experience i have so far...

so far the 250 served well its purpose ;-)  although i am still trying to find a way on how the withdrawal works LOL

--- 帖子 #1671 ---
Thanks for posting.

Are you saying you started off with 9 pairs on a balance of only $250 (not using a cent account)?

I assume trading 0.01 lots across all entries.

Trading live I would tend to ease my way in by starting off with 1-2 pairs and then based on DD look to start adding some strategically hedged and/or correlated (+ve or -ve) pairs to start offsetting floating DD.

However, I think a little more than $250 is needed as you can see on the demo how close the account came to vanishing.

Its a great exercise though and the best part is that you are learning what can happen on a small account.

Trading 9 pairs!? ......... in the naughty corner for you my friend ............

I look forward to hearing any major updates including its progress.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1672 ---
I am sorry I did not know that this is cent account. Should read entire thread next time.

I saw before nice Trade explorers with a lot of cash on it. But then I have found out that TE could be manipulated by the broker.

You see, if one have access to the trade history at broker, one could edit data. And one could make TE to show 1000% gain each day if he like.

lapras

--- 帖子 #1673 ---
Yes lapras in a situation such as data manipulation from a scrupulous brokers side you are absolutely correct.

The currency of the trading account does not matter whether it is in $US, $AU, Pounds, Swiss Franks or US cents.

If you peruse through my threads you will see quite often in advance of the fact what pairs are being considered and which pairs are going to be traded.

Multiple screenshots capture much of the activity in the QAM Strategy as it is my intention to be as transparent as possible.

What you see posted and detailed in my threads are the trading facts and nothing but the trading facts.

ps. there is a reason for using this cent account (higher ratio between account balance to minimal lot sizing) but when it grows up a little more its off to an ECN account.

Good trading,

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1674 ---
OCTOBER  Trading Commences

Wishing all traders a prosperous trading month.

Lets keep busy and carefully grow our accounts.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1675 ---
yes indeed 9 pairs/0.03 lots (all orders no matter what) on a 250eur account....demo (and still havent found a way to withdraw...any assistance welcomed hahaha)

now another setup with 7 pairs is running as well with Q40 same setup as the other but this time it started with 208eurs (whats left from the m1 test after i fed up and stopped it) and 0.01lots/order...

lets see...

i still remember my finance professor at uni saying "high risks high returns..."

(and i almost remember my insurance one saying...high risk ... dont expect to get insured lol)

--- 帖子 #1676 ---
GBPUSD [M5; 40 - MN 111; CLS/PLS]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Cycle commenced with Expert set to run a CLS cycle however, PLS may also be applied manually.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1677 ---
You are certainly jumping in at the deep end.

What you'll probably find out is that slightly fewer pairs are best traded on a small account since the DD will get you sooner or later unless you have carefully selected for example, 4 pairs in a hedged type configuration which can also be risky.

Imagine you are trading the following:

Long EURUSD
Long GBPUSD

and you have the choice to pick say 2 more pairs to trade.

1. Which pairs would you choose and in which direction would you set up the cycles?

2. What was your reasoning behind your choice in Question 1?

ps. not much insurance in this business ... its mostly up to the individual trader to manage all of the risk by themselves.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1678 ---
AU - update

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Cycle has now been closed out manually.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1679 ---
well right now none of the ones mentioned... i dont want to choose amongs the worst looking ones which one looks better... (is like choosing for a girlfriend.. )

i am testing the limits of the strategy + also want to see what goes on with each pair (all in demo of course) thats why i am leaving them on 22/5 even when red flag news are in place...

to be honest the 250Q M5 is much "safer" than the other one... but as mentioned i want to test the waters....

--- 帖子 #1680 ---
The idea of choosing pairs (not necessarily related to trading today at all) is to see if you could hedge them correctly.

In time when a large DD situation occurs (and it will) you will have found this exercise very useful.

Otherwise you'll be caught in a bad situation one day and not know what to do ... except hope and close out multiple losers.

Do you have a plan for when DD really starts to escalate or will you look into that after you've completed preliminary test cycles on multiple pairs?

The other point about choice of Quantum is that there is no single all time best pick for a value.

One Q choice on a given pair will work perfectly but only over a set data field.

As soon as the price action of the pair changes and the trading ranges change then another updated Q value is usually needed but it also depends on the Q exit level and if the cycle will close out in net profit.

This is why I start trading cycles with generalized 'best fit' Quantum values but I dynamically modify them as trading progresses as demonstrated throughout the thread on the M5 TF (but Q modifications will also occur for all other TFs in a similar manner except in some cases on very high TFs due mainly to the very large pip distances between QDE and QDC levels).

Timely input from an alert trader makes all the difference in QAM and it was never my intention to have a set and forget type of approach.

I wish you well on your testing phase.

ps. Q=250 might work well most of the time but so too can Q=150 through to 350.

Masterrmind..........

--- 帖子 #1681 ---
GU - update

Very slow moving at present and not entirely unexpected being the first trading day of a new month.

I'll be looking to trade this pair into the London session and possibly beyond but this will also depend on PA.

Q now modified to 100 to keep the HH-LL gap from closing up too much.

Q may also be modified again once trades commence.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1682 ---
GU - update

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Into the cycle we go!

Masterrmind..........

--- 帖子 #1683 ---
Hey lapras, Masterrmind has high integrity, and I can vouch for him - What you see is what you get.

--- 帖子 #1684 ---
Ok, nice to hear that.

regards

--- 帖子 #1685 ---
GU - update

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Expert was removed late in yesterdays session.

Manual approach taken however the Expert may also be re-applied.

Current floating DD over all 3 pairs is 2.35%.

Note: I will be looking to add a long AJ cycle .... why?

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1686 ---
EJ - completed.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Finally closed out this cycle.

Combination of different lot sizes.

Profit generated from higher lot opportunistic trades affords me the luxury of running the original entries though to completion.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1687 ---
Now only EA (9) + GU (10) trades are currently running at close to 2% DD.

Will be looking to open a PLS cycle from an hour or so prior to FF Opening.

Masterrmind.........

--- 帖子 #1688 ---
GU [M1; PLS]

Cycle started awaiting trades.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1689 ---
GU - update

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Various Q modifications along the way.

Everyone should be getting this concept by now.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1690 ---
EA - update on longer term setup

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

7 Buy Stop orders are yet to be triggered comprising increasing lot sizing in the direction of TP.

GU - update

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Overall trades in the cycle cover a 200 pip range presently.

Masterrmind..............

--- 帖子 #1691 ---
AJ

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Short cycle in action.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1692 ---
Mastermind,

Thank you for defining the trading process in simple terms.

I have not used EA before and now I can see EA will be a good executive assistant to execute trades when it is coded.

Your chart shows the EU longer term setup and you have used Fibos to mark up Long loadup zone.

Similarly you have shown 200 pip trading channel.

Planned EA might have the ability to execute the trades only in the targetted fibo zone, select pip trading channel for trading, execute trades only after the candles have closed with certain pip size or only after attaining certain pip size in a particular time only...etc. etc.

Can you please write a plan on how and when to use EA, what to log for reference, and at/from which stage manual intervention will be needed?

The tricky part is changing of Q levels. If you think still it is in a testing stage , then will have to wait for the stage to finish.

Some kind of a Trading testing action plan (using EA and manually) for QAM for who have already read earlier posts. A brief Laboratory manual basically.

Focus on EA doing the trading process, manual management for drawdown control. Planning process has already been covered well.

Thank you.

--- 帖子 #1693 ---
Hi simnz,

Thanks for the post its filled with many useful questions.

QAM threads have been populated with several concepts and trading techniques all of which are useful and relevant.

Some of the earlier methodologies might tend to be more relevant to a standard type of account or an account that is underfunded from an account balance to minimal lot size perspective.

The greater the ratio the more the flexibility and the fewer of the original concepts need to be strictly applied however, they still do need to be considered.

A key point to make is that traders need to make timely changes as soon as they notice the market is changing whether its trading ranges or any other market factors.

You will find some examples throughout the thread where I make reference to Q modification.

An important concept is the ability to monitor the trending indicator lines for a given Quantum value and ensure that these Q exit values are updated in a timely manner such that cycles of trades are 'forced' to be positive and not prematurely closed at an initial Quantum value that will result in multiple losing trades in that particular cycle.

To understand Q modification you really need to spend some time watching a cycle of trades unfold on any chart of your choice and monitor the activity on say an M5 chart with a Q setting of 40 and just let the Expert trade this through to completion.

If trades were closed in loss you will soon see why .... the initial Q exit value (Quantum = 40 in this case) caused some of the trades to close with loss.

Monitoring open positions is important but once you know how the trending lines for HH and LL change over time based on PA and chart structure then you can adjust Q to a value that can guarantee not to close out the cycle prematurely.

Since this account is a cent account and I have never traded such a small account before there is some element of uncharted waters at play.

You can think of this live running test as a reverse engineered approach which will produce a trading plan at the end NOT at the start.

Might sound slightly unorthodox but its really ... it simply means that over the course of this live running test many factors that prove to be important can be noted for future reference and those that are less important can be noted as such.

The initial concepts outlined though should be studied because they have worked over many other different trading strategies especially risk management.

Once I have this current account in a large DD situation then I can start implementing hedging and recovery techniques so they can be seen at the time, live in the market not purely as theory only.

Note: plenty more to be outlined in the QAM Strategy.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1694 ---
AJ - closed out manually.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Cycle closed out.

All winners.

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #1695 ---
London session cycle

EJ [M1; PLS]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Cycle commenced in the London session.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1696 ---
EJ

Notice if you had of started a cycle pre-FF Open you would have had 7 fairly clean short winners.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1697 ---
EJ - closed out manually

All winners.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1698 ---
EJ [M5; PLS]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Note: Q will be modified to a higher value very soon after a few trades have been produced including some manual entries.

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #1699 ---
EJ - completed short cycle

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Closed out manually.

Note 1: Now into an EJ [M5; 100] long cycle set for last cycle in Asian session.

Note 2: When this cycle closes out I will look to trade a PLS cycle starting around the FF Open.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1700 ---
Hello Mastermind and thank you for sharing and the work you have put into this thread ! Finding the strategy very valuable, reading through the thread first but please keep up the great work!

ps that time I was able to post

--- 帖子 #1701 ---
You are most welcome!

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #1702 ---
EJ - completed long cycle

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Closed out manually.

Note: 1 short cycle followed by 1 long cycle.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1703 ---
London session

EJ [M1; PLS]

Pre-London session cycle set to go.

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #1704 ---
EJ - update

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Waited for price to print out Q sell signals.

Placed Expert after the initial 5 had been printed out.

Price then went down to the DO line and bounced back up to recent highs.

Then I entered 5 shorts manually to get into the cycle.

But you don't have to do this either .... what you could do is simply wait until price starts printing out the next lot of Q short signals and then place Sell Stops below current price. This is a smart trading approach which shows patience.

Traders choice.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1705 ---
As shown I am simply trading cycles on the 1 pair today namely EURJPY.

Cycles that commenced in the Asian session which were also PLS cycles (2) and now followed by a London session PLS cycle.

So trade as many or as few pairs as you are comfortable with and lot sizing can always be modestly increased on fewer traded pairs if desired.

Based on the current balance and DD% state of the trading account I usually prefer to trade 1-2 pairs and then carefully add in another 1 or 2 pairs if desired and these added in pairs usually have something to do with correlation/hedging of the original 2 pairs (often but not always).

ps, Moral of the story is to think about which pairs you should add to the mix and don;t just choose randomly.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1706 ---
Although I said I'm only trading EJ today just to be clear there are longer term cycles in action running in the background namely EA + GU.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1707 ---
EJ

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Cycle closed out manually.

All winners.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1708 ---
Hi Mastermind,

You have summed up your strategy concsiely and precisely. As I can see you are testing a hybrid form of High frequency trading and applying manual drawdown controls and any serious fx trader will benefit by paying attention to your methods, which fortunately - thanks to your articulatness -  are simpler to follow.

Reverse-engineering or working backwards always pays off . The journey is worth taking.

--- 帖子 #1709 ---
Thanks simnz.

It was my intention to show how I would go about navigating the treacherous waters of Quantum trading.

Using a small underfunded account and then converting to a cent account has meant some degree of reverse engineering.

Its a journey filled with many obstacles but my plan is to navigate through all of them to eventually reach the goal.

If the goal is hit ... and that is a very big ask ... then I'll offer a concise as possible trading plan ... and that will be it for me.

Threads are very time consuming afterall so I'll deserve a long break after this is completed.

Plenty of work to be done in the meantime so its full steam ahead .... cautiously of course!

Good trading,

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #1710 ---
Account Update (Black swan type event on the GBP currency)

A nasty 900 pip flash crash driving GBPUSD down to as low as the 1.17 handle and as high as the 1.29 handle.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Approximate range of move is close to 1200 pips.

GU [M5 Chart]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Stops on the account greatly reduced the impact and even though stops are applied wide on cycle trading I always use them.

This should clearly illustrate the importance of always applying stops.

Could have been much worse.

A chunk of profit has been given back to the market.

But the account remains in positive territory due to appropriately placed stop out levels ('ensuring' that even after a stop out the account would still show positive growth).

The key point here is to always preserve the initial balance by applying appropriately placed stops.

Rebuilding and continuation of the trading account can resume.

ps. Who could honestly say that they knew this GBP black swan event was going to happen? .......... I didn't think so!

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1711 ---
This was completely unexpected.  I am looking forward to the news stories about this and what they will tell us it was. Definitely a black swan event in any case. Such is the market. I am glad this acct was able to absorb the blow and keep moving ahead.

--- 帖子 #1712 ---
Absolutely!

This account is well intact and still showing just under a 20% gain.

Other traders have fared much worse I can assure you.

So it is a drop from about a 70% gain down to about 20%.

I'll be looking to carefully recover the gap and continue to move the account forward.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1713 ---
Important to note that on other brokers charts the ranges vary widely.

On one broker there is no upward push in the PA to the 1.29 handle whatsoever.

Some levels on GU hit the 1.17 handle whilst others have only dropped to 1.19 - 1.20 before reversing back up the chart.

So trading results needless to say will vary greatly on this and many other factors.

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #1714 ---
Looking for a suitable pair to trade.

Being the last trading day of the week it is not such a bad idea to simply not trade at all.

Lets see.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1715 ---
Just one example of the differences in trading ranges from 1 broker to the next.

FX-TM (cent type)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Pepperstone (ECN razor)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #1716 ---
UJ

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Long manual entries applied.

Others may be added depending on PA.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1717 ---
UJ

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

All longs closed out in profit all at 1 lot a piece.

Back later to have a look at the London session.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1718 ---
Thanks for your honesty here. Although we always prepare for this kind of black swan, just like walking on the thin ice, most traders still cannot accept this slash when it really comes (it's definitely not easy...), most might just give up and go away to find other systems. Really honor that your positive thinking and you still keep it up. Hope this acct can climb up and move to ECN soon.

--- 帖子 #1719 ---
This journey needed this kind of shock.

I think EURGBP options positions advised by the banks prior to Brexit could be the reason for the market manipulators to act just before the employment figures.

A lot of accounts must have been busted by the margin calls.

Your account has passed the major stress test.

"The key point here is to always preserve the initial balance by applying appropriately placed stops."

Can you please explain if the stops were put in by you or by the EA? How did you do it?

Thank you.

--- 帖子 #1720 ---
Fattening slaughter ！ CHF GBP ......

--- 帖子 #1721 ---
AJ [M1; 300 - MN 5001; PLS]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #1722 ---
AJ

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Cycle closed out manually.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1723 ---
Welcome jayhong.

I genuinely appreciate your post as its accurate and not tainted with negativity and that speaks volumes about your character.

This thread is all about honesty and transparency.

What you see is what you get.

The market does produce these black swan type events and they do have a mean streak about them.

Considering all the good work to grow the account to this level and then to have a wicked unpredictable spike is a bit hard to take lightly.

Unfortunate to have been hit by this when the account was tracking very well indeed.

Now instead of an equity curve pullback I'm faced with a growth curve pullback instead and that's a little more serious since dollars have been returned to the market in quick time.

I'm aware of at least a dozen accounts (and there will be far more than this) that margin called with almost instant closeouts.

So although its annoying to say the least the account still has a 20% growth level to work from and I intend to keep applying all the trading techniques I know to keep the growth curve pointed up.

Many things go through a traders mind when events like this occur such as throwing in the towel or hitting reset and starting a fresh account.

Not me!

Simply pick myself off the ground, wipe the dust off and continue towards the goal.

Onward and upward is the only option for this trader.

ps. now they are trying to blame it all on algorithmic trading or a 'fat finger' error ... but what we do know is a spike like that is damn nasty!

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #1724 ---
Absolutely when considering that higher leveraged positions could have emptied the account due to that spike.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Some GU trades were applied by the Expert and some manually.

With cycles like these wider stops are usually needed to accommodate the floating DD and to give the trades plenty of room to breathe.

However it becomes a balancing act between too wide a stop and too tight a stop.

Too wide a stop opens up greater loss to the trading account in a stop out event.

Too tight a stop will close out prematurely most trades that may have hit TP.

So what I do is attempt to find a middle ground most of the time.

I must say though that on many of the recent cycles taken on this trading account that when using the Expert the stops are anywhere from 150 pips to 300 pips in general with 300 pips being the norm.

The 300 pip SL based on 0.1 lots represents on average about a US$3 loss per trade and at 0.2 lots its simply US$6

So the total loss at SL is simply the sum of all losses.

I look at PA and key handles in other SL situations especially for longer term cycles of trades.

Traders could argue that had the trades not been running over night then the loss would not have occurred.

This is correct however, that spike occurred right at the start of my trading window slot which means that if I had of opened a cycle on GU at that time there is no way I would have known that such a spike was to follow ... no one knew that!

The loss would have been substantially less though since far fewer trades would have been in action and they would have hit a 200 to 300 pip SL or in fact immediately to TP because in the Asian session I mostly set TPs including in the Expert settings to anywhere from 20 pips to 100 pips.

With a flash spike as witnessed in today's trading it should open your eyes to what the market is capable of throwing at you.

In the future it could be any pair at any time that generates such a spike.

Sounds very dangerous doesn't it?

I haven't looked at the closed out GU positions yet but it will be interesting to determine what the floating DD would have hit had no stops been placed on the trading account and if the account would have survived (I'm guessing it would have but I'll re-visit this later just for interest sake).

In my view however, this is no way to trade (without a SL) and sooner or later a much deeper spike may occur that will simply empty the whole account.

So its simply not worth the risk.

Masterrmind..............

--- 帖子 #1725 ---
I have not experienced this kind of flash spike for GBP in the past.

But for NZD it has happened quite a few times in the past.When trading NZD this kind business hazard is taken account of it.

This happening to GBP is a serious matter and let us see what BOE investigation reveals.

As a retail trader, your experience is making me re-think about the non-use of stop loss for fx spot trading. Either I should do fx trading with stop loss or just stick to directionless options trading.

As a directionless options traders I trade on both sides - selling puts and calls - and keep adjusting spreads when one side becomes lop-sided.

If the pair loses capacity to provide me enough premium to balance the books, I can roll to other month's strikes as well.

However, the choice of trading this way is restricted to EURUSD and USDJPY, because of their strong mean-reversion tendencies.

--- 帖子 #1726 ---
Hi Mastermind,

Thanks for your blog, interesting read and glad to see your account is still alive.

One thing that I notice is that it seems that in this case a lot of the damage was done by the EA. (I'm assuming that all the 1 min trades and that they were all placed within the same minute were placed by the EA). If only one EA trade had been placed then i think this would have made a difference of around 20% from the loss.

I think it would be good to keep this in mind for anyone programming/running any EA. It should be allowed to only place a trade at most one trade per predefined time (e.g. 1 or 5 minuets), and /or check for such large price movements (as I'm sure no human in their right mind would sit there and manually place sell orders so quickly). And as you said unfortunately we need to be prepared for something like this to happen again.

Regards.

--- 帖子 #1727 ---
No!

The damage was not done by the EA as it places only 1 order at the close of the M1/5 Candle (M1 = max 1 trade/min; M5 = max 1 trade/5 min.

I will post the logs for the 10 pending Buy Stops on GU for 1 lot each placed manually.

Posted below are the log files for Oct 6 and Oct 7 for the 10 GU long orders:

Oct 6

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Oct 7

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Account History of the 10 GU trades

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

If you spend a little time looking over the log files on each order you'll soon discover the following:

1. My stops on almost all orders were close to 200 pips

2. The price that trades were filled at except for 1 trade that made it to market on the 6th were about 100 pips higher

3. Add to this the stop out price being also 100 pips worse than requested.

The 9/10 trades instead of having only 200 pip SLs each actually had almost 400 pip SLs due the incredibly horrific slippage at exit.

It does not take long to then realize that instead of only a US$200 loss I was instead hit with almost US$400 (just under).

To top this all off ... guess how long from entry to exit all this took to unfold?

1 SECOND!!!

Although you might have stops in place to reduce loss it is still very very possible to lose far more than you imagine due to circumstances far outside your control.

GU totally unpredictable and nasty spike rips more out of the account than ever anticipated.

Imagine now if the account was at US$990K (so almost at the ultimate goal of this account) and my stops were very tight at a stop out of 5% and an event like this happens but this time the flash crash adds 400 pips to my stops due to negative slippage .... what would one do then??

Even a few trades at an additional 400 pips to the stops would be very very nasty.

Yes its rare but you can never say that it will not happen .... I'd be betting that it will happen ... only unknown is when!

ps. EJ trades should be ignored in the logs since this is all about the GU pair only.

pps. the rest of the loss can be found in previous GU trades which I have not addressed here since the ones I have mentioned will suffice.

Masterrmind........

--- 帖子 #1728 ---
To make matters just a little more frustrating on a Pepperstone account the 9 GU longs would not have been triggered and therefore no loss recorded.

This is because the lowest priced entry on the GU longs was at 1.26750 with all others higher again.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1729 ---
Start of a new week

Asian session

AU [M5; 40 - manual]

Shorts in progress.

Expert + other manual entries could be traded throughout the day.

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #1730 ---
EJ [M5; 40 - manual]

Longs in progress.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1731 ---
EMAIL SENT OFF TO FX-TM broker requesting an explanation

I have just emailed a detailed complaint to FX-TM regarding this horrendous fill on both entry and exit considering the fill provided on multiple other broker data feeds.

So I'm looking forward to their timely response.

In time I may share this information here but we'll see how they respond in the first instance.

Should be very interesting to say the least.

If the response and solution provided is sub-par then don't be surprised to see this account shelved permanently.

I will as stated continue this journey but will likely consider many other alternatives for broker choice.

Lets wait and see what happens.

ps. 700 pip on other broker data feeds with virtually no upward additional spike but FX-TM cent server had 1200 pip spike both up and down.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1732 ---
EJ

Loading up on a short strategy.

Increasing lot sequence in the direction of TP.

Range [0.2, +0.2 step, N]

N being the final lot size of the sequence.

Frequency of trades per given lot varies from 5 and upwards.

Major load up phase in action.

Masterrmind..........

--- 帖子 #1733 ---
EJ - update

Huge cycle in progress.

All TPs converge at the 1.15 handle.

N will now stop at 3 lots.

Stops of 200 pips each but unlikely to run that far.

ps. highly aggressive stepped cycle to the short side with 160 shorts running on EJ.

pps. quite easily could be the last cycle traded on this account.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1734 ---
HI Mastermind,

I have launched trading in two pairs EurChf and EurGBP today . NO particular session time observed. Just a window of 6 hours. all totally executed by EA as I had gone out of home for more than 8 hours leaving the trading unattended. The results are attached in the TE. The trading started an hour before Frankfurt start and lasted for 6 hours. The template worked well. The account is of standard size lots and leverage is 500.

--- 帖子 #1735 ---
Yes the template I made for you will work very well on these pairs.

I've been using a similar template for over a year now but on a much larger balance.

The idea was to continually skim profit day after day but at lower lot sizing to keep the risk down low.

I trade EURCHF, EURGBP and EURUSD ........ plus Silver.

Silver is where I make most of my profit.

I tend to apply occasional higher lot small TP entries every so often just to keep the gain rolling along but the idea of this setup is to take consistent small profit most of the time and it does a fantastic job at that.

It is not a set and forget approach though so you'll still need to keep a close watch on cycles of trades and manage the risk.

Great to hear that its working out well for you so far but there will be some difficult times so be sure to be prepared for them.

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #1736 ---
Now imagine trading 3 pairs together with this setup on a >>$US100K+ account.

Money for jam as they say ... money for jam.

Enjoy it ... you deserve it simnz.

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #1737 ---
Thank you for sharing the system.

How do you plan lower lot sizing ? should I put pending orders when I am not watching charts? What kind of difficult times I could be facing?

--- 帖子 #1738 ---
My pleasure but remember that an informed and alert trader is a necessary requirement to successfully trade this method or any method.

Calculations for all possible account sizes is via a comprehensively designed Excel sheet which will not be provided here.

However, examples of lot sequencing may be provided for a few different account sizes.

The lot sequencing provided to you comprised low, medium and high risk for a general case only.

I was never told what account size you would be trading and therefore provided only a lot sequence on the information provided knowing it would be a test run in the first instance.

Based on a gain of 4.3% showing so far today on your $50K demo account your growth is looking good.

But the lot sequence being applied is not the best fit for a 50K balance so it would need to be refined.

In your testing mode though I would simply continue on with the current lot sequencing and see how the account progresses over time.

Biggest obstacle will be when an extended trend occurs which will put the account under additional stress due to the lot sequencing.

I hope you learn much from this testing phase and run it for several months until you are familiar with all the oddities of the Expert Advisor and especially the trading ranges and likely volatility of these turtle pairs.

As you can clearly see the $$$ can be made on the turtle pairs very easily.

Keep both the growth curve and the equity curve pointed skyward always.

ps. I appreciate you referencing me in the TE details ... a professional and respectful approach.

ps. nice to see a decent broker being used too!

Good trading,

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1739 ---
I'm looking for a pair to trade tonight for the Asian session. Not sure which, maybe EU. What do you think?

--- 帖子 #1740 ---
Provided you are trading an ECN account with very low spread then I'd suggest having a look at EURCHF, EURGBP or EURUSD.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1741 ---
Thank you

EUR/GBP Cycle started. - Manual - M5 Q40 to start. Will adjust as needed.

--- 帖子 #1742 ---
Hi Masterrmind,

How to handle News Events?

Should I liquidate the trades before the news event?

Or don't enter the cycle involving news event?

--- 帖子 #1743 ---
If profit has been made during the trading day then you may wish to not trade during the news.

If you do trade it think about overall risk which might mean limited entries at greatly reduced lot sizing.

If you've made for example, 5% growth for the day then think about limiting total risk to 2.5% at the most so that you give yourself a chance to increase growth further but if the cycle runs bad and loses you are still up about 2.5% on the day.

Sometimes trading impact news during the Asian session is the boost that a cycle needs to develop several quick entries and I personally trade these quite often on other accounts but its up to you.

If a trader is new to cycle trading then I'd suggest skipping this practice for several months.

Remember that the idea should always be to preserve the initial balance as much as possible and carefully increase buffer profit.

The greater the buffer profit the more of an excuse you might have to turn up the risk ever so slightly and trade higher risk cycles.

Be sure that you know exactly what the risk on a cycle is at all times especially if the stops get hit.

If trades are currently negative try to eliminate them within the last 30 minutes prior to news coming out.

A lot depends on the price action too and also if the market is flat leading up to news which can be a huge move once big data comes out.

Since you are fairly knew to this type of trading I would say not to trade an hour each side until you get more experience.

Although you are using a demo account it makes better sense to me to trade it as if it was your own hard earned $$$.

The other side of me suggests that testing out different approached and observing what happens is good for the learning curve.

But I'd stay clear of it initially and maybe after 1 month then give a couple of news events a go.

You'll either develop very high DD rather quickly and then a nice lot of profit.

Or the trend will open up so many trades with price continuing to race away that you'll be in trouble wishing you had not traded it.

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #1744 ---
Masterrmind,

Perhaps this was answered previously and I missed it. But I do have one question that I would appreciate your thoughts with.

Currently the way the system works is by opening market orders in the new bar after a quantum box appeared. This continues until the price reverses and begins to turn all of those previous market orders into profitable trades, then at some point these are all closed in profit. Youve already shown this works despite unforeseen market turmoil and broker shortcomings. The downside is the draw down which forces the need for small trades to handle the draw down.

My question is this: What if we wait for the quantum box to appear but instead of opening a market order, we wait for the price to go past the newly created quantum box a bit and once it is far enough away we simply place a pending order there instead. That way when the price eventually does reverse it will pick up the pending order(s) at each quantum box on its way back into profits rather than earlier. Does that make sense?

In my thoughts, what I describe above should be no different than what we are doing now with QAM but may provide a way to sidestep a lot of the draw down.

Anyway, thank you for your thoughts on this.

--- 帖子 #1745 ---
The FX-TM cent account is still being traded at least until the EA + EJ cycles are closed out.

Once the EA + EJ cycles complete the account will be terminated and the balance transferred to another brokerage.

The TE has been disabled as I will not be using this account again current cycles complete.

I think I've mentioned many times about the poor spread and then this flash crash with the upward 500 pip spike and downward 700 pip spike just too much to accept.

These are not the trading conditions to use to get an account growing.

So to keep things short I will be searching for an alternative broker.

Once a suitable broker is located then a new TE will be applied and the journey can once again continue.

ps. until that happens I'll keep responding here but would like to wish every trader the greatest of success.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1746 ---
Hi Platanero,

It makes perfect sense because I have mentioned this in the threads several times although its probably buried in previous posts hard to find.

Applying pending orders in such a way is a good approach, no problem with it however, be aware that at these pending levels they could be at turning points themselves and instead of price continuing on to TP instead they continue off with the original trend.

It probably doesn't matter if this turning point entry occurs in the grand scheme of the cycle because at market orders would already have the trade in DD in any case.

But yes please apply pending orders after Q boxes have been printed out.

You can also apply the pending orders once price has for example hit a key resistance level and then popped say 10 pips above it and then what you would do is place the pending sell stop say 5 pips below the resistance level looking for a continued downtrend.

Initially the DD will be reduced but only for as long as price action complies.

Think about a turning point at the level the pending order is triggered it could and it does often lead straight into DD.

I would recommend using pending orders in any case because I believe its thinking about reducing the likely impact of DD and that's a good thing.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1747 ---
Thank you, Sir. Much appreciated.

-

--- 帖子 #1748 ---
If you take a look back though the thread you will certainly find explanations about the use of pending orders.

Either placed below key resistance levels or placed just above support levels.

In this sense you would be trading with the ensuring trend.

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #1749 ---
FX-TM account update

I have now fully recovered the QAM account to its pre GBP flash crash balance plus some extra by shorting the EJ pair.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

TE and myfxbook available.

I may continue trading this account through to the end of October or until an alternative broker is sourced even though its not preferred.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1750 ---
Mastermind!

Can you please attach working Quantum EA... Thanking you in advance!

Regards

AH

--- 帖子 #1751 ---
Post 917

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...79#post8889979

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #1752 ---
Thanks alot Mastermind for your help man..

--- 帖子 #1753 ---
That is fantastic news!

Bravo!!!

--- 帖子 #1754 ---
Thanks Platanero.

Recovery strategy was rather aggressive, focused and disciplined but certainly not without risk.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The purpose was to short only the EJ pair however, the PA took the levels into very uncomfortable highs before turning down nicely.

I still think its very nasty to have been put into this situation in the first place with so much growth removed from the account.

Anyway the account is back in order in terms of balance only.

But the trading statistics have been tarnished with unacceptable DD levels and recorded losses from mainly that nasty GU spike.

I might as well keep trading this account now but I will be constantly searching for an alternative broker.

Onward and upward in terms of the account balance even though the equity curve has taken a hiding in its progress over recent time.

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #1755 ---
Tokyo Open

The session has just started so lets find a pair or pairs to trade.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1756 ---
AUDJPY [M5; 40 - MN 301; PLS]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

PLS Lot Range [0.2 to 1.0 lots]

Expert + manual trades.

5 manual shorts @ 0.2 lots a piece just to get the cycle started.

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #1757 ---
Main goal for the rest of this month is to hit the 100% growth milestone.

Lets see!

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1758 ---
USDJPY [M5; 40 - MN 313; PLS]

Cycle commenced.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1759 ---
SUPERB RECOVERY

I don't have this kind of gut at all.

Cheer!

--- 帖子 #1760 ---
It does take a strong will to succeed given that I am under the spotlight in this public arena.

Business as normal once again.

ps. I appreciate your comment.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1761 ---
Well said. Having a strong will to succeed is not enough. The willingness to continue putting in efforts until some logical conclusion has been reached is required.

Masterrmind is doing pioneering work . I feel proud to be one of his disciples.  I  believe in learning and doing together. And as a teacher and practitioner he is a role model for me.

--- 帖子 #1762 ---
Powerful comments simnz and very much appreciated.

Lets look towards continued steady progress on your account too as it is certainly tracking very nicely indeed.

ps. I think half of the pioneering work is tied up in making profit from seriously unfavorable trading conditions.

pps. Thought to myself "Please grow rapidly QAM-1K-live so that I can transfer you very very very quickly to an ECN broker".

Good trading,

Masterrmind..............

--- 帖子 #1763 ---
AJ - update

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

9 shorts in progress and the cycle will continue into London or until closed out.

Quantum modified to 200.

UJ - cycle of only 1 short was closed out and the Expert removed from the chart.

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #1764 ---
I pray to God to have your wish of transferring to ECN broker fulfilled at the earliest.

Besides hard work, sometimes prayers are needed too.

--- 帖子 #1765 ---
Cheers simnz.

Lets see how this works out .... should be an interesting ride.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1766 ---
EU cycle started. Q40 M5 - PLS -  Manual

--- 帖子 #1767 ---
How many EU cycles are you planning to run today?

One great thing about EU is that the spread is almost always very low and very favorable for trading in tighter ranges.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1768 ---
AJ

Cycle continues currently with 38 shorts in progress but now via a manual approach.

EA

Just added in 5 by 0.5 lot longer term longs to the cycle for a current count of 14.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1769 ---
I am on my second EU cycle now. Picking up longs.

Yes sir. This 1.4 pip spread is not bad at all.

I think this would be my last one today unless more opportunities show up.

I am not ready for bed yet = possibly more cycles.

--- 帖子 #1770 ---
EJ cycle started

--- 帖子 #1771 ---
Long cycle no doubt.

Good work!

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1772 ---
AJ - completed.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Closed out all trades for winners manually.

Just over 2% gain on that cycle.

Note: Due to no Expert running (and a trader fast asleep) there were several shorts at the top of the chart not taken but I'm not complaining.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1773 ---
If you are referring to EU spread you can do far far better than 1.4 pips.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Check this broker out .... starts with "P" ends in "e".

ps. spread very tight but you need to pay commission which for a round ticket is about $7 per 1 full lot.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1774 ---
London session

AJ

PLS cycle setup.

Expert and manual entries are possible.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1775 ---
Is it possible to modify the quantum strategy to accommodate the kind of trading proposed in the attached picture?

As an experienced options trader I know the market makers always push the limits mostly at the extremes of price lines to bust or defend the options. This kind of activity is noticed only in the last miles of the extremes of the trend.

My estimates:

Tthe present short term cycle is 8 weeks - until the day of major news event of FOMC meeting. I expect the lower price lines to break before that day.

Equity Stop loss I can bear is 25%.

The intention is to take the human emotions element out of the trade and purely concentrate on taking profits arising from retracements, pullbacks, and manage drawdowns constantly through the EA as well as manually instead of spending energy on planning and executing trades.

If yes, kindly advise mechanics of going about it.

Thank you.

--- 帖子 #1776 ---
If you expect the lower price lines to break is this when you wish to start a long cycle?

What in price levels or pips is your assumed trading range/zone?

Will you be trading price down for X*100 pips depending on PA for a long cycle setup?

Basically I'd like to have a very precise explanation of which level (use price) you want to start the cycle and how far you intend to trade it.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1777 ---
I wish to start a two-way cycle with bias toward hittting lower line ultimately. If hit 1.20  the trade ends.

The trading channel is expected to be between 1.30 and 1.20.

I want to test how Qs handle two-way trading.

I want to start today itself,  at 126.50 .

--- 帖子 #1778 ---
Yes ok I see what you mean.

What TF and what Q value do you propose to use?

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #1779 ---
30 minutes TF

Q value: You may choose.

--- 帖子 #1780 ---
You plan to trade 2 cycles (1 short + 1 long) starting at the same time on an M30 TF and close to the 126.500 level.

Choice of Quantum decided by myself?

You realize that multiple cycles between this 1000 pip range is highly likely on an M30 TF.

Do you plan to allow the EA to trade these "endless" cycles until either the 120 or the 130 handle gets hit?

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1781 ---
Just perfect.

Yes both cycles.

Quantum to be decided by you.

Endless cycles to end until either of the two handles are hi

--- 帖子 #1782 ---
Open an M30 TF and place say a Q of 20 on it.

Cycles using 1 Q value always oscillate from a short to a long to a short to a long or long to short to long to short etc.

So how do you propose to trade 1 long and 1 short cycle at the same time?

It is possible but you will need to consider 2 unique Quantum values based on the historical chart structure.

Over time and depending how cycles unfold it is likely that Q values (both of them) will need to be modified depending on recent and current PA.

ps. Finding the 2 unique initial Q values will take some time and then over time they too will need to be updated to flow with PA.

pps. This is dealing with only the one pair too which means same current direction for both cycles.

Masterrmind..........

--- 帖子 #1783 ---
If possible, I will trade 1 long and 1 short cycle at the same time.

do I have to use two platforms?

--- 帖子 #1784 ---
I have traded this type of setup before however I used different TFs and different Q values.

What I was looking for was plenty of overlap between short and long trades in cycles as a means of reducing total current DD.

No you certainly don't need 2 platforms but you will need 2 GJ charts open at the same time and with unique magic numbers if applying EA.

This setup would really need the EA obviously otherwise you'd soon lose focus if you know what I mean ... too intense.

I suggest 2 different TFs and 2 different Q values such that as much overlapping between shorts and longs will occur for much of the trading time.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1785 ---
That will be ideal.

I would like to pass through that stress-test as well.

--- 帖子 #1786 ---
Will appreciate if two templates are made.

--- 帖子 #1787 ---
That will take some time and certainly wouldn't be able to get those done tonight.

However, over the next few days I'll look into getting the templates produced.

Does that suit?

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #1788 ---
OK. I understand. Please do it at your convenience.

--- 帖子 #1789 ---
Yes no problem.

Just can't put this type of a template together in 5 minutes.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1790 ---
EU cycle started.

Q40 - M5 - Manual

--- 帖子 #1791 ---
Done.

EU Cycle closed in profit.

To this day, nothing trades as clean and stress free as QAM during Asian session open.

Thank you, Masterrmind!!!!

--- 帖子 #1792 ---
My pleasure and lets see the profits continue to flow.

Don't get too greedy, control the emotions especially when win after win occurs because as you know anything at anytime can interrupt the flow.

Some are avoidable.

Some are not so avoidable.

With your EU cycles the less time in the market can relate to less overall risk so a fast completing cycle at higher relative lot sizing is ideal.

May you have plenty more winning cycles.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1793 ---
Sometimes EA is not able to execute the order and error message says Ordersend error:4109.

What could be wrong in it.

--- 帖子 #1794 ---
I owe these few pips to you, Sir. Thank you for sharing your system, your wisdom and your time.

--- 帖子 #1795 ---
Bravo   Mastermind

you done very good work here

i follow

--- 帖子 #1796 ---
I have had multiple technical issues with being able to post to my threads for reasons unknown.

I've also noticed that the QAM-1k-live TE is not visible anymore and this apparently is because its a cent account and can mislead viewers.

Attached Image

Mislead viewers huh!?

Why then doesn't the team at TE apply the correct currency units ... problem solved!

Therefore in my view it has nothing whatsoever to do with misleading viewers but rather a lack of TE addressing a simple functionality issue.

I guess that's just too difficult for them to handle....

FXBlue live does it seamlessly ...

ps. so I'm not sure what holds for the TE and therefore for those interested please view QAM statistics via myfxbook or FXBlue live.

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #1797 ---
I had issues with my TE too. Not worth the trouble. MyFXBook works great.

Let's move forward, Tokyo is waking up now....

--- 帖子 #1798 ---
My pleasure!

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1799 ---
EA cycle started.

M5 Q40 manual

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1800 ---
USD/CAD cycle also started.

M5 - Q40 - Manual

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1801 ---
Hi Masterrmind,

In my view, USDJPY will be in trend-ranging mode for a few days.

What quantum values should I use for M30 TF EA trading if I were to engage in medium turnover of trades?

An brief explanation on the process done to arrive at the Qs will be very helpful. Thank you.

--- 帖子 #1802 ---
Question for MM...

I noted the strong, quick recovery and read you used very aggressive MM.

My question being....have you thought of setting a separate account up and using the same MM? Gaining 40+% in a week would mean after two weeks with good compounding you'd have returned the initial investment and you could either withdraw the initial balance or keep going?

--- 帖子 #1803 ---
Nice work Platanero.

How did that cycle work out for you?

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1804 ---
I just closed out USD/CAD cycle for a small profit.  (And to give the other cycle more breathing room)

EUR/AUD still active.

The toughest part is staying awake for these when they don't turn a profit right away. Although they usually turn profitable in the same 24 hr period, the wait can be ... character building.

--- 帖子 #1805 ---
I would need to know an expected trading zone such as the 2 handles you wish to trade between.

With UJ that's fairly simple because what I'd look for is key support + resistance levels and make some allowance for nearby key handles.

What are your key handles that you wish to trade between?

Masterrmind..............

--- 帖子 #1806 ---
I personally set aside some profit gained from other trading activities to be used for higher risk trading strategies.

I could trade such an account here however, the reason I do not apply such techniques often is that it would be unfair to newer traders wanting to learn something in FX that might equate to a longer term consistent approach.

Large gains over such short time horizons are high risk and rather dangerous and would also attract much fan fare of which I'm not interested.

Because showing potentially very high gains can simply turn traders into gamblers and eventually to major losses.

I do not wish to promote gambling in FX trading even though many others attempt too.

Unfortunately, with the GBP flash crash it was necessary for me to apply some higher recovery type trades to being the account back to order.

Perhaps after this thread has run its course I might offer an entertainment type thread where I trade from a 10K account on an aggressive setup.

As far as this thread goes though I'm not wanting to promote the rapid gains due to the risk attached its just unfortunate about that sudden flash crash on GBP which has completely ruined an otherwise very good set of trading statistics.

ps. the good thing though is that others can see what can go wrong by unforeseen circumstances in the market and how I was able to restore it ...

pps. I wouldn't really want another trader to have to go though the same rebuilding process though.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1807 ---
Both cycles now closed with profit.

--- 帖子 #1808 ---
Delays in my posts to this thread

I have been unable to post to my threads for most of the day.

In fact I was unable to navigate to my threads whilst signed in and so I was forced to read the threads whilst being signed out otherwise the link would simply not complete.

What I found out was that it must have been related to the cent account TE.

Because as soon as I deleted the TE (after the TE team forced it to private viewing only) I was able to post to my thread once again and navigate at will.

Very annoying to say the least and an odd reason for not being able to post but that's my conclusion.

So now it looks like there will be no TE attached to this QAM method until I grow it and I move it to a live ECN account (>800 000 USCents).

ps. Posting at least is back in order but does anyone get the impression that progressing this account has not been a smooth affair ... hahaha.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1809 ---
Between 100 and 107.50 range. I want to trade in M5 TF .

--- 帖子 #1810 ---
Wonderful news .... well done to you.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1811 ---
I think these flash crashes will now onwards won't be considered an aberration. There is hardly any protest and the market makers will take it granted for acceptance of this practice as we have come to accept NZ flash crashes as a business hazard. We have to now plan for facing such situations by using reliable brokers, keeping enough balance and complain to regulators if stopout levels are not adhered to. On trading side, we have to emulate your recovery effort. Which means using big lots on pullback trades.

It becomes imperative now onward to take out profits regularly and just keep balance in the account enough to do trading. Risk management, trade planning and cash flow arrangement will be the key elements.

Judicious use of fx spot and fx options will also help.

--- 帖子 #1812 ---
M5 TF on a 750 pip trading range .... hmmm.

A higher TF looks more appropriate to me.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1813 ---
In situations as witnessed on the GBP flash crash I was hammered due to the choice of broker ... no question at all.

Everyone has seen the 2 broker charts I posted to this thread.

1 broker had only a downward spike starting close to the DO line.

The cent broker had a similar downward spike but also a 500 pip upper spike.

This triggered multiple pending 1 lot Buy Stops, gave them 100 pip negative slip on entry (ie a higher price) and then a 100 pip negative slip on closure all in the relaxed time span of ..... 1 second.

The loss is not the issue but rather the vastly different trading conditions from 1 broker to the next.

Yes it is a cent account, and yes it is supposed to be a live testing account for small deposits but who in their right mind would want to deal with this craziness.

The other point is that negative slippage on a regulated broker will still occur but perhaps not to such a great extent.

All we know is that a flash crash can and will take more of your money than what your SLs dictate thanks to negative slippage brought about by very poor fill levels.

Makes you think doesn't it .... such as when will the next flash crash strike?

+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

Very good point about taking out profit regularly.

Wait too long to withdraw and there may not be anything to withdraw ....

In QAM account I'm attempting to use plenty of the equity to cushion the DD and drive profit.

So if I withdraw often I lose this benefit.

If I don't withdraw often I may lose a big slice again.

Might have to increase risk to accelerate the growth and get this account into a nicer place ..... hmmm.

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #1814 ---
OK then divide the 750 pips in two parts.

Lower part 100-450

Higher part 450-750

--- 帖子 #1815 ---
Any reason you don't just use the [M5; 40] template?

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1816 ---
M5 40 is ok.

--- 帖子 #1817 ---
If you use the M5 with a Q of 40 then what is it you are asking me to do?

Masterrmind..............

--- 帖子 #1818 ---
How do I calculate the profit and SL targets? And the size of lots?

--- 帖子 #1819 ---
where that explorer be ?

--- 帖子 #1820 ---
Last night. In the heat of battle. Manual cycle.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1821 ---
Unfortunately it looks like the TE team has decided to have cent type accounts set to private viewing only by default.

This means that the TE has not been visible for the past few days.

On top of this issue I had to delete the TE from my own viewing so that I could post to my threads .... sounds weird buts its true.

Well these are the facts so unless TE crew change their ideas then you'll have to go to myfxbook or FXBlue live to see the ongoing results.

ps. They say that a cent denominated account can be misleading (refer previous posts) and I say if they applied the correct currency units there would be no confusion.

Masterrmind..............

--- 帖子 #1822 ---
Nice to see some posted charts.

Looks like you are getting the hang of it now.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1823 ---
This will depend on at least the following information:

1. Account balance

2. Pair(s) being traded

3. TF traded

4. Q value applied

5. Chart structure and assumed trading ranges

6. Risk tolerance (generalized into low, medium and high for simplicity sake)

7. Account balance to minimal lot sizing ratio

8. other factors

If you are trading UJ [M5; 40] with the same ranges you mentioned yesterday please confirm including the account balance.

I have outlined the approach I take in determining lot sizes earlier on in this thread so you might like to have a read over that if you get some time.

Note 1: the application of stops and targets as outlined in the earlier sections of this thread are quite different from how I have been applying them to this cent account because of the favorable balance to minimal lot sizing ratio.

Note 2: On a standard type account far more importance is placed on lot size calculations and SL levels with TPs generally taken care of by a closing Quantum box or within recent PA trading ranges (current day is ideal unless the market has been trading as flat as a pancake and then you'll need to apply some trader judgement including not trading under such conditions but if you do then always look to reduce risk but lowering both your applied lot sizing and the frequency of entries to the market).

Masterrmind..........

--- 帖子 #1824 ---
Account Balance: $50,000

dedicated to trading USDJPY

15 m timeframe

Q value to be advised by you

Targettting 20% of Dailly trading range value in a window of 6 hours

Risk tolerance low , high, and medium : Using three options based on my general view of the volatility and the probable volatility triggers. Will use medium for

range-trading view, high for trending , low for consolidation periods

5% of account balance to be sliced in proportionate lots. My account minimum lot is 0.1 lot. So for $2500 I will get 25000 pips which is to be sliced in appropriate proportionate lots. May be 2500 pips for one complete trade . So can try 10 trades each of 2500 pips sliced in proportionate lots. i hope this makes sense.

Bias toward downward movement as I feel the prime rate cut is already priced in. Will change trading tactics when closer to US red news events. If interest rate cut is not announced bears will act.

--- 帖子 #1825 ---
These types of setups you outline with variations offering multiple options are very time consuming to formulate.

But I'll take a look at it over the following weekend and offer a solution.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1826 ---
LESS POSTING FROM ME

Since the TE for the cent account can no longer be posted and to save repetitive posting of typical pairs being traded I plan to only post some occasional end of week results and of course full end of month QAM-1k-live account summaries.

I think there is plenty of material for interested traders to read including many examples of cycles shown with sufficient commentary.

This means that unless I get specific questions about certain traded (or about to be traded) cycles then my posts moving forward may be limited.

The main objective now is to accelerate the account to about the 8K level and then transfer the balance to a suitable ECN type trading account.

Lets see how this goal progresses over time.

Good trading,

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1827 ---
QAM-1K-live account has now hit +100.33% gain (on balance)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

When the equity hits 100% then a little celebration will be in order.

Current DD is just over 12%.

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #1828 ---
Congratulations and may God bless you.

You have provided enough material for us to catch the fish.

Only those who want to seriously pursue trading as a business or profession by learning and doing together will benefit from the invaluable information you have shared with us.

Thank you again.

--- 帖子 #1829 ---
Many thanks simnz your comments are appreciated.

In a nut shell I'll still be around but I will be trading the account a little more aggressively but repeating what I have already shown here.

Once I've transferred the balance to the ECN account then far more commentary will follow including the use of much of the earlier posted material.

In the meantime expect to see full monthly summaries showing the current accounts progress.

Those traders starting out would be best advised to roll back the risk factor but I will be applying higher risk at opportune times in a bid to accelerate this account to the end of its journey.

ps. I know I've mentioned the 8K mark but really 10K is preferred ... reason behind saying 8K was to get out of this account a little sooner ....

pps. I guess I'll have to see how I'm feeling if the account gets to 8K ... lets see!

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1830 ---
Here is a screenshot of a demo account being traded by simnz via strategic PLS input on turtle pairs by myself.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

A very good equity curve by a very good student.

Keep up the great work simnz and may the curve always point towards the sky.

Only greed and uncontrolled DD can take it away from you ... and NO I'm not going to mention random spikes .... haha.

I'm confident you will hit 100% growth in short time.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1831 ---
Thank you my Guru for your blessings.

I will be off from trading for 4 weeks from Saturday. So the TE will be showing no results.

I am sure by then you will utilise your flash crash experience to devise some kind of preventive mechanism or a natural hedge for all time to work.

Luckily, I had no spot positions in my live account that day. I had put and calls options . So I was not affected. As a result I am now seriously thinking of

using options for negative correlated pairs (with predictable mean reversion tendency and for this I have faith only in EURUSD).

I am a seller of options so for a few days in case of a spot position showing positive results I will face a drawdown in options until premium decay offsets it. Which pairs will be appropriate to trade if I have to balance them by using only EURUSD?

--- 帖子 #1832 ---
A celebration is indeed in order!

And I too second simnz comments and gratitude.

You have provided answers to my own questions that are far beyond what I would have expected. I don't know why you do what you do, Masterrmind, but know that you carry my most heartfelt gratitude for your valuable, gracious and comprehensive contribution to this community.

--- 帖子 #1833 ---
The only real option for the flash crash preparation is to always trade minimal lots and minimal volume.

This is highly impractical from a growth point of view and the account would quite literally take almost forever to get to where I want to go.

One point I would make looking back on this flash crash is that it was a combination of firstly the pending long orders on GU that were triggered on the back of huge negative slippage on both the entry and the exit side which made each trades Stop Loss 200 pips worse off than my 200 pip stops.

So I got hit with basically a 400 pip stop on average per trade.

Might be a good idea to reduce the number and the lot sizing or eliminate pending orders that run over night.

Unfortunately its very difficult to prepare for such an event and thankfully they do not happen that often but when they do and if you have positions in the market its very destructive to your account balance, your trading statistics and your faith in FX altogether.

In terms of hedging in advance of a flash crash it means firstly you would probably need to trade without stops because there is no advance warning as to the likely slippage on entry and exit to trades (not what I would do) and always have pending hedge trades positioned in the market ready to be executed.

I tend to think that there might be some merit in this pre-hedge type approach to limit the effects of a flash crash so I'll look into it further.

What I do not like however, is the use of no stops.

Yes put and call options would not give you any reason for concern at all in this situation.

Spot FX on the other hand gives you plenty of reasons most of which have already been outlined so I won't labor it further.

Both negative and positive correlated pairs can be used and traded long or short as the case requires.

"Which pairs will be appropriate to trade if I have to balance them by using only EURUSD?" ..... simnz

Could you elaborate further on exactly what you mean regarding the question above especially what I've underlined.

Enjoy your trip.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1834 ---
At the end of the day what would really make me happy would be to witness a trader with a live verifiable trading account that blossums from applying the teachings in this thread.

That's all I'd like to see ... a smooth as possible equity curve over a long period of time with no excessive DD recorded.

I will be most interested to witness how many traders follow along when I start with the 10K (or thereabouts) ECN account.

This 10K account will not be traded the same way this cent account has been traded and will most likely focus on turtle pairs with occasional volatile pairs thrown in at times.

Thank you for the comments and please don't hesitate to ask as many questions as you like.

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #1835 ---
I have been trading EurUSd options directionless trading for quite a few years. Because of its volume it doesn't behave like NZD, CAD and keeps moving in one direction some other currencies for longer periods. It keeps reverting to the mean and I make money from the options decay by selling puts and calls within a range box. I will keep moving the range box by doing adjustments (buy back old positions and sell new postions) if the direction changes substantially away from any of the range borders. Because of the experience I am convinced of the frequent mean-reverting quality of EURUSD. So I want to keep EURUSD as part of the pairs portfolio whether as a positive or negative correlated pair as a natural drawdown controller.

--- 帖子 #1836 ---
Yes EU is nothing similar to NZD and CAD pairs.

I always keep the EU in with the turtle pairs of EURCHF + EUEGBP.

Once I start trading the slightly larger account (10K) then you'll soon notice that I might trade EChf + EG as a tandem setup and then depending on the current floating DD of either pair I may add in EU either short or long.

The PLS for the added in pair may be rather aggressive depending on the perceived volatility of all currently traded pairs.

Looking at correlations is important even though they can change a bit over longer periods of time.

In general there are correlations between certain pairs that are very consistent.

These are the ones we are most interested in using in our cycles either as added profit or as DD reducing agents.

If the volatility on currently traded turtle pairs is a little lower than normal many times I look to either increase the applied lot sizings or add in EU.

It is not uncommon to add in a further pair after EU has been added but this 4th pair is decided on how all 3 pairs are progressing.

EURCHF

EURGBP

EURUSD

??? ???

Now imagine a situation where the EURO is very strong and all other currencies are weak.

Quite possible to become over exposed to Euro on the short side wouldn't you think?

If euro heads up hard and fast this opens up multiple short entries on EUR related pairs ... yes?

If the CHF + GBP pairs look reasonably in control that is they are not looking like heading into aggressive DD then simply monitor all pairs and keep a watchful eye on the movement of price.

If DD starts to become an issue based on your assigned floating DD limit then I may introduce a 4th pair as a hedging/balancing type of pair.

It is not often that this situation will arise however you need to know how to protect your account if such a situation arises.

As an exercise I would suggest going through every possible combination on the 3 turtle pairs and then have a list of go-to pairs for each case.

So you need to imagine the following:

1. EURO is super strong and you are instantly into 3 short cycles trending away from you heavily!

a) What would you do?

b) Which pair would you add, in what direction and why?

2. EURO is super weak?

3. EChf is behaving as expected but EG is trending hard to the downside but EU is trending hard to upside ... what pair would you apply and why?

4. Other combinations if and as you have free time.

Its unlikely to have a severe situation on these type pairs but they most certainly occur so its good practice to look at possible scenarios and work out clearly in your mind exactly what action you would take to tame or control the situation.

I highly recommend interested traders apply this exercise as it is very very useful.

I will revisit this soon.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1837 ---
Essentially, what you are saying is that the probability of of a simultaneous equity drawdown of positions on different carefully chosen currencies is unlikely. QAM is based on sort of a anarchy and adding different pairs helps it bring some order to controlling drawdown.

I have traded basket trading of pairs based on single currency and if you happen to be in high trending enviroment, you make huge gains. But it is to be done purely on discretion and the estimation of the duration of the currency strength . Can QAM be tweaked to do that kind of jackpot trading when the trader senses that the momentum is going to accelerate and last for say 15 minutes? This normally happens during Japan early sessions after JPY reverses direction after continuously moving in one direction for three or four days in a row. It also happens during news-events when the market makers want to guide the direction and use pairs of a single currency to impart momentum, sometimes lasting 20-25 minutes in one go.

--- 帖子 #1838 ---
Key words here are 'carefully chosen currencies' but this still does not guarantee that a simultaneous equity DD will not occur.

A DD will still occur no matter what but the severity of the DD is perhaps less likely to occur.

QAM is indeed an approach that attempts to make sense of chaos in the market and generally attempting to minimize floating DD.

Estimating the length of time that a currency remains strong is very subjective and in no way can it be accurately estimated over its full duration.

So what I do is look for momentum buildup after the initial stages of a reversal in trend applying larger lot entries for smaller TPs which take only part of the move and never attempting to take the full move. Confluence also plays a role in this technique. Trades should be very closely monitored here and closed out if a reversal against your entries looks likely. Trader discretion plays a major role here in deciding to let trades run a little longer or close them out sooner.

QAM can be used for such 'jackpot' type trades in fact if you were to study my entries you would find several examples.

Being aware of typical session behaviors of PA on several pairs is very beneficial and I've outlined this several times in the thread.

The typical reversal type behavior of price returning back to the DO line in the Asian session is a major reason for successful trading of QAM.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1839 ---
End of week update

Attached Image

AJ currently has 8 shorts in progress

EA currently has 17 longs in progress

EA currently has 7 pending orders

Balance = 212 214.75 USC

Equity = 193 133.31 USC

Current floating DD = 8.99%

Masterrmind.........

--- 帖子 #1840 ---
When you think about it, what has already been done was the most difficult part. And you've shown not only stellar performance while doing it on a consistent basis but also the ability to survive what to many was a catastrophic unforeseen event with the GBP flash crash. Despite that, you've pretty much doubled the account. A very powerful statement has been made as it is already.

I am excited to see what the future holds for QAM!

--- 帖子 #1841 ---
Current Account Progress

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Month by month gain (including the first day of November)
Attached Image

End of Month Balance
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

November 1 - made about a 10% gain on the day.

Account continues to track well so lets see how the growth develops through November.

My intention is to apply higher lot opportunistic trades on a shorter term but for higher gains.

Current floating DD is about 6%.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1842 ---
Account Equity now well above 100% gain.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1843 ---
Congratts - it looks like you found your way.   I have been fallowing with interest.

--- 帖子 #1844 ---
Thanks for following along.

There is still much more to come and much further to go.

The path taken to the final goal however could prove to be very interesting considering the obstacles I've had to overcome just getting to this point.

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #1845 ---
High Lot Short Term Entries

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Going for faster gains in a shorter period of time and NOT trying to hit a home run.

Fast In Fast Out approach.

Note 1: Initially price pulled against me to the upside (only a handful of pips) but was rejected at the DO line at which point I let loose with a flurry of additional high lot shorts.

Note 2: The shorts opened close to the DO line were then closed out for profit at the mid-S level.

Note 3: Taking early profit provided immediate buffer capital to the account and reduced overall exposure.

Note 4: The earlier high lot entries were then allowed to continue and were then closed out after a nice move down on an M5 candle.

Note 5: Fundamental factors and AUD data also applied in this short term setup.

Note 6: If price had of continued to head up higher and against me then quick closures of several trades would have been necessary.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1846 ---
Asian session

AUDUSD [M5; 40 - MN 403; PLS]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image

Current floating DD close to 4%.

Unlikely to have the latter PLS trades triggered on an M5 TF so the focus is on generating small additional profit in consideration of the current floating DD level.

Setup and ready to go.

Note 1: 5 pending orders have been placed on the EA pair above current price.

Note 2: High lot short term entries may be applied at opportune times throughout the trading day.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1847 ---
AU

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

1 long cycle completed.

Short cycle now in progress.

ps. TE applied once again without issue this time but lets see how long that lasts.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1848 ---
AU - update

5 higher lot shorts applied.

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #1849 ---
AJ - update

Several higher lot shorts applied.

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #1850 ---
AJ - update

Several higher lot shorts closed out near the DO line all in profit.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1851 ---
AU - update

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Several more higher lot shorts added.

Note 1: well aware price could test daily resistance level @ 0.76850 level.

Note 2: well aware of the current floating DD.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1852 ---
AU - update

Multiple higher lot shorts all closed out for profit.

ps. Fast In Fast Out approach.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1853 ---
Account status of QAM-1K-live

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The TE has again been set to "Me Only" due to it being a cent account ... by TE admin not myself.

So unfortunately I will simply just need to hurry this account to 10 grand and then transfer it to an ECN type account.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Onward and upward I shall go!

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1854 ---
A little over 4% gain so far today.

I'll take a short few hours break from trading and then restart nice and fresh for the London and possibly NY sessions.

Its time to carve a path to the moon on this account.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1855 ---
this's ea trading?

--- 帖子 #1856 ---
Not entirely.

The Expert (several) is used to open and also close trades when price action behaves in an almost simple harmonic motion.

However, it is the trader's responsibility to monitor, manage and adjust settings as required on the fly.

This is not a set and forget trading method ... far from it in fact.

A discretionary approach by an alert trader will go along way to making this strategy both successful and profitable.

A constant focus on account balance and current floating DD is a key consideration when it comes to risk management.

When PA runs as expected it is simply a case of watching cycles of trades open and then close for profit by the EA.

When things do not run smoothly it requires timely input from an alert and knowledgeable trader.

This is why I suggest all interested traders to dedicate their time to first learning the strategy from the beginning by reading the thread many times over and then progressing to a small cent type account and then onto a standard ECN type account in very much a similar manner that I have shown throughout my 2 threads.

Questions are always encouraged and welcomed so feel free to ask away as I am very approachable provided I have the feeling that a trader has put in at least some effort.

The QAM Strategy is therefore a combination of Experts, scripts, MM tools, informative indicators, FX awareness, news awareness plus multiple other market factors and a trader who knows what settings to adjust and when to adjust them to both gain profit and to minimize loss.

Note 1: once you read through the thread and you get to see how I have traded both the 1st account then transferred the balance to the current cent account to gain from the balance to minimal lot size ratio you will soon discover that there are many obstacles along the way that need to be overcome. Some of these obstacles are outside a traders control and can therefore lead to large losses as in a brexit crash or the recent GBP flash crash. However, a stronger trader will pick him/herself off the the ground, wipe off the dust and continue forward undeterred from the ultimate goal.

Note 2: once this cent account reaches about US$10 000 then it will be transferred to a standard type ECN account and traded to US$1 000 000.

Note 3: note 2 assumes the account actually progresses at each stage but realistically nothing can be guaranteed in the FX business.

Note 4: you can be certain however, that I will use every skill I have as a trader to hit the ultimate goal by using a transparent approach.

Good trading,

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #1857 ---
AJ

Several high lot shorts in progress.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1858 ---
AJ - update

High number of high lot entries now in progress on the QAM-1K-live trading account.

Extreme short bias on this pair.

PA is now showing a breakdown to the downside but lets see how this continues.

Note 1: From an exposure point of view I would be looking to hedge the positions if the MT4 exposure chart reached 25% on the exposure pie chart.

Note 2: This has not come close so no immediate action was warranted.

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #1859 ---
AJ - update

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Multiple high lot trades closed out near the DO line all in profit.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

About a 5.9% gain so far today.

Current Balance: 268 725.56 USC

Current floating DD: just over 10%.

ps. Now I'm starting to eye the 300 000 USC level.

Masterrmind..............

--- 帖子 #1860 ---
myfxbook

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1861 ---
This is a beautiful sight to see. As much a work of art as anything else.

The blemish from the crash now adds unique character as a scar on a battle-proven warrior.

--- 帖子 #1862 ---
Yes indeed!

Just to emphasize the GBP damage once again here it is in the chart below.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Nothing comes easy in this business as shown here.

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #1863 ---
Reducing exposure on the account

With the US elections not that far away and with several analysts predicting both high volatility possible thin liquidity and crazy spreads it will be my intention to reduce the number of open positions and pending orders on the trading account prior to Tuesday next week.

The plan will be to start minimizing current trades both today and certainly throughout Monday next week.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1864 ---
Current state of the account

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image

Current floating DD just over 4%.

ps. and yes there are slight variations between the TE daily% gain and the i-profit_tracker daily% gain ... due to the way each is calculated.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1865 ---
END OF WEEK SUMMARY

myfxbook
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

FXBlue live
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Onward and upward!

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #1866 ---
its a CENT account, it has HUUUGE drawdown, overall shit results i must say.

--- 帖子 #1867 ---
for a "seasoned veteran" i must say those results are very disapointing.

--- 帖子 #1868 ---
No-one on this planet cares what you have to say!

Now please take a 1-way ticket in my little helicopter ...  ... and go and get lost!

My results are as follows:

Equity:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Balance:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Yep very bad results ... !

Now go and get a life somewhere else as you do not belong here!

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1869 ---
Do you think you were just lucky during the flash crash and what would happen if GBP keeps weakening instead of moving back the half way and save your trades?

What is the difference between gambling and QAM if you are not taking the loss even in the situation like that?

Thanks in advance

--- 帖子 #1870 ---
No I was unlucky!

I had stops in place on every trade so I took a 100 pip negative slippage on entry and a 100 pip negative slippage on exit on every GU trade.

The account took the loss (realized loss as shown in the balance chart in post 1870).

After trades are closed out I could care less what GU PA does at that stage since I'm out of the trades NOT in them.

Then I recovered the loss in very quick time plus some!

QAM is not gambling!

QAM is far more involved so please read all of the thread many times over and ask questions if you want to learn.

ps. "... save your trades" ... do you have any idea about what has occurred here!

Masterrmind..............

--- 帖子 #1871 ---
Refer to post 1870.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1872 ---
Tha makes sense

--- 帖子 #1873 ---
Pay no attention to the foolish.  The numbers speak for themselves and he made a fool of himself when he opened his mouth, so too late to save him.

Meaningless foolishness that adds no value and deserves no response. Let it be what it is.

--- 帖子 #1874 ---
Disturbances come from all angles.

I think my next account update will have to be when 10K is hit ... if it is!

I'll continue to build the QAM account in peace and quiet for the time being.

Good trading,

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1875 ---
I pray for your account to hit 10k soonest so that we get to know of your refined QAM stragegy.

Just curious to know how would you have handled the 13 consecutive rises in USDJPY.

Is there anyway I can visualise the plot for the 13 days on M5 TF to see how scattered quantums behaved during the Asian sessions as an educational exercise by varying quantum values?

I am not familiar with backtesting part but will try if guided.

Is the depreciation of JPY connected with carry trades being unwound? What is your view about it?

Normally I look at NZD chart if I have to get some clues to carry trades being wound.

NZD is a favourte currency for OTC option structures. Looks like NZDJPY may hit 80 handle if JPY weakens further.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1876 ---
What is lagging?.

--- 帖子 #1877 ---
Thanks in your  thread mastermind. I will first read it from the first post and study it. Your a very good man. Helping other traders to succeed.

--- 帖子 #1878 ---
All being well I hope to hit that level sometime later in 2017.

Just plot a vertical line 13 days prior to the current day and apply different Quantum settings from say 10 through to 200 in increments of 10 on a 5 minute TF then zoom in and out and you'll be able to visualize it.

There are probably indicators around to do this but I'm not currently familiar with any although one could be coded easily enough.

Its old news now but yes you are right about the depreciation of JPY and indeed the kiwi is a very popular carry currency.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1879 ---
Lagging:

Most if not all indicators are derived from price and therefore respond after the fact which means price moves first and then the indicator makes its little calculations from these price movements and then it updates.

The indicator visual is therefore lagging behind price which means if you follow an entry signal from a lagging indicator then you are too late to the party and can easily miss out on a nice move which you might have been able to grab hold of if you knew how to trade using PA and ignored the lagging indicators entirely.

Such examples of lagging indicators are as follows:

MACD

RSI

STOCHASTIC

CCI

BOLLINGER BANDS just to name a few.

.......... and the list is endless.

A pivot point indicator is not lagging because it derives its data from a previous period of time and then does the calculation to determine the various levels and then projects them onto the current period whatever that may happen to be (could be H4, D1, W1 or Monthly).

The Quantum indicator is also not lagging because as soon as price breaks through either higher or lower based on user set period (eg Quantum set = 40 on an M5 chart) a signal box appears and it also never repaints and will always print on the same candle that it first appears. An important point to make here is that the candle does not need to complete before a Quantum signal box is printed.

This is why I prefer not to use lagging indicators.

I do like informative indicators though for timely and accurate trading data such as ATR, ADR, drawdown%, current profit etc etc etc.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1880 ---
This is all of only 1 little tiny trading strategy that I apply.

However, based on the account size the application of QAM can be quite different.

For example, on larger account the trading style is far more relaxed but you still need to keep a close watch over the floating DD and any impending news that could potentially send PA far against your cycle.

If you have a quick look at simnz demo TE you will notice a template that I designed and he was kind enough to run it on his own demo account.

The demo account only lasted about 30 days that's why it is no longer running but you can still see the success rate and gain it made.

Any template designed and developed requires quite a lot of analysis that involves a host of parameters such as preferred pair, TF, Quantum value (initial), trading time slot and the list goes on and on.

A different template needs to be designed and developed for each unique situation because for one thing the trading ranges are different and the pair might be a turtle pair or it might be a volatile pair and so the PLS sequence needs to be modified or what will happen is too much stress will be shown on a given account and this is not ideal.

A PLS system then needs to be worked out for a given initial starting balance.

Then the method must be monitored and managed by a capable trader.

The system is phenomenal on an account >>10K but over 100K it is very very enjoyable to trade.

Unfortunately on a smaller account as I am trading here just for the masses of onlookers it is a very different and difficult task.

In short if a trader has 10K then they should trade as I do once I reveal the >>10K QAM strategy (it starts off slowly then winds up ever so gradually with incrementally larger lot sizings in the PLS algo).

However, until I get this cent account up to 10K it will not be revealed.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1881 ---
Probably excellent, this could be very important information, Probably more important for the people that wants to understand how prices works, practically. l use moving average, to calculate how to enter like exactly, l use multiple moving average, the indicators that l use are 30 moving average 1 to 30 exponential moving average.

Based on my genius about time on the currencies the price could make future prices based on price of the past price. Probably you "ask yourself" ¿How can l know

that prices makes an a certain price with prices of the past price?. Probably some banks have strategies for invest certain money and these strategies could make

the price change of price in a stable manner, including other banks; Think that we animals we have certain re-petitive habits. When I see graphics l observe prices

of the chart, practically are the prices of the chart expressed in "candles"!.

(I will continue editing that text in the future!!).

--- 帖子 #1882 ---
If the depth of your pockets are limitless then you have the ability to trade how ever you desire without limitations whatsoever.

Unfortunately for the mere mortals this endless supply of capital is not a reality.

Moving averages are all lagging so sooner or later you will get into or out of a trade or trades at an incorrect time and either make an entry far too late, get out of a trade far too early or get caught up in a reversal right at your entry level and get smashed by the market until your stop reduces the carnage to your trading account.

The larger the TF you trade the less the impact to a certain extent however to place stops for your trades realistically they will need to be far larger in pips from your entry point than on a smaller opportunistic TF.

Smaller swing highs and lows equates to smaller pip distances for your stop.

Larger swing highs and lows equates to larger pip distances for your stop.

A constant MA with 30 periods (simple or EMA) might work fine for X number of days and weeks but there will come a time when the dynamics of the market even on a given pair change that much that your "MA" trades will be way out of sync with the current flowing order flow of the market and you will get smashed and start to lose multiple trades.

The only true successful methods that I've found to work in trading over the past 3 decades is as follows:

1. Technical analysis concepts over intra-day trading that follow PA, order flow and keeping in tune with the changing dynamics of market behavior.

2. Fundamental and sentimental setups that apply sound technical entry points ... seek to allow the market to take you out not an assigned TP level.

3. Hybrid systems that apply single to multiple pairs (incl. turtle, moderate and volatile, indices and hard commodities) that trade in and around known and projected trading ranges and that seek to follow a positive advancing equity curve which limit the floating DD or having the capacity to effectively apply hedging strategies (either same pair or other pairs or other instruments or indeed options hedging relevant to the given situation) in the event that recovery strategies are deemed necessary to protect or recover losses.

4. Unlimited capital trading very small volume (maintaining a very high margin level percentage).

Good trading,

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #1883 ---
I think l will investigate more information about  "successful methods that I've found to work in trading over the past 3 decades is as follows:.

--- 帖子 #1884 ---
QUANTUM-IE-HEDGE STRATEGY

Over the past several months (and drawing on years of experience both trading and mathematical wise) I have been busily working on and refining a Quantum hedging strategy.

This strategy is appropriately named Quantum-IE-Hedge.

Quantum = revolves around trades being taken using the Quantum indicator
I ............. = internal hedging features
E ............ = external hedging features
Hedge ... = "When a currency trader enters into a trade with the intent of protecting an existing or anticipated position from an unwanted move in the foreign currency exchange rates, they can be said to have entered into a forex hedge." Investopedia.

Trading Quantum can lead to large DD issues so some method needs to be applied that seeks to reduce the severity on the trading account.

It makes logical sense that a technique be implemented that considers reducing DD issues in the first place (anticipation).

It then follows that a technique be implemented under more critical trading conditions (existing).

Only a very basic idea of the strategy will be posted here.

The Quantum-IE-Hedge System is quite complicated in its workings however the general concept is rather simple.

After some more forward testing on a few demo accounts it is planned that the method be coded into mql5 and perhaps higher level programs.

A demo account with an initial balance of US$50 000 will be used on AAFX brokerage for the purposes of forward testing.

Some refining and fine tuning of the strategy will be completed as trading and assessments are made.

Updates to the Q-IE-H Strategy will be done in a timely manner once improvements are identified.

This is to ensure the smooth progression of the strategy since getting it coded into mql5 is the medium term goal at this stage.

Note that the inner workings of this hedging strategy are highly advanced and therefore I will only cover the general basics in this thread.

The plan is to implement a learning algorithm into mql5 or preferably higher programming language such that the Expert Advisor learns from mistakes made and makes adjustments including rolling updates to the key parameters.

I will not elaborate in depth about how it works internally except to give broad descriptions.

Time to get started and January is as good a time as any.

Good trading to all in 2017 and beyond!

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1885 ---
wish u happy new year mate

--- 帖子 #1886 ---
This is a testing phase in forward motion and it is expected that obstacles will jump out in front to hamper the progress of trading.

This is the benefit of trading a test (or several) run over many months before trading it live.

Starting in January will also test it but that's my purpose I want to see how it unfolds from low volatile to higher volatile trading periods over days, weeks and months.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Initial observations to be made are as follows:

1. Demo Account only

2. US$50 000 initial capital

3. 2 pairs (only GBPJPY and Gold initially but others can and may be added for different reasons).

4. Pairs are negatively correlated (by my analysis).

5. 4 traded charts (but only 2 pairs).

Trading will commence some time during this week as this broker is asleep today.

...... more to come

Masterrmind..........

--- 帖子 #1887 ---
wish u happy new year mate

--- 帖子 #1888 ---
Happy New Year to you too!

Wishing you an awesome 2017.

Masterrmind..........

--- 帖子 #1889 ---
Q-IE-H

The method will use an existing MT4 EA (refer previous screenshot) to open trades at assigned Quantum boxes, later MT5 will be used.

The Quantum input values are set the same for both pairs in this test but they will be modified as trading progresses.

Ideally and logically speaking each pair should have 2 unique Q input values for each chart and each pair should have different Q values.

Starting off near Tokyo Open is not seen as such a big deal for similar Q values on both pairs.

However, these Q values will be changed dynamically by myself when required.

The MT5 Expert will do much of the readjusting of parameter input values to lessen the workload of the trader.

The MT5 Expert will also apply a type of learning algorithm that gathers data on losing trades and makes modifications.

Until the MT5 Expert is completed (much later on) the trader will need to keep rather busy.

No matter the advancements in the MT5 or other trading Expert Advisor in my view the trader must always monitor and manage cycles of trades and keep well informed as to the current floating DD either visually (screen) or alert push notifications to a smartphone/email etc.

So MT4 will be used now and MT5 will be used in the final version after a few (or several) months of forward testing have been completed.

The fewer the issues the more likely MT5 EA will be developed.

ps. TE applied and myfxbook will also be available.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1890 ---
How are the parameters determined?

The general approach is basically as follows:

1. Pair unique trading history (also projected)

2. ADR and ATW trading ranges (depending on actual preferred trading window)

3. Extensive fitting of Quantum values over an applicable trading period

4. Excel analysis that uses multiple parameters (Pair, TF, Ranges, volatility, Q values, etc etc etc)

5. Pair 1 needs to be matched up to Pair 2

6. Overlapping frequency of different Quantum values on the same pair need to be analyzed in depth

7. Point 6 needs to be done for Pair 2

8. Comprehensive Excel sheet used for final approach must consider PLS lot sequence, Account Balance, and risk rating.

9. Other factors

Note that it is possible to determine the parameters for any pair in my Excel Sheet over any balance and any risk rating.

In terms of risk rating this refers to the PLS as matched to the initial account balance of which I currently have 3 (low-1, medium-2 and high-3).

Other intermediate risk ratings can be added if needed.

The likely volatility and ADR of a given pair are also considered and values are then adjusted accordingly.

The PLS is determined over 42 levels which should be sufficient to handle an M30 TF however time will tell moving forward if this holds true.

Additional levels can be added if and when required including an updated PLS lot sequence for any pair.

ps. unfortunately I will not be providing the Excel Sheet.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1891 ---
GBPJPY + GOLD Cycles Started

Trading has commenced at the start of the London Session today.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

2 shorts generated on the GJ pair

Gold is yet to be triggered.

GJ [M30; 25, 100; TP 100, 250]

Usually trading will commence from close to Tokyo Open give or take an hour.

Lets see how the cycles unfold in time.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1892 ---
A modest start to the Q-IE-H Strategy.

+1.2% daily gain on the 1st day and this was taking it very easy.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

ps. once my analytics are up and running I will be looking at posting some form of representation of the floating DD% to the gain generated.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1893 ---
Q-IE-H Setup running from closer to Tokyo today.

Lets see how today turns out although entries will probably be generated later in the day due mainly to positioning of current price to Quantum boxes on all 4 templates.

I'm not in a hurry so I'll simply wait for the market to react.

myfxbook link to this strategy available from here:

https://www.myfxbook.com/members/MAS...17-dt1/1914952

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1894 ---
Hi MM, FYI  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1895 ---
Issue fixed.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1896 ---
I will see your portfolio. You are very smart, compared with all ""for-ex"" investors.

--- 帖子 #1897 ---
Appreciate the compliment.

Good trading,

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1898 ---
thank you MM. I found that "Trading Activity" -> "History" is private, can you turn it on?

--- 帖子 #1899 ---
All other features will remain as they are unless changed.

Thank you,

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1900 ---
Progressing steady but on track.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Note 1: GJ Both TPLs default and unchanged at this stage.

Note 2: Gold TPL#1 Q value updated manually to 50 with TPL#2 unchanged at 100.

Masterrmind.......

--- 帖子 #1901 ---
Cycles of trades are controlled by the MT4 Expert.

But monitored and managed by the trader.

At the end of the trading day (trader defined time) the Expert is removed from all 4 templates.

Positive trades are usually closed out.

Negative trades (floating) may be allowed to run over night all with stops and TPs applied.

On a Friday/Saturday (last trading day of the week) it is preferable to have no trades open over the weekend (gap + other issues).

Cycles on GJ and Gold are set again and in action.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1902 ---
QUANTUM-IE-HEDGE

January 2017

Week 1 results are as follows:

myfxbook
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Statistics so far
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Maximum floating DD (True)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Black line = $50000 initial balance
Blue line = progressive balance over time
Red line = equity curve over time

Trades still running
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Gain on Balance = $3372.20 (6.74%)

Gain on Equity = $2492.99 (5%)

Max. True floating DD = 9.28%

Current floating DD = $879.21 (1.76%)

Note: Monday was not traded so it was a 4 day trading week only!

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1903 ---
Excellent. .

--- 帖子 #1904 ---
Yes going strong but its still very early days.

Searching for ways to minimize or reduce the floating DD is key here.

However, on a DD intensive strategy a trader of this method needs to be realistic.

Expect DD to be in the range of 2-3 times the gain made and anything better than that is a big bonus.

Week 1 DD hit 9.28% to a gain of 5%(Equity) which is 1.8:1 DD to Reward ratio.

Lets see how it pans out over several months.

ps. the idea of this forward test is to tweak it and fine tune it attempting to eliminate major issues that get discovered.

pps. I'm rather busy in the background with this particular Quantum-Hedge strategy because it appeals to me.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1905 ---
Managing the DD is make or break.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1906 ---
Yes indeed!

It is the million dollar question for sure.

DD discussions are very limited here including the concept of equity curve management.

Masterrmind..........

--- 帖子 #1907 ---
DT1-Test 1

DD on this account is now over 60%.

Account leverage is 1000:1.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Note 1: An automated hedging approach is not being applied which limits a timely input.

Note 2: Once the MT5 EA is applied a timely and automated hedging approach will result making a drastic improvement (that will come later).

The trader will still need to make a judgement call in terms of cutting or adding trades.

What is a logical approach to take under the current DD conditions?

Lets see how DT1 pulls out of the fire it currently sits in ... will it? or won't it?

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1908 ---
hey this;s ea trading method mate

--- 帖子 #1909 ---
Its a demo test run only.

An EA opens and closes the trades usually but with trader monitoring and making input at times.

I will be getting an MT5 Expert coded to trade this Quantum Hedge method in the future so at the moment I am running trades overnight without a hedging component coded into the currently applied MT4 EA.

This means that DD levels can become rather high and non-tradeable from a risk point of view on a live account.

Considering that Gold and especially GJ pair are being traded the DD can escalate rather quickly if not contained.

This is likely considering that I cannot monitor the progress of cycles of trades 24/5 and the fact that I remove the expert from all 4 charts before retiring at the end of a trading day.

So there may be multiple demo runs trading Gold and GJ because I'm looking for overlapping within the cycles and how DD progresses based on an assigned PLS lot sequence.

The PLS lot sequence might need to be tamed down somewhat on these large range instruments and this is why a demo test run in used.

The risk rating defined in the Excel sheet has the ability to determine multiple risks given a series of parameters but currently I have only 3 ratings.

I use an elaborate Excel sheet to determine a best fit PLS approach but when the market charges on hard and fast this is when it will become crucial that a timely hedging strategy is applied to the cycles of trades on multiple pairs (usually just 2 pairs but can be more) in the case when 24/5 trading occurs although DD on day-only cycles will also need to be monitored continually.

Gather data, make observations, turn this into useful information before trading live on a 100K account.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1910 ---
thank reply

--- 帖子 #1911 ---
This demo test DT1 could be gone by as soon as today.

DT2 -test run will then take its place and the collection of data and observations of cycles will continue ... modifications to parameters will be made.

It is preferable to start DT2 (or the next test in the series) from the start of the week but lets see.

Multiple tests can be applied at the same time but the data needs to be analyzed and so one that follows another appears logical.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1912 ---
DT1 Test has now been retired.

DT2 Test will commence start of next week.

Note: several key points have been learned from running DT1 which will be updated and applied to DT2 in due course.

Masterrmind..............

--- 帖子 #1913 ---
Hi Masterrmind,

do you think about hedging through a currency basket or you even test it or do you have any statistic data about it and if you could see any correalation in baskets?

--- 帖子 #1914 ---
Hi,

bought and the trend is on before. I think that will match the success of egg entrance to the MN1.

Regards

Attached Image

--- 帖子 #1915 ---
Yes and hedging through a basket will likely require far lower PLS lot sequence.

I've noticed that several other traders have attempted with a large basket (in correlation) without any success.

This is not to say that it can't be a success but I have not witnessed it.

Larger the starting balance the greater the number of opportunities.

Also the lower the time spent in the market the lower the risk.

The higher the time spent in the market the greater the risk.

So a trading window will be used in DT2.

Note too the instruments being traded are certainly not turtle pairs!

Masterrmind..........

--- 帖子 #1916 ---
Not sure what you are showing but all the best in your trading.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1917 ---
DT2

Planned to commence February 1.

Likely to be traded over a much smaller trading window as much as possible.

Constant exposure to the market over a rolling period is far from ideal especially since no automated system is yet in place to make timely adjustments when required.

Without these timely inputs the cycle of trades is at the mercy of the markets and as we know this can be very very brutal.

From a manual approach this means that a smaller trading period will be applied probably in the Asian session with some cycles taken in London.

Asian session will trade higher volatile pairs (usually).

London session will trade lower volatile pairs (usually).

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #1918 ---
Buy when there beneath the blue line and there the first blue square and continue to buy every blue square until there beneath the blue line. In this case we are following the trend with a martingale but our lot will soon be filled enormously.

--- 帖子 #1919 ---
QUANTUM-IE-HEDGE 2017 DT2

February 1 2017

50K start - Tickmill demo account for testing purposes only.

500:1 leverage

Only GJ and Gold will be traded.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

2 pairs traded.

4 charts.

M5 and M30 time frames.

Quantum initially set at M5 [40 - 40] and M30 [25 - 25] for both GJ + Gold .... these settings will change over time based on PA.

Note: TE + myfxbook will also be attached for those interested.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1920 ---
QUANTUM-IE-HEDGE 2017 DT2

myfxbook link as follows:

https://www.myfxbook.com/members/MAS...17-dt2/1957963

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1921 ---
live acc blown i see..

--- 帖子 #1922 ---
Masterr, what had happened with the live cent account with FXTM?

p.s. I usually do not support Soros, but this time his post is so funny. I like sarcastic and cynical guys, when they do it right...

--- 帖子 #1923 ---
If only you traders could read the thread!

Please refer to post #1876.

As for Sorros ... well he simply cannot see 2 feet in front of himself ... with no concept of trading whatsoever!

He spends his time as a full-time troll and nothing more than that!

Good trading,

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1924 ---
I am reading. I am reading... Following the tread. Just wondered why would you post new demo TEs?!? The first thing that crossed my mind was something went wrong with the live cent account? Then saw the funny Soros post and decided to ask...

Don't get me wrong. I am a well wisher. I trade live cent accounts at FXTM, too. Trying to make 10-20% a week there. Would not post them here, because of guys like Soros, which amuse me a lot, but don't want to spend time and energy to explain or defend. It is easy to light the fire in me and that is destructive way of good energy to spend elsewhere, alternatively. It is my money. Fuck everybody else opinion...

--- 帖子 #1925 ---
To answer your question, Masterrmind has been doing this for years now, he is what we called a "Self Proclaimed Guru" basically he is here for atention, and he keeps uploading new TE's and blowing them, hes done it many times, ask yourself this question: "Do traders who trade Live Acc have time to trade Demo??" also ask yourself this question "Why would he all of a sudden stop trading his Live acc??" wierd wont you say??  Well he can call me a troll all he wants, he knows the truth deep down in his heart.

--- 帖子 #1926 ---
MasterrMind is a DEMO MILLIONAIRE

--- 帖子 #1927 ---
Understood. I realized demo is kind of game over for me. Moved all important developments from demo to live cent. Using demo only for new EAs bug fixing and once all bugs get fixed, I start using the new EA on the cent. Live trading makes me more focused, while demo created bad trading habits i try now to get rid of quickly...

I wonder about the attention thing... If one has a profitable system, maybe one can cash it on somehow, by attracting more attention? If one has not come to that point yet, what is the use of catching any attention whatsoever?

--- 帖子 #1928 ---
[quote=MoneyZilla;9564041]{quote} Understood. I realized demo is kind of game over for me. Moved all important developments from demo to live cent. Using demo only for new EAs bug fixing and once all bugs get fixed, I start using the new EA on the cent. Live trading makes me more focused, while demo created bad trading habits i try now to get rid of quickly... I wonder about the attention thing... If one has a profitable system, m

A new live trading account (standard type ECN) starting at $1000 trading QAM methodology will commence at a later time.

The purpose of this new account is to trade from a clean slate with the intent to use the same broker from 1K through to 10K.

What I want to eventually show here is a clean attempt on the same brokerage account from a 1K start through to at least 10K.

Then using the same trading account trade using a 'slightly' different variation of QAM to run it through to a million.

Enjoy the ride when it finally graces the FF pages.

ps. a modified QAM strategy is currently having its final few test runs as shown on the examples below.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

+43.81% gain in 2 days ... lets see where this goes.

Good trading,

Masterrmind.........

--- 帖子 #1929 ---
If you read my thread the answer would jump right out at you.

Poor trading conditions especially the spread.

This has been outlined previously.

With all the account swapping from one broker to the next attempting to find reasonable trading conditions that match my methodology with the brokers trading conditions on a cent account.

This so far is not seen to be possible ... perhaps one day when an 'ideal' broker comes along then things might be very different.

However, I plan to run a live 1K account (standary type ECN) using QAM after this final test period has been completed on the demo runs.

Sit back and enjoy the ride pal as you clearly clearly have no interest in trading whatsoever!

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1930 ---
Day 1

Gain = 12.13%

DD = 7.27%

Day 2

Gain = 30.88%

DD = 18%

Gain > DD on both trading days.

This is particularly interesting since in general the DD tends to 2 to 3 times the gain made using the Quantum concept.

So I've been busy in the background working on this QAM Method.

Why?

I see great value in it.

Good trading,

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1931 ---
LOL, i agree with it

--- 帖子 #1932 ---
This current test run on demo starts at the London Open and continues through to about NY+4 hours.

This is getting a bit late for me though so time slot trading hours are currently under investigation.

I will be starting trading at London Open again today.

On this demo account I will also be trading Friday however on the live account it is perceived that either no trading occurs on that day or if so then a 4 hour slot somewhere during the Asian session say from Tokyo Open might be feasible.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1933 ---
Has Soros ever had a live trading account attached to a TE or myfxbook?

Has Masterrmind?

I don't need to ask if you have now do I.

Good trading,

Masterrmind..........

--- 帖子 #1934 ---
I wish you make it from 1k to 10k and then to 1m.

QAM's problem seems to be the trend. In a long run, this strategy does not have any chances whatsoever. But if you catch 2-3 ranging years in a row, maybe then you can make it?

With certainty you will fail, if you will keep all profits within the account. Do daily withdrawals and trade the same account size each time. Then you will be safe...

--- 帖子 #1935 ---
sorry. no posting.

--- 帖子 #1936 ---
@Zailone

No commercial agendas please ... you are in breach of the rules!

Masterrmind..........

--- 帖子 #1937 ---
Some of what you have said is right but most is incorrect.

1. The trend can be Quantums enemy that is true ... [running out of margin before a significant pullback is more crucial]

2. But the trend does not need to be the enemy of the QAM Method ... [minimizing entries, lot sizing, trade mangement strategies, TF and Q choice]

3. You say this strategy does not have a chance in the long run ... [incorrect but you need to define what you mean by "In a long run" # of years??]

4. Catching 2-3 ranging years has nothing to do with QAM's success whatsoever ... [I seek typical range periods by choosing a time slot so a 2-3 year suggestion by you is nonsense]

5. As I have said before this QAM Method is my attempt to show that a small account (1K) can be traded to 10K and then by altering the strategy trade it from 10K-1M

6. You mention daily withdrawals ... this is highly relative to initial balance and the trader and not suitable on a small start balance with the express ideology of generating a trading profit buffer that can soak up some of the DD experienced from time to time especially in its infancy.

However, I do agree that at some point in the future on a live account it is important to withdraw from the profits at least the initial balance amount plus some to cover inflation over time.

My view would be to perform a 100% withdrawal of the original balance once at least a 200% gain has been made on the trading account (this is up for future discussion as to the exact amount at which a withdrawal will be made but starting from $1000 I would not even consider a withdrawal until at least the $3000 level.

7. As stated many times before this is about attempting to grow 1K to 10K then 10K to 1M ... failure is not an option!

Good trading,

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #1938 ---
London Open not that far away about an hour so I'll be trading QAM (??) by unleashing the aggressive Experts.

As always the cycles of trades will be monitored and managed throughout.

Masterrmind.........

--- 帖子 #1939 ---
London Open

Start of the session as follows:

Attached Image
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I'll post updated screenshots at the completion of the 9 hour session.

Good trading,

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1940 ---
Why not just trade QAM with the trend? Why going against the major movements?

Long run can be anything in between just few weeks and few years?

QAM is not a bad strategy. It will just not work the way you do plan it. You need to withdraw daily. The D-day will come. Every year there is at least one D-day. That is not a problem at all. Once it does come, you lose the base balance (or a hefty portion out of it) and you are gonna be out of troubles for quite some time, till the next D-day comes.

The main question is "How much you made in between two D-days?"... Manage that and you will be OK trading QAM till the end of time.

Is it really nonsense? You will find it out for yourself. Just trying to spare you some time, but if you do insist to waste it...

The crude reality is, in between 3 and 6 months, there are movements that do kill every single strategy the market makers do know about. That is why it is hard to find successful retail traders having records for the last few or more years... But you might get lucky and slip in between two moments like that?!?

Maybe you are right. Prove us, the skeptics wrong. Still I am a well wisher, but see you are talented trader, going into the wrong direction. Maybe there is no wrong direction? Like in sex - there are no wrong holes, right? In trading, it is just a learning curve, I guess...

--- 帖子 #1941 ---
You need to realize how Quantum generates entries.

A trend is needed to generate a series of entries that typically are placed in the opposing direction of the current trend.

Then a large enough pullback is required to close out the cycle of trades in net profit (PA against the previous trend).

You also need to realize that in professional trading a typical successful horizon is at least 3 years.

Generally if a trader has shown consistency over a 3 year term then they may get allocated a larger account to trade.

A larger account to trade typically means more profit in their pocket but not necessarily a higher trading% (it depends on other factors).

QAM will (or should) work the way I planned it because I planned it ... right!

Time will eventually prove or disprove my plan.

On the previous QAM-Live account I met with a D-Day situation, the GBP flash crash so having another case like this in the future I would say is almost 100% probability, the only question is when?

Have you read this thread to see how I recovered the loss brought about by the GBP flash crash ... it is all documented in this thread.

Full recovery in less than 2 trading days but the risk I applied was rather large but necessary to get the immediate result I needed.

QAM is all about managing risk and managing the strategy.

How long do you think it is that I have been trading QAM?

I started in the Quantum London Trading thread.

Then I developed my own approach and focused trading in the Asian session (London can be traded for 1 big cycle too ... I chose to reduce risk by trading in the smaller range session on less volatile pairs ... and it works like magic).

I have enormous experience trading in the ATW session on the turtle pairs.

But my mission here is to simply trade this on a small 1K account and although a cent account provides a very good solution the spread on a cent broker forbids trading the turtle pairs because the ranges and the spread together produce little to no profit.

I continue to trade this Asian Trading Window (ATW) however on a much larger account with low to medium risk settings and a spread thats next to nothing and the account thrives.

Check out the strategised template I developed for simnz and although this demo account had a life of only 30 days or so due to Pepperstones demo trading conditions the account growth will show you the power of the QAM Method ... larger the account the easier it is to trade.

However, that being said a trader must always monitor and manage his or her account even if an Expert Advisor is basically taking care of business.

Luck does not form part of the method however, the fewer the flash crashes and black swan events the better we will all be.

There are several retail traders that have records that show reasonable consistency over at least a 2 year period but like me they tend not to publicly display this information because its simply personal and their own business. I've made an exception with the QAM Method trading account because the starting balance is almost nothing and its rather challenging to get this little account moving and I'm all for challenges as they keep the blood flowing.

I will do my best to prove it applying all the skills I can muster so sit back and hopefully enjoy the show.

Sad really that very few want to learn with the majority here simply being armchair champions without a clue how to manage a trading account.

The traders that do show an interest ... well I know they will learn many important concepts.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1942 ---
btw it is possible that you make a positive hedge and the QAM never to get into a DD trouble, at least in trend wise kind of troubles (experiencing now)... not speaking about bankers' directed flash-crash and racist (colored) swamp events

Can you predict the CT lotsize in use? Prior to opening it? And where, likely, it will open?

--- 帖子 #1943 ---
Hedging is being developed it is an interesting journey to say the least.

I have been looking into developing a strategy that thrives on hedging but really hedging is to minimize potential losses, reduce the risk on the trading account and give the account time to breathe again after a nasty DD.

Nevertheless, the other demo account is trading a test run of a hedging type strategy although at the moment there is only 1 cycle of GJ trades in action. Once these have been completed then Gold and GJ will again be traded in unison with varying TFs and varying Q values such that a hybrid hedging effect is developed.

A prediction can always be made however, there is never a 100% guarantee that price will turn at a given level.

It is possible to get rather close but the market decides in the end and just when you think you have the level sorted PA will drive price away.

It is not possible to know in advance how many Q signal boxes will be produced between 2 price levels or a support and a resistance level because price can slow down and consolidate in between and produce tiny new highs on the applicable chart and pump out Q boxes at the close of all these candles. We also do not know how long price will take to get from level A to level B. But we do know that after the relevent new high or new low based on the Q period that 1 new Q will be produced. We also know on a given TF that only a certain maximum number of trades can be generated per time for example on M1 chart we can only have a max of 60 entries per hour.

Technically we can attempt to find turning points, zones of extreme price levels (high or low as the case may be) but at the end of the day remember that price is the king and if it chooses to go higher above and beyond overbought or below oversold zones then it can do so.

Masterrmind ...........

--- 帖子 #1944 ---
END OF THE SESSION AS FOLLOWS:

Attached Image
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

A widening gap between balance and equity is of concern.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1945 ---
indeed

--- 帖子 #1946 ---
The blind following the blind!

You two are trolls to the nth degree.

Testing phase on a demo account comes first whether its kept in the background or posted to this thread.

I chose to post it to my thread ... fair enough wouldn't you think?

In this testing phase any obvious signs of flaws in the system will be addressed.

Is sharing my thinking and my progress such a bad thing?

I care not what you think actually and will continue to progress this QAM project happily without you.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1947 ---
Day 4 of the test run

London Open

Start of the session as follows:

Attached Image
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

On a live account perhaps friday would not be trade or if it was perhaps a few hours in the earlier part of the Asian session.

Being a test its ideal to see what this system can handle.

The Expert gets turned on at London Open and turned off about 9 hours later at the end of the London session.

At this stage of the testing the open trades at the end are simply allowed to keep running without any input whatsoever.

In the live run the MT5 EA will apply a variety of features based on the current account status after considering many parameters.

The DD for the start of this session is not ideal but I will run it anyway to see how the system copes.

The equity curve however is still well above the starting capital which is what I am more concerned about.

However, as time goes on over the course of several trading days I will seek to have an equity curve that trends to the upside, dips are expected but focus must be kept to ensure the initial balance is not breached (if this is the traders lowest level of defence).

As the balance curve and the equity curve trend upwards it is then my preference to start reducing this buffer zone of DD.

This may involve hedging activity or the closure of some or all of a group of trades on one or more pairs being traded.

The situation will have much to say as to what action is ultimately taken.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1948 ---
Thank you Guru for educating on risk issues.

--- 帖子 #1949 ---
Hi simnz,

Indeed risk is what it is all about.

Although I am pushing this current test run very hard.

If you notice the vertical dashed blue lines on the charts above (posted above) this is London Open and on every day traded so far the DD increases quite alot before moving to the upside. Considering this fact and DD pattern it is clear to see that today would most likely create another DD situation to occur in the equity curve ... which it has done and today its a fairly large pullback which is putting pressure on the account although as I type this the initial balance (1K) has yet to be breached.

Attached Image

The idea will be to start fresh on Monday and reduce some of the current risk I have running on this small 1K account.

Test it hard until it breaks or almost breaks and then start winding the risk back until several test runs produce a reasonable starting point for a live test run.

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #1950 ---
This kind of reaction on London Open - is it on selective basis - perhaps something to do with the economic events due later or I am reading too much into it?

Is it sort of some positioning being taken by large liquidity providers before the economic event ? or the winding up of action taken a couple of days ago with the economic event in view?

Should the risk management take into account this kind of economic event plot and use discretionary trading to trade or not ?

--- 帖子 #1951 ---
EQUITY AND BALANCE CURVES

Day #1

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Day #2

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Day #3

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

What story do they tell us?

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1952 ---
An equity + balance curve update will be posted closer to NY Open (5 hours into the London session).

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1953 ---
The market direction can change during NY session so what I'll be looking for is a favorable close of the gap between the equity/balance curves.

The intention is to minimize trades that run over the weekend as much as possible.

On a live account the idea would be to use friday to slowly close out any left over trades from the day before.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1954 ---
Equity and Balance Curve at NY Open (progress update on the first 5 hours of trading)

Although a pullback to the downside at LO is expected certainly not very entertaining to see the large drop in equity today ...
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Each one of the silver horizontal lines shown on the chart are separated by a gap of $100 so it is indeed a tall ask to expect the Equity curve to close all the way up the yellow balance curve live.

A reduction in this gap is what is sought.

Looking for an upswing in the Equity curve .... lets see.

Masterrmind........

--- 帖子 #1955 ---
It can be a combination of all those factors.

Due to the moves in PA at London Open and the way Quantum works it is to be expected that DD will build up in this part of the trading day since positions are opened contrary to the trend.

The danger is an extended trend without a reasonable pullback ... if no action is taken this may result in a longer term DD situation for the trading account which is never really favorable but not necessarily critical.

Ofcourse the %DD of the account is the key consideration here and the available margin.

This test I'm running comprises of more than 1 pair, in fact several pairs are being traded on the little 1K account.

A key parameter has also been introduced which when tweaked ever so slightly has a profound impact on the cycles of trades being produced.

This parameter can be different for different pairs since it is coded into the EA.

Termination or filtering out of losing trades at a pre-determined %DD level appears to be a necessary action to save the account.

Depending on how this current account performs tonight I may start with another account Monday and be strict on the DD level.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1956 ---
Equity now testing the initial balance level.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Without favorable PA it is likely that the Equity curve will remain near to current levels.

However, lets wait and see since from NY onwards anything is possible.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1957 ---
End of London

Attached Image
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Trades will be allowed to run through.

EA removed.

Stops + TPs in place.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1958 ---
CLOSE OF TRADING

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1959 ---
END OF WEEK

4 DAYS OF TRADING SUMMARY (Tuesday through to Friday)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Summary Points:

Equity increased 40.65% over a 4 day period.

Balance increased 85.17% over a 4 day period.

97% strike rate.

DD varied across the 4 days with day 4 being the highest.

Identical settings for days 1, 2 and 3 however Day 3 started with carry over DD.

Day 4 settings had changes made only to the final block of lot sizing in the very very tame PLS.

Basically the system runs an almost CLS lot sequence although lot sizes do increase ever so mildly in later stages of trading which means technically it is a PLS setup but very very very tame.

The option to explore a mild to aggressive PLS setup will also be explored some time in the future.

As the days continued the DD showed diverging tendencies after Day 1 with the major impact shown on Day 4 producing a touch of the equity curve on the initial balance line.

NY session provided a needed pullback of the equity curve to the upside.

DD control will need to be stepped up.

This is QAM High Gainer concept being tested so higher DD levels are to be expected although a capping of DD may be needed to protect its progress.

Good trading,

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1960 ---
Thank you Masterrmind for providing an invaluable analysis of

* how the change in market conditions affects the system to fail

* how to find out if the system is not performing

* whether the system is beyond repair or needs modifications

Your discretionary trading experience is able to hold the system so far.

Will you be able to transfer your discretionary trading skills for an EA to work?

The kind of templates you made for me worked very well and unfortunately the broker did not allow more than 30 days for the demo to work.

You are treat fx trading as serious business and this gives encouragement to traders like me.

--- 帖子 #1961 ---
I appreciate your thoughtful words and commentary.

Not all discretionary thinking on the part of the trader can be transferred to an EA although many things can be.

Running a live (continually updating) Equity and Balance Curve is very important because a trader gets to observe the recent and the current.

Numbers are important but just looking at a number does not tell you all of the story ... an Equity Curve tells a much larger story.

The information needs to be processed and then adjustments made to the strategy if deemed necessary.

You might like to apply the templates I made for you on a demo that doesn't have a time limit.

There are many other brokers with no time limits on demo accounts (search online or PM me for a few examples).

The issue with the current demo test run is the escalating DD (Equity Curve headed down) whilst the Balance Curve heads for the moon.

But this will not be sustainable over the long run or even over a few more days at the current rate since free margin will likely dry up on such a small funded account.

I will start another demo test on Monday with modified parameters still at 1K initial balance though and plot out its equity Vs balance curve over time.

An interesting fact is how the Daily Gain > %DD every day except Day 4.

Usually with Quantum trading its the other way around the %DD is 2-3 times the gain.

So I see it as a step forward however, %DD levels that exceed say 30% might be a little harder to accept on a live account.

Depends on the situation, the purpose of the funds, how they were raised in the first place and the list goes on.

Treating FX as a serious business is very important.

ps. EA project is coming along rather nicely albeit at a slow pace ... looking forward to its completion.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1962 ---
Start of a new week.

Day 5 of the test run

Due to quantity of trades open on the account and the current DD the EA will not be turned on from London Open.

The idea will be to run the current orders through much of London and make another assessment just before NY Opens.

There are no serious concerns with the DD at this stage I simply do not wish to add more potential stress.

Current State of account at London Open as follows:

Attached Image
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Note that the current DD shown is not really accurate since it is based on the initial balance (1K) instead of current balance.

The DD amount in $ is correct though.

That means that the account currently has a $350.80 floating loss on a current balance of $1944.19 which is a DD of 18.04%.

ps. if the DD and the number of trades has reduced by NY Open then I may unleash the Expert ... time will tell.

pps. DD can be determined any number of ways however I will modify the calculation in the indicator such that it reads off the current account data.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1963 ---
Not much change in account conditions so at this stage it will be a matter of keeping a close watch over the trades and the DD.

Bit of a pullback in the equity curve just after London Open (expected) but DD has stabilized somewhat.

Masterrmind .........

--- 帖子 #1964 ---
London Open

Day 6

Current Equity and Balance curves as follows:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

DD stabilized somewhat so the Expert has once again been unleashed.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1965 ---
An update will be provided in the form of another chart around NY Open.

This system is showing itself to be quite resilient.

Several more days of testing required though so lets see how it all pans out.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1966 ---
NY Open Update.

Chart showing the Balance and Equity curves at NY Open as follows:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

DD remaining stable, Equity curve trapped in a range while the Balance continues to rise.

Clearly it is the Equity curve that we need to see growing too but at least it is not looking to be heading in reverse.

Expert removed, all trades with TPs and stops in place.

Cluster of trades will now run unaided.

ps. Next update will be around London Open tomorrow.

Good trading,

Masterrmind.........

--- 帖子 #1967 ---
London Open

Day 7
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Balance gain close to 120%.

DD pulled back nearer to LO but Expert has now been applied to test the impact.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1968 ---
Update

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Vertical Lines:

Silver (thick) = Day start to end

Blue (dashed) = London Open

Red (dashed) = London Close

Horizontal Lines:

White (thick) = Initial Balance of $1000

Silver (dotted) = $100 equity and balance gap

ps. next update some time in the London session.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1969 ---
Day 8

(about halfway through London session)

Update at NY + a few minutes

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1970 ---
ANOTHER ACCOUNT EXAMPLE RUNNING IN THE BACKGROUND

Not to get confused but here is another account that is currently only halfway through Day 3

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

ps. almost 30% Equity gain in less than 3 days.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1971 ---
End of the week and end of Day 9

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1972 ---
London Open

Day 10

Here are the account statistics at London Open (including Data window)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

ps. an update will be given exactly at NY Open (Data window included)

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1973 ---
NY Open - update

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

ps. next update around London Open tomorrow.

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #1974 ---
Hello mastermind im very interested in you method, are you using a ea? where can i download it?

--- 帖子 #1975 ---
Welcome to my thread kamb.

If you have not done so already please read about the QAM strategy starting from Post#1.

You will find plenty of useful information that outlines the method, some of the conditions and the reasoning behind it.

I have also outlined in detail the fact that QAM is not my main trading strategy (not even close) but it does serve its purpose very very well.

Getting the most out of the method is based on an initial account balance of at least $10,000 and simply trading some or all of the turtle pairs in the Asian session and looking to close out the cycles of trades before Frankfurt and certainly before the London Open.

What you need to understand is that this thread is more about the trials and tribulations of starting with only a small $1000 trading account and attempting to get it to at least 10K before entering the Asian QAM sanctuary.

If you read my QAM Trading Journal $US1000 to ??? journal thread available from here:

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=585458

you will soon discover some of the progress trading to date which also includes a start from a standard type ECN account and also later trading from a cent type account both live accounts.

The cent account showed good steady progress and even overcome the nasty GBP flash crash (details are fully documented) and the immediate recovery to the account however, on the cent account at that particular brokerage the spread was prohibitive (too expensive) and even though the cent account offered an ideal ratio between account balance and minimal lot sizing it was not ideal to trade the turtle pairs so the volatile pairs were traded to allow for enough price movement to generate a reasonable net gain per cycle.

Nevertheless, I have now halted that account for the time being (perhaps permanently we shall see).

I'm also a beleiver in having the 1 trading account complete the journey from $1000 to $1 Million which will provide a more pure type approach instead of having 1 account trade so far then swap to another to trade it to the next phase and so on, this is far too messy in my view.

Instead I am now investigating and testing a unique pair(s) strategy on a start balance of only $1000 but trading on a standard account and during the London session mainly with some carry-on trades that move through multiple sessions.

Experts can be found and tested inside the zip folder found in Post 917 or by simply going here:

https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...79#post8889979

I suggest you read the 2 threads if you have the time because they outline much of the journey, the trials and the tribulations.

This will then bring you up to the current day although I have not elaborated much on how I am trading the current setups with 1 main demo account running and a second demo account running with identical pair choice but a variation in only 1 parameter namely the PLS (progressive lot sequence) from 0.01 lots to 0.02 lots over 6 possible trading blocks. This PLS setup is so tame that one might be tempted to call it a CLS (constant lot sequence) since the majority of trades applied are at the same lot size. On a larger account balance ofcourse this PLS sequence will increase at some times and decrease at others depending on a whole host of factors and assigned parameters.

In short, the Experts in the zip folder or 2 in particular have been modified 'slightly' to run the current demo test.

A new MT5 Expert (and perhaps a cBot, C++ Model or Python Model will also being investigated) is currently being developed in the background to perform all of the functions I need it too including applying a number of key plug-ins namely the Equity Curve Trace Management (ECTM) system and a Matlab Analysis Engine (instead of using Excel which could be used if desired).

I will not be talking much about the ECTM and Matlab design except in very broad terms due to its complex design nature.

The purpose of the ECTM and Matlab Analysis Engine is to smooth out and fine tune the trading accounts equity curve by decelerating a series of parameters at some times and accelerating at other times.

The key objective is to keep the Equity curve above the deposit line, reduce its downward trends and accelerate its upward moves.

So do not be concerned about the 5-6 lines typed above since in its rawest form you can always apply a %Equity stop out level to halt a losing cycle.

The current demo accounts I am showing have some of the gfeatures of the new system applied to them but it is still far from the final product being developed which will be very precise, at least in theory anyway but the true test as always is in the live trading example.

There will be a live trading example of the new system as soon as final development and some out-of-view trsting has been completed.

A TE and myfxbook of the new generation QAM Method will be linked to a live standard low spread ECN brokerage account ($1000 start).

It is also possible that this new generation system will be run on cTrader platform which I have been using in the background but time will tell.

Feel free to post your questions and any charts you wish as this is a learning hub.

Good trading,

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1976 ---
London Open

Day 11

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Equity now exceeds 100%.

The account equity actually doubled on Day 10 prior to London session close.

Deposit: $1000
Equity: $2046.82

Balance: $2488.60

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1977 ---
So how is QAM Test#2 performing?

Lets have a quick glance .... here is the chart at the start of London Open on Day 6:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Deposit: $1000

Equity is $1606.51

Balance is $1872.95

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1978 ---
The next update will be posted closer to NY Open.

Trade well,

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1979 ---
I am your student.. Learnt alot from this QAM method... Carry on Sir..

--- 帖子 #1980 ---
Pleased to hear it.

+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

... A few of those trouble makers have been placed in the QAM sinbin for an undisclosed period of time ...
... Masterrmind may offer a royal pardon allowing them to post in this thread once again but maybe not ...
...The paperwork to make that happen and the channels I have to go through are very long and arduous ...

+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

The quest is still in action and be sure that every effort will be made to hit that elusive goal I have set ... the big 1M.

I'm not saying it will happen or that it will not happen but many trading ideologies will be explored along the way.

The 2 currently running demo accounts are far too young to show anything of a longer term possibility with QAM.

Yet I smell progress in the development pipeline and this is a good thing.

Enjoy the journey,

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1981 ---
I too am following with interest.

While I am not trading full time like I was in the past few months, I still manage a microscopic live account where I trade the concepts that I learned here. I have personally learned a great deal from this thread (directly and indirectly) and I cannot honestly say that about 99.9% of the rest of the threads out there. That is not to say that there aren't other good ones but this is the one that has led me to discover stress free trading among a lot of other concepts that I now wonder how I ever got along without. Of course, your mileage may vary. I traveled my own path and each must do the same.

What you are doing now, Masterrmind, is next level stuff and I can't wait to see more!

--- 帖子 #1982 ---
You are quite right in stating it as being next level stuff ... quite true.

I'm not saying that the goal could not have been met using the cent account however there were so many nasty factors against me that I had endured enough especially after those nasty fills on the GU trades. An ECN broker showed none of the upward swings in negative fill but the cent broker spiked violently to the upside (the post has been included in amongst my threads and I have elaborated on it).

After all those terrible trading conditions I decided to rethink my attack and so I needed to come up with another QAM concept that could potentially be run on a standard ECN type account with a small 1K startup.

Ideally I seek an ECN broker with super tight spread and the ability to trade an EA using smaller than 0.01 lots for example 0.001 lots.

If this could be satisfied my journey would be so much easier but still not guaranteed ofcourse.

So a new phase begins and after plenty of demo run tests and some tweaks here and there based on flaws in the system that pop up then I will load up the live account at 1K and trade to its end wherever that might be.

The full system however will be a few months away since it is rather involved with the design I made for it.

So it is possible that I may end up applying a similar but slightly modified version of what I'm currently trading in these demo accounts.

Still plenty of testing to go so lets see where these demos end up before making other plans.

I'm waiting for the huge pullback in the equity curve to catch me out which it can because I simply turn the EA off before rest time and turn it back on again very close to London Open.

It really is that simple at the moment .... select number of pairs, apply PLS, apply settings for SLs and TPs so every trade is covered. provide a magic number per chart and set the EA going from smack on London Open .... let the trades that do not close out before rest time simply trade unaided over-night.

Ofcourse my final system will control the trades and cycles throughout which will again make a huge difference in the movements of the equity curve but for now I have to trade without it.

ps. ofcourse there is 1 hugely important parameter (secret sorry) that makes an incredible difference yet it is so simple its ridiculous.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1983 ---
Calling it an early night.

Will update charts at London Open tomorrow.

Masterrmind..........

--- 帖子 #1984 ---
London Open

Day 12

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Current Equity is $2053.19

Current Balance is $2666.62

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1985 ---
Both demo test accounts 1 & 2 show multiple entries open and equity curves that are struggling to push up higher.

Therefore, EA's will not be made active until trade closures occur or the current floating DD reduces.

Demo Test #1 Chart at London Open Day 13

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Demo Test #2 Chart at London Open Day 8

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Updates for both charts can be expected around NY Open.

Masterrmind..........

--- 帖子 #1986 ---
Updates at 30 minutes inside NY session

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #1987 ---
Updates will be given for both accounts after the market closes.

Enjoy the weekend.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1988 ---
End of the week and end of Day 14 - demo test #1
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

End of the week and end of Day 9 - demo test #2
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Demo Test 1 suggests at least a potential strategy that could be applied live.

1. As always a lower DD would be nice however looking at the equity curve and the current gain on the account at which a larger DD occurred is not that much of a concern to me.

2. If on the 1st day of trading the DD hit these higher levels then I would be more inclined to take drastic measures.

3. Keep in mind that this account setup is still tracking at greater than a 5% daily compound rate and that is quite impressive IF it continues.

4. The max trades in total and max trades per pair can be limited so that DD can be contained. The test so far has had no such limits applied and the lot range has been from 0.01 to 0.03 and not more.

5. On a live run especially in the early stages the trades will be limited, the max DD limit set and perhaps a CLS @ 0.01 will be used.

6. Interesting the majority of the trades in this demo test run have been only 0.01 lots with a few at 0.02 and 0.03 lots.

7. When the Equity Curve Trade Management (ECTM) System is used the equity curve should be far smoother but we'll have to wait to see.

Demo Test 2 suggests a strategy that needs vast improvement due to high DD issues and an Equity curve that continues to struggle.

1. DD has been and continues to be a major issue. The lot range on this account are from0.02 to 0.04 and not more.

2. For the 1st 5 trading days the equity curve looked very promising both in terms of acceleration, reasonable DD at the time and an explosive gain.

3. But from Day 6 onwards the system could not cope and the Equity curve is shown to continue a downward trend including a number of stops being hit resulting in a big drop in the Balance curve.

4. One observation that I do not like to see is when the Equity curve drops under the Deposit line (the $1000 start in this case). Trading Day 9 shows roughly a $200 drop below the deposit line at this time. The only acceptable time that this could be tolerated is on the 1st or maybe into the 2nd day of trading when an initial DD of some magnitude is always expected on a new account since the moment new positions are opened in FX there will always be a draw (used margin) on the deposit resulting in at least some DD also shown in the Equity curve.

5. As trading days increase so too should the account growth but NOT an event where the Equity curve drops below deposit line.

6. A limit needs to be set on how far below the initial deposit the Equity curve is allowed to fall. An ultimate limit might be 25%, 30% up to 40%.

7. In this Demo Test 2 I will set the ultimate limit at 30% which means that if the equity drops below $700 I will terminate the test run.

Lets see how these 2 tests turn out and what we can all learn from them both good and bad.

If these DD levels are an issue (and yes they are in Test 2 IMHO) then max trades @ a given lot size will need to be applied.

Any changes being made will be applied to a new test so that the data can be more easily analysed although the first thing I look at in terms of the quality of a trading strategy is if I could live with the tracing out of the Equity curve on one of my larger trading accounts.

If the answer is no then I most likely will not trade it even on a small $1000 account.

Demo Test 3 will be started say on either Monday or Tuesday this week with some changes being made.

Additional demo tests wil also be started when needed.

Unfortunately on MT4 multiple pairs are not easily tested in the strategy tester and hence the need for demo forward tests.

MT5 can offer additional analysis but it too is also limited to some extent.

Since the MT5 Expert Advisor and design process is still in progress in the background it is of no consequence to me that I spend the time using the demo tests.

At least by providing screenshots of demo runs and a bit of commentary those traders interested can see what might be working, what is not working and apply the information to their own systems if they wish.

Note 1: Test 1 Equity curve looks ok but I would prefer a tighter alignment with the balance curve (we can always wish).

Note 2: Test 2 Equity curve is horrendous since Day 6 so it is unlikely to be used live but I'll let it continue longer just to see if it can recover.

Note 3: Important point to be made is that at this stage it is clear that 0.01 lots per 1000 balance is the max unless trades are limited in number.

Note 4: remember that this is a DD intensive method.

Asking questions is also welcome.

Good trading,

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #1989 ---
END OF THE WEEK AND END OF TRADING DAY #19

Demo Test 1

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Notes:

This account has been testing multiple pairs on the one account at the same time.

The EA is active generally at London Open and turned off anytime between NY Open and London Close.

The remaining trades still open are simply allowed to run on but they do have SLs (large) and TPs (small) applied.

If the DD is seen to be higher than preferred then the next day the Expert is not turned on.

If the DD is reasonable then the EA is turned on again at London Open where a series of new trades may be generated.

Then from about NY open through to London close the Expert is simply turned off again and the trades play out without any intervention.

There is no other Expert interference or manual intervention in the cycle of trades whatsoever.

If the DD is viewed as ok but the account has numerous orders open then the EA may not be restarted the following London session.

Over the multiple pairs being traded on the small 1K account quite often 100 or so trades are open.

It is quite clear that a lot size greater than 0.01 per 1000 balance can lead directly into an eventual major DD issue that will end the account.

Demo Test 2 provided the answers and although it traded identical pairs albeit a different starting date which can make a difference it is easy to see a trend developing meaning that by applying 0.02 lots per 1000 balance with a freedom of the EA to open as many trades as it wishes the account will struggle to survive and certainly can make huge gains initially over several days but eventually as the market turns against the current cycles of trades there is too much pressure on the small account and the life gets squeezed out of the available margin.

A CLS strategy is seen to be ideal when running multiple trades over multiple pairs on a small account balance especially in the early phase of development.

A CLS cycle was actually used in Demo Test 1 for the majority of entries however some 0.02 lot entries were also made at greater trade count levels.

The gains made using an almost CLS sequence were very good in my view and will be used on the live QAM account and then progressed to a PLS setup as the account develops positive growth over time.

I must say that I am surprised by the current results.

The Equity Curve in the screenshot shows nice resilience and the ability to recover and remains well above the Deposit line ($1000 level).

However, the Equity Curve has struggled to remain or indeed continue to grow above the 100% gain in Equity Level which is a concern.

In unaided mode the account needs to show that it can make a full recovery.

Indeed the account over the last week did not have an EA active nor was there any interference with any of the trades it was simply allowed to fend for itself at the mercy of the market (but TPs were in place and so too the stops).

The TPs are low but not too low and so what happens is they get closed out for profit as the market cycles favorably within the limits of a predefined trading range (per pair) including a calculated buffer zone (missing the larger stops ofcourse).

Ultimately if the outer bounds plus buffer are broken then stop out of a given trade may occur.

Imagine at 0.01 lots a stop out per trade at 100 pips is about $10 and 200 pips is about $20 etc.

Quantity of trades open at the same time therefore should be accounted for and limits put in place.

Simple strategies will eventually be implemented such as:

1. Setting limits for maximum open orders on the account

2. Setting limits for maximum open orders per instrument

3. Setting limits based on 'type' of instrument (eg turtle, major or volatile)

4. Consider volume per pair and in total currently active in the account

5. Maximum floating DD limit (initially set high but as growth occurs on the account this value may be reduced over time)

6. other factors as deemed necessary to preserve the account.

Ofcourse, it could be possible to setup a very high leveraged high gaining live account and simply hope to get to the 10K mark as fast as possible taking on major risk in the process and actually succeeding.

But what use would this be if it is highly unlikely to be repeatable.

In the QAM Method it is one thing to hit the ultimate goal but it is another thing entirely to make the process at least somewhat repeatable.

In all fairness though realize that I will be attempting to accelerate a 1K account to about the 10K level as fast as possible (applying sound DD trading techniques outlined in advance) and then trade a slightly different strategy mostly in the Asian session but with some other trading window slots as seen appropriate at the time.

One statistic I'll be keen to know is how much time it takes to complete each growth range.

How long to go from 1K to 10K, then 10K to 100K and finally 100K to 1M.

Plenty of work to do yet but the goal is alive.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1990 ---
END OF THE WEEK AND END OF TRADING DAY #24

Demo Test 1

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Equity Curve making a recovery and maintaining a greater than 100% gain in equity level.

EA will be applied again somewhere in the early stages of this coming week.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1991 ---
Test 1 end of the week and end of 29 trading days

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

A tapering off in both the equity and the balance curves as trades were closed out due to stop losses being hit.

Gain in Equity of about 94.7% but with a DD of just over 40%.

DD might look nasty however, it needs to be put into context and in my view (and yes I tend to not like a DD over even 20-30%) it does depend on where it occurs in terms of the strain applied to the initial balance.

For example, had the DD occurred at the start and drove the balance curve down to 600 then in my view this is far worse than if it occurs at say the 1700 or 2000 level.

DD will still need to be managed though.

This will probably be the end of this short demo test.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1992 ---
A live account named QAM-1000-Live will commence the journey starting April 3 2017.

Progress can be tracked at https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...585458&page=20

Most likely traded on the MT5 platform such that when the MT5 Expert is completed it can be applied in a smooth and seamless manner.

The entire trading journey will be tracked on the same account meaning no swaps and changes between brokers.

This will provide a clean trading history.

Good Trading,

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1993 ---
MT5 Templates

The QAM-1000-Live MT5 account will commence early this coming week (Monday or Tuesday subject only to the wire transfer)

Cycles will come from many different TF setups and Quantum values.

The QAM Method will be applied by manual trading only in the early stages (No Expert Advisor).

Trade management experts may be applied though if and when they become necessary.

A taste of the MT5 template on H4 is shown in the screenshot:

AUDUSD [H4; 360 - 360/manual]

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Notes:

1. Thick horizontal yellow lines are the highs and lows of Q1

2. Vertical yellow lines represent the bounds of Q1 by date (1st trading day in 2017 through to last trading day in March)

3. Blue solid circles are Quantum Buy signals

4. Red solid circles are Quantum Sell signals

5. Dashed colored lines represent monthly pivots (green) and the support and resistance levels m/m

6. Dotted white lines (not visible in this chart) represent the monthly highs and lows

Major currency pairs will be traded initially followed by any instrument offered on the trading platform.

Several different TFs will be used to trade this account.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1994 ---
Here is an interesting update on the same demo account that I have allowed to keep running in the background.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Quite the wild ride to glory.

If anything, what I find appealing is the minimum fall of DD below initial balance meaning the account was 'never' really in danger however, market could have certainly dished out a nastier DD curve but in this case the trader would need to step in and manage the account.

Gain stands at greater than +200%.

No trades are currently open so the gain is all 'demo' equity.

ps. I may also start a QAM-HighRisk-Gainer account from the start of May.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1995 ---
For those wondering what is happening to this new MT5 QAM-1000-Live account here is an annoying little update.

I opened up a specific NAB Bank account and have transferred via bank wire an amount of US$1000 into XM's NAB account.

NAB confirms that the funds have already hit XM's account.

However, the new MT5 account still fails to show this update and currently rests at $0.

I have contacted XM about this issue and they are looking into it.

Almost 3/4 of the way through April.

I tend to like new trading activity to start from the beginning of a new month so what is likely to occur now is a May 1 start date.

Apologies for the inconvenience (and yes I am very frustrated with XM).

It is possible that 2 QAM Live accounts will commence from the start of May, one carefully traded and the other at a much higher risk.

When this is all sorted out it will be posted here but the journey of potentially 2 QAM accounts will be documented in my Trading Journal thread.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #1996 ---
The EA has again been turned on so that this demo account can continue on its own journey.

A keen observer would have noted the TE for this demo account which is now public under my profile.

The pairs that I have been trading are as follows:

AUDUSD

EURUSD

GBPJPY

GBPUSD

USDCAD

USDCHF

USDJPY

Note 1: pair choose is simplistic being the major currency pairs + GJ.

Note 2: DD can be reduced by simply limiting the number of trades per pair or for a given pair such as GJ (ADR pips can be considered here)

You'll also notice the multiple closure of USDCHF trades which was not necessary however being a demo account I simply wanted to show a 200% plus gain in equity with no open trades and to start the next 7 pair cycles of trades.

The new live account starting May 1 will be called QAM-HighGainer7-Live and perhaps traded on the MT4 platform.

This is not to be confused with the new MT5 account named QAM-1000-Live which is also to start from May 1.

Enjoy the journey.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1997 ---
MAY 1, 2017

QAM-1000-Live MT5

Live Trading account with XM brokerage is now finally active.

Start Balance = US$1000
End Balance = UNKNOWN (goal is to hit 1M)

Manual approach will be adopted initially.

MT5 QAM Expert Advisor currently in development and will be applied when completed, tested etc.

Trade Management and Risk Management applied.

Trader discretionary approach adopted.

TE not available for the MT5 platform so myfxbook and FXBlue Live will be provided

myfxbook available from here:

https://www.myfxbook.com/members/MAS...ve-mt5/2097130

FXBlue Live: PM for password access.

Account progress will be as transparent as possible with information posted here.

Progress reports initially often (but later on a monthly basis) will be posted on my QAM Trading Journal thread available from here:

https://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=585458

Enjoy the QAM journey but note that the ride might get a little rough at times.

Further information about my initial manual approach will be posted later.

Please use this thread for your questions and discussions about QAM.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1998 ---
Later I will trade a live QAM-High Gainer account starting at 1K but not until this current account gets mobile.

The current demo account named QAM_High_Gainer_v1 is very similar to how the live account will be traded but with some additional controls over the rolling DD.

Look out for this High Risk QAM account ... coming soon (several weeks).

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #1999 ---
QAM-1000-Live MT5

The template (will likely be modified a little as time goes on, either adding or deleting some of the indicators) is as follows:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Yellow vertical lines create manual borders for the quarterly period (start of year through to 31 March 2017).

Yellow horizontal lines lock in the highs and lows of the previous quarter.

A monthly high and low indicator is applied (dashed white lines).

A Quantum indicator is used that shows blue and red dots (or boxes) that represent user defined look back periods.

Quantum (Q) values for the H4 TF are 384 (you shouldn't take long to realize what this value represents).

The colored arcs are the center of gravity plots (I'll explain what this means later).

The solid and dashed colored horizontal lines represent the monthly pivot, support and resistance zones.

Note that H4 generated trades will be manual but mostly taken from plots of the Quantum red and blue dots.

Stops will be wide.

Lot sizing will be CLS (constant lot size - manual only initially) and minimal size at only 0.01 lots per trade.

Trade count will be limited in total and per given pair.

Pair choose may come from any instrument found in the XM Markets MT5 platform.

TPs will be smallish with an approach to lock in at BE + some pips when price moves a pre-determined distance (either in pips or based on chart structure, pivot points, S+R ot Fibonacci ratios).

I will introduce the Dynamic Trading Frame (DTF) in later posts.

I will also introduce some minor Gann analysis tools mainly the trendline angles and how I will apply them to QAM.

H4 or in particular HTF trading requires some fundamental analysis so it too will form part of QAM.

More to come .............

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #2000 ---
Cycle of EU shorts is now in progress.

1 by Short @ 0.01 lots on EU

More shorts to follow.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #2001 ---
Short GU

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

More shorts on this pair likely but just the 1 at the moment.

Stops and TPs modified as necessary.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #2002 ---
Various pending orders will also be applied.

Limit orders (Buy and Sell)

Stop orders (Buy and Sell)

EURAUD

2 by Sell Limit orders placed (well above current price)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Stops staggered (not at the same price)

TPs uniform (at the same price)

The TPs are set just above the 61.8 Fib of the major swing up.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #2003 ---
Slowly building the QAM cycles.

Pairs used so far are:

EU

GU

EA

Note that I have also just entered a short on EA at market just under the 1.45 handle (again the TP is uniform but the stop is staggered)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Note that I am not waiting for a Quantum signal to appear since they have already been printed but rather my entries fall inside their price range unless of course price drives up higher and a new Q box (dot) is generated ... then I'll look at a short at the close of the H4 candle, alternatively I can wait for price to travel up higher (if it does) and apply a sell stop that collects an entry as price drops back down (if it does).

Masterrmind..........

--- 帖子 #2004 ---
Early building stage of QAM-1000-Live MT5 account means that all entries will adhere to the following:

1. all at 0.01 lots,

2. maximum entries per pair will be 5

3. maximum entries in total will be 50 with 25 more likely spread over several pairs (instruments)

4. H4 QAM is rather relaxed and the expected TPs are rather large

5. The reward to risk ratio initially is favorable at greater than 1 to 1 but PA and market conditions and discretionary actions may dictate shorter TPs.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #2005 ---
No need to flood the platform with 50 trades in record time.

Simply ease your way into a cycle based on what PA does on a given chart of a traded pair.

Note that the TPs (if hit) on some of my entries are about $35-$50 so close to 3.5% to 5% per trade.

25 trades would then be close to 25*3.5 = 87.5% to 25*5 = 125%

Note this is a very crude form of calculation and does not consider sequence of profitable and non-profitable trades but it does give some idea as to the possible outcomes.

Note also that these HTF QAM cycles may take several weeks to play out so in time you will see first hand whether the gain obtained is worth it or not.

If the account doubles a PLS sequence is likely meaning that the initial entries may still be @ 0.01 lots each but others may be @ 0.02 lots each.

This will all be outlined in time subject to favorable account progress.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #2006 ---
Hey guys

been playing around with the quantum system and seems very interesting.

I'm just having an issue with the EA atm. I have set the open higher highs only and lower lows only to true. However this is preventing the EA open new cycles, and my guess is because a cycle earlier in the day was already lower or higher.

For example if you look in the screenshot, the EA does not execute trades on the latest blue boxes, I'm guessing this is because of the earlier blue boxes which were lower.

Is there any way of making it ignore earier cycles in the day?

Im using the Quantum London Trading EA v1.6.1

Thanks

bg

--- 帖子 #2007 ---
The Quantum London Trading EA v1.6.1 was coded freely by Vlad but unfortunately has several internal coding errors that cause it to behave incorrectly for several operations.

The only way around this issue is to ask Vlad if he is interested in fixing the code or to simply have another coder with the time to fix it to your requirements.

I use the EA to mainly generate multiple trades with basic parameters and not much more and it works fine.

In the background I am coding an MT5 Expert Advisor with multiple functions and plugins but this version is unlikely to be made available here as it has been an intense labor of love.

You could search for other Quantum type EAs included in my zip folder earlier in the thread as some of these may perform your operations more cleanly.

Ps. I know other traders who have had the v1.6.1 corrected but it was at their expense...they paid coders to have all the errors fixed etc...this is an option.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #2008 ---
thanks masterrmind

your trade explorer is looking good

--- 帖子 #2009 ---
QAM-1000-Live MT5 update

3 pairs currently being traded:

EA

EU and

GU

Trade Count: 12 (currently)

Trade house keeping:

1. SLs moved to coincide with chart structural zones (beyond monthly R1 levels for shorts)

2. TPs remain fixed at same price closure per given instrument (but could be re-aligned with longer term Fib ratio mainly the 61.8 of the major quarterly swing which for a short trade would mean a TP adjusted slightly above the 61.8 Fib level although I have not bothered with a TP adjustment at this stage as they all fall outside the monthly ranges.

3. maximum current risk per trade is set not greater than US$30 representing less than a 3% loss per trade if SL is hit on a 1K start.

4. other adjustments made in line with progress.

Full current updates will be posted end of month (unless otherwise stated).

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #2010 ---
Potential long cycle on the AUDUSD pair

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

If price continues to drop look for taking longs.

Or throw in some Buy Stop orders well above current price levels.

Or throw in some Buy Limit orders well below current price levels.

Or wait for PA to tell more of its global intention.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #2011 ---
GN H4 Chart

Food for thought.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Some big pips here if you get it right!

Masterrmind..........

--- 帖子 #2012 ---
EU H4 - QAM

Most trades on EU pair now locked in at BE + some pips.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

This opens up the opportunity to trade up to 4-5 more shorts in the current EU cycle if desired.

If price reverses on EU some profit will be gained should the stops be taken out.

Other pairs will also follow similar trade management logic.

If the Euro drops down deeper then stops may be tightened further.

ps. The SLs could be viewed as a bit 'tight' on such a HTF QAM cycle but herein lies the discretionary part and each trader needs to make a decision based on his/her own interpretation of what could, might or is likely to occur on a given pair.

pps. Monthly S+R zones may be used as a general guage as to trailing your stops but don't forget about chart structure and the fundamentals.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #2013 ---
GN

QAM cycle on GN commenced.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

1 Short @ market.

2 pending Sell Stops applied.

Other entries will be made on PA movements either up the chart or down.

Note: All EU trades are locked in at profit which now frees up entries into another instrument which happens to be GN at this stage.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #2014 ---
EN H4 cycle

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

1 short applied .... more to follow in time.

Masterrmind.........

--- 帖子 #2015 ---
QAM-1000-Live MT5 current state

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

As soon as I have recovered the account to at least 1K I will pause the trading activity.

Masterrmind............

--- 帖子 #2016 ---
Plenty more coming to this thread in 2018 including a renewed effort to trade the QAM from 1K and up.

Masterrmind..........

--- 帖子 #2017 ---
About time to get this thread back into action again.

More posts coming soon !

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #2018 ---
QAM Trading Strategy

A quick recap (also read Post 1)

What is QAM all about ?

QAM stands for Quantum Asian Method

Cycles of trades are opened on one or more pairs commencing in the Asian session.

It applies a simple Quantum indicator that prints out colored boxes (at candle close) to the chart at breaks higher and lower based on TF and indicator settings.

Is QAM a manual or automated trading strategy ?

QAM can be traded manually provided the trader has the time to remain in front of the screen.

QAM can also be traded automatically especially useful for smaller TF's such as M1 and M5 due to the frequency of trades.

Preferred approach is to use a semi-auto method meaning Expert Advisor (place trades) + Trader (oversee operations).

Is the QAM Trading Strategy risky ?

Yes and No.

QAM relies on DD to generate entries into the market against the current trend and a deep enough pullback in PA to exit for a net positive cycle.

If the DD is kept under control (strictly) then the method is workable over the longer term.

If the DD is NOT controlled below say +33%DD then the future of the account is in serious danger.

Is the QAM Trading Strategy the Thread Ops only trading method ?

No.

It is only 1 trading method and is most suited to a large balance matched to small lot sizing.

As the balance decreases the risk may increase and vice-a-versa.

Why trade QAM with only 1K account then ?

I have made it my personal goal to eventually show an account that starts at 1000 and hits 10 000.

It was my objective to turn 1K into 10K and then continue trading the QAM method (if preferred) but directly out of London session.

As per the Quantum London Trading thread (link in Post 1).

Due ot the typically larger swings in PA a minimum 10K is more suitable for trading Quantum method in the London session.

Greater the balance the better provided lot sizing remains modest.

Does QAM lot sizing remain fixed or does it vary ?

Both

Two general lot size techniques can be applied here namely; CLS and PLS.

CLS = Constant Lot Size (eg. all trades at the same lot such as Trade1 @ 0.01 lots, Trade2 @ 0.01 lots etc etc)

PLS = Progressive Lot Size (eg. successive trades increase in volume such as Trade1 @ 0.01 lots, Trade2 @ 0.02, Trade3 @ 0.05 etc etc)

Mixed combinations can also be applied such as using CLS from the start until a certain Equity level and then use PLS from there on.

Mixed CLS/PLS depending on cycle outcome (positive or negative).

How is Drawdown (DD) controlled ?

DD is the evil that can destroy an otherwise awesome looking Equity Curve not only in the QAM system but in any trading system.

Depending on your start balance and the chosen lot sequence the approach taken to 'controlling' DD may vary widely.

How much of the trading account equity are you willing to risk per given cycle of trades?

Are you prepared to manage stops with precise closures at a pre-assigned DD% cut-off level ?

Are you willing to take on larger risk at the start of the account to get it moving along but with a planned reduction in DD plan as Equity grows ?

Consider Account Equity, Risk Tolerance, Leverage, Margin level% and tapered DD.

+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

There are many aspects to consider in the QAM Strategy but above and beyond all else is risk control.

Several 'filters' to contain risk have been attempted.

Several attempts using a number of demo and real trading accounts have yet to reach the goal.

The next post will outline the best attempt to date which unfortunately is on a demo.

Nevertheless, lessons can be learnt from a demo.

Masterrmind...........

--- 帖子 #2019 ---
A demo account starting at 1K was traded from mid February to the end of August 2017.

Growth Curve
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Drawdown
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Trade Statistics
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Monthly Gain
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The above provides some basic information about the QAM Trading Strategy on a demo account.

The Good

Strike rate of 93% over 3130 trades made.
Doubled the account in the first month (start at 14 Feb 2017) +160%
Equity actually exceeded +400%
Profit Factor of 1.2

The Bad

Expectancy per trade <50c
AHPR & GHPR at 0.03
July losses ~47%

The Ugly

Maximum DD over 56%
High DD over 40% and over 50% on multiple occasions

This is only 1 demo forward test example over about a 7 month period which traded the same 7 pairs (Majors + GJ).

The central part of the Equity Curve applied a manual ECTM technique.

After this period DD crept up fast at times when it was not possible to be at the screen and 'control' episodes of DD.

PA was perhaps less than favorable.

Eventually a series of trades had to be closed out for loss (far right of chart).

++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

Real accounts have also been traded with 1K start outlined to some extent in the earlier sections of this thread.

Results were far less impressive although DD was not as 'wild' as in the demo account.

The cycles of trades in the demo account were also left to run on through multiple sessions at times when PA was not favorable.

++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

The plan now as before is to continue to work on a filter of sorts to better control the DD.

I strongly prefer NOT to apply any lagging indicators as filters since most have been tested by others (not all ofcourse) and proved less than satisfactory.

The QAM method is actually very enjoyable to trade and rather simple compared to other trading methods.

The Expert Advisor can open trades based on several parameters such as Open Time and Close Time and controlling the flow of trades into the market etc etc.

The journey for me at least will continue.

I welcome all other traders and coders to participate.

Note 1: The QAM Strategy is best used by traders who don't mind allocating some 'risk dollars' in an attempt to vastly multiply the gain !

Note 2: The challenge is for some trader (any trader) to drive a 1K account to 10K applying the Quantum indicator.

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #2020 ---
I am happy to see this thread come back to life. This is the only method that I have ever found any comfort in trading long term provided that the parameters are good.

I have been trading variations of this method over the last two years or so I’d say. I’ve experimented with very aggressive progressive lot sizes (x2, x3, xN) also numerous time frames (M15, H1, H4, D1).

Draw Down – The Nemesis

Currently, I think (and I am willing to change my mind if new evidence is forthcoming) that the best way to protect the account from draw down is to increase the equity in the account and maintain as favorable as possible ratio of balance-to-position size. I have not yet found anything more effective than that.

Anyway, happy to see this one come back. Looking forward to seeing what develops.

--- 帖子 #2021 ---
Thank you for your comments Platanero and I'm pleased to see that you are keen to continue the Quantum style of trading.

You are correct about referring to Balance as a key parameter especially in terms of injecting additional funds into the account as required such that DD is 'controlled' or perhaps should I say 'temporarily' tamed but there are several other key parameters too.

Adding in extra funds into a DD generating system may not be the preferred approach by many traders.

Although you may recall Mer from the Quantum London Trading thread posting that he would inject additional funds when needed.

I have also used this cash injection approach to tame the DD at times in my 'larger' real accounts that trade the QAM Trading Strategy.

Often it is simply buying time in the hope that PA turns in the traders favor, but when it does not then some trades will need to be closed.
Continually being called upon to inject additional funds into an account to 'control' the DD is not a viable longer term option.

Other traders may not have the luxury of being able to add extra funds at will or they may not wish to add more funds.

For example, the trader might prefer to allocate say $1000 as speculative coin and simply run with it and have no intention of adding to the balance.

This is where other techniques will need to be implemented into the QAM system.

Several 'filters' have been attempted but provided little in the way of taming escalating DD and still maintaining a healthy Equity curve.

One way to look at this is to simply monitor on a month by month basis the Maximum DD Versus %Gain in Equity.

What we want to achieve here is a system that consistently generates %Gain in Equity (MoM) > DD (MoM) without DD exceeding defined limits.

The defined limits are referring to the maximum allowable DD, which the trader assigns at the very beginning.

Maximum DD might be set at 10%, 15%, 20%, 25%, 30% or other value.

What I have found is under the 'right' conditions the current system can handle 55% DD level and recover on many occasions (based on settings).

But how many traders are prepared to endure DD episodes up to 55% especially on a real account, not many I would say and certainly not me.

Perhaps an upper DD limit of 25%-30% is 'reasonable' for a 'risky' trading method.

For some traders it might not be and in this case they will need to apply measures that minimize the Lot size to Equity ratio and Max DD.

What we need to remember here is that the QAM Trading Strategy is a system that thrives on initial DD followed by a pullback in PA.

The beauty of the QAM Method is that there are an unlimited number of ways to trade it.

Any available TF

Any number of Q period values

CLS and PLS lot sequences

Trading times (controlling trading in sessions)

Control total trades

Control the frequency of trades

... and many many more options.

So the plan here is to find the 'right' mix of parameters and their values to generate a suitable and consistent % Gain in Equity to DD level.

I will start to update (add to) Post 1 with the EA's, indicators and templates in MT4 mode (later if time permits I will code a new set in MT5).

I'll start using a few demo accounts (1K) with varying leverages from September 3 (the 1st trading day which is a Monday).

Additionally I will start posting information about other techniques that may be used to tame the DD.

Some of these ideas will be my own whilst others may come from other threads (if so sources will be provided).

Updates coming soon !

Masterrmind..............

--- 帖子 #2022 ---
In light of some investigative work it has become clear that there are several commercial EA's that are being sold based highly on the content of the material and testing of several quantum type trading methodologies found here on FF.

A difficult thing to stop and likely impossible.

This is a major reason why I have decided (long ago) never to share my MT5 code (perhaps not even in ex5 format!).

Nevertheless, some of the open source mql4 code floating around will be provided in my thread.

Some of this mql4 code has had the work of multiple coders over several months.

I will provide the links where such code can be located for those interested but will only upload the code to Post 1.

My hope is to have several traders/coders improve (in the public domain) certain aspects of the QAM Trading Strategy.

Mostly the source code will be provided (for mql4 only) here so others wishing to add functionality can do so.

This is cyclical, meaning that if an mq4 source file is uploaded by me then updates MUST be attached also in mq4 format for all to use.

Most material and information I will be open about however, there is some information that I will not divulge.

For example, the information about specifics of the DFA and ECTM techniques.

DFA (Dynamic Feed Approach)

DFA is a concept applied in the background of the MTTTM methodology and is especially useful trading multiple pairs (MT5 is good for this !).

ECTM (Equity Curve Trace Management)

ECTM is especially useful for countering DD issues and smoothing out the Equity Curve in high DD trading methods by balancing lot sizes.

I may elaborate on these 2 techniques but only in general terms and it will be up to the trader to take this further.

In short understanding just a few key parameters can make all the difference.

With so many snake oil salespeople floating around it is becoming more and more of a problem to share useful information here.

An MT4 EA (which I will upload here) has had several quality coders add a large amount of functionality to it over several years and yet it was still offered to the public with source code.

I will also be adding additional functionality to this MT4 EA as it relates to the QAM methodology if and as required.

It is my wish that any information provided here will be useful to those traders using the Quantum indicator in their trading.

However, please understand that you may need to progress certain parts of the strategy as well and spoon-feeding here is not an option.

Discussions that seek to improve the current system and can be shared with other like-minded traders is the goal.

Masterrmind...............

--- 帖子 #2023 ---
QAM Trading Strategy

What my Goal is for the QAM Method.

1. Trade a demo account from 1K to 10K making a +900% return within 12 months using QAM methodology.
2. Then turn a real 1K account into 10K within 12 months applying QAM methodology.
3. I would be most keen to see another trader pull this great feat off using the Quantum indicator and QAM methodology.
4. Manual or automated approach can be applied but my preference here is semi auto (Expert Advisor + Trader monitoring).

5. Then it is mission accomplished !

Setting the scene:

1. Several demo accounts will be started this Monday trading a variety of symbols with unique settings.

2. The plan here is to gather information about what works and what does not, then refine and modify and reapply.

3. The indicators can be found in Post 1 in the QAM-zip folder and the template also in Post 1 (I may upload another tpl).

4. I will gather together several MT4 Expert Advisors and upload them in a separate zip folder.

5. Be aware that these EA's may be in testing mode, may not function correctly and may produce errors from code full of bugs.

6. Best option is to test EA functionality thoroughly on a DEMO account before ever considering placing it on a Real account.

7. Traders can test out any combinations of pairs and TF's and a host of different parameters.

8. There is no Drawdown Limit so the idea is to find a combination on demo that actually hits the target of 10K (or +900% Gain in Equity).

9. Share your questions, concerns and valuable testing information here.

If the mql4 source code is available I will upload it here so others may modify it if they wish.

Good luck and lets see at least 1 account go from 1K to 10K !

ps. mql5 code is also welcome here.

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #2024 ---
Quantum Expert Advisors (MT4 only)

Attached File(s)   QAM_MT4_EAs.zip

1.1 MB
|
948 downloads

Useful Quantum Trading sites for additional information are as follows:

Quantum London Trading
https://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=551382

Quantum London Trading Custom EA
https://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=552185

Note that some EA's have been coded with the assistance of several persons and may also have comments in languages other than English.

ps. Some EA's also make use of multiple lagging indicators of which I have no interest but other traders care free to test them out.

Masterrmind..............

--- 帖子 #2025 ---
Just one idea
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Blue vertical line is the assigned start trading time (subject to meeting entry criteia).
Red vertical line is the assigned stop trading time.

Applying Average Daily Ranges and Average Session Trading Ranges for SL placement.

Introduce concept - Linear SL Reduction.

The main idea is to NOT get stopped out of your cycles within the Trading Zone.

Then if trades remain open post-Trading Session reduce the SLs every 1,5,15,60 minutes until all trades are closed out.

No open trades at Day End !

Process can be easily automated.

Masterrmind..............

--- 帖子 #2026 ---
TP Management

Which of the following are potentially useful in the QAM Strategy:

1. Fixed number of pips from entry level;

2. Fixed TP level same for all trades;

3. Upper ADR projection for Longs or Lower ADR projection for Shorts;

4. Upper Av Session projection for Longs or Lower Av Session projection for Shorts;

5. Opposite colored Quantum signal box;

6. BE+pips after favorable movement by price;

7.  Close on Equity% gain.

Masterrmind.............

--- 帖子 #2027 ---
my pick of these without any testing.

--- 帖子 #2028 ---
Perhaps many can be useful here under the right flow of symbol data.

Yes Equity% is a good choice and can be used for the Stop and/or the TP.

Suitable choice of values will be decided later.

I am also fond of taking TP at the DO line.

Including closure of current cycle at a minimum net gain (% or $).

An appreciation of the trading session ranges is very useful not only for gauging the stops but also at what levels to start opening trades.

This discussion will mainly focus around the Asian session.

Defining the Asian Session

Tokyo Open (GMT 00:00) to Tokyo Close (GMT 09:00)

Note that the time interval may be altered in some cases.

Frankfurt Open (GMT 06:00) and London Open (GMT 07:00) occur within this time period so its important to be aware of when price movement is likely to increase.

Post 2028 shows a general outline of the QAM Trading Zone and a more detailed approach to setting up trades will be explained later.

An informative indicator that shows the Average Trading Session Ranges (ATSR) as a value and a line on the chart will be useful.

Included in the indicator will be the 2 SL Reduction Lines (fixed for the current day).

The hourly (by default) updating vertical lines that join the 2 SL Reduction Lines.

Price labels for the vertical updating lines (intersection of SL Reduction Line and Hourly Vertical Line so manual trading is also possible.

My focus will be for entries closer to Tokyo Open + a few hours at higher lots sizes.

Wait for price to move a certain distance in either direction and go long or short as the case may be after Quantum signals appear.

The aim is to commence entries after X% of the ATSR above or below the DO Line and apply a limited number of entries within total assigned Lots per Cycle, considering risk per cycle as a % of account and a few other parameters.

I'll be looking at higher risk approach for much higher gains but in a 'controlled' manner.

There are a few things to complete yet before I can finalize (or at least provide a basic) the template.

Indicator will be created first and a look at the approach in manual form, then if it looks ok add it to one of the EA's.

Masterrmind............


===== 附件下载链接 =====

QAM.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1867176?d=1456627335
QAM.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1867187?d=1456628541
PivotLinesINTERBANKv2.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1867649?d=1456703626
PivotLinesINTERBANKv2.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1867647?d=1456703610
PIVOTS+Fibs.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1878969?d=1457872134
PIVOTS+Fibs.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1878971?d=1457872147
QAM-M15.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1881596?d=1458131009
i-Profit Tracker-Fixed.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1884533?d=1458396098
i-Profit Tracker-Fixed.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1884534?d=1458396106
i-Profit Tracker-Pct mini.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1884535?d=1458396119
i-Profit Tracker-Pct mini.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1884536?d=1458396137
ADR_ ATR_20_Pairs_v3_Sal.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1884780?d=1458480450
QAM-2.xlsx: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1907156?d=1460825936
QAM-3.xlsx: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1907276?d=1460863998
QUANTUM EAs.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1912483?d=1461506980
HourlyRange.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1945759?d=1465290068
QAM_MT4_EAs.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2972477?d=1535856540
