===== 帖子内容 =====

--- 帖子 #1 ---
Spudfyre's Predictive Multi-Time Frame Stochastic Trading

Trading the past trends using long term charts such as H4, Daily and Weekly do great in trend trading until the trend reverses. Of course, even during a trend there are hills and valleys that can take out our stops and leave us in a losing trade, even when we had made the right trade.

For the small investor in Forex this is our ongoing nemesis. We make the right trade, our stops get hit and we lose our money, only to discover the price hits exactly where we thought it would end up. In otherwords, we make the right trade but end with a stop loss.

What if we had some tools that predicted where price was going. We can't see into the future and we have to be aware of news in the world that may cause drastic change. However, even with drastic events there are fundamental changes that occur in the market that hold true when the market is behaving "normally".

These changes can only be seen over multiple time frames. The long H1 and H4 time frames give us some bearing of where the markets have been headed in the past. They tell us where the future market must go in order for these long term charts to change. Our short term time frames like the M5,M15 and M30 are what build the H1 and H4 and even longer time frames. Every move, up or down on the M5,M15 and M30 over time give us our final H1 and H4 result.

--- 帖子 #2 ---
The M5 builds the future.  Actually we could say the M1 does, but it moves far to fast to be able to do MTF analysis in real time.

Whether you agree or disagree with this is a matter of perspective and not a point of debate.  However, in order to use Predictive MTF Stochastics in trading you must get your head securely wrapped around the idea that the M5 will trigger change and that this change will appear in the M15 next and then the M30 and then finally the H1 and H4.

The trap and failure is looking at H4 and seeing a long downhill trend and expecting that everything will move in that direction in the future.  That doesn't mean it won't happen, it just isn't the way to trade for the future.  We all know that if H4 is <20% K on the Stochastic for any period of time, that at some point in time it wil rise and climb and we want to be entering the long trade when it starts to rise....not entering the short trade praying it will continue to make some pips.

When looking at the charts, I can tell you from personal experience that using the M5 as a building tool to predict the moves of the markets is mentally tough.  Too often I drift off and put too much weight on what the H1 and H4 are doing...thinking my price will be attracted to where they were rather than where they are going.

--- 帖子 #3 ---
All examples will be on EUR/USD as this is what we primarily trade.

We use 5 charts: M5,M15,M30,H1 and H4.

We only use the Stochastic Oscillator as an indicator.

M5 is 14,1,1 Simple MA, Low/High price field with Slowing=1

The rest are the same except they use 14,3,3

We set the M5 levels at 90% and 10%, the rest at 20% and 80%

We remove the %D line and only use %K

My typical chart layout looks like the one below. Notice I have candlestick price on the M5 and line price on the H4. ( I use line price on others but do not display it typically).

--- 帖子 #4 ---
A word on chart shift...

When backtesting you need to be aware that chart times are opening times.  As such the Stochastics have to be shifted accordingly.  For example an M5 chart showing 22:50 will have accurate closing stochastics at M15 chart showing 22:30, a M30 chart showing 22:00, an H1 chart showing 21:00 and an H4 chart showing 16:00.  This is critical when back-testing.

During live trades we only want to look at the last closed period end, not the active stochastic which will be moving.  This can be really confusing on H4 which on some charts only wags up and down on the last hour and and keeps the remaining time peiods from moving even if they are still part of the open candle.

Pay attention to what the close of the time periods are.

In chart diagrams and showing concepts that are not time critical I may not shift the charts as this adds a huge amount of time to creating them.

In reviewing real trades or live trades, I will present the charts with the proper shifts.

Please be aware of these shifts when posting your own charts and adjust accordingly (especially on past trades or backtests).

--- 帖子 #5 ---
To introduce PMTFS (Predictive Multi-Time Frame Stochastics) let us look at Oct 20th 2008. Here we had the H4 upward trend reverse and price drop.

We'll take a look at how we could have predicted that price drop and enter the short.

Below is an overview of the charts for that day:

--- 帖子 #6 ---
We'll start looking at 9:15 on Oct 20th at 9:15. This is where we have an M5 trigger point. An M5 trigger point is any time our M5 %K Stochastic (%K) is <10 and >90 at close.

Fundamentally, the M5 trigger at > 90%K means a short transition is likely. An M5 trigger at <10 %K means a long transition is likely. However, alone it is meaningless without analysis of multiple time frames!!!!!

The chart below shows us a short trigger. The M15 is showing us that M5 has been building upwards and that if look at the M5 price we can see price has moved up too. In this case we would ignore the short trigger entry.

Here is where we step back into my earlier threads of MTF Stochastics and Escalator PIPS. We can see that M30 is nosing over and wanting to dive, our H1 hasn't quite reached the 80 %K line and H4 is climbing. Any short at this moment is a "definite not likely" to happen moment.

So everything looks up (long), we have no entry here. If you were already long you should probably stay in but in this case we are just starting our day.

--- 帖子 #7 ---
At 9:40 we hit another M5 short trigger and still we have no entry and things still look in favour of the long (up) for much the same resaons as the previous chart.

--- 帖子 #8 ---
In PMTFS trading our M5 trigger is a signal and may be an entry point. We can also enter after the trigger signal point if the trend looks like it will reverse and we want to wait. We are thinking long term here and not scalping a few pips. The trigger is needed before we can enter but entering after the trigger is fine when we can see the new trend form.

The chart below is at 9:55 and again we have reached out trigger (and we did reach the trigger 5 mins before that too), but everything still looks long and we need to sit tight.

The M30 still supports weakness in our price but we want to see the M5 and M15 build M30 and not follow M30.

--- 帖子 #9 ---
At 10:55 we have watched everything turn to the short. Price has dropped 35 pips. Our M5 has reached a new long trigger.

Our M15 and M30 are now headed down, this means our M5 has built a short and our M5 long trigger can be ignored. We still have no entry.

Note where H1 is, very high and we should see M15 and M30 start to pull H1 a little later.

H4 is completely deceiving us and we now need to ignore H4. It is 3 hours old. If M15 and M30 were low and moving up H4 would have more meaning.

--- 帖子 #10 ---
Here comes the exciting part!

At 12:10 we get an M5 short trigger and you bet we jump on this trade. M15 is down, M30 is down, H1 is down and look athe H4 price...down.

The H4 stochastic is inverted to price (stochastic went up, price went down) which is even a better indicator that our down trend is well supported.

Notice the difference of this M5 short trigger and the relationships of all the other MTF Stochastics to the previous charts where we had short triggers. This following of the movement is important. We can't just reach certain levels and trade, we need to follow what the moves are.

You will notice that this is pretty much an MTF or Escalator To Pips trade now. The key difference has been or M5 trigger and the past movments of the stochastics. Watching M5 build the higher stochastic time frames will give us a huge advantage on our entry.  We have "predicted" a short trend and we will be rewarded with one.

--- 帖子 #11 ---
Follow the the stochastics down as per MTF or Elevator to PIPS and this is over at 14:50 with 75-90 PIPS in your pocket.

--- 帖子 #12 ---
nice job.   Well put.  Will try it out

--- 帖子 #13 ---
Very nice Spud, thank you.

--- 帖子 #14 ---
Great predictive tool. Spud, thank you so much.

Harry

--- 帖子 #15 ---
It looks like it can be made into EA>

--- 帖子 #16 ---
i find this kind of approach to stochs very helpful because not every time the stoch bounces off the 90/10 will price turn around.

the novice looks at stochastics and concludes that it gives alot of false signals because price does not go with them every time they enter a trade when the stoch crosses the 80/20 lines.

using MTF stochs (whatever version) i find gives the trader a sense of the waxing and waning of price intensity or momentum. on any TF the stoch makes waves up and down on the chart.

but, when a wave on the M5 is in sinc with a wave on one or more higher TFs price is probably going to make a strong move.

when the M5 is not in sinc with one or more TFs it is a sign that the M5 stochastic line is averaging in a shift in momentum, but not necessarily a shift in the direction of price.

as always Spud - thanks for your contribution to our better trading

.

--- 帖子 #17 ---
WOW!  That's very well said.

--- 帖子 #18 ---
With MTF Stochastics we can easily get ahead of ourselves because we see perfect long trade setups forming and want too leap in early.

This following few charts are an example about how to avoid early traps, wait for the M5 trigger and enter the trade when the price starts to build the higher time frames.

In these diagrams the cues are very subtle, expecially iin the higher time frames. However, if we watch early on what is happening it is very clear when to enter the long trade.

This is Oct 10 at 2010. We see an M5 long trigger after a downhill trend. See how all our stochastoics are low and pointed down. This can be a real temptation in MTF Stochastics because we know these stochastics are going to go up...problem is when and how to avoid any further downhill price. It is our M5 trigger that tells us when to enter.

Right now we have no entry.

--- 帖子 #19 ---
At 2050 we have seen a number of M5 triggers and I bet our trigger fingers are getting itchy for a long entry. Notice the price on M5 it is still going down and all our stochastics are still pointed down.

The exception is the M5 stochastic see it rise while price falls. These small inversions between price and stochastics are very telling when used in conjunction with other time frames. Unfortunately we can't live off these inversion signals, but they are another tool that supports our expectations of price movement. These inversions are tell tale signs of change...again it is a matter of "when" vs "if" and we want to avoid any traps.

--- 帖子 #20 ---
At 2135 there still isn't much change. We can see a flattening of the M30 and in conjunctin with the rise of the M15 this is interesting. Again, even though we have 2 M5 triggers it is too early to enter.

However do you see that inversion has moved into M15...the price is down and the M15 stoch is rising.

We can't enter with price moving down. Even though we are expecting an upward change we want to enter knowing we have that change in place.

Having said that, this is a good gamble for a long trade entry. We've seen the M5 inversion move to the M15, we know our M5 trigger tells us to go long and even though our M30 hasn't risen, it probably will.

If it were me, I'd wait. It is just a whole lot safer.

--- 帖子 #21 ---
5 minutes later and this would be a compelling time to buy long. If your really the impatient type - this is the trap you must avoid. A good gamble yes, but it won't always work in your favour...tust me I'm about as impatient a trader as there is!

Take a good look at M15. Here is proof positive that stochastics don't lag. However, we have to keep ourselves in control. This is a sit back and wait moment to get the proof we need to enter the trade. The price move is the big hold back and we know things are going to change and go up..so why not wait for it.

--- 帖子 #22 ---
We finally hit our long entry at 22:00 (actually we enter at the close at 22:05). Notice we are entering after the trigger. We have waited for all the signals to come together.

See how M5 and M15 are moving up and price is too.

We waited and also have support from M30 and H1. As subtle as those upward moves are they are important. Consider that price in our M5 chart is all downhill from what we see and look at what M30 and H1 did over that entire period of downhill price movement...can you see that slight up curve.

Look back at M15...can you see an even longer up curve than my arrows show?

Remember it is what M5 is building that tells us where price is headed. Even though M5 price has been moving down, it has been building for an upward move. That M5 trigger is the pressure valve...it signalled the trade entry and we just waited to make sure.

--- 帖子 #23 ---
Spud , do you think it's possible to define some sort of defined rules based on your MTF Predictive Stochs to create an alert indicator ?

I was thinking to something like this :

Long signal :

1) M5 , K% < 10 and rising

2) M15 , K% > 20 and rising

3) M30 , K% > 20 and rising

4) H1 , K% > 20 and rising

5) H4, K% > 20 and rising

Short signal :

1) M5 , K% > 90 and decreasing

2) M15 , K% < 80 and decreasing

3) M30 , K% < 80 and decreasing

4) H1 , K% < 80 and decreasing

5) H4, K% < 80 and decreasing

--- 帖子 #24 ---
And here is our trade. 50 Pips or there about.

We are taking the exit on the first M5 short trigger only because we are nearing the weekend close. I prefer not to hold trades over the weekend if possible.

Notice how easy it is to travel through this trade from entry to exit. At no point are you in doubt or stressed about your trade...no stops to worry about. Just a nice relaxing climb, the M5 short trigger goes off and exit the trade.

If this wasn't a weekend and the M30 was a little stronger I might have stayed in this trade and followed the same cues that got me into the trade to get me out. But that is for latter explanations.

--- 帖子 #25 ---
Bravo for this meticulous and well-explained trading methodology. 'A journey of a thousand miles, begins with a single STEP'! And that step is exactly your M5 chart, as M1 is too juvenile and frivolous to lend any serious thought to, and H1/H4 are the 'have-beens'. The M15/M30 watch the mood of M5 and accordingly comply, whereby allowing M5 to FINALLY trigger your awaited move which H1/H4 have to record as your new-found TREND!! Thanks again for your efforts and selfless endeavor to enrich others with the fruits of your hard work. God Bless.

Zaffar.

--- 帖子 #26 ---
It won't be quite that simple.  I'lll keep rambling on and you can see what are the factors are.  I'll try to work out a more "logical" process but much of this is intuitive on my part.  Hopwever, I'm sure there are logical parameters that can be used.

--- 帖子 #27 ---
More well said writings.  I'll mention that M1 could, might, probably may help in identifying changes much like the M5/M15 relationship.  However to actually use M1 in a live trading scenerio would require a brain much faster than mine   It may be interesting to play with M1 in an EA as I think it may trigger earlier entry.....but it may also trigger too early an entry and lead to many traps.

--- 帖子 #28 ---
I agree with you that we would have to be fast for a M1 entry and probably an EA would do the job better, but I recall a professional trader saying "those who seek bottoms, lose theirs". I for one prefer it your way for the trend to initiate properly on M5, and then go for it. Happy pipping.

Zaffar.

--- 帖子 #29 ---
Yes I see Spud, so just to start with something very simple , I'll code an alert whenever the M5 is going on extreme >90% or <10%

--- 帖子 #30 ---
Here are a few parameters:

M5 trigger long or short (%K<10.0001 and > 89.9999)

Price turning off a trend, so long trigger would want price going up after price has been coming down...here's a toughy....how many M5 candles in the down trend..and how many now in the up trend

At M5 long trigger point is M15 %K up, for how long and how much,what is it's slope

That will really get you started (and keep you really busy)

Actually this might be a better list:

LONG TRADES

M5 < 10.0001%  - simply triggers that we can make a long trade

At M5 trigger point:
Where are M15,M30,H1,H4 located in their ranges (overbought 80-100, high 65-80, middle 35-65, low 20-35, oversold 0-20)
How long have they been moving up/down/flat and what is their slope…consider flat +/- a slope that is not visible to the eye on the chart…maybe only +/- 1% K?
The slope would be a straight line from the point where the direction of the %K line changed overall direction
Is the last %K line pointed up or down, the last 2, last 3, etc.  How many periods can we go back where %K is following same direction

--- 帖子 #31 ---
Thx Spud I'll take a look to code this

--- 帖子 #32 ---
Great analysis..step by step. Great job Spud. Thanks.

--- 帖子 #33 ---
I second that. What a treat to have someone so experienced in this share their wisdom with others.

Facinating stuff

cheers Spud

--- 帖子 #34 ---
it is easy to forget and look at the last bar stoch.. when you have to look at the previous bar one... it would be nice an stoch line without the last bar stoch. because it is moving until the bar closes and it is not used.

--- 帖子 #35 ---
Pls try this modified version..

--- 帖子 #36 ---
wow that was fast

thank you heh

--- 帖子 #37 ---
You're welcome Emda ! It was fast because it's a minor change on the standard stochastic indicator

--- 帖子 #38 ---
hi spud

i m looking at the trade yo have posted earlier and i dont see the stochastics on H4  is moving up ? it is important to have the h4 is moving up too right ?

regards

--- 帖子 #39 ---
i meant in post 22 spud where u have said you took the trade . the 5 , 15  , 30  are pointing up

1h maybe just turning and h4 is still pointing down , could u please comment

regards

--- 帖子 #40 ---
Remember that we are looking at the M5 building the M15, building the M30 and so on.  H1 and H4 tell us where we are (were) in the broader view of the MTF stochastics.  H1 can play a role if we see it support our recent M15 and M30 movements.  You can see it in my examples but you have to look carefully.  H4 is likely going to lag so far behind we will use it more to determine where we are and staying in the trade for a long period.

Also remember we are seeking trend change.  If we are going long and H1 and H4 are > 90% K...we won't even bother entering that long trade....we might scalp the M5,M15 and M30 but we'd know we aren't staying there very long.

I'll be providing more examples and hopefully I can find one that demonstrates this better.

--- 帖子 #41 ---
The question was asked, how do we use H4? The chart below illustrates the answer.

If one is a trend trader and looks at the long trends to be their guide then this would be a tempting short trade entry. Even our M5 trigger is indicating a short entry point. The H1 can pull you by the nose and say "follow me" because we look at that H4 way down there and expect everything to fall down before H4 can climb up.

In Predictive MTF Stochastics we are a little smarter. The M15 right now is flat and has risen with price since M5 has been building upwards. M30 is starting to curl over but it too is still up. H1 is a lagger...we are not following H1, we want H1 to follow us. H4..now there is a story.

The ideal position for H4 is up higher...we want M5 to lead the way. If M5 is going to start falling then where does H4 have to go? It is true that H4 could fall below 20%K and we could enjoy a nice down trend...but that is a risk. In Predictive MTS Stochastics we don't want any risks...we just want to make easy, reliable PIPS.

The H4 way down there is a warning, we know H4 will climb...it is a matter of when...not if. True, it might, may, possibly stick in the oversold and price might, may, possibly fall 500 pips...BUT it may also not.

Given where the other stochastics are we know they will fall, but they could also linger in the overbought area and pull the H4 up....that would kill us if we went short.

In otherwords, why guess? Let's wait and see and use our predictive skills to know what is going to happen.

How high do we want H4? There's no definitive number. It acts a bit like a guage but we have to use it in relationship to everything else.

What we always want to keep in mind is that we want to be building the H4 and not following where it has been.

So, in this position, I would not want to enter short here at this moment in time.

--- 帖子 #42 ---
Here's your short entry at 11:05 (close of 11:00). Do you see the difference?

M5 has built a downward move in M15 and M30, H1 continues down. Here H4 is still our enemy in the sense we don't like where it is. However, now we have the support cast all in line.

The question here, is this a worthwhile entry with M5 so low? Remember M5 is a trigger, not what we follow. We only concern ourselves with M5 if it hits a trigger point. What it does in between the triggers is meaningless....as long as it is building our M15 and M30 in the right direction. If a change is going to happen (in a big way), our M5 will hit a trigger point.

Again, now we can play the game where we expect M15, M30 and H1 to fall down to pick H4 up. So long as we are BUILDING downward momentum in this trade we are safe trading this short.

The biggest factor here is waiting for M30. You may have jumped in when M15 headed down, but because H4 is so low we want to be sure.

The price rise in M5 can be a concern, but remember it is the M5 trigger that leads to significant direction change. If M5 hits the long trigger below 10% K, our price will probably drop and we'll still gain some pips, breakeven or lose a little, but we won't get killed. If M5 climbs to a short trigger above 90%K then we have to view what our M15 and M30 did in response.

This is a very safe short entry with little loss risk.

--- 帖子 #43 ---
Here is where H4 can really throw you off it you let it lead and don't use triggers. See H4 rise. Remember that is the past 4 hours...but look where everything else is...even though price is flat they are still building a downward move.

Most important is we have no trigger. Exiting here will gain you a few PIPS but it is too early. Nothing here says a move upwards is building yet.

--- 帖子 #44 ---
You wouldn't enter a long here so why exit a short?

Again, nothing here pointing up (except H4) so let's keep our eye on M15 and M30 and keep in our trade.

--- 帖子 #45 ---
Here at 13:15 reinforces waiting for the M5 trigger. That M5 loop would put panic into us, but what did M15 and M30 do? Down and flat.

It's a difference of 20 PIPS, and do you notice how safe our trade has been since we entered it. We went into the negative 20 PIP range on a high but never did M15 and M30 tell us we were in trouble. Nor did we hit any M5 trigger point to exit the trade when we were in the red.

Now look at M15, H1 and H4. M15 and H1 are all the way down near 20%K. M30 is flat and we have a long trigger.

There is no way you want to go in the opposite direction of M15, H1 and H4 when we know and expect they will climb.

Do we have a long trade? No, we don't have proof for that either. It is time to exit and take our 40 PIPS or so.

We just wait until it all sets up again.

I should add the H4 up move is a legacy of the past 4 hours, just a portion of our trade window.  This is something we need to keep in mind when watching the H4.  We have a hard time saying that our recent moves are building H4 upwards given that everything else has moved down.  Just remember we  started this trade with H4 down near 20 %K, and it has done what we expected it to do...climb.  We also expected the remaing stochastics to fall before H4 climbs..they have done that.  This is the expected scenerio and exactly what we feared from the start when we looked at the first chart.

--- 帖子 #46 ---
I apologize for the RSI line at the bottom of the M15 charts on the previous chart posts.  That is not relevant to what is being explained here.  Please ignore it.

--- 帖子 #47 ---
Here's a completely different perspective. The chart below shows all our stochastics low. Unlike the previous entry of charts where we had our H4 at the opposite end of our trade, this time we want to ride the escalator.

We look for M5 and M15 to lead the way and then we enter when we have proof price is building M15.

We don't have to wait for M30 here. Why?

A bad fall in M5 will issue a long trigger. M5 and M15 are not high enough to drastically hurt us if price does fall. If we get another long trigger where will M15 and M30 be?

Safer and less risks....wait for M15 to rise above 20% K. Wait for M30 to turn up.

This is purely positioning of our guages. With everything low like this, and an M5 long trigger it is all in our favour.

--- 帖子 #48 ---
We don't have a short entry so why leave our long.

M15 just cleared the 20%K and rising. M30 is a bit disappointing but stay on the escalator and ride M15 up.

Unless we see that price dip downwards, we stay long.

--- 帖子 #49 ---
Here's our first true exit indication. After about 210 PIPS up. Notice how M15 and the price are both headed down. I admit the price is hardly moving downwards, but we've also exhausted our up escalator with M30 rising above 80%K, I'm pretty content to exit this one.

We could certainly wait until we see a much more definite downward price move with M15 headed down and the M5 short trigger, we certainly have lots of PIP room to play with....but when you see that price move and M15 go down...do exit.

--- 帖子 #50 ---
Interesting thread Spud.  Glad to see you're back on the scene!

--- 帖子 #51 ---
thanks for your spot on analsys Spud. Here is something I wanted to toss at you guys which has become a help to me. The only indicators I have on my charts are MTF stochs, RSI and Wms.

The thing that has intrigued me in Forex is learning not just what direction price will go next, but the degree of price's current intensity or momentum. I have been using a variation of Stochastics along with your MTF stuff that is a help.  The below is to gauge current intensity of direction.

As you know Wms %R is basically the same as the %K stochastic only on a negative scale. The chart below shows two settings of Wms%R (actually %K on my chart).

bold blue line: stoch 99,1,1 (same as Wms %R 99)

dotted blue line: stoch 49,1,1 (same as Wms %R 49)

yellow line on left shows the beginning of that trend

yellow line on right shows the end of that trend

KEY USE: where these lines converge >10 upward and <90 downward it shows strong potential for immediate or pending trend reversal. This line synthesis does not show up on every trend reversal, but when the lines do converge in the hot area there is most often positive pips waiting.

I do not use the lines for finding the set up for the next trade, but to guage momentum or intensitive of direction.

I should mention also that there are other nuances which these Wms line indicate, but for now I thot I would mention their usefulness helping to gauge momentum of price direction.

--- 帖子 #52 ---
here is the same chart now with the %K line layered on the intensity lines

(note: K line is 14,1,3)

--- 帖子 #53 ---
here is a view with price showing what actually happened in relation to these lines.

btw, i have an explanation for what I believe is going on in the middle of the chart. To some traders this will look like false signals to go north or noise as some call it.  Yet, there is also info in those lines for possible continuance of that trend.  I can explain my thots on that later.

thanks

--- 帖子 #54 ---
KudzuFX , your approach to Stoch trading is very interesting but I guess this could create confusion mostly on newbie (like me) that are trying to understand Spud's approach.

It would be great if you could start a new thread where you teach how you trade the Stoch using the Wms

--- 帖子 #55 ---
I took first trade with Spud`s Predictive MTF Stochastics Method.

Like to hear some advice about I`ve done right or not, and about my exit point.

Enter : 28/10/2008 9:42 GMT

1) 5m triggered Short (over 90) and headed down almost reaching 20 line

2) 15m was just closed under 80

3) 30m was above 80 but was heading down

Exit :

1) 30m was closed flat after 5m ranging around 50 line

2) 15m was almost reached 20 line (but still was heading down)

3) 5m was heading up (this was not considered as exit reason)

Exit with 25pips Profit

etc.

Maximum drawdown was -5pips

Maximum Profit was 58pips

Entry Price was Never touched after drawdown

At the moment I`m writing,

30m was turned down again

5m is turining down near 90 line (couldn`t passed 90line)

15m is heading up

1H down 4H up

Price was turning down and already passed my exit point

Should I wait for next long signal in this situation?

or better to exit and re-enter when 5m and 30m is turning down again?

Anyway, this system looks very reliable

--- 帖子 #56 ---
hi skyline

KudzuFX information produce no confusion at all.

It relates compleatly to the theme

thanks for sharing Kudzufx.

But can you explain where you can read the continuation of the trend in the middle. i didn´t see?

thanks to spud and Kudzufx

--- 帖子 #57 ---
[quote=deepermind;2308923]I took first trade with Spud`s Predictive MTF Stochastics Method.

Like to hear some advice about I`ve done right or not, and about my exit point.

Your entry point was fine. You exited a little early. I could only grab 33 PIPS max from this trade.

Remember the M5 trigger. Looks like you may have gotten a little nervous when the M5 stochastic headed north. We only use the M5 trigger points and price trend, don't follow the M5 stochastic line.

Look at what M15 and M30 are doing...they were building down. When M15 went flat we had no trigger on M5, and M30 was building down.

I can see on your chart the upward twitch on M15/M30.  This is where that trigger is important on M5.  Your exit was safe and you saw the stochastics move up.  That's a good call.

--- 帖子 #58 ---
Great explanation !

Thank you Spud!

I will try more on coming month and post my trades here.

--- 帖子 #59 ---
Hi Spud.

Wonderful to see your analysis forecast H4 turnings with precision. I was wondering if we could device a methodolgy on your concept by 'always being in a trade', a sort of 'stop-and-reverse'. Turning of H4 in no small phenomena, and a strategy to extricate all those pips would be truly worthwhile. Best of luck.

Warm regards.

Zaffar.

--- 帖子 #60 ---
Hi again,

Just a quick question Spud, at what times do you find the most productive with this system.

Thanks,

J

--- 帖子 #61 ---
The chart below shows the critical importance of focusing on the M5 build and not the past history of our stochastics. This is Oct 28th and our trade starts at 21:20 (21:15 on the chart). This is almost 150 PIPS and if you follow the build, an easy non stressful trade. I'll admit that the entry may give you some stress but in a few short minutes you are just counting PIPS and waiting for the exit.

The dark blue area on our time frames shows when we hit the M5 Long Trigger and the period we had to wait until we saw M15 build from it. Here is our very first trading rule:

Rule 1: M5 Price MUST prove (move in the) direction of the M5 trigger signal for the trigger to be valid.

The short trigger before our long entry is not valid. Price is moving UP and therefore, only our Long trigger is still valid.

Notice we don't enter the long trade until we see M15 move up with price.. That is our second rule:

Rule 2: The M5 price must build the M15 %K stochastic move. M15 must move in the direction of our trigger after the trigger is validated.

If M15 was already moving up for the last 25 hours, that doesn't count. M15 must move after the trigger signal in the direction of our valid trigger. Always remember we are trading the present and the future..not the past.

As you can see in this trade, both these rules have been met.

Note that M30 has not moved up yet. M30 will lag and we can wait for it to go up be ultra safe, or go with the M15 so long as we meet the criteria of Rule 1 and 2. Again it is looking at the position of the stochastics that help us assess our risk. M30 is low and H4 is low. M15 is in the low mids. That's 3 out of 5 time frames showing room for upward growth. actually we really only count M15-H4 so it is 3/4. Remember that M5 is just our trigger, we do not follow the stochastic up and down to make decisions...just the trigger points on M5.

The light blue section is our trade window. Notice our EXIT. The M5 price went down, we have a M5 Short trigger and the M15 %K stochastic dropped...this is a valid short trigger. We exit. So happens our M30 validates it too, so much the better.

In the middle of the trade we have 2 price movements down with the M5 triggers...BUT the M15 does NOT move down. Flat maybe..but not down. So these are not valid short triggers.

I should note when I say "up" or "down", I am referring to the flat horizontal..so down has to be below the horizon and up above the horizon..kinda like flying

Through that entire trade and living by the 2 trade rules I mentioned (and knowing a little about stochastic positions in MTF)...the trades become very "predictable" and quite easy to enter and exit. Easy to enter and exit because the rules are exactly the same.

It is OK to cheat on the exit..take your exit on any opposite trigger if you like (so long as you are in positive PIP land and the trigger still isn't valid). Exit when you have your daily quota of PIPS. You could have made PIPS on any of the short triggers in this trade but you MUST exit when you see a valid opposite trigger.

--- 帖子 #62 ---
I'll get my thots together and post them on a new thread.

--- 帖子 #63 ---
Spudfyre:I found the attached MTF stoch bar indicator in another forum. Does this accomplish the same thing as opening the charts for all those time frames? If not, do you know of an MTF stoch histogram indicator that represents your method?

--- 帖子 #64 ---
We'll get there.

--- 帖子 #65 ---
None.  I have yet to be able to replace the visual aspect of having all the stochs open giving you real time picture you need to trade successfully.

There have been numerous issues with stochs all on one time frame, not the least is the chart/time shift phenomena.

Having said that, some people have made some very good MTF stochastic indicators that address some issues.  I still find the real thing the best choice and use the single MTF indicators for quick snapshots of the markets when I'm waiting for trades.

--- 帖子 #66 ---
im very happy to see you back spud

i ve been a silent reader for you forums but when i saw you back i made a registration just to thank you for who you are

sorry if my english is not good its not my mother language

i ve been using the all stockastic indicator its exllente with no repainting or shift but you ve to get used to it cause it just shows the happining not the past

i ll send pictures for it and the way to display it maybe this ll make things easier

we can get all time frams next to each other or we can get it in on box but we need to make lots of setups

the aqua line is 15m

the blue is 30m

the red is 1h

the white is 4h

the vertical long line is i made is to show you that before that line all candles on all time frame has closed after the line to the right show what is happining now and its not final untill candle closer

we can put all in on box but i personaly for visual reason put it in 3 box

or we can display all next to each other but change the number of bars from 35 to 15

for more explanation i ll be happy to help

i still need lots of time to be able to read stockastic correctly but i trust your system

thank you spud

--- 帖子 #67 ---
here is the indicator

--- 帖子 #68 ---
Spud did you have a chance to test the slight modified Stochastic version where latest bar is not painted ? Do you think it could be of some help in MTF Stochastic to avoid confusion mostly in live trading ?
http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...7&postcount=35

Cheers,

Skyline

--- 帖子 #69 ---
That's a nice tool.  Certainly would help peole avoid confusion.  I haven't had a chance to thoroughly test it, but haven't seen any issues with it yet.

--- 帖子 #70 ---
Thanks for the indicators and comments Sarah.  They look interesting and may be useful to people.  Perhaps some people here can test them thoroughly.

--- 帖子 #71 ---
Would I be mistaken to say that MTF Stochs have a dual gender appeal?

Welcome Sarah

--- 帖子 #72 ---
I use your MTF system with 50pips hard stop in my demo account.

50pips is quite big stop loss compared to my usual profit (10~20pips a day)

When I was on bad trade, usually I just wait for price touching stop loss, because I can`t decide when I have to quit.

When there`s something wrong happens I try to wait for candle close but, 15min (even 5min) is very long time to wait for close when there is sudden 40~50pips price movement.

Since I am newbie in the forex market, I feel more comfortable and get confidence with hard stop or mechanical stop loss strategy with money management.

I read all of your thread, and I know what`s your stop loss philosophy.

But, can you recommend any stop loss strategy for your system which has mechanical rule for newbie like me? (or just 50pips hard stop is good one?)

english is not my mother tongue, sorry for bad writting!

--- 帖子 #73 ---
You will probably find with the correct entries and exit with this system you will encounter far less pip draws and get by with smaller stops.  Having said that, it is far more expense to lose 20 PIP stops 5-6 times because of spikes than one 50 PIP stop because of a bad trade.

The other alternative is to keep your stop dynamic and move it along with the candle up and down...maxing out at a certain point.  This will at least give you a little bigger edge than say a fixed 20 PIP stop.

--- 帖子 #74 ---
One of the nice things about this system is that we are trading "safe". This means we will miss some opportunities, but that these missed opportunities had risk and would not have been very straightforward trades.

The chart below shows the the price is up, M15 is up and we have validated a long trigger. However, this is where we need to know where we are on the map and M30, H1 and H4 are all high so a long here is much riskier than if the M30, H1 and H4 were lower. This is a long entry we pass on.

--- 帖子 #75 ---
The chart below shows us the trouble we missed knowing where our M30,H1 and H4 are.

--- 帖子 #76 ---
Spud – Have you ever entered a trade after missing the initial entry point? Example:   The 15M,30M and 60M stochastic have all pulled away from the 80 level and are moving down nicely (based on a short trade). You have missed the initial entry point and the 5M is moving up but is poised to turn back down. Is there a signal to look for in this case even if the 5M has not gone back to the 90 level for another short trigger?

Thanks for all your help!

--- 帖子 #77 ---
this may be stating the obvious, but are showing here that in a sense price is in the processing of "losing steam" and thus may be at a point (on the higher TFs) to reverse and go down?

--- 帖子 #78 ---
Only if I my trigger becomes valid or I get a new trigger.  You'll find as I go through my next series of examples and as you see this progress that it makes more sense to be "always" right and trade the trades that meet the rules rather than try to make a trade that isn't quite fitting the rules.

Having said that, you might see an Esclator to PIPS or MTF set up that is worthwhile trading and use those rules for the trade if this system doesn't catch it.

--- 帖子 #79 ---
That can be one way of looking at it.  Our signal may simply lag sometimes.  What I'm looking for is consistency and reliability on the entry of the trade.  There are some straight forward benchmarks that are established which produce these safe trade entries and the trade follows the course time and time again.

There are other entries..that would follow the rules but because we are where we are over the multiple time frames, it just doesn't make sense to put yourself in that risky area knowing we may have a perfectly good trade in a 30 mins or a few hours.

Having said that your idea presented earlier looks interesting as a different type of trigger.  I haven't had time to test it but I'll certainly take a look at it.

--- 帖子 #80 ---
Here's a fairly simple long entry with a little tricky exit. This is by far a fairly confident entry with M5, M15, M30 and H1 all starting low. The H4 way up there isn't great, but it shouldn't stop us from trading. In fact, if we remember our MTF Stochastics, we know that our lower time frames need to climb to pull H4 down more.

Notice our entry meets our 2 rules....M5 trigger is long, M5 price is up and when M15 %K goes up..we enter.

In the middle of this trade we have 2 M5 Short Triggers, but neither is valid. See that price is down but M15 is still up and never goes down. We are backed up by M30 which is also building up.

Now this exit is a little tricky. We get our 3rd M5 Short Trigger, price is down and if we aren't watching carefully M15 is down. It is only down 0.2% but that is down. Now, you could go longer and watch to see if there is a more significant drop...but playing by the rules this is an exit.

You could also play it much safer and exit at any of the M5 Short Trigger points so long as you are PIPing profits.

Now the H4. It is quite interesting that we pulled a 96 PIP gain when the H4 price is headed down. This should enforce the point that it is M5 that build the future of our trade and not following H4...H4 is where we have been. But, there are basic principles at work here that H4 tells us. If H4 is going to go down, price will eventually fall and in order for price to do that....M15,M30 and H1 must rise and then fall. The only other alternative is for M15,M30 and H1 to float in the oversold area and this would have changed the M5/M15 movements greatly.

You noticed that I stayed within the 2 rules on this trade. I stayed long until a valid opposite trigger kicked in. As well, I could easily have exited twice early and still made good gains. What I am not doing is pushing the limits and trying to extend this trade. It would be easy at this exit to want to follow M30 up or even H1 for even more gains long. You can do this, but it adds far more risk.

--- 帖子 #81 ---
Thanks for the detailed post, it's helping me to see your 5M PMTFS system in action. I have my charts set up very similar to yours but am starting to think of actually taking the 4H out. I think it is throwing me off having it staring me in the face, and more times than not, it's contradicting the current trade. Your thoughts?

Thanks again and great posts!

J

--- 帖子 #82 ---
I think I'm on the verge of my first spud trade.

5M stoch has been at or near 90 for awhile now, and that has caused the 15M, 30M and 1H to turn up or tick up. the 4H seems to stubbornly stay down, so I expect this to be a counter-trend trade.

I'm waiting for the 5M stoch to reach 10 and then turn up before I enter long.

Thoughts?

--- 帖子 #83 ---
I took this trade at 1:05 GMT for a quick pain free 30 pips.

--- 帖子 #84 ---
Here I go.

Comments?

--- 帖子 #85 ---
Is price up on 5M?

--- 帖子 #86 ---
For that bar: yes.

--- 帖子 #87 ---
So.....how did it turn out?

--- 帖子 #88 ---
29 pips. Profit, I need to work on the exit trigger.

--- 帖子 #89 ---
Very nice.

--- 帖子 #90 ---
Quote:

Originally Posted by skyline http://www.forexfactory.com/images/buttons/viewpost.gif
Spud did you have a chance to test the slight modified Stochastic version where latest bar is not painted ? Do you think it could be of some help in MTF Stochastic to avoid confusion mostly in live trading ?
http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...7&postcount=35

Cheers,
Skyline

does it mean you taking into consideration only previous bars values ( 15, 30 min, 1H,4H ago)?

or what's the confusion?

--- 帖子 #91 ---
i think that we need a programmer to help us writting an indicator that shows us the changing in the slope of the last bar +/- i think that will make things easier here is  the explanation of spud

The slope would be a straight line from the point where the direction of the %K line changed overall direction
Is the last %K line pointed up or down, the last 2, last 3, etc. How many periods can we go back where %K is following same direction

--- 帖子 #92 ---
than as with ma slope, momentum, roc - it still would be subject of discussion and decision making - what level of change can be acceptable or not  (though it could be possible to optimise for each currennsy)

actual change you can see by simply compering values in data window or on cursor point

--- 帖子 #93 ---
A few things after reading the last few entries:

M5 price up or down is calculated from the trigger close to the entry close.

Note: There is a thing I call the "fish hook" that I promise to demonstrate this weekend.

Slope of %K does not matter.  UP or DOWN from the ----  (horizons) is all that matters.  It might be interesting to back test slope values over a long period but I doubt % slope will have much bearing.

Just like you need a valid trigger to enter, and an opposite valid trigger to exit....an invalid trigger in the trade direction "can" stop your trade.  For example, if you have a valid Long trigger and enter ...then another Long trigger comes along and becomes invalid...most likely you should be exiting.  However there are a few factors here at play over the MTF.  I'll discuss these.

--- 帖子 #94 ---
We don't want to go here into the land of "iffy" decision making.  Follow th efirst 2 rules and they are 99% of the system.  Slopes, ma, are just going to confuse your trades, not help make better trades.

--- 帖子 #95 ---
Hi, anybody able to help me set up charts with the Stoch settings. I think I have a different version of MT4 and the indicator does not look right. Appreciate.

--- 帖子 #96 ---
Buck,

here's a link that shows you how to set up MTF Stochs
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=37176

more here
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=31790

can you post a screen shot of what you have now and we can look at it to see what you need?

.

--- 帖子 #97 ---
To perhaps simplify things, I'll demonstrate using only the looking at the first 2 rules and M5 and M15 only. I'll completely forget about looking at M30, H1 and H4 for now.

I've picked this trade to show you how this sytems catches an upward price move in what is a steady downward price move. Price moves down before and after our trade, but we "predict" almost exactly the upward price move.

This trade grabbed us anywhere from 8 to 30 pips depending on how we decided to exit. No matter what we MUST exit a long trade when we have a valid short entry produced.

Notice that when the M5 long trigger appears and soon after our first M15 move is down...it is only a bit but still down so we have to wait until our next M15 move ..and that is up..so we can mark our entry (M5 price is up from the trigger to M15 close that moved up).

We soon get 2 more M5 long triggers which are proven to be valid longs from M15 so we stay in our long trade.

Notice how M15 continually moves up during our trade and notice we only have long triggers during that period.

We finally get a M5 Short trigger (we actually have 2). You can see if you exit at the first M5 short trigger you will pocket about 20 PIPS. And if you exit at the 2nd M5 short trigger you pocket about 28 PIPS.

However, if you stay long because the M5 short has not yet been validated by M15...we hit our MUST EXIT point and take only 8 PIPS (less our spread).

We can exit at any time we are in profit...but we MUST EXIT when we hit an opposite trade validation entry. In otherwords if we are in a long trade and get a short entry signal then it is time to exit long and go short.

--- 帖子 #98 ---
I had no trades on Friday due to the fact that price action seemed very erratic and unstable. Did anyone find this to be true?

--- 帖子 #99 ---
Here was a nice quick 12 PIPS near end of day. This was only entered to grab a few quick PIPS but it worked out that we had an exit trigger pop in anyways to make the trade easy.

This took a while to enter and after the M5 Long trigger but waited until the M15 went up and looked at M5 price to make sure it was going up from our trigger to our entry.

Took the exit on the first M5 short trigger due to it being the end of the trading day. I was only aiming for 5-10 PIPS when this trade started.

--- 帖子 #100 ---
The trade before.....again late in the day so I'm looking to exit on the first M5 trigger or on PIPS. Here I was aiming for 30 PIPS at the start but if I hadn't hit the exit trigger I would have started to reduce my PIP target as the week neared closing time...or exit on a short trigger.

We get an M5 Long trigger, wait for M15 to go up and make sure the price is up on M5....we meet all that and enter the long trade.

Ride the roller coaster and notice how again our exit trigger grabs a nice spike when the M5 short trigger appears.

That was 21 PIPS for me (27 PIPS was the max close to close less spread).

The dive at the beginning of this trade did stress me, but stuck to the rules and rode it out.

2 simple trades for 33 PIPS in a rough and tumble ranging market at end of day.

--- 帖子 #101 ---
I'm wondering if entering on the white candle right after the M5 trigger would be a better place to have entered since the M15 was also pointing up at that moment as well?

--- 帖子 #102 ---
Very nice examples, Spud. Thank you for your help and I am really starting to like this trading stategy. Thanks again for coming back to the FF to be our mentor.

W.

--- 帖子 #103 ---
Yes, you can wait for a long candle if you prefer, but no guarantee the next candle after that will be a long one.  Better to just hop on and take the ride., you are not going to get into too much trouble with these kind of trades.

--- 帖子 #104 ---
Spud,

Does the tail end of your 5M stochastic wriggle erratically up and down as shown in the picture? Mine is always moving non-stop causing much stress and early bailing out of the trade. How do you handle this?

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #105 ---
Yes, this can be quite confusing.  We only want the last closed candle not the one that is currently alive.  Below is a stoch indicator that eliminates this provided by Skyline.

--- 帖子 #106 ---
I think it's important to note the zoom that you're using spud.

Let's say you're zoomed all the way in, and that value is 0, zoom out one level, that value is 1 and so on. What value is each chart?

I have:

5M:0

15M:1

30M:1

1H:1

4H:0

What are you using?

--- 帖子 #107 ---
Thanks, will give this indicator a try. Thanks to Skyline too.

Regards/Harry

--- 帖子 #108 ---
I use maximum zoom on all levels....or at least enough zoom so that each grid line  lines up with a candle for each time frame period.  For example M15 will show grid lines every 15 mins....I believe that is maximum zoom.

--- 帖子 #109 ---
DO NOT USE FISH HOOKS AS TRADE INDICATORS

Below is a perfect example of what I call a fish hook. We use fish hooks only to help us predict or support our trades. Some might be tempted to use a fish hook to gain early entry or predict and exit....I suggest not doing that very strongly as it can get you into a great deal of trouble. I call them fish hooks because they bait us into a trade and sometimes we get the bait and don't get caught....other times the Forex Gods catch us and cook us.

A good fish hook like the one below shows an upcoming downtrend. Notice how easy and clean the fish hook is. It is clearly a hook with a stright rise; (see the bottom of the candles on the uphill rise) and then a hook where price turns down. The rise may be longer or shorter and the hook not as large but the straigth climb is important, the M5 trigger is important and the 2 candle drop at the end is important.

If we get a valid short entry after this fish hook, or in the hook it is a very good sign for our short entry and that we are probably entering a good downhill trend.

Unfortunately, this is not 100% true. It is just mostly true when we have a valid short entry.

If you look very carefully at the 4 candles before our stright climb starts on our fish hook, you can see a false fish hook...that isn't a fish hook..we don't have a valid short entry there.

Use this only as a support guide. Something that may give you a little confidence in your trade when you see these form.

--- 帖子 #110 ---
My last word on fish hooks....because I don't want this to turn into a fish hook discussion. I just want you to be aware of their existence and using them as a morale booster.

The chart below shows first and upward trend fish hook coming just before our valid long entry. And then we can see the transition of a short trend fish hook at the right side where we get a valid short entry soon afetr to move into a down trend.

These fish hooks aren't quite as well defined as the first one I showed you, but they are there. In the middle of the chart where the long trend bottoms out you can see a small, very flat fish hook where we get another valid long entry and this leads to our gains just when you are probably thinking this trade is going south and Spud doesn't have a clue what he is talking about.

This is what I love about fish hooks. They give you just that little shot of confidence you are on the right trade. They are our Omega-5 of trading...good for stress relief.

--- 帖子 #111 ---
The Long Entry

1. The M5 long trigger must appear first (at close of 18:55 candle or 19:00 on the chart below). This is when %K on the M5 stochastic is under 10%. This is an alarm bell not an entry. Our early warning system. This also marks the M5 start price. Always at candle close.

2. After the long trigger, we must see the %K stochastic on M15 rise. This means that the difference between two consecutive M15 candles %K must be positive after the trigger. We can only look at the close of an M15 %K after the trigger, never before the trigger. For example, in the chart below our M15 trigger came at the close of the M15 18:45 candle (closes at 19:00)and the %K is 20.07%. The next consecutive M15 19:00 candle (closes at 19:15) has a %K of 26.41%. Thus 26.41%-20.07% = + 6 % (positive, UP).

3. With the M15 %K rise the M5 price must close higher than closing M5 price at the trigger (Price UP).

Here's a break down by the numbers: The first time is chart time, the (time) is the actual close time:

18:55 (19:00) M5 candle closes with %K <10 % Long Trigger M5 closing price is 1.2680

18:45 (19:00) first M15 candle close after trigger %K=20.07%

19:00 (19:15) M15 candle closes at %K=26.41% %K is UP

19:10 (19:15) M5 price closes at 1.2739 which is higher than trigger close price of 1.2680 Price is UP

(19:15) We enter our long trade

Notes:

Any rise of any 2 consecutive M15 %K candles AFTER the trigger is fine prior to any short trigger or invalid long trigger that may follow. What we must have is a M15 %K rise, with an M5 price rise that carries from the trigger point to the current M5 price candle close. In other words, price is building the M15 stochastic.

--- 帖子 #112 ---
Here's a good example of what could be a late entry. This is where the chart closed on Friday and on the open we could jump into the short trade. However, we'd want the price much closer to our entry of 2750 as we would be giving up 8 PIPS plus spread from our normal entry. Also, be aware that we may be close to a long trigger even though we have some downward room on the M15. Ideally I'd like to see an upward move in price to at least 2750 and then enter the short trade and exit on the long trigger. However, there is nothing wrong entering the short trade here. Keep in mind we'd want to see where the opening price popped in at before we'd enter into this one.

If it were me, I'd just sit tight and wait for the next proper entry.

--- 帖子 #113 ---
I see your point. Thanks for the example.

--- 帖子 #114 ---
pls can someone make an indicator that can display the difference between the last 2 closed stochastic candles value as per spud explanation below

our M15 trigger came at the close of the M15 18:45 candle (closes at 19:00)and the %K is 20.07%. The next consecutive M15 19:00 candle (closes at 19:15) has a %K of 26.41%. Thus 26.41%-20.07% = + 6 % (positive, UP).

thanks

--- 帖子 #115 ---
Spud, thanks for the time and effort involved in explaining you system. I was wondering what % of trades, do you estimate, are winners? Also, how many trades do you experience during a session?

--- 帖子 #116 ---
pls spud can you at the end of each day talk to us about the right signals that you took  because i feel its easy when i read the method but when i go life  it isnt  that easy to trade

i think we still need more life examples for more understanding

thank you

--- 帖子 #117 ---
hi spud i ve a situation here

i ve got a buy signal on m5 after a down move on the 5m chart

15m going down from 80 to 61%

30m 1h are in the overbought area

so i waited for 15m to turn up and it did but at the same time 5m hit the 90area for a sell signal 5m stochastic went down a bit than turned up making a strong up move in price

that sell signal on 5mthat happened at the same time of a buy confirmation on the 15m made me loose a good up move

whats your comment

thanks

--- 帖子 #118 ---
In my demo account

Short Entry

- 15M closed Down after 5M short Trigger

- 30M 1H heading down above 80line

- 4H Up but ignored

- 3/4 TF agree on Short Entry

Stop Loss 45pips (above previous hight candle but less than 50pips)

Maximum Drawdown -15pips

Possible Exit (+27Pips)

- 15M reached 20line

- but 30M 1H still down

- I decided to stay

Must Exit (+60pips)

- 15M heading up after 5M long trigger

Long Entry (Not Sure)

- 15M closed up above 20line after 5M long trigger

- 30M is heading up (but still not closed)

- 4H Up

- 1H still down (this made me hesitated)

- I thought 3/4 TF agree on Long entry

now +47pips but I`m not sure this was valid long entry or just luck

any advice welcome.

PS. I first time used nolastbar stochastic (only 5M 15M 30M) which helped me a lot to stay calm and confident during trade

but I felt 30min was too long time to wait, so I consider using normal stochastic for 30M 1H 4H

any advice about this?

--- 帖子 #119 ---
I've created a chart in the same time period as yours to show you were entries should have been. The long entry comes when the M15 %K rises from where the M15 was when the M5 long trigger was hit.

The M5 short triggers that appear are never validated, you can either exit at these trigger points in your long trade or carry on with your long trade until we see a valid short. On the first two M5 short triggers the M15 rises from 74% to 82%....I am not sure why yours is falling but mine is from a separate stochastic indicator (14,3,3) and it could be a fault of your indicator trying to track multiple time frames on one chart. As I say, you are much better using separate indicators during trades as it is far more accurate.

We do not get a real short trigger confirmed until much later on the right side of the chart.

--- 帖子 #120 ---
thanks spud for your explanation

i ll try to practice for a while before going life untill i master it

what platform do you use

mine is altrade i think maybe the different reading of the stochastic is due to the different time zone platform cause i rechecked the stochastic indicators it all working fine

thanks a million

--- 帖子 #121 ---
My winning percentage is very high...extremely high with this sytem.  I can't give you exact % because I use a variety of ways to exit.  If I were to simply exit on the opposite trigger, this would give the highest % wins but not neccessarily the highest PIP returns.  I also play to make only 20 PIPS a day and put value in my PIPS rather than trying to gain some ungodly amount of PIPS everyday.  So that would have bearing on my win %...as on days I feel like following for a longer trend and larger PIPS, I may loose...but I wouldn't normally take that risk without some other reason.

If you play this system with just the M5 and M15 you will find yourself in plenty of trades everyday.

--- 帖子 #122 ---
Can you post your "normal" M15 stochastic for that trade time frame....I'd like to see your M15 versus mine.

--- 帖子 #123 ---
Remember the M30,H1 and H4 are your guages, they tell you how things are generally, where you are in the world, etc.  You don't need these to trade this method, but if you are familiar with MTF Stochastics they can be a great help in allowing you to skip trades and/or stay in trades longer.  For example if they are all oversold, going short is probably a bad idea and vice versa.

The problem with watching candles live is they may go against you and you may make a rash decision...only to find the candle closes in your favour.  This has haapened so much to me, I stick to strict discipline in only watching candle closes.  Otherwise, I know my entire trading strategy changes to the ups and downs of the candles and it shouldn't.

--- 帖子 #124 ---
I'll being providing more.

--- 帖子 #125 ---
I had my first considerable loss this morning. I entered the E/U @ 14:40 GMT. The M5 had triggered for a long, the M15 was up and had moved above the 20 line, and the M30 was up. The market moved down slowly after I entered and went into a range for a while then moved down quickly for my loss. Did I read something wrong or did the market just move against me?

Thanks - W.

--- 帖子 #126 ---
Thank you for good advice Spud!

I just considered this method as advanced MTFS with M5 entry.

I should definately try to trade with PMTFS rules (with only M5 and M15)

for smaller but safer profit 10~20pips which is big enough for 1 day.

--- 帖子 #127 ---
here is mine

--- 帖子 #128 ---
a buy signal in a down trend

if we exit at the daily low line we have 35 pips in pocket but we dont ve an exit signal yet

--- 帖子 #129 ---
Can you post your chart for your entry time.

--- 帖子 #130 ---
Great entry example, here's the exit...I'd exit on the short triggers and take the 35 PIPS. You can see if you ride this out the result is not great as the up trend is slowly turning on us. Notice that the MUST EXIT point here is when the long is no longer valid....we have another long trigger but M15 is headed south.

You will see these small gains and losses quite a bit when trend hunting for big PIPS but they typically pay off with one good trend and 100+ PIPS.

--- 帖子 #131 ---
The change in M15 %K is viewed as the change over the past 15 minutes (or last candle). You can see the difference we get by looking at different zoom levels the show longer than the 15 minute time frame. The black arrow shows the 15 minute change.

The MTF stochastic on the left is not showing a 15 minute time frame, or if it is, it is skewing the line to to adjust for the multiple time frames. The one on the right looks similar to my M15 zoomed out at 30 minute intervals.

If you look closely at the MTF stochastic indicator you can see it is close, but it is rounding the stochastic slightly that it is very difficult to see ytthe exact 15 minute differences. This will be very problematic in looking for small %K changes. It looks to me like the last stochastic is candle on the MTF is adjusting to the other time frames and will not actually settle into a final shape until more candles have closed. This was a problem we saw with many single MTF stochastic indicators. I can't be sure without seeing the next few time frames but that is how it appears.

You can see I'm not a huge fan of the single MTF stochastic indicator.

--- 帖子 #132 ---
Spud - sorry for the delay on posting my charts...I still have a day job

The dotted vertical lines depict my long entry point.

--- 帖子 #133 ---
Here's my latest entry

--- 帖子 #134 ---
I exited at +30 PIPS, that's where I set my stop. Though I could have kept going.......and looking at the climb while I did this chart...I could have done much better.  However, I'm more than happy with my PIPS today.

--- 帖子 #135 ---
This is a nasty trade indeed. Your entry is fine, mine is a little earlier. We could have exited at 30-40 PIPS. However, the circle shows a whole area of worry. Remember we want our M5 to build M15 in the direction of our trade. You'll notice in all my trade examples that we are typically in the trade while M15 is being built by M5 in the direction of the trade. What is happening in the red circle is the opposite build and you have to decide how far you'll take this. I'd go no further than breakeven seeing something like this or lose my spread at worst. However, take 1 or 2 PIPS and wait for another trade. Don't follow M15 reversals against our trade for too long or too deep. The only exception would be a steep dive by M5 and it heads to the long trigger very quickly where we receive a valid long again..then I'd stay and ride that up again..in that situation you can't react to the quick price drop and either we'll get a valid long or an invalid long very quickly. In this situation, there is lots of time to think that M5 is not building an upwards M15 and we need to exit.

--- 帖子 #136 ---
Here's another trade...I exited at 20 PIPS. This has been a very easy day for me to make over 100 PIPS just chipping away at these trades catching small pip gains by setting my targets to +20-30 PIPS.

You can see in the last few trade examples how M5 is always building M15 in the direction of the trade. I'm usually gone before it moves in the opposite direction...but if you're up PIPS and M15 turns against you...just exit and catch the next one. It will be far less stresfull on you.

--- 帖子 #137 ---
Same entry as last chart....if you are in this trade this is where I'd exit. Why not...you got some good PIPS by now.  (about 50-55 PIPS)

--- 帖子 #138 ---
Hey Spud

Is it possible to use the same logic on the 1 and 4 hr charts instead of the 5 and 15m? Or is there too much time in between to get a defined entry point?

I guess the beauty of the 5 and 15 is that everyone in the world sees the same data where as a 4hr chart for me here in Australia will be completely different (in teerms of open and closes) to a 4hr chart of someone in London or the US

--- 帖子 #139 ---
Good question.  No idea.  But I don't see why not....it would follow the same logic, though be quite a long trade.  You've sparked my interest...will have to look at that.

--- 帖子 #140 ---
Thanks again for all the examples Spud, good to compare with my charts. Just a quick question about stops though; I know you have said your stops are dynamic but I'm wondering about when you move your stop to break even.

Thanks again for the help,

J

--- 帖子 #141 ---
Or I should have said the 15m and 1hr charts cause the whole world is on the same page there...

Loving this thread thanks

--- 帖子 #142 ---
I'm 2 for 2 now. First trade was +15 and this one just hit +30.  Thanks Spud.  The main thing I like about this system is that there is little almost no drawdown.

--- 帖子 #143 ---
Question for anyone: Does the 15 min stoch need to be above 20 or below 80 to instigate a trade?

Cheers

--- 帖子 #144 ---
Heres one I just noticed... Entry at the close of the 15 minute candle at 1.2581. Took a bit of heat at the start prob cause it was banging around right at the 50% fib retracement level of the last move down.

Next be looking to go in the direction of the trend.

I think this could work well with fib analysis - Just a thought.

BTW Spud do you ever pay much attention to divergence? Before reading your thread this was pretty much all I ever used the stochs for.

--- 帖子 #145 ---
Hey Spud, I just wan to thank you for all your help and insight. Your system is logically and fairly easy to implement once you know what to look for.

--- 帖子 #146 ---
right, candlestick patterns work good despite time shifts (broker times); sto (and basically all indis) should perform equally no matter what Tf is ...

sto14 - on 4H 14 bars: 6+6+2; covers 2days and 8 hours data ... should be ok...

Spud said 4h tf lags; may be specific of 4hours time periods (sessions time, market activity) and intraday? and also - waiting 4h candle to close - may be too long, move is gone,- too late (might depend on what bar, what time, part of the day)?

--- 帖子 #147 ---
also may be someone had experience with sto on (2,6 8h tfs) (period converter, mt4) or on other platforms?

--- 帖子 #148 ---
good morning spud

thanks for all the attention you give us

about the all stochastic indicator i ve been using it for quiet a long time and im sure its working perfectly .from my point of view the diferrences you tak about are due to the zoom and the width of the line

take a look for this charts

the normal 15-30-1h charts

and the all stock for the same time frames but on 5m screen

the zoom and the width are the same

i would like you to test the indicator life

and im waitting for you comments

thank you a lot

--- 帖子 #149 ---
i ve an idea for a better view and for the new users of our method

its a way to identify easily the last closed bar from the active opened one

buy overlaying the stocastic indicator and the no last bar indicator in on window but with different colors like this ex

--- 帖子 #150 ---
In my demo account

Long Entry

- 15M up after 5M trigger

- all TF have a lot of space for up

- Just concern this time is strong down trend from yesterday

Maximum Drawdown -15pips

Possible Exit (+37Pips)

- I found strong down TL in 15M from yesterday

- but I consider this as `Escalator to Pips` opportunity

- Moved SL to 10pips and I decided to let price go where It can

(but If I have big live account I would exit here)

Stopped Out Exit (+39pips)

- I moved SL to strong support line before I leave the computer to do something else and price hit SL

-  still there is no valid short signal and on the way of Escalator to pips

- But I can find downward convergence in 5M Stochastic

- 39pips is more than good for a day

Asian session today gives a lot of opportunity for PMTFS

I checked it If I took all of them it is more than 100+ pips for conervative and safe Exit.

But should be staying not greedy !

--- 帖子 #151 ---
If I witnessed 3 losses in a row today on EUR/USD does that mean I'm doing something wrong?

--- 帖子 #152 ---
defintitely

--- 帖子 #153 ---
I typically set my stop at 50.   It is only there for an emergency.  With this method you can certainly tighten your stops quite a bit and move them with the flow.   I certainly would not go less than 20 and you may find that you need to adjust that...depending on what your stochastics are doing.

I move my stop to breakeven, spread loss or +1 or 2 pips when I see things going against me.  A good example is the trade where M5 and M15 turned against the long trade a few posts earlier.  You don't want to immediately exit these trades (you can), you want to give yourself room to ride them....nothing wrong with walking away with even 5 PIPS on a trade that turns against you.

If you hunt for 20-30 PIPS a trade or even 10-15 PIPS a trade your hit on stops will shrink significantly.

--- 帖子 #154 ---
Here's an example of a long trade and your exit choices. I'm out on the first trigger with 59 PIPS (63 PIPS). But you could have exited on any of the short triggers or ran it right to the end. Notice what M15 is doing and how it supports our trade until the end.

--- 帖子 #155 ---
Ok good to know!

I will post a chart here of one of them they all looked the same as this so I won't post all 3...

Reason I thought it was valid...

1- 5 min trigger above 90.

2- 5 min price went under trigger "start price" (red line)

3- 15 min stoch turned down on 15 min close

--- 帖子 #156 ---
This set-up is what I wanted to ask to Spud as well

I also thought this is valid signal to take ( maybe not?)

But I didn`t take bacause 30M 1H 4H was all up and looked strong.

This can be risky trade.

I just simulated entry and exit by looking and following during this set-up`s going

In my simulated trade

Maximum profit was 5pips

and -50pips Stopped out

From viewpoint of `Escalator to Pips` which I took before this set-up, this was big drawdown on the way to over 100pips trade.

Just My opinion

--- 帖子 #157 ---
If you traded with just the M5 and M15 on the next short trade, you'd hit your stop and lose.

This is classic Escalator to PIPS long trade and knowing MTF Stochastics would keep you out of trouble here. In MTF Stochastics we'd be riding the M30 up and waiting for the H1 to climb as well. This is where the M30,H1 and H4 can save you from a bad trade entry.

If you didn't know of MTF, than even with M5 and M15 alone you'd see lots of clues to get out of this trade.

Someone asked about divergence. Early on I spoke about divergence. Here we have M5 price rising and M15 falling...and we know that M15 is going to follow M5 price. That's our first clue for trouble. The next is when M15 rises and we can see an invalid short trigger..this is our MUST EXIT point.

By this time you would not be entering any short trades looking at M30,H1 and H4. Here MTF rules kick in.

Always remember that we want M5 PRICE to BUILD our trade and M15 stochastic to follow. This is extremely important in detecting these kind of moves. M5 Price is going up and M15 stochastic is going down...that's bad in a short trade. Vice versa if you are long.

If your an MTF STochastics Trader, you know this classic setup for Escalator to PIPS long and you simply follow the MTF Stochastic rules here. What we don't want is MTF STochastics and Predictive MTFS contradicting each other like they would here.

--- 帖子 #158 ---
Below is same chart showing the Escalator to Pips. The stochastics now only have 2 moves...to drop down on M5, M15, M30 and H1 to bring H4 back up...or to stay in the overbought region.

What we are looking for in the short arena is the M30 to start to fall below 80 with M5 and M15 leading the way. There may need to be a few cycles of M5/M15 up and down before we get things lined up right to know we are headed down.

If things stay overbought, M5 and M15 will cycle up and down or hover in the higher stochastics while M30 and H1 will likely stay above 80 until H4 climbs up. When they are all up we watch for the drops to start to happen.

--- 帖子 #159 ---
Good question....I have been curious about the same issue.

--- 帖子 #160 ---
After I looked at some recent entries on the past few pages by Spudfyer it seems for the predictave method it doesn't have to rise above 20 below 80...

I think thats just for other methods such as escalator to pips.

I thought I almost had this stuff figured out until this recent post about the escalator filtering out false predictive MTF entries... I think I may have some reading to do

But would like to put it out there: IS there any black and white rules we could go by by knowing when NOT to trade the predictive entry>?

Or do we need to first understand other MTF methods before taking this on?

--- 帖子 #161 ---
i contacted some programmers asking for an indicator that calculates the difference between the last 2 closed stochastic bars

and cja  did it for me

here is this reply

Hi Sarah

I have just made this for you, i have coded in a manual magic number which needs to be different for each time you load the #2 Bar Counter onto the same chart to avoid code conflict.

I have made this indicator so that you can set the Stochastics to any setting required and to any combo of 3 Tmeframes.

The indicator can also be moved to anywhere on the chart using the SHIFT inputs including an indicator window if required.

All the colors are able to be altered thru the inputs including the Background and Border colors see some of the possible color/Stoch setup options in the screenshot below..

I have also added in something that you did not request and that is the difference between the Current Bar and the Previous Bar this should help give a more up to date view on the moves whereas the other data you requested is the Previous Bar Close and 2 Bars back Close, i think i have got this the way you wanted it??

If anything needs to be changed let me know.

for any changing spud pls guide me

thank you

--- 帖子 #162 ---
It does not matter if you look only at M5/M15.  If you are using MTF Stochastics to support your trades than it matters if M15 is >20 <80 in certain situations as per MTF Stochastics.

--- 帖子 #163 ---
MTF Stochastics will make you a better trader and make this system perform much better for you.

You do not need MTF Stochastics to trade this method.  You will though have more stops because of it and you will not enjoy all the gains long trends will offer.  Over the long run, it should not impact your bottom line if you keep in the forefront of your mind that M5 must build M15 by not using MTF Stochastics.

I'm going to spend some more time on explaining the mechanics rather than simple trade examples to hopefully make it a little more black and white.

--- 帖子 #164 ---
Looks interesting.  I'll have to play with it and see if it needs any tweaking

--- 帖子 #165 ---
Thanks Sarah & CJA for the indicator. Also a big thanks to Spud for sharing his Stochastic knowledge.

--- 帖子 #166 ---
Hi Sarah2002,

Is it possible to include the price_field selection in this great indicator. It is even nice if the font size can be adjustable.

Thanks in advance.

Rey.

--- 帖子 #167 ---
Spud,

I'm curious. Is this the 15m MTF strategy but this time using primarily the 5m stoch as an entry/trigger point? I know that we're watching how the 5m builds the 15m and the that the 30m, and so on and so forth. But it really looks to me like our tried and true MTF strategy but with a different twist on it. Either way, new or remodeled, it works

--- 帖子 #168 ---
here is a demo trade for this morning

i prefer exit with the first alarm cause 1h and 4h are going way down and 15m an30m may fail to push them up and in case the trend ll continue up i think we ll ve many waves up and down from 5m and 15m to turn 1h up

i did my home work for today waitting for the professor to correct me

--- 帖子 #169 ---
all time frames are going down now

than profit stop was hit

--- 帖子 #170 ---
I took same ride

It`s threatening my slided SL

--- 帖子 #171 ---
a question

--- 帖子 #172 ---
I've been watching the same move there Sarah and was wondering the same thing... Would be interested on Spuds take on entries today there seemed to be some good ones but also some tricky ones, which has lead me to wonder:

When is it safe to trade off just the 15 and 5 min stochs and when do we need to wait for confirmation of the 30m?

In that example Sarah posted above it seemed to be setting up nicely where the 5 lead the 15 and then the 15 lead the 30 and the 30 seemed to be leading the 1hr but after the 30m had "confirmed" a possible up (08:30-09:00 GMT candle close) move price immediately dropped instead of going long.

The 4hr was coming down under 80 maybe this was a warning sign not to be looking long but I'm not sure.

EDIT: Actually there was opportunity there to grap 10 pips or so and run which leads me to my next question...

How do we know when to hold a trade for longer and when not too. If we waited for the stochs to tell us to bail out in the trade above I think it would have hit our SL by the time the stochs indicated a change against us?

Same thing happened in a EUR JPY trade I was watching before... THe trade went up 60 or 70 pips but by the time the reversal signal happened price had already come down well below the break even point...

Sorry to ramble here I will cut this short

--- 帖子 #173 ---
In my case

I thought It was Must Exit

but, I moved SL to the resistance line instead of Exit

because another TFs seemed supporting Down Trend

I was stopped out with 38pips profit which was good enought for me,anyway

--- 帖子 #174 ---
I designed the chart below to help depict where our M5,M15,M30,H1 and H4 stochastics should be in relation to each other on triggers....you should then see the movement build in the direction of our trade.

Each chart is independent, but they can also appear left to right or right to left through a serries of shorts or longs as price moves through a long period of time.

If you look at the Short Entries together in a series, notice how it looks like bubbles rising...first the M15, then the M30, then the H1 and then the H4. This is a continuous series of short trades (there are long trades inbetween).

Do you see how backwards it looks in a series? It is as if the Short Entries are moving the Stochastics up and the long entries are moving the Stochastics down.

Look at it again. Remember the M5 is our trigger and it will move first. So on the first short entry the M5 and M15 must come down first to move the M5,M15 and M30 up. The reason we wait for M15 to be in the lower half on the first 2 short entries is that M5 will have to move down to pull the M15 up. It goes on this way as the M30 and H1 must move down in cycles to pull the H4 up.

In between our short entries are the long entries. And they work on the same principle as the short only in reverse.

Most of any trading day you can see a steady pattern of Short/Long/Short/Long etc. for this very reason.

When the stochastics line up as shown, these are your key entry points.

If we look at the first 3 Short Entries...notice the progression that each time we go short M15 has risen a little higher than before and that eventually we see a rise in M30. You'll see that progression right across to H4.

You can sum it up by just remembering that to move the stochastics in longer time frames up, our shorter time frames must come down first and then build them up.

--- 帖子 #175 ---
It is.  However it gives us a more structured entry and exit.  At best you use it to catch the trend reversals and then incorporate MTF strategies to stay in the trend.  You can identify when a good/bad entry is  and overall it increases the efficiency of the trade.  Those with MTF Stochastics and Escalator To PIPS knowledge should find this method very profitable.  I think without MTF STochastic skills this is still profitable but you will take a few lumps along the way...though I thik you can combine this with any system you like and still use the entry and exit points to your advantage.

--- 帖子 #176 ---
going for 10 pips or for 100 is the core of our losses when we trade.

we need spud  to talk about his experience when he decide to go for 10 or to go for 100

--- 帖子 #177 ---
UP

--- 帖子 #178 ---
YES!  Exactly.  Walking away with 38 PIPS in your pocket is a great trade.

We don't eat a 72 ounce steak in one mouthful, you have to cut it up in small pieces and chew on it.  Same with trading.  Grab 4 small 5 PIP trades a day and you got 20 PIPS a day.  I preach 20 PIPS everyday because you can easily make it and when you do it everyday you write your own cheque.

If you want to chase a long trend, then do so when everything is moving in your direction and things move as you expect them to move...when they don't you are out.  If you are fighting a trade and "hoping" it moves your way...you are in the wrong trade.

You will lose trades.  The more PIPS you chase the more you will lose.  You have to find the balance of learning to walk away and take the PIPS you have versus the risk of trying to make 5 more PIPS, 10 more PIPS.  You don't have to do it all in one trade.  We have 20-30 trades available every day to choose from...get picky.

I chase trends when I see Escalator to PIPS set up....it is very easy to follow and you know when the escalator hits a bump and it is time to bail.

Otherwise I just look at where the stochastics are, select a target of say 15 PIPS and if it pops up to say 10 PIps and shrinks to 5 PIPS and things look uncertain, I am out.

If I get in a trade that goes against me right away, I look at it as to why is it a good opposite trade.  Sometimes I just get out..lose 5-10 PIPS and start again.  Other times, I know that I'm just way too early and have to ride it back to close to break-even and get out or re-asses.  Sometimes I just hit my stop and move on.

--- 帖子 #179 ---
I can't answer that in 1 post.  However, I will keep trying to show you.

--- 帖子 #180 ---
Looking at Sarah's trade posted, the chart below is our indication of why things will go up at the trigger.

I've marked the stochastics as balls on the M5 Stochastic so you can see things a bit clearer. The H4 is on the left (brown) and the M5 is on the right (red). We know that H4 and H1 are moving down and for them to continue moving down M30, M15 and M5 must move up.

--- 帖子 #181 ---
Here we have confirmatin of our long trigger but now have a short trigger. However, here we can already see our short trigger will be invalid as our M15 and M30 still need to move up.

We can expect M5 will dip, maybe even drop all the way down...but never-the-less M15 and M30 have to go up...it is the only way H1 and H4 can come down anymore. Our expectation here is H4 will move down since it must follow what H1 built earlier.

--- 帖子 #182 ---
luv those dots - now trading with stoch is like watching the bouncing ball.

seriously, that does help in pinpointing how the TFs correspond with regard to entry points.

--- 帖子 #183 ---
This whole thing makes me think of a clock - small hands turning the bigger hands

or cogs - where the little cogs are spinning the larger cogs but in order for the large cogs to make one revolution the smaller cogs need to make many more revolutions~

--- 帖子 #184 ---
WOW....very well put. You and Spud need to write a book. You have the cogs turning and he has the bubbles rising.

--- 帖子 #185 ---
exellent presentation spud

i see that i ve to be tuned with the moves of tf inorder to understand what they are doing

practice

practice

practice

is the key to build the third eye  to figure out the whole picture of the waves

thanks spud  you are the best

--- 帖子 #186 ---
I'd like to think of it as me having some balls    Bubbles...makes me think of Lawrence Welk or something

--- 帖子 #187 ---
I see your point, Spud. From now on we will refer to them as balls!

--- 帖子 #188 ---
i ve a question about the strenght or the momentum of the stochastic do you ve any ideas   that we can use to build an indicator for the euro-usd to measure the difference betwen the move of stochastic on a specific tf and the number of pips in the move done by price

sometime i see the price moving sideway and the stochastic making big steps

i think if we ve an indicator that measures the momentum of stochastic/price

this ll help a lot to stay in a trade or to close it

maybe CJA can build us something like that but we must tell him exactly what we need

--- 帖子 #189 ---
For the record, that set of gears is impossible to turn.

--- 帖子 #190 ---
Spud,

I grabbed +11 pips on this trade but I'm out when the 5m stoch crossed under 10. What I'm trying to understand is why is price moving back up right now. I'm seeing the 15m and the 30m coming down. Would you have stayed in the trade at this point? right now in demo mode I'm at -13.  Are you thinking that the 5m is going to go back up and then down again to keep pulling the 15m and 30m stochs down?  This is an "invalid" long trigger right now because the 15m and the 30m are moving down and is inconsistent with our MTF rules.

--- 帖子 #191 ---
I'm not sure what the stochs are showing me right here. I was down -41 and now -16.

--- 帖子 #192 ---
Doesn't look like you're zoomed in all the way as spud suggests.

--- 帖子 #193 ---
Hmm..looks like I found some very interesting information in a previous post from Spud..that answers some of my questions.

"The question here, is this a worthwhile entry with M5 so low? Remember M5 is a trigger, not what we follow. We only concern ourselves with M5 if it hits a trigger point. What it does in between the triggers is meaningless....as long as it is building our M15 and M30 in the right direction. If a change is going to happen (in a big way), our M5 will hit a trigger point."

--- 帖子 #194 ---
No I am not but I'm about to fix that

--- 帖子 #195 ---
I have a quick little question about the settings for the stochs.

I have been following your teachings for a long time now, and would like to understand the reasoning and/or effects of the settings changes. For example, at the beginning i believe you were using 5,3,3 then switched over to 14,3,3 and now im seeing 14,1,1 for the 5m. In some threads you were using several combinations of stoch settings. Can you teach us a little about what the change mean and how the stoch reacts differently?

Much appreciated!

--- 帖子 #196 ---
I had the day off today from my day job and I traded very carefully and took my time and waited for nice setups. I three trades today and picked up 50 pips in my live account. None of these trades were ever more than the spread + 3 pips in the negative.

Thanks again for your time and effort.

W.

--- 帖子 #197 ---
Your M5 is on 14,1,3...should be 14,1,1.

See the stochastic position (balls). M5 is going to go up. (see my chart a few posts before).

You have to, MUST, zoom in on the charts so your M15 shows 15 min intervals..M30..30 mins, etc.

--- 帖子 #198 ---
I grabbed 60+ pips today on this but I'm not understanding the balls

--- 帖子 #199 ---
Does this mean that the 5m is building an uptrend? I see the 15m moving up but the 5m moving down. For the 15m to keep moving up, the 5m has to come down, correct? The 30m is flat which means it'll be turning up soon.

--- 帖子 #200 ---
I'll go more into the balls.

--- 帖子 #201 ---
Thanks. Normally, visual things help me grasp concepts better but I've been looking at that chart with the balls for some hours and I still can't grasp it. I am in Dallas and on CST. I'm not sure where you are but is there any chance that you can call a few more live trades, at least two? If so, can you let us know what day it will be so that we can know and be ready?

--- 帖子 #202 ---
Alright. Here is a potential trade setup. I see that price didn't move up with that previous long trigger but another long setup is in the making. Spud, do you pay much attention to pivot points? See the pivot point up there? that could mess up a really good trade.

--- 帖子 #203 ---
The first number is the measure of %K over xx time periods....in this case we are measuring over 14 time periods. A 5,3,3 or 5,x,x measures over 5 time periods. Therefore, 14,x,x on the 5 minute covers 14x5 minutes and 14,x,x on the 30 minute covers 14 x 30 minutes. There are lots of adjustments that can be made...for instance we could sync the time frames so that they measure the same time frame, etc.

The second number is %D which is a moving average. It really doesn't matter what we put in %D, but usually I will say 14,3,3 or 14,1,3 just because it is easier to remember. I find %D very meaningless and simply confuses the issues when using stochastics over MTF.

The last number is called "slowing". It simply smoothes out the line. A 1 is considered a fast stochastic so it is more responsive and will appear with sharper spikes. We use 1 in the M5 to help us see the trigger easier...we get a nicer spike. A value of 3 is considered a "slow" stochastic and will be smoother. The smoothness is actually an average of the last "1" or "3" calculations.

Why I choose 14,1,1 here and 14,3,3 here is more from experience and what I'm trying to "see" in the movement. It paints your charts if you like with a smoother motion than say a 5,3,3. We don't need the jitter here as the trigger signals us and the MTF positions guide us.

Stochastics are a range measurement and %K is your position within the range. So an 80% stochastic puts you high in the range between the high and the low of the last 14 time frames (in 14,x,x).

From here it gets a bit more complicated. Because multiple stochastics over different time frames gives you price motion and direction. That as you can see by my threads is a huge topic.

--- 帖子 #204 ---
I think it is important I explain the balls more.  Or at least the position of the stochastics relative to our trades.

I'm going to say no to the live trades at this time, because the last time I did that, that was all I did and people stopped trying to learn and simply wanted to follow.

Maybe later I'll do one or 2 to close some concepts, but for now I think I need to explain the concepts a bit more so that everyone can see what I see.

--- 帖子 #205 ---
I completely concur. Thanks for your contribution. I think it's much more vital to teach us to fish

--- 帖子 #206 ---
I believe the balls will help you understand things a bit better. If I confuse anyone please let me know but I'll take us back to the basics and go over it in as great deal as possible.

The balls simply represent the position of the different stochastics relative to each other. I simply copy the balls to the M5 chart for clarity. They are not positioned in time, just where their %K is. So the H4 is on the left (brown), H1 is to the right of H4 (yellow), M30 purple, M15 blue and M5 our trigger red.

If you look at the individual stochastics I have put balls where they are..these are the balls I copied over to M5.

The arrows above the balls or below is their expected movement. I say expected because it is not 100%...it is typical and will happen most of the time. This is how I trade, I trade to what I expect the market will move by what the stochastics tell me.

So M5 is at our trigger point. Note that I can expect the red ball (the M5 stochastic to move down. It will move down because I expect the H4 and H1 to move down. I expect H4 to move down becuase H1 has been moving down and is going to.....????....going to BUILD our H4 stochastic down.

So why do I expect the red ball to fall. Because M15 and M30 (blue and purple balls) can't build H1 downwards where they are. The M15 and M30 balls have to go up first. They may only go up 20%..they may go up 80%..we don't know. What we do know is that for M15 and M30 to rise, M5 has to fall down to get a long trigger (best) or at least go down far enough to raise M15 and M30.

Now this may not happen all in 1 cycle. M5 may bounce down and up and you will see M15 and M30 rise slowly.

Now what is tricky here is that H1 has to rise for H4 to fall. So we have to be very aware a rise in price that will bring M15, M30 and H1 up. We will see it coming if we pay attention to our trigger, M15 and M30.

Right now in this ball position signals an extremely high probability for downward movement.

--- 帖子 #207 ---
Yes but for demonstration purposes you know what I mean...

Smart arse!

--- 帖子 #208 ---
Here we can see exactly what we expected to happen. It was nice the M5 dropped all the way to the bottom. Do you see what happened to M15...it went up..ever so little but it did go up. I exaggerated it a bit with the ball so you can see it.

The stochastics are lined up where we now expect M5 to climb and bring M15 and maybe even M30 up before it falls again to again push H1 and H4 down.

There are 2 obvious problems here. They are the M15 and H4 in divergence. Notice how the M15 went up while price went down...only in the last candle did it turn down. H4 is still in divergence and this is not favourable to a long.

This is where you just exit and let things settle. This is why without MTF Stochastics you would wait to validate the M5 long trigger with an M15 rise. With MTF Stochastics there is a long setup, but with 2 time frames wanting to drop. It's messy and not clear.

Remember price builds the stochastic and that is why we expect M15 to go down more.

--- 帖子 #209 ---
Spud I am not near my computer right now but I cant wait to get home and study what you have written.

--- 帖子 #210 ---
This is where we hit our first upwards M15 movement but as you can see our M5 long trigger is invalid. Which would mean we are in a short position.

You can see that again the M15 is in divergence with stochastic up and price down. So we know M15 is headed down. H4 is headed down without a doubt. M5 really doesn't matter...it may go up or down...I pegged it down. Since M15 is headed south I expect H1 to keep going and get below 20%.

Would I go short here in a trade? Probably not. I certainly would not go long. This isn't so much a bad short entry as it is not an ideal short entry. This is where you need to be picky about your trades and just watch.

If you were in a short trade, this is where you could decide to ride it down a little more.

Notice that from our previous chart we could have gone long or short and made PIPS. If we went short we would have done pretty good. Long, we'd likely lose a little but we'd probably have exited long before the big drop.

--- 帖子 #211 ---
So Spud in post #206 you didn't need to wait for the 15m stoch to turn down to go short?

If you did that it would have been too late

Looks like there could be a long shortly on the EUR. Waiting fo 15m and price to turn up. THen hopefully the 30m and 60m will follow?

They are all low and need to go up in order to meet the 4hr?

This looks a lot like the MTF Stoch rules I was just reading where the 4hr is high above 80 and the rest are under 20.

--- 帖子 #212 ---
If you know your MTF you don't have to wait for the confirmation, trade at the trigger.  If you want to trade just M5 and M15 you need to wait.  If you want to be really safe...use both.  Sometimes you have to use both.

Yes, you will miss some trades this way.

Yes, MTF Stochastics should be a big part of this if you want to increase your trading success.  The triggers are the signals, M15 confirmation is safety.

Hopefully, I can get you thinking MTF

--- 帖子 #213 ---
Ok I think this sums is up

--- 帖子 #214 ---
For sure I really respect what you are doing here and the way you interpret the stochs over different TF's I want to learn as much as I can.

One thing though in the Escalator to pips Manual I was just reading you seem to use 5,3,3 as the setting - does it work the same way with the 14,3,3 settings?

--- 帖子 #215 ---
Yes.  The difference is here we have the trigger using M5.  Using the longer stochastics helps us stay in the trend a bit better.

--- 帖子 #216 ---
MTF Clock..

--- 帖子 #217 ---
Hi Spud!

Thank you for all your contribution in this thread

I`m doing some backtest to study PMTFS and recognised I need mechanical exit point for doing this effectively.

I used 3 kind of Exit condition that you wrote in this thread so far.

Please, correct me if there are wrong exit condition or more exit condition I should consider.

Exit Condition

Take Profit Exit

-Whenever I meet Opposite Trigger(2nd trigger seems best so far)

Must Exit

- When I meet Opposite Sinal - Must Exit

(If there is no Price down/up following trigger, it`s invald, right?)

- When I meet Same trigger as my trade, which is invalid signal-Must Exit

--- 帖子 #218 ---
Hey Spud do you trade on NFP days?

--- 帖子 #219 ---
Correct in some ways.  These are defined exit points.  However, one has to consider PIP profit as an exit too.  As well you have to look at what the MTF stochastics are doing....the easy one is if say the M15 satys pointed down in a short trade...do I ride that until it turns up?

I suggested the defined exit points as an alternative to make the trading black and white.  To be more efficient in our trades and when back-testing you should explore the "fuzzier" exits.

--- 帖子 #220 ---
For clarity you mean Non-Farm Payroll days?

I trade regardless of news....because the stochastics move the same.  Will you find a good trade on an NFP day?  That depends on the day.

--- 帖子 #221 ---
Yes I meant Non Farm Payroll thanks.

--- 帖子 #222 ---
As I was rushing trying to keep up to the trade yesterday showing the stochastic positions...I probably skipped some things. So, I'm going to go back a little.

Now, some are asking is this MTF STochastics and others are wondering why you need MTF Stochastics. Remember I called this thread "Predictive MTF Stochastics".

You can trade with just the M5 and M15...it is kind of like being deaf, looking through binoculars standing on railway tracks. You can see well in a narrow view but if you aren't looking down the tracks in the right direction that train is going to ruin your day.

Using MTF stochastics gives us a birds eye view of our surroundings.

If you like I have taken much of MTF Stochastics and added defined entry and exit points based on the M5 trigger. For the next while I'll show you how these work in tandem and I'll keep explaing the MTF stochastics in case you are not familiar with MTF Stochastics or Elevator to PIPS ...or how this all fits together.

In the chart below the arrows on the M5 chart are the trigger points. Notice by the arrows on the M15 and arrows on the M5 that we have no valid triggers. Also notice price is down on M5.

The MTF stochastics show us that everything is oversold but the H1 and H4.

Question is: "Does an invalid long = a valid short"?

By looking at our balls, we would expect M5 to rise and it does. We also expect H1 to fall and H4 to fall. In MTF Stochastics we would take H1 down until it cosses the 20% line.

By combining the triggers and MTF we simply stay out of this trade. This is by no means an ideal long trade to enter. It is a better short entry, but M5/M15 and even M30 could rise against us before they fall again. These small deviations are what stop loss you.

The invalid longs will tell you to keep your short trade and the MTF stochastics are telling you a long is close at hand. They condradict each other so sit out and let the market converge.

If you are a gambler...the only trade is short until the H1 crosses 20%.

--- 帖子 #223 ---
The logic behind Predictive Mutli-Time Frame Stochastics is to get in early on a trend. Ride the stochastics through the trade and exit when the trend turns against us...or when we'v emade our PIPS for the day.

This chart is almost the beginnings of a perfect Escalator Ride up. The only hinderence is our H4 which is expected to go down. However, we know that for H4 to go down, everything will have to go up first..and if H4 decides to turn and go up...we are with it.

So typical M5/M15 long entry set up where M5 long trigger has gone off, we have price up and M15 stochastic moves up.

The stochastic show us what we expect that M5-H1 will want to move up.

Notice that by waiting for the M5/M15 confirmation we are in a much better and safer place to make a long entry. Here is a perfect entry to target 10-20 PIPS long. The other alternative is to ride the M5 to the short trigger.

As the trade unfolds (no chart): Follow this to the first short trigger you will make about 6 PIPS, if you set your target to 10 or 20 PIPS you will hit either with a 10-15 PIP draw down.  Watch the stochastics and valid triggers to stay out of trouble.

--- 帖子 #224 ---
5m/15m stochs moving up but price is not following. I see the 30m/1h are low. I'll wait on another valid long trigger before entering.

--- 帖子 #225 ---
Spud,

I just grabbed a little over +20 pips off this one. For some reason it's really hard for me to adjust to this style instead of the traditional MTF strategy that you started, which is the one that i've been following and VERY successfully I might add. I like this new PMTF though because it gets you in on the move earlier. I'll keep working at it.

--- 帖子 #226 ---
Looking at the chart I see that the 4hr is falling so the smaller tf's have been building shorts. The 5m is coming back up to pull the much oversold 15m up. So as Spud says, for the 4hr to fall, the lower tfs have to come back up again. I'm watching the triggers on the 5m but don't see any movement for the upside in the 15m. But I won't take any shorts because our "predictive" ability tells us that a move to the upside is imminent. Correct?

--- 帖子 #227 ---
I think it would be interesting to know also a (real price pips move) / (stoch value change)

--- 帖子 #228 ---
it would be nice to set a TP and SP for each case...

--- 帖子 #229 ---
ok thank you very much for the clarification. from what i understand, it really makes no difference what we put in the second number, since we dont display the D line anyways?

--- 帖子 #230 ---
Thank you for good advice Spud.

With some backtest, I can see many kind of set-up and exit strategy.

It helps me a lot to judge the situation.

I will keep your advice in mind and keep backtesting till I can get better awareness for PMTFS

Playing with Stos are like a surfing on the many different kind of waves

--- 帖子 #231 ---
I missed the first long trigger and entry combo. Now I'm waiting on everything to re-position themselves.

--- 帖子 #232 ---
Sorry to back track here Spud but after reading through the thread again I'm a little confused about a couple of posts you made... The first one Post #181

But on the next page post #206 you use the exact same example and chart pic but say..

THe trade went short some 50+ pips so im thinking it was a valid short?

I understand the logic in the short trade but am confused as to why in post #186 you called this an invalid short signal

Cheers

--- 帖子 #233 ---
My guess is that there was a time difference of more than 17 hrs between the screen shots. So the 5M stoch could had moved a few cycles up and down to the final line up in screen shot of post #206.

--- 帖子 #234 ---
You're absolutly right I don't know how I missed that however my confusion remains because the stochs are in almost identical positions in both examples.

hmm

--- 帖子 #235 ---
OK now I am seeing perhaps in the short trade the 4hr had dropped below 80 and thus the 1hr was building it downwards - sm had to go down to pick up the 15 and 30 etc

Whereas in the invalid entry the 4hr was sitting above 80 with no indication of following the 1hr yet?

--- 帖子 #236 ---
pls spud i wish if you can give us  at the  end of the day daily analysis for the right and wrong signals we need to exercise our minds how to look at the chart and how to predict and i think that ll not happen without lots of cases and experiences during ranging market and trending market

thank you for all what you are doing in that thread i refresh it all the time waitng for your guides and explanations

--- 帖子 #237 ---
Well, looks like we have a couple of big news items today so maybe we'll see some good volatility.  Good trading guys!

--- 帖子 #238 ---
Hello Spud,

This little tool might help visualize your balls in motion.

--- 帖子 #239 ---
The chart below is an illustration of the mechanics behind mutli-time frame stochastics in a single chart.

This is the M5 chart with the M15 and M30 stochastics overlayed.

You will notice that price movements and trend changes (large and small) occur pretty much to where the stochastics cross each other. Seeing the crossovers like this is fairly easy...in real life it is a but more difficult because we would have to wait for our longer time frames to show us where the stochastic lines will go. In otherwords the crossovers suffer from lag.

We can overcome this lag by understanding the movement of the stochastics. From Escalator to PIPS, to elasticity, to the M5 trigger, etc....all of these systems are generated from the relationships shown on this chart.

For example, we can see how the M5 trigger develops in detecting the downward trend. Waiting for the M15 down movement helps confirm our downward move because it will likely lead to the M5 stochastic crossing both the M15 and M30 stochastic lines. Like wise we can expect M15 to cross the M30 stochastic line. Price direction is important to know because we know that the M30 stochastic must rise first before the H1 (not shown) will fall further. This is where the "predictive" nature of PMTFS comes from.

The stochastic balls link our stochastic lines. If you look past our M5 trigger on this chart you can see how the M30 balls rise above the M15 balls and then the M15 and M30 balls fall but in a parallel manner.

This forms the Escalator to PIPS where we follow the M15 and then the M30 down. Notice here how the M5 is below the M15. If we kept going we can see the M5 long trigger develop and as M5 rises then it crosses the M15 ....this chart runs out of space but a turn up by M15 confirms the long.

The advantage of using the M5 trigger is it gives us some range and definition. This is why combining it with MTF Stochastics is beneficial. We can go much much further than using the M5 trigger I explained in this thread to predict price movement. For example we could trigger trades by forecasting the crossover of the stochastics. We can also trade by knowing where the stochastics are in realtionshp to each other.

A few words of caution. This chart is hand plotted, and a MTF Stochastic indicator will not produce the same chart in real time bbecause of the time lags.

The good news is, we don't need a chart like this to trade. It is, I think, helpful to see trades in this format ...especially the trickier ones...and I will endeavor to produce a few of these for you. This kind of chart I believe gives you a full picture of what is happening.

What we can do is pluck the signals out of the data to make fairly good predictions of crossovers and other trade elements that make us have good, safe trades.

--- 帖子 #240 ---
Spud,

If we can get a handle on the predictive nature of the stochs and the cycles, I think this would help us with the ups and downs and help us not to get so trigger happy to hit the panic button when the trade starts going against us. I experienced something of an epiphany on Friday trading. My stochs said to stay with the trade and I did. At one point, I was down -34 but always came back to the black time and again. But here's where I need help understanding. When do you consider the trade to be going against you? I mean we all use stops, some 50 and some 30. But at what point do you concede that it's a losing trade?  The 15m may go against you for one bar and then turn right back around and go your initial direction. Some of us may have closed out at that point. What are your thoughts?

--- 帖子 #241 ---
Nice post Spud thanks

--- 帖子 #242 ---
This is a great analysis of the situation. The chart below is the same period as POST 226 by jdcompute.

Let's talk about the M5 trigger entry first. On the far right of the chart is the best entry point because we get a valid entry and we start an Escalator to PIPs with the M15 crossing abover the 20%K. The "prediction" would be that price starts to build with the M15 rising and the M30 rising to cross the 20% and keep on going. What actually happens I'll deal with on another post but this is the setup we want to look for to make safest trades.

The M5 trigger is designed to try and keep us out of trouble, notice the invalid triggers near the centre that keep us out o the flat market. We do get a small valid long but but by waiting for an Escalator to Pips to form from this, it is much wiser.

Now, when using the M5 trigger we can use the position of the stochastics and their movement relative to each other to get a better M5 entry. I've already suggested the Escalator to PIPS as one method. However, the crossovers of the different time frames can be used as well. You can see when we get a valid long from the M5 long trigger near the centre of the chart that we also get a crossover of the M15 rising above he M30. We've also had the M5 cross over and above the M15 and M30 a little earlier.

This would certainly be supportive of our long entry and in this chart we never see the M15 drop below the M30 (remember just use candle closes).

The result here is that our entry would be a little early and we drift in flat range for a while but eventually we get a better signal when the M15 starts to rise above the 20% K line.

On the far left of the chart are a few crossover signals. You can trade these with some practice. Notice where the chart begins we have a short crossover, then a long then a short. You have to grab pips on these and not chase long trends unless there is something else to support the trend. See where the M5 peaks at about 80%. This is not a normal M5 short trigger but it could be used as one. Here we are back to our Escalator to PIPS but with a twist...the M5 starts at about 80% and it comes down and crosses (drops below) the M15, this can be a short entry and we just ride the M5 or M15 down to an exit point....the M5 long trigger would be a good exit. Here we want to grab pips...not a perfect set up but certainly one to watch for. Don't forget to validate with M5 price too.

--- 帖子 #243 ---
Continuing on from my last chart, we are either already in the trade or patiently waiting for a good trade to set up.

We have already had 2 valid long triggers. The long trigger on this chart is a little bit of a cheat at 10.6667 %K for the M5. However, I call it a trigger because we can see that M5 rose above and crossed both M15 and M30 to signal an entry. M5 price is up. We also had the expectation in the chart before that we were starting an Escalator to Pips ride up...a littlle early for that prediction but we are watching for it. If we enter long now we do so becuase we have had 2 valid long triggers, we have a another "cheated" valid long trigger and a double crossover of M15 and M30 by M5 up.

A stop signal in this trade is now a M5 short trigger, a downward cross of M5 going below either M15 or M30, our stop limit of 50 pips. Everything else, we hold our breath and take the ride.

Our profit exits are set at 20 pips, or the first M5 short trigger. I choose 20 pips here because of the "possibility" of an Escalator To PIPS forming. A conservative (smart and safe) approach would be to grab 5-10 PIPS here...meaning if we see 7 or 8 we grab them.

The conservative exit is reached quite quickly and we can easily nab 8 PIPS in this trade. This is the smart way to trade.

If we stay in we are now committed to our system stop signals. We hit a low period that has you wondering if it isn't time to exit. But when M5 crosses below 20% it is still above M15 and M30 and this is at worst still a long indication. When we hit another long trigger in the middle of the chart, it is appearing invalid and normally we would think of exiting. However, here we need to ride the M5 a little 1 or 2 candles and see if it bounces up like it does here in our chart.

Now we start a short ride up. M15 crosses the 20% mark but M30 is still below 10%. That leaves us quite aways away from a Escalator To Pips move unless M30 quickly decides to go up. Unfortunately we hit our M5 short trigger before that happens and we exit. We would have pocketed somewhere after our spread 2-10 pips.

Nothing to write home about but it shows how following our system on entry and sticking to it did pay off, even in a small way. This is the difference between exiting at a loss on emotion and sticking to the system and rules we set up when we entered the trade.

Some things to notice here is the "elasticity" developed between M5 and M15 and M15 and M30. This is a sign of exhaustion. The alternative is for M5 to stay in the overbought area and everything to climb to it. However, with M30 in the oversold and H1 as well.....this is unlikely.

A few tricks to note here:

M15 and M30 will normally move about 0-20% between candles.

If M5 and M15 are moving in an opposite direction to M30..in this case M5 and M15 move up and M30 down we expect M30 to move up but we also expect M5 and M15 to move down first so they can bring M30 up. With H1 down this "tension" is even greater. As such we can expect M5 and M15 to "snap" back like a rubber band and fall towards M30. They may not reach M30 just move towards it. we have to use our tools again to gauge the short side.

--- 帖子 #244 ---
Spud,

Please correct me if I'm wrong at any point along my analysis and walk thru of this trade setup. The 4hr (not shown) is down. The 5m/15m stochs are way up and pulling up the 30m/1h. I'll pass on any longs right now because I don't like entering a trade when the 15m stoch is so far up. I have a short entry with the 5m being >90 but it's currently invalid because price is moving up and 15m/30m/1h are all moving up.  So I'd expect some downward movement on the 5m/15m and a turn back up to continue bringing up the 1h and the 4h. Is that a correct assessment? We know that the 30m has to climb to bring up the 1hr. Do you think it will make it over 80?

**EDIT: The 30m stoch just crossed 80. Now I wait to see what the 1hr will do in relation to the 5m/15m.

--- 帖子 #245 ---
Alright, the 1hr candle has just closed and the 1hr stoch updated. We're definitely better off waiting for a short setup now.

--- 帖子 #246 ---
Alright..I smell a short   The 5m is going to be first to start building the short according to our PMTF rules. I'm waiting on 5m price to build our 15m short.

--- 帖子 #247 ---
Yep it certainly doesn't look like its gonna go up from here JD but one thing...

We've had a GAP open and this could be giving us misleading information on our stochs... I'm not sure if it matters or not would be interested to here Spuds policy on this!

Do you know?

--- 帖子 #248 ---
The 15M and the 30M seem to be stuck to the ceiling right now. I am waiting on them to fall too.

--- 帖子 #249 ---
No Cindy, I don't but I'm pretty sure we have to see a down move at some point. I was tempted to go long an hour ago to grab a few pips but I changed my mind. Posting these charts keeps me from doing stupid things

--- 帖子 #250 ---
Yeah, like Spud says it's a little risky to enter now since they've gone up so much...not sure how much more upward momentum is there. The 5m stoch is all over the place right now. Even if we're going up more we'd probably have to come down and then back up to pull our 4hr up so at any rate, a short is in the queue.

--- 帖子 #251 ---
The price has broke yesterday's high, so this trade has entered the realm of Spud MTF Fibonacci Stoch? My guess is the price will go up higher or stay above 80 for a while in accordance with MTF Fib Stoch theory.

To short, is it better to wait for price to break below yesterday's high?

--- 帖子 #252 ---
I'm in and up +10 pips right now when I saw the bend on the 15m stoch.

--- 帖子 #253 ---
Good job, I hesitated and am watching it drop...oh well.

--- 帖子 #254 ---
Harry, if I remember correctly, that method was using only the 1hr charts. I suppose that even with the rise after breaking the highs, there is some downward movement before more upward as the lower tf's build the higher tf's. I think what we're concentrating on is catching those reversal points during all the climbing or descents as price rises or falls.  By the way, I'm out right now at +13. I'm waiting on a new 5m short trigger.

--- 帖子 #255 ---
Well done. The price at moment is supported by yesterday's high. I think you are right, this method is use for quick scalps as well with added opportunity for escalator ride.

--- 帖子 #256 ---
Well, we saw a 70+ pips down-move. It looks like it may be done for a bit. I'm still in right now but I'm not sure how long I'll hang on to it before I bail.

--- 帖子 #257 ---
Hey Spud, what do you think about fading the 5min moves if the 15 and 30 agree. For example. The 15 is below 20. 30 is moving down. The 5 spikes up, but you feel it is an invalid long. Would it be worth it to scalp for 5-10 pips on a short. Thanks for the help.

--- 帖子 #258 ---
Nice one JD I'm spewin I didn't get in on that - Just curious where did you enter at 1.2886 or 1.2880?

--- 帖子 #259 ---
1.2750 actually. Hey, no problem that you missed that one. Everything's heading down and will be turning back up sooner or later. 15m/30m are both down and the 1hr is heading down. Then we just watch the move back up.

--- 帖子 #260 ---
Alright, now the way I play this is that if I get another short trigger and the 15m/30m are still down, IF there is room for a little move down before the R1 line, I may jump in. The 1hr is still heading down but with price bouncing around I'm not sure. I may be better off just waiting for the short build.

--- 帖子 #261 ---
While I was writing my other post, the 30m candle closed. I'm in for a quick pip grab since the 5m/15m/30m support my move up although the 1hr is still falling.

Edit** I'm out for another +20 pips.

--- 帖子 #262 ---
I'm up about +35 long.  We'll see how far it runs.  Gotta love the London open.

J

--- 帖子 #263 ---
I agree

--- 帖子 #264 ---
Hey can anyone comment on this analysis I just saw it and came to this conclusion ... Don't know if I just got lucky or my thinking was correct. From entry to exit it went swimmingly -

Anyway this was my thinking...

10:05 GMT Close

5m Closed below 10% level
15m High above 90% level
30m High at 62% Pointing up
H1 High at 68% pointing up
H4 High and rising

PREDICTION: Elastic trade – 5m needs to go up to either pull the higher TF’s down lower or keep building them long. Either way will support a long

ENTRY: On the close of the 5m candle @1.2847 go long and ride the 5m stoch to the 90% level.

The trade went well...

RESULT: Closed at 1.2897 +48 pips (minus Spread)

Cheers

--- 帖子 #265 ---
Entry (in my thinking) same as the above example

5m Closed under 90% level
15m High above 80% level Pointing up
30m High Above 80% level Pointing up
H1 Above 80% and rising
H4 High and rising

PREDICTION: Elastic trade – 5m needs to go up to either pull the higher TF’s down lower or keep building them long.

ENTRY: On close of candle at 12:50 1.2893.  Go long and ride the 5m Stoch to the 90% level

Will wait and see how it pans out....

--- 帖子 #266 ---
After a shakey start it ended up ok.

RESULT: Closed at 1.2920 +24 pips (minus spread)

--- 帖子 #267 ---
Heres a short:

14:00 Close GMT (15m Chart)

5m Triggered and price had gone down since.
15m Has turned down lead by price.
30m is still up but overbought
H1 is overbought
H4 High

PREDICTION: 5m building the 15m short. Things are over bought. 5m is under 15m, 15m is under 30m, 30m is under H1.

ENTRY: At the 14:00 close (15m chart) 1.2879 Short ride the 15 down to the 20% level – If 30m breaks down ride the 30m down to 20% level.. If  H1 breaks down ride the H1 to the 20% level.  Exit if any long signals are generated.

Looking to ride the Escalator down now will targeting an exit when the 30m crosses the 20% level

See how this one goes...

EDIT:Closing trade because the 5m and 15m are over sold with the 30m and h1 under 80 but high.

RESULT:CLosed at 1.2812 +64pips (minus spread)

--- 帖子 #268 ---
Could have ridden the 30m and h1 down for another 50+ pips but I'm more than happy with 64 - In hindsight there was another elastic short there worth 70 pips at the 16:05 GMT close.

need sleeeeeep

--- 帖子 #269 ---
Nice results Cindy, that's a productive start of the week for you!  I like your charts and analysis.

J

--- 帖子 #270 ---
very nice cindy  great results

i still ve some doubt about my trades entries i wish it ll be fixed with practice

spud didnt show today  we  really miss his teaching and comments

--- 帖子 #271 ---
CindyXXXX - very nice trades this morning. I am currently on a long weekend get away in mountains with the wife but I brought my laptop to keep up with the adventures of Spud. I am sorry I missed those nice setups this morning.

Keep up the good work,

W.

--- 帖子 #272 ---
Nice charts and great analysis.

--- 帖子 #273 ---
In efforts to simplify entry I believe if a gifted indicator programmer could develop something similar as described below, it may significantly help your trades.

What is required is an alert when the current M5 stochastic closes above the last closed M15 stochastic or below the last closed M15 stochastic. The prerequisite is that for an M5 close above the M15, the M5 had to be lower than the M15 stochastic. Vice versa the other way.

When the M5 closes above we want to track it until price has gained 10 pips. (we'd like the 10 pips to be variable). This could be another alert or a fat coloured line on the M5 stochastic as I illustrated below. The opposite for a short when the M5 is below the M15.

Nice to have dots or x's paint on the M5 where the M15 stochastic closes are. This could be a line but that may be too confusing unless the line stops at the last close (i.e.we don't want a live M15 stochastic line bouncing up and down).

The overall idea is to be alerted when the M5 stochastic crosses from above to below the M15 stochastic line (short) or the M5 stochastic crosses from below to above the M15 stochastic line (long). We must only utilize the closed stochastic value and not the "live" open stochastic. We then want to stay in that trade for "x" number of pips. When the pip target is reached our exit alert sounds.

We also need a stop loss variable and alert.

--- 帖子 #274 ---
Thanks everyone for your feedback

Just thought I'd say I've read this thread from start to finish about 3 times now and I think I will do it again today - each time I seem to pick up something new that I either missed or just didn't understand before...

Spuds done a great job explaining this but I don't think it's the sort of thing you can grasp in just one flick through of the thread, so if anyones still confused you might wanna try reading through all spuds posts again before looking for the latest posts.

I'm still unsure about a few things myself that I hope to clear up on my next read through.

Just my 2 cents

--- 帖子 #275 ---
Well, I've been on planes all day and I missed some good moves. I picked up +23 pips this morning before I left for work by targeting a lower support line that I had a feeling it would hit. So I set my TP and SL and left for the airport. Now I'm here in Canada and I'm seeing a setup for a long coming soon. I'll be watching and waiting it out.

--- 帖子 #276 ---
you are right cindy i personaly started to read the thread again it takes lots of time and each time i understand something new especialy that english isnt my language so you can imagine the time i spend to focus  but the charts helps a lot to make

things clear

thanks spud

--- 帖子 #277 ---
Yes - I just made a PDF of all spuds posts and a few of the quesions posted by various members but it's too big to post it. If anyone wants it or knows how to make it smaller to post here send me a PM.

Grrrrr - the limit is 1.91MB and it's 2.03MB

I also found these two PDF's very helpful from Spudfyers earlier threads.

--- 帖子 #278 ---
I've been pulling some long trades off of the eurusd since my previous two posts and they've totaled +25 pips. Things are a little high for me to enter again now. The 4hr is still down and the 1hr is just updated and is not moving up too much. That tells me that price will likely snap back and the 5m/15m/30m/ will come back down to either bring the 1hr up higher or the 4hr lower. Will wait and see. Either way, I'm only looking to go short.

--- 帖子 #279 ---
Good call on a possible short coming up - I was looking at things and sctatching my head but the light bulb moment was when you mentioned that the H1 had updated and not gone up much. Waiting for the snap back - would like the 30 a bit higher though hmm

Cheers

--- 帖子 #280 ---
Yeah, I agree. I got impatient and jumped in. I locked +25 pips though.

--- 帖子 #281 ---
I went short at the bend of the 15m stoch. It's not the best entry but I was just being impatient.

--- 帖子 #282 ---
Profits profit nice one

--- 帖子 #283 ---
Hello All,

I just started reading this thread yesterday and I have 2 questions.  I read all of it but still can't figure out the following.

1. When we say the M5 Stoch. is 14,1,1 with Slowing 1.  Isn't the slowing the same as the red 1 we have at the end in 14,1,1 , or is it something else?  With other timeframes the Slowing is always 3, right 14,3,3

2. The K% is the red line in the standard Stoch. indicator in MT4, right?  So we have to remove the blue line, correct?

Thats all for now.  Thank you all for the effort you are putting in this.

--- 帖子 #284 ---
Cindy,

Just a suggestion. May be you can make the PDF into two volumes.

--- 帖子 #285 ---
Answer to question 1 - Yes

Answer to question 2 - Someone made a stochastic indicator which only shows the closed bars data which is handy because it can be confusing when on the standard stoch it waves up and down.

I've attached it at the bottom and the line to use for that one is the first one. In the indicator I think it has already set the line we don't need to black on the default settings.

As for the standard stoch I'm pretty sure the %K is the red line but I don't use it.

--- 帖子 #286 ---
That's a good Idea cheers...

Here is PDF versions of the thread so far divided into two parts...

--- 帖子 #287 ---
thank you cindy for the pdf

--- 帖子 #288 ---
No worries Sarah enjoy

--- 帖子 #289 ---
Thanks Cindy,

One more question if you don't mind.  The thread started with the M5, M15, M30, 1H, and 4H system.  Then we had the balls thing.  Then we had the escalator to pips system.  In addition, there is a PDF file somewhere here named 'spud_mtf_rules[1].pdf' which seems different as well..!

Are these different systems that apply to different pairs or are they the same systems with enhancements from one to the other?  I am a bit confused here.

I appreciate your reply.

Thanks,

--- 帖子 #290 ---
Yes it can seem a bit confusing at first -

Firstly the balls Spud just made as a visual for us to see the positions of the stochs more clearly thats not a new or different method - It was just for demonstration purposes.

Secondly the escalator to pips/ MTF rules is a different method but can be tied into this as well as it also uses MTF stochastics. All methods use the same settings on the stoch and all are applied to the 15m 30m 1hr and 4h charts - the predictive method which is what the main topic of this thread is about uses the 5m trigger.

The escalator to pips and MTF are just a couple of Spudfyers earlier threads

I guess knowing the escalator and MTF rules just allows you to ride trends for longer or stop you from entering a predictive trade if it is going against the grain of say an escalator to pips. (hope im making sense here.)

For example you might get into a trade using the Predictive method and it turns into an escalator to pips trade, being able to identify this is just an added bonus wher instead of grabbing 20 or 30 pips you might ride the escalator for maximum profits.

Anyway I think Spudfyer sums it up in this post:

"MTF Stochastics will make you a better trader and make this system perform much
better for you. You do not need MTF Stochastics to trade this method. You will though have more stops because of it and you will not enjoy all the gains long trends will offer. Over the long run, it should not impact your bottom line if you keep in the forefront of your mind that M5 must build M15 by not using MTF Stochastics. I'm going to spend some more time on explaining the mechanics rather..."

and also here....

Question: "Spud, I'm curious. Is this the 15m MTF strategy but this time using primarily the 5m stoch as an entry/trigger point? I know that we're watching how the 5m builds the 15m and the that the 30m, and so on and so forth. But it really looks to me like our tried and true MTF strategy but with a different twist on it. Either way, new or remodeled, it works"

Answer: It is. However it gives us a more structured entry and exit. At best you use it to catch the trend reversals and then incorporate MTF strategies to stay in the trend.You can identify when a good/bad entry is and overall it increases the efficiency of the trade. Those with MTF Stochastics and Escalator To PIPS knowledge should find this method very profitable. I think without MTF STochastic skills this is still profitable but you will take a few lumps along the way...though I thik you can combine this with any system you like and still use the entry and exit points to your advantage.

--- 帖子 #291 ---
There was an awesome move down this morning on eurusd. I hope everyone got a chance to get in on it. I'm out now since all the stochs are oversold and the 4hr is at the 20 line. I'll get back in if I can get a short trigger on the 5m and the others stay down. Other than that, I'll just wait for a long to setup.

--- 帖子 #292 ---
JD,

I missed it.  Seems to be my luck lately.  Maybe there will be some good activity in the Asian session.

You seem to be doing well and now that Spud is back, this thread seems to be doing well also.  I'll have to start visiting more frequently.

--- 帖子 #293 ---
This may help ease your entries...this would be much easier if we had an indicator for it <hint>

Our M5 short trigger rings the bell. We wait for the M5 %K to close and fall below (cross down) the last closed M15 %K. Note on this chart the entry point and the last closed M15 stochastic level is to the left of our M5 close (i.e. it is lagging behind). The M15 stochastic level on the right of our entry will not form for another 5 mins...but or nect M5 will close below it anyway.

Exit options (in order of less risk to most risk): 10 PIPS, when we get a reverse M5 trigger, when we get a long signal, ride the M15 to 20%

If you don't want to use MTF Stochastics, use just the M5 and M15 trigger and crossovers to get you through. This is simple MTF Stochastics without having to think about MTF Stochastics.

--- 帖子 #294 ---
Quick question, how did you overlay the 15min stoch over the 5min stoch

--- 帖子 #295 ---
Hand drawn

--- 帖子 #296 ---
As I take my second good escalator ride in two days (+79 pips yesterday, and plus 60 and still riding today) I feel compelled to say THANK YOU to the Spudmeister for taking the time to share his experience and wisdom on how to trade forex.  Us Spudophiles are truly fortunate that you're altruistic enough to give us all the time you do so that we can make money.  I've tried a few different systems and even mentorship, but Spud....You Da Man!!!!!  Seriously, thanks so much.  You've made trading forex profitably possible for me.  (and the new 5m system make entry painless and about as risk free as it gets!)

FW

--- 帖子 #297 ---
I totally agree Weasel! Spud has been a great inspiration and source of trading knowledge around here for years now and you're right, I think we all owe him a big thank you!   I'm loving this thread btw.

J

--- 帖子 #298 ---
I've never seen indicators used so effectively it really is magic what Spudfyer has shown us. I was recently told to believe indicators are the "devil" but I'm now a believer again.

Thanks Spud

--- 帖子 #299 ---
Spud,

A truly effectice system where I have the confidence to use it to fish for a living. I have thanked you once on the MTF thread while you are away and now I would like to thank you again while you are here - THANK YOU for your teaching and time.

Harry

--- 帖子 #300 ---
i think im an adicted to spud forums

thank you spud for your teaching you are really a great person

pls keep on shining on this thread i check every hour for your comments

thank you again

--- 帖子 #301 ---
Is anyone getting onto this? Would be a cool indicator

--- 帖子 #302 ---
There you are..I was wondering when you'd show up

--- 帖子 #303 ---
Spud, I echo that sentiment!

--- 帖子 #304 ---
i ve a request dear

can you update the pdf  file every week to keep it fresh with all spuds teaching

i wish i can do it myself but i ve no idea about pdf files making

thanks a lot

--- 帖子 #305 ---
Things seem to be setting up for a short. Even though the 4hr is down remember our predictive logistics..the smaller tf's will likely have to cycle down to pull the 4hr up with them..more than likely that is  15m/30m/H1 all high right now.

**EDIT: I'm in short at 1.2601. M5 price closed lower than the trigger earlier, 15m/30m pointing down, H1 still pointing up and H4 is low. So far +11

**EDIT#2:  I'm out at 9.6 only because I'm tired (been traveling by plane all day) and I'd rather wait until the 1hr is either pointing down or at least flat.

--- 帖子 #306 ---
Was hoping to get home before the hourly close to catch that one but missed it by 8 minutes. Oh well wait for the next bus to pipville! Will jump in if we get another valid short trigger

Yes Sarah I was planning on updates - when there are enough posts I will make pt.3 pt. 4 - I don't know about every week though depends on if we have enough new posts etc.

--- 帖子 #307 ---
I decided to jump back in and grab +6 more pips before I call it a night. It worked out although the 5m went down right to the 10 line, it wasn't a valid long, my M15 never budged so I wasn't sweating it out at all. In fact, I placed this trade and went down stairs. I'm not checking them anymore until the 15m candle closes. Trade went as follows:

1:  Yellow line was trigger.

2:  Red line was the entry. M5 entry price closed lower than M5 trigger price.

Looking at the charts, I may be leaving a lot more on the table but hey..I'm whipped and if I trade while I'm tired, I may as well hand over my money :-)

--- 帖子 #308 ---
Tired too but glad I shorted this.  Up about 35 pips and the M15 stoch is only about half way down.  Currently hitting resistance at 1.2550 so who knows.

--- 帖子 #309 ---
UPDATE: So far up +40 pips...

UPDATE 2: +60

RESULT: Exiting when the 5m stoch crossed back under the 15m would have netted +51 pips (I didn't take it)

--- 帖子 #310 ---
I'd like to thank everyone for there kind comments. Also, thanks to CindyXXX for all her efforts in PDF'ing, analysis and sharing trades, As well as JDcompute for some great analysis work and trade sharing as well. Also, everone else who is contributing or sharing in this forum.

I apologize for my lack of entries of late as I'm doing some analytical work, that hopefully will benefit all of us in the near future. I do visit here quite often to see if any questions need answering and if you find any tricky trades please share as they are the most fun to figure out and worst to trade

--- 帖子 #311 ---
Spud, I find this system to be so easy now that I've been able to grasp what the stochs are doing. I normally hit the exit button as soon as I begin to panic but deciding that I'll only exit if there's a valid entry in the opposite direction (our MUST exits) keeps me in the trade and relieves the stress.  You must spend an awful lot of time analyzing trades and entry/exit points. I even grabbed a bunch of pips on NFP Friday which is a day I NEVER trade and have been told not to trade on. But the stochs behave with the market conditions anyway so why not trade them

--- 帖子 #312 ---
JD, Sarah, Cindy, do you guys generally wait for all the stochs to agree such for a long30 flat 15 turning up and 5 above 10. Excluding the 1 and 4 hr? Thanks guys. I have been able to grab some nice trends, but still like scalping a few pips here and there. I just want to make sure I am understanding the method correctly before I go live.

--- 帖子 #313 ---
I'm still learning too but from what I understand your basically right... THe H1 and 4H and 30m as Spud says act more like guages and are laggers so yes we're mainly focused on the 5m 15m and  but can't completely ignore the higher TF's beuse they will add a lot of weight to the overall perspective of things.

--- 帖子 #314 ---
Hey Spud I'm just hoping you can clear something up for me....

In the very first few posts and examples you made at the start of the thread you showed us a short where the 15 30 and 1 were all pointing down, and the MOMENT the 5m hit a short trigger you went short predicting a new down trend.

Later on in the thread you say that a short trigger is only valid when the 15m stoch turns down AFTER the trigger close and that if the 15 min has been going down for the past few hours it doesn't matter - it must turn down AFTER the trigger.

Are these two different "types" of entries?

Or maybe waiting for the 15m after the trigger is what we use for confirmation when we don't have the support of the 30 and H1?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #315 ---
Because of the confusion around MTF Stochastics, I "simplified" the entry.  Both are valid.  This was orginally designed to make better entries with my MTF Stochastic strategies.  However, the logic behind waiting for the M15 is valid MTF movement...it just comes a late sometimes.....you can see this movement in the "balls".

If you have an MTF Stochastics setup, sometimes you aren't sure if this is the best time to enter (i.e. in overbought or oversold situations, elasticity, escalators, etc.) .  The trigger can ease that a great deal.  There are many ways to use the trigger, I've skipped a full explanation so as not too confuse everyone.  For example you could wait for an M5 trigger to form a "^" peak in a short and if the MTF's are lined up...or wait for the M15...or even wait for the M30 if you are targeting long trends and trading positions.  I've mentioned things like M5 and M15 crossovers for example.

I try to offer what I consider some of the better solutions, but sometimes different things work better for different people based on their trading methods or understanding.  Sometimes, I'm just presenting the same thing in a different way...but the logic behind it is all the same, the view is just a tad different.

--- 帖子 #316 ---
I picked up another +22 pips off this pair. I don't know if it can get any easier making pips than using this system. I'm starting to feel like I'm doing something wrong  Just be patient, watch how the moves go in line 5m leads the train with the H1/H4 as the caboose. Get off at the 15m station end or 30m or whatever and pocket your pips. Wait for the next move. This is insane

--- 帖子 #317 ---
Cool, 22 pips and you have your 20 in the bag for the day JD.

Anyone else thinking of shorting this trigger right now?? Or is the H1 and H4 too oversold?

Danka,

JMC

--- 帖子 #318 ---
What is Caboose? Sorry my English - no in dictionary.

--- 帖子 #319 ---
Caboose is the last car on the train.

--- 帖子 #320 ---
If it were me, I'd wait for a long to setup. The M30 and H1 are too low to attempt a short. It may work out but like Spud says, it's just not sensible to assume that much risk..it's completely unncessary actually.  Yep, if it were me, I'd definitely pass on any short right here.

--- 帖子 #321 ---
Ok. Thank you

--- 帖子 #322 ---
Well let's see if I can try. As you may guess and one reason why I think JD is having a good time is that he has MTF Stochastics well in grasp. However, I know that not everyone has such a good grasp of how the different time frames and stochastics move together to tell you what is happening.

I showed this with the balls, but I think that was a bit confusing. So, I've stolen Cja Stoch Bars indicator 's basic design, modified the look and then spent a huge amount of time making sure a 14,3,3 setting on M5 wouldn't mess thinks up.

Looking at the indicators below. They measure the stochastic movement from Nov 12 18:15 to Nov 12 24:00. Each indicator represents the best entry into a trade where there was significant price movement to make a trade worthwhile.

This is Spud's Predictive indicator...only problem is it doesn't exist. This was done by hand but the important thing I'm trying to show is how the stochastics movement tells you what to trade and better yet, where you are in a trade.

Notice I have used M1, M5, M15, M30, H1, H4 and Day. I have set all the stochastics to 14,3,3 as we will not use the M5 trigger here but only the position of the stochastics. You could set up a seperate chart with the M5 trigger at 14,1,1 to use as a further guide for trades.

Now the indicator is very simple. The Blue bars are last candle close upward movement of the stochastics and the red downward. Don't get too drawn into if a stochastic is moving up or down last candle. If you saw this live or looked at the charts the motion is so much easier to detect.

The bars represent 10% increments of %K...that is important. But it is the relationship of the stochastic time frames to each other that is more important than the exact value of %K...other than what we assign as our trigger.

In this example I will use M1. In real life, I believe without a moving indicator it would be real tough to analyze by M1. The big advantage with M1 is that it tightens up our trades...the disadvantage is that if you don't read the other stochastics correctly you can start chasing your tail.

We also need a pivot point. Thing of this like a guage...our needle starts at our pivot...in this example I used the Day. You could use the H4 or H1..even the M30. Your pivot must be a higher time frame than your trigger. I've drawn this pivot to trigger relationship on the indicator as a red dotted line.

The day is nice to use because it doesn't move for an entire day! So it is a really fixed point. I don't think I'd use a week...that's just way too out there in our time frames unless you have the bucks for huge stops to trade for H4 trends.

I'll explain each indicator in detail. Remember each represents the entry point of a trade in sequence. So this is a fluid motion through time and our indicators are moving up and down..bouncing all around...but every move tells us something and when we get the right relationships we can pick entries and exits, guage our current trades strength and momentum and know pretty well where our trade is.

Below is the overall time time period....I'll go post by post and explain and add the indicators like a movie in slow motion. This may take me quite a few posts so be patient.

--- 帖子 #323 ---
Put oh so eloquently,lol

--- 帖子 #324 ---
Yeah, I should know better, I guess I'm just getting an itchy finger....

J

--- 帖子 #325 ---
So, let's pretend it is Nov 12 and we open our Forex charts at around 18:00 Forex server time (that's about 11:00 am EST using my charts). Our first goal is to get a reference point. We can trade it but more important is to know where all our stochastics are.

I've decided to use the Day stochastic as my pivot point and the M1 as my trigger. You could use H4 as a pivot and M5 as a trigger, it really doesn't matter because the movement relationships are all the same. The more time frames we use, we simply get more information...to a limit, I would not go past the Day.

So if we had been watching things we would have seen a fairly bouncing price chart before this and price has just dropped. We've actually missed the best long entry point on this chart it came at about 18:09. In our chart below you would have seen M1 moving from the bottom 10% upto where it is now at 18:15 (these times are the close of the candle).

As M1 move ups we are looking for some important moves in our other stochastics. First we want to watch M5 and M15. M5 just moved down after moving up...so M1 and M5 have both moved up overall. If you use M30 as a pivot for a second and visualize that M1 has moved from the bottom then our guage has risen. Same with the Day as our pivot, our guage has risen.

You can trade and exit when the M1 hits the maximum height at 90% or even 80% to be safe. But we can do much much better using the other time frames.

M1 is going to cycle like crazy between 0 and 100 over the course of our long trend. So will M5 to a lesser extent and M15 even less and so on to a point where some stochastics won't even move.

As price trends upwards our M5, M15 and M30 will all trend upward..the longer the trend the more time frames we are likely to see move upwards.

--- 帖子 #326 ---
So skipping a bunch of moves it is now 19:30 and we can see in our second indicator how M5, M15 and M30 have moved up and now M1 is yet again (it would have cycled 3 times to the top) at the top at 90%+.

See how I've drawn the line from the Day to the M1. That's our maximum guage move. If you look at the charts for this period you'll actually see M5 has been falling since about 19:00 after peaking at 90. M15 peaked just above 80 and is falling. M30 has steadily been rising. H1, H4 and D haven't moved.

So the important factor to enter our short trade here is:

1. M1 hit the trigger point >90%

2. M5 and M15 both peaked high (2 is always better than 1) and are dropping...while M1 has been rising to reach it's trigger. Remember our shorter time frames must rise to bring our longer time frames down.

3. M30 has moved up 30%..that's a lot. More on this later.

Here's where treating each longer time frame as a pivit can really help you visualize the coming movement. Take M5 as the pivot and M1 as the trigger...expectation is M1 will fall. M15 as the pivot and M1 as the trigger....M1 will fall. M15 as the pivot and M5 as the trigger micgt be a climb need more info.

M30 as the pivot and M1 as the trigger..M1 falls. M30 as the pivot and M5 the trigger...M5 falls. M30 as the pivot and M15 the trigger...M15 falls.

and so on...H1 to M1, fall; H1 to M5, fall, to M15, fall, to M30, fall. H4 to all of them..fall.

So everything says fall except M15 to M5. But since we know M5 and M15 are already falling and expect M1 to fall being our trigger...we only need to see M30 fall now to verify we have a good down trend we can follow.

I bet you are thinking...what if M1 stays up above 90% and M5 rises? This is why our trigger is so important and the downward move. Earlier in this thread when I explained the M5 short trigger we wanted the M15 to move down to confirm our short trade before entering. This is the same logic...except we use our M1 and M5. Since we also have downward movement from M15 we simply can't build a much stronger case to go short.

Can it go the otherway? Yes, but the odds are highly against. More so..even if it does go against most of the time it will be a small price move. The odds are simply huge against a major price move up where we are now.

Ok, one more thing before I leave this is the 30% M30 move upwards from the start. The longer time frames move much slower than the shorter time frames. Stochastics live in cycles of up and down. A cycle fore M30 is when the M1,M5 and M15 move up and then down. Generally such a cycle involves many more M1 up and down moves than the M15's. This again is our relationship of fixed pivot points to lesser time frames. Anyways, if you count these cycles and watch M30 as an example, we can usually expect that in price upward move, M30 will move about 10% up per cycle. This is not written in stone, but it is simply another way to guage things. Usually a move greater than 10% is a burst that exhausts the upward trend. This works the same down as well. M15 is more on the 10-20% scale and M5 more on the 20% per cycle. In this example I know M1 cycled 3 times to the top peak and M30 moved up 30% (3 x 10%)....this is another expectation that M1 will go down at this peak and not get stuck in an overbought situation that will not drag M30 up another 10%. Only use this as a you would sticking your finger in the wind to measure wind direction and speed...as a rough idea of direction.

--- 帖子 #327 ---
big ditto Cindy

and I would add that Stochastics, properly understood and executed, is in the upper crust of indicators.  My profitability curve took a profound upward angle when I started understanding and wisely using Stochastics.  That is my main indicator.

--- 帖子 #328 ---
This next move (at 21:15) is an upward move in a downward trend. I call it "elasticity" and you can clearly see it here. Our M1, M5 are down at the bottom and M15,M30 and H1 are much higher.

These can be very lucrative trades and not. This is a pure stochastics move and how much price bounce we actually get can be large or small. The danger of this trade is staying in it too long. This is a counter move within a trend not a change of trend typically..so don't get greedy.

This long setup again relies on our trigger hitting below 10%.

M15 dropped 10% in 5 M1 cycles....nothing great and just like a big move is a reversal sign...so is a "freeze"...where the M15 doesn't move and M1 and M5 dropped like rocks in comparison.

Entering anywhere on the M1 trigger is not a big risk, but if you like safety wait for M5 to rise.

You can see here we also had the benefit of seeing H1 move and it moved a lot in comparison to M15 and M30.

If you look at your charts we waited for M5 to fall all the way down with our M1 trigger before initiating the long.

Again, repeat after me ....in order for M15,M30 and H1 to fall....M1 and M5 must climb first.

--- 帖子 #329 ---
I'll let you ponder this next one a bit. Think about why this is the short signal.....besides the M1 trigger. There are 2 major reasons and I've explained them already in the last 2 posts.

--- 帖子 #330 ---
I've been gone for a few hours and I see a new posting has been done by the man himself. I'm off to brew some coffee and coming back to study this. Thanks Spud, Not sure if I'll have some questions or not when I'm done reading but I'm definitely enjoying this.

--- 帖子 #331 ---
It is, (if i understand it correctly) following the cycles within,  the cycles,  withn the cycles. And once you can find the rythem and understand the reason for the cycles your on your way to predicting the most probable move.

--- 帖子 #332 ---
I must admit I'm stumped on this one - Any ideas...

--- 帖子 #333 ---
My only thought is that the positioning of the other stochs support a short...

The daily as a pivot: 15m trigger 15 falls, 30m trigger 30 falls, h1 trigger h1 falls

The H4 as a pivot: H1 trigger the h1 falls, 30m trigger 30 falls, 15m trigger 15 falls

H1 and 30m as pivots: 15m the trigger 15 falls.

So I guess in conclusion the 15m as a trigger for all higher timeframes as pivots will fall.

So everything says fall except M15 to M5. But since we know M5 and M15 are already falling and expect M1 to fall being our trigger...we only need to see M30 fall now to verify we have a good down trend we can follow.

Well I think thats 1 reason......

Reason2: 30M already falling?

--- 帖子 #334 ---
here is the last version of the stochsatic bar created buy cja

with arrow direction added and a choice to move the indicator to any window

thank you spud for all the teaching you give us

im a big fan of your work

--- 帖子 #335 ---
hi

spud or anyone who understand well this method , could you please tell me if i entered this trade following the rules ?

thanks

--- 帖子 #336 ---
My guess. Since the last long trade was an elastic trade where only the M1 snapped back upward, the positions of the rest of the stochs(M5, M15, M30...D) remained relatively unchanged. So the earlier pivots that support the short trade are still valid.

Harry

--- 帖子 #337 ---
Yup, nice set up. I was in this trade using just the 5M crosses 15M stoch as entry.

--- 帖子 #338 ---
+140 pips and counting nice one. There was a nice 70 pip short before that long too.

--- 帖子 #339 ---
hi cindyxxx and harry123

what about the exit , when you will exit cindyxxx?

thanks

--- 帖子 #340 ---
i exited + 134 pip , that was a nice trade even i wasn't sure i am follwoing the rules . thanks spud

--- 帖子 #341 ---
End of long trade. Short trade comining up. Thanks Spud.

--- 帖子 #342 ---
I exited when the 15 crossed the 80% level for 110 pips. I was originally going to exit when the 30 crosses but seeing as I was 100+ pips up why temp fate!

--- 帖子 #343 ---
harry 123

what is this indicator you are using and do you base your entries only on the cross of m5 and m15 ??

can u post this indicator please

thanks

--- 帖子 #344 ---
The indicators I am using are MTF stochastics which can be found in Spud's earlier MTF threads. I don't use this two (M5 and M15) stochs alone. I have the same profile setup as yours to look at the larger map before I can confidently use just these two (5M and 15M) crossovers as entry and exit triggers.

The indicators as attached.

--- 帖子 #345 ---
Hello Chaps,

Don't forget that you can use the trend line drawing tool to draw your pivot lines.

--- 帖子 #346 ---
5M and15M crosses again. This system is awesome.

--- 帖子 #347 ---
Short

--- 帖子 #348 ---
cindy

why you took this short ? i didnt take it because  30 mn and 1 h are still pointing up .

could you please explain

thanks

--- 帖子 #349 ---
please post this m5 & m15 crossover indicator for entry & exit ,I will be grateful,if u can post it. thank

--- 帖子 #350 ---
Waiting for the 30 to turn down would have been a safer option. If you went short there (15 minutes later) you would be in 17 pips profit right now....

Also I could see before it closed the 30m candle had gone down a long way and that it (the stoch) would probebly turn down (which it did)

Basically they were all high (except the H4) but as we know for the H4 to rise the shorter TF's need to go down and pick it up.

The H1 and H4 are pointing up but they are laggers I'm more concerned about where the positioning of these two are rather than if they're pointing up or down.

Also you can see the 5m had crossed under both the 15 and 30 and the 15 had crossed under the 30.

--- 帖子 #351 ---
The indicators are attached in post #345. You have to attached them to your 5M chart and set the parameters as recommended by Spud i.e 14.1.1 and 14.3.3. The indicators are multi-time frame and you set one to 5M and drag another one into the same indicator window and set the time frame to 15M.

Regards/Harry

--- 帖子 #352 ---
Closing this one at BE.

If I took profit at the first 5m long trigger I could have grabbed 30 pips but I decided to ride the 15 down to 20 but now I just don't like the look of things.

The 15 has gone down a bit since the open of the trade but price is more sideways and not leading it.

EDIT: Things really coming down now I guess I got scared out of this one. Like Spudfyer says if theres no valid long then why leave a short. Live and learn!!!

--- 帖子 #353 ---
cindy

i went short at the red line , stoill hoping i m following the rules

regards

--- 帖子 #354 ---
i've done everything u ask me to do but i can not drag the one i set to 15m pls direct me . thanks

--- 帖子 #355 ---
sorry  i enterd the next candle next to  the red line at the close .

regards

--- 帖子 #356 ---
Click on your mt4 navigator folder... This will bring up the indicators in a list on the left hand side of your screen... (see picture)

drag the first indicator onto your mt4 platform window. This will make an indicator screen like normal.

To overlay another stochastic on top of it just drag another MTF Stochastic into the indicator window you already have.

Then rigght click on each one and set the parameters. Black out the 2nd and 4th colour in the colour options and you will be left with the %K line which is the one we want.

Hope this helps

--- 帖子 #357 ---
Well in my opinion the entry seems a little late to me. I can't see any reason to enter there myself  and  I personally don't like to chase the market if I miss the initial entry point, but hey your up 50 pips and I'm not so what can I say.

--- 帖子 #358 ---
This one seems  to be a really messy trade I'm glad I'm not in it anymore maybe the news had something to do with it. Hopefully someone can shed more light on it

--- 帖子 #359 ---
you guys are friendly thanks for help me out

--- 帖子 #360 ---
Did anyone else see a long entry at 13:30ish?  I had a long trigger then my M15 stoch closed up and I entered long....and got HAMMERED big time.  The next 15 stoch closed down and I died.  Did I accidently step on a news landmine or just entered wrong.  Please take a look at your charts at 13:30 and let me know..Thanks!

FW

--- 帖子 #361 ---
I'm not at the computer with my charts right now so I can't see. I'm sorry you got hit bad. I have a primitive setup on this computer and I just entered short right now and am up +7 but I'll watch the 5m/15m to see if I'm going to stay in longer or not.

--- 帖子 #362 ---
I think it would be nice if there were to be a stochastic overbought/oversold alert indicator so that we would just have to check on the charts when we hear the alert. Please, anyone that has it should post it for the benefit of all.

--- 帖子 #363 ---
Agreed. Yesterday there was a few times I would've left under normal circumstances but I remembered that little line from Spud and I stayed in it. The 5m will really put some panic on you sometimes but unless I see the change reflected in the 15m stoch, I'm staying in.  By the way, it all worked out for me time and again yesterday.

--- 帖子 #364 ---
I'm out at +8 pips. I see the 15m just turned up so I'm at my "Must Exit" point.

--- 帖子 #365 ---
That'll make for a sweeet weekend

--- 帖子 #366 ---
I saw it but didn't like the fact that the 30 and H1 were up high and turning over... Also I was expecting them too fall to pick the H4 up (not that they did in the end!)

Things seemed to go a bit whacky right around that news time but the figures came out as expected on the Trade Balance so there wasn't any surprises there.

--- 帖子 #367 ---
That makes sense, I also noticed that the M15 was about midway down when it hooked up briefly, triggering my buy, then continued on its way down.  Perhaps the M15 being in the middle of the stoch range was a clue to the indecisiveness of the price at that moment?

FW

--- 帖子 #368 ---
That's a fair call in my brief experience with this it seems the "safest" trades are trading a short when the 15m (or/and 30m as well the more the merrier!) is high and a long when it's low.

--- 帖子 #369 ---
Just hoping for a  quick scalp here riding the 5m down to 20 cause I'm tired ha

--- 帖子 #370 ---
ok maybe this was a bad entry - exiting cause the 15's turned up for a quick scalp I shoulda grabbed the 15 pips.

hopefully Spud can comment on this -

I thought everything was lined up ok with the 4hr guage at the bottom and the higher TF's above it etc.

--- 帖子 #371 ---
cindy

this is the last one i took i m +41 now

regards

--- 帖子 #372 ---
You didn't follow the exact rules according to spud as seen on the charts you have posted. Do you?

--- 帖子 #373 ---
hi

i am not sure if i have followed the rules , i am trying to learn , i took 3 trades today and i got many green pip

i wish spud can comment

regards

--- 帖子 #374 ---
I wouldn't have taken that Cindy. You want that M30 at least to be higher or flat, not going up like it is and even better if you can get some support from the H1 as well. With the M30 being higher, it would mean it's close to turning down since it's run up (being 3rd in line behind the 5m and 15m) was almost done.

--- 帖子 #375 ---
I think you answered your own question.....you went in for a quick scalp..got 15 PIPS and didn't exit? I'd play this as more towards "elasticity".  I'd be more inclined to sit and wait for the M5 to bottom out and grab the long...following M5 up...rather than taking the short in this case.....be picky on your trades.

I'm not at my computer so will take a deeper look later.

--- 帖子 #376 ---
Wahnone,

Hope this indicator is of some assistance:

--- 帖子 #377 ---
do we ve to close a position or to delay an entry during the news time ?

--- 帖子 #378 ---
Any ideas on how to play the huge retracement that's due on this 400 pip move?  Standard MTF stoch rules with M5 entry?

--- 帖子 #379 ---
I'm in already at 1.2788 and moved sl to be after using the standard m5 entry.  We'll see how far down it goes (perhaps 50% retracement?) before it gives a MUST close exit.

anyone else in on this?

FW

--- 帖子 #380 ---
I'm not but when I get back to my 'trading desk' I'll be looking for my share of pips tonight

--- 帖子 #381 ---
Hi Stoch-Traders

I changed slightly this indicator so that we can use only this in our MTF Stoch daily trading.

New features available in Stochastic_NoLastBar v2 :

- variable AllBars (boolean) : will show/hide last stochastic bar.

- Added current stochastic value within a label

- variable StochColor will change color of stochastic and label

Note : Don't use any other previous version of this indicator nor any other stochastic indicator on the same chart of Stochastic_NoLastBar v2 otherwise it won't works.

Hope you like it

--- 帖子 #382 ---
Beautiful!  Love the addition of the stoch value within a label.  Thanks a ton Skyline.

J

--- 帖子 #383 ---
Mille Grazie, Skyline (Inter) - Ti piace la mia Juve quest'anno?  Nice work as usual with regard to the indicator.

--- 帖子 #384 ---
Thanks Skyline.

--- 帖子 #385 ---
The quick answer is no.  The stochastic do not change becuase of news.  However be aware of oversold/overbought conditions.  Best to play stochastic runs between 20 to 80 or 80 to 20.

--- 帖子 #386 ---
Cindy, I through in the stochastic bars in the chart and hopefully you can see the trade better with it.

Notice that overall M15 and M30 have been rising...M30 is definitivey on the rise. You can also see M1 is rising...but we can ignore M1 here for this example.

Just looking at M5 which is falling, you can see your short trade is going to be a short lived trade. The M5 can still fall but I think you can see that M5 is going to be drawn up by M15 and M30 and that we have an elastic situation here. We are much better playing the bottom bounce on the M5 if it reaches below 20 and riding the M5 to about 60-70 to exit.

In this example, the M5 didn't drop to the 20 bar so we would never be in this trade. Our short would be in a much better position later when M5 rises up to about 70 as shown by the red dotted line and is headed back down. M1 would really help here in finding a great entry for the short. But we could use the M5/M15 cross for short here too.

I think if you take a good look at the bars you can see all this very very clearly (even ignoring M1).

--- 帖子 #387 ---
Ok that makes sense Thanks Spud and JD for your feedback. I think in the end I got a bit impatient on that one.

Nice indicator thanks Skyline. - Doesnt seem to be displaying the price label on mine though hmm

--- 帖子 #388 ---
good morning spud

i ve a question about the bars maybe my lack of understanding is due to my poor english

im a little confused about the pivot line use  and the relation between the different time frames

i ll tell you what i understood

1- i can use anytime frame as a pivot line with another smaller time farme

2- if m15 for examlpe is at 70 line and m5 at the 30 line so we expect m5 to go up

3- if m15 is at 30line and m5 is at 70 line we expect 5m to go down

4- the same can be done with the other time frames

im i right or worng?

thanks

--- 帖子 #389 ---
You're welcome Jmc

--- 帖子 #390 ---
Prego Rialto

Beh si la Juve sta giocando bene quest'anno , noi con Mourinho facciamo un pò fatica ma siamo sempre primi per adesso

Cheers,

Skyline

--- 帖子 #391 ---
Is anyone else having trouble with Skylines new version of the Stoch indicator with the value label not showing up?

EDIT: Problem fixed if anyone else is having this issue it's because the labels don't display when thres other stochs on your charts - this includes other timeframes try opening up a fresh chart and putting the indicator on that.

--- 帖子 #392 ---
Hi Cindy , I wrote you also by email.

I tested it only on IBFX and seems to works fine.

Did you receive some strange error in journal/expert tabs ?

Which broker are you using to test it ?

Cheers,

Skyline

--- 帖子 #393 ---
Hey Skyline thanks for your reply

I'm using Interbank FX too - I checked the experts and journals and no error messages. hmm

it says: Stochastic_NoLastBar v2 EURUSD,M5: initialized

Stochastic_NoLastBar v2 EURUSD,M5: loaded successfully

But there are these ones too that seeem to come up when I remove it...

Stochastic_NoLastBar v2 EURUSD,M15: uninit reason 1

Stochastic_NoLastBar v2 EURUSD,M15: deinitialized

--- 帖子 #394 ---
Finally setup my charts with all timeframe (IBFX broker).

At this time I cannot see any evidence of long setup , M5 trigger at 8:55 , M15 turns up but still below 20% , M30 still pointing down , H1 and H4 too much high for my taste and still poiting down. M5 price is going sideways.

My conclusion is no long signal so far yet.

Please comment since I'm not sure to completely understand this mtf method

Skyline

--- 帖子 #395 ---
Oh that's weird Cindy !

Could you post a screenshot of indicator with settings ?

Skyline

--- 帖子 #396 ---
Hi, I'm getting the same problem, after I attached the indicator my ibfx platform crashes

fedus

--- 帖子 #397 ---
Very very strange, as you can see from my previous post , I attached it on 5 different charts without any kind of issue on IBFX plaftorm.

Btw I don't want to mess this fantastic Spudfyre thread with question about this indicator, pls contact me by pm/email and I'll try to help as much as I can

Cheers,

Skyline

--- 帖子 #398 ---
Correct me if I'm wrong Spud or JD but from my understanding H1 is PUlling H4 down and they are both high but they can't come down lower with 15m and 30m oversold so the long is valid

But now as I type it seems we have a short where the 5m has shot straight up over 90 and the 15 and 30 are still under 20 with H1 Pulling H4 down so for 15 and 30 to come up now the 5m needs to drop to pick them up.

--- 帖子 #399 ---
Heres a chart - it seems to be an exact mirror of one of Spuds examples he posted earlier in the thread..

--- 帖子 #400 ---
I don't know Cindy , M15 and M30 turned both up , moreover M5 price is going up, I wouldn't call for a short right now but I'd like to hear Spud or JD for a more correct analisys.

--- 帖子 #401 ---
On a sider note : it would be great if everyone following this thread could use IBFX demo to check stoch signals so that we are all aligned and see the same signals (hey I'm not connected with IBFX in anyway)

--- 帖子 #402 ---
Yes I believe the long is valid for the reasons I mentioned above but first the 5m needs to cycle back down to pick up 15 and 30....

--- 帖子 #403 ---
I have this unusual situation on EU. The 5min stoch gave a long trigger earlier on and I was waiting for the 15min and 30min to agree along a buy position. Both the 15min and 30min agreed later but by the time they agreed, a short trigger was already on 5min again. Then another turn up on 5min stoch into the overbought area. My question is would you have taken this long signal? Please see attached picture...

Thanks

--- 帖子 #404 ---
Here we go, M5 trigger another possible long signal, if price will climb in next M5 candle and M15 will be still climbing I'll enter long. M15/M30 are perfectly lined up even if H1 and H4 don't like me so much yet.

--- 帖子 #405 ---
Yep I'm waiting for M5 to cross M15 -

BTW that short would of ended at +5 pips in the end cause it took a lot of heat at the start

--- 帖子 #406 ---
Hi I just discovered this thread and I found it very interesting, I have been always using stochastic on 30 min chart as entry signal and using MTF may help me to find better entry point

I attached this chart of 10 minutes ago, I'm waiting that stochastic on H1 start to rise up instead pointin down to go long, does make any sense?

thanks

Fedus

--- 帖子 #407 ---
entered long @ 1.2693 at close of 11:45 candle in my chart since M5 stoch crossed M15 stoch, let's ride this baby !

Hope Spud will jump in to see what he think about this trade

--- 帖子 #408 ---
I'm watching that too but I think we're due for some downward move first.

--- 帖子 #409 ---
The position of the H1 seemd to make that trade awkward I exited at the 5 min short trigger for +15

--- 帖子 #410 ---
yes JD I was up 30 pips then suddendly it turned back, now I closed for -5 pips since M15 and M30 are pointing down. Waiting for a new setup

--- 帖子 #411 ---
Good shot Cindy , you was much more wise than me !

--- 帖子 #412 ---
Looks like we may be seeing a rubberband trade where the 5m/15m trade back to the M30/H1 and watch H4 come down more. But the only thing is that the NY session is about to open and we all know crazy things get at the open.

--- 帖子 #413 ---
Alright, the 5m/15m/30m/1h candles just updated. I see the 1h is supporting a long move but the M5/M15 are both too high making a long at this point a risky trade. It may work out but I'd rather sit by and wait for a better setup. I'm not worried about the H4 right now. I'd rather wait and see the others line up and give me some clear direction.

--- 帖子 #414 ---
M5 now crossed M15 sounds logical to me JD lets see..

UPDATE: Would have been +60 pips in it already great call

--- 帖子 #415 ---
BTW Skyline loving this label on the stochs - sooo much easier to see the crossovers.

--- 帖子 #416 ---
the m15 saved me to long...

--- 帖子 #417 ---
Thanks Cindy. I'm actually up +10 right now...wish I'd have those other 50 though

--- 帖子 #418 ---
Looks to me now to find a good price to go long (gold is raising from yesterday to 745), I guess I should wait m5 stochastig to go back to 10 or maybe I missed the last cross.. still trying to learn the mtf setup, anyway I'm long at 1.2677

--- 帖子 #419 ---
i liked the look of that one too but seems to be struggling to go up at the moment but the 15 is still pointing up and the 30 after they just updated and the 5m still above 15...

--- 帖子 #420 ---
yes is still to early, but it seems is going to happen soon

--- 帖子 #421 ---
I took that long at 13:35 but I cheated a little bit on entry (my fault) infact M15 at that time was still pointing down. As far as I understand for the correct entry I had to enter when M15 went up at 13:45 thus entering at 13:50 on M5 charts (price was going up so long trigger was a valid one).

Btw now trade is up about 20 pips , will exit if M15 point down or M5 reach 90% since we are on friday and prefer to close as soon as possible this trade.

--- 帖子 #422 ---
Lets see if i got this right:

At the time of your post, we had gotten a long trigger at 13:20. M15 has just turned up, M30 and H1 are low and pointing up. H4 is high so we know our stochs need to go up and get H4.  M5 price is up from the trigger point, so this seems to be a valid long entry. I entered at the close of the first upwards moving M15 candle.

Rough start: the first 45 minutes of this trade were in the negative pips. As im writing is has come around to the plus side now. If it werent for the 3 TFs starting low and moving up, and what I know from previous Spudology, I would have probably abandoned this mission.

--- 帖子 #423 ---
Closed finally my long trade with a nice 55 pips gain since M5 closed above 90% ( I could had continue to hold trade since M15 is still rising but I prefered to close at first hint ).

Edit : to be noted how M15 helped me to stay in trade even when pips went negative because never pointed definitelly down (also M30 was slightly climb)

--- 帖子 #424 ---
I agree with your analisys Ayaz , it was a little bit annoying this trade because was negative for a lot of time but in the end following the mtf rules we predicted very easily the up move (and price is still going up eheeh)

--- 帖子 #425 ---
im still in this one as M15 is still in our direction, but the pips are back in the negative.

--- 帖子 #426 ---
when the 5 crosses the 15 and/or the 30, is that considered to be a time to exit?

--- 帖子 #427 ---
nice trade

--- 帖子 #428 ---
I'm also trying to understand the exit strategy, I should read again first post...

I matched my chart with the latest m5 posted by skyline, the stochastic match perfectly, is just the time different but is ok, good to have the same chart

--- 帖子 #429 ---
Yep, same thing here. I just closed out though at -15 so I'll just hold tight. I'm just not too sure of the ups and downs right now. We're seeing more drawdown today. I'll probably wait to see if things line up good for a short later. If not, I'm just out for the day unless I see a really good long setup. But with the H4 still high like that, I'm hanging out until a short setup.. Then I'll more than make up my -15 pip loss.

--- 帖子 #430 ---
I guess it's time to exit if you have a short trigger validated or to be more safe if M15 turn down. But as far as I can see now M15,M30 and H1 are still pointing up.

--- 帖子 #431 ---
Yes it's better to have the same broker chart so to avoid confusion imho

Fxcompass , Cindy solved her problem with stoch_nolastbar v2 indicator, simply put it without any other stochastic indicator in the same chart and it should works fine.

Cheers,

Skyline

--- 帖子 #432 ---
closed the trade at -25.

--- 帖子 #433 ---
I entered long at the 14:15 candle (1.2658) and closed at 14:40 for a quick 30 pips this morning. Many thanks Spud

--- 帖子 #434 ---
If we get a valid long at this point, would you take it?

H1 is still low, 15 and 30 are mid to high.. is it worthwhile?

--- 帖子 #435 ---
Thanks I'll try now to load the inidcator, I have stochastic on other charts, I'll give atry looks really helpfull

I posted a new good long to me..

--- 帖子 #436 ---
Mmm I'm not sure about this is a validated long for these reasons :

* M5 price isn't climbing up since trigger point at 15:35

* M15 is still pointing down

don't you agree ?

--- 帖子 #437 ---
I don't know maybe it could be good for a quick scalp exiting when M5 pass 90% but actually I don't see any valid long setup.

--- 帖子 #438 ---
I'll take this one if I get a good buy signal on the M15. The M30 is not too high to worry me neither is the H1. H4 has been there for awhile. I see a long trigger but have to wait until the M15 candle closes to see if it's a valid trigger or not.

--- 帖子 #439 ---
Yes JD, price climbed up since long trigger candle but M15 is still pointing down so I'm on the sideline waiting for more confirmation (M5 closed above M15 and M15 poiting up). M30, H1 seems pretty good.

--- 帖子 #440 ---
Entered long at 1.2689 , M15 now point up and price is still rising, it seems long trigger is validated now. Any comment ?

Edit : scalped 9 pips, M5 closed above 90%

--- 帖子 #441 ---
I toke it at 1.2670 Ithink that the strategy says to enter when m5 is around 10, I need to read back posts I guess..

what about exit, now m5 reached  90%

--- 帖子 #442 ---
Good one Skyline it's interesting though my 15m closed slightly down not up like yours and I'm using Interbank FX too  (same as you?)

--- 帖子 #443 ---
No fxcompass, just look at previous Spud's example , M5 stoch is used only as a trigger (and to exit)

--- 帖子 #444 ---
so at this point what are we looking to happen for us to look for a short?

--- 帖子 #445 ---
I'm in..I went long because the M15 flattened out. I'm up +21 right now..crazy day today.

--- 帖子 #446 ---
Thx Cindy

No my M15 went slighty up , here's my values :

- candle 15:45 -> M15 stoch = 48.6339

- candle 16:00 -> M15 stoch = 50.5464

My IBFX is a live platform (not demo).

Skyline

--- 帖子 #447 ---
I know what you mean!

--- 帖子 #448 ---
Good trade JD , you was more brave than me and mtf stoch rewarded you nicely !

--- 帖子 #449 ---
Yes sir!! I'm in on that same move but I stayed in past that exit point you took and got 21 pips. It feels like we're in and out..in and out..quick hits today. Maybe in an hour or so we can get a good quick trend to end the week good. We all did good this week though anyway. I appreciate everyone's participation and input.  it will help to make us all better traders.

--- 帖子 #450 ---
thanks Skyline

I need go back through examples, anyway I'm still long with both entries,

I think eurusd should still climb up a bit more but that is another strategy.. anyway oil is going down back to 51 and gold is holding 745, is a weird choppy day..

--- 帖子 #451 ---
Yeah JD this thread is really amazing and I like the positive attitude of everyone here ! Thx a lot !

Looking at today price action with all this up and down without a clear direction I agree too that it's good to enter/exit and pick few pips in the most safer way.

Btw I was thinking that today I'm in positive 61 pips and this is amazing since EU is ranging a lot today, I don't want to think in a trending market what MTF is capable to do

Skyline

--- 帖子 #452 ---
I took those 21 and got out and then back in. It went down and then came back again and gave me +10. Now I'm out completely for now..I'm trying SO hard to sit on my hands. I'm not a scalper actually. I like to place a trade and let it run. This in and out stuff is not my forte so I'm not trying to make a bunch today.

--- 帖子 #453 ---
Yes study carefull every single words that Spud wrote in this thread and study his examples , they really help you understand the whole method.

P.S: Ti ho risposto al pm , se vuoi possiamo sentirci qualche volta su skype

Cheers,

Skyline

--- 帖子 #454 ---
Hi spud,

I am a newbie in forex trading, although I know all the basic terminologies in forex, I still need some mentoring because I am not good at practical trading. I saw your article about the predictive stochastic tool with accurate timing. Ilike it and I will like you to carry me along. Thanks for your understanding and cooperation in anticipation.

--- 帖子 #455 ---
jdcompute I have the same problem, is not easy to enter and exit so quickly, I'm more a swing trader than a scalper, I found this strategy very helpfull to find good entry price, I'm actually long at 1.2670 and without MTF I wouldn't get a so good price I maybe have been entering long at 1.2700 probably..so thank you everybody for explanations and for sharing such good system

--- 帖子 #456 ---
Crap! I got out right before a good little spike up!  To your point, MTF stochs is by far the most successful strategy I've come across. It was amazing how I got into Spud's old thread and traded that very very successfully. Now this new method he has is just incredibly accurate. I lost one trade this week just due to the market itself. And the one I closed out with today at a loss was because of just a crazy day.

Look I just missed that spike but I got in anyway, as I'm typing this and I'm up +7 again already.  Kudos to Spud. I'm still so grateful to him and it's awesome that he's back.

--- 帖子 #457 ---
Now we have a short trigger, m5 price is down, M30 is high, 1h is flat and midlevel, 4h flat. 15m look like it will come around and point down at the next 15m close.

--- 帖子 #458 ---
you got back in long?  can you explain what made you go long again?

--- 帖子 #459 ---
Before the Thread turns into a chat room maybe we should make one ?

--- 帖子 #460 ---
Gang, this is what I've been waiting for all morning. The M15/M30 are both high. The H1 is soon to top out and H4 is already heading down. Keeping my fingers crossed for a good down move if it all can line up right before it gets too much later in the day.

***Edit: I jumped in a little early..up +12.6..yeah, I cheated

***Edit#2: It went up to +17 but I got out when it came back down to +11. Now I'm waiting on M15/M30 to follow.

--- 帖子 #461 ---
All the stochs and price were still moving up. I missed the spike but everything was still pointing up.

--- 帖子 #462 ---
Been waiting for this sorta set up all day too JD today the 15 has seldom crossed 80 or 20

--- 帖子 #463 ---
And that's what I'm waiting for. Not sure if I'll wait for M30 confirmation or not.

--- 帖子 #464 ---
I may miss some pips but I'm not getting in yet. I would rather have M30 flat at least. Right now on my screen it's sloping straight up. M5 is too low for me to enter on as well. I'd rather have that one a little higher on its way down.

--- 帖子 #465 ---
I agree - I think the 5m may need to cycle back up once more to start pulling the 15 and 30 lower

--- 帖子 #466 ---
i thought you were already short on this?? in your previous post you said you cheated and had gotten in early?

sorry for the confusion, im trying to follow your trades but i thnk im having a hard time figuring out if are going long or short.

--- 帖子 #467 ---
No problem. If you'll go back to that post you'll see that I made some quick edits around that time and my second one said that I got out when price started moving against me again and that I was going to wait for a better setup.

--- 帖子 #468 ---
Good thing we waited. Hey, this is a "live" session of watching the M5 build our short.

--- 帖子 #469 ---
I'm interested in seeing where our H1 will be at the next candle close. With everyone involved, it forces us to wait and follow the rules since we're sort of accountable to each other here.  All we need is for the "Great One" to show up

--- 帖子 #470 ---
haha yes - with the 5 crossing the 15 here im very tempted to go it but best wait another 7 miutes to see how things end up..

EDIT I guess theres no evidence yet of the 15 building the 30 in the direction we want

--- 帖子 #471 ---
Looks like I'm missing all the fun!  On the road today

--- 帖子 #472 ---
hahaha ya this is great... its exciting watching it unfold while we discuss the moves. Team Spud live and direct!

--- 帖子 #473 ---
15 is up 30 is up -

--- 帖子 #474 ---
Good of you to check in my friend. Hope all is well.

--- 帖子 #475 ---
I'm thinking in another hour the 30m will turn down or flatten. The H1 I think is flattening so we'd be good there.

--- 帖子 #476 ---
Man, this is like watching paint dry.. we may not see that down move today.

--- 帖子 #477 ---
you got that right... this is painful!

--- 帖子 #478 ---
Anyway a short trigger just now and the longer stochs look to be curling down, but nearly 15m for the next closing of the 15m stoch so twiddling thumbs and waiting...be still my clicking finger

A nice short now for a bunch a pips would be a great way to end the week!

well m15 stoch closed up....at least 15 more minutes of thumbtwidling...

its 3:20 and it about time to fogettaboudit for this week...I'm beginning to think that paint dried already JD but it's not he color we were hoping for (short)!

--- 帖子 #479 ---
Yeah Spud today we enjoyed trading mtf stochs , hope you will be with us on next monday !

Have a nice weekend !

Skyline

--- 帖子 #480 ---
I'm in on the short right now..up +13

**EDIT: and out at +8.9  no more trading for the day. This day has worn me down

--- 帖子 #481 ---
JD, I turned away for like five minutes and poof it was all over!  Your careful monitoring earned you some extra pips to end the week!  Have a great weekend fellow spudites.

FW

--- 帖子 #482 ---
I intially entered the short too early and incurred a loss.

However now with better entry im up 33 pips. this could be a pretty nice escalator except for the stupid weekend to screw everything up.

Remind me again why we cant trade on the weekends?

--- 帖子 #483 ---
correct me if I'm wrong, but I think forex markets are open but our brokers are not...hence the so called "gap" on Sunday on our charts when our brokers open again.  For example mine, Interbank FX closes at 4pm EST but I know others are still open for another hour, right?  Anyone correct me if I'm wrong.

Good job on that short Ayaz, I managed to nab the last 10 pips literally! TP at 1.2714

--- 帖子 #484 ---
Thanks. As I look back over the day, I realize that I've taken a lot of risky trades just to say that I was in a trade. Beginning Sunday night, I'm going back to my road of discipline and I will make sure I have an actual checklist that I go by so that I stick to the PMTF stoch rules that we've established. I personally have enjoyed everyone's contributions and participation this week. I'm looking forward to hearing Spud and the rest of you when trading opens again on Sunday night.  Have a good weekend and enjoy the time with your families and/or spouses or your own "me" time

--- 帖子 #485 ---
For sure, these are the trades I lose money on.. I agree discipline and maintaining the integrity of the system is the key - when following the rules you can make serious and consistent pippage.

--- 帖子 #486 ---
Just a quick question to the active members on this thread; what times of the day or sessions have you found to be the most active with this system if any?  I'm kinda feeling a little frustrated because have missed some great trades this week and feel like I have to be in front of the screen a lot to catch them...Maybe a dumb question but I thought I'd ask.

Thanks,

J

--- 帖子 #487 ---
Actually, this system works throughout the entire day to be honest with you. During the Asian session it may slow down a bit but even then there's opportunity to grab +10 or so pips.

--- 帖子 #488 ---
Yes JD I would add that as every forex book/site/forum said statistically most of the move happen during London/NY market sections. For me is also a pain this because even if I'm in the euro zone so theoretically I can catch the whole London/NY action, during this time I'm at office (start at 9 am end 18 pm) so I cannot follow continuosly the charts otherwise I risk to be fired from my daily job

--- 帖子 #489 ---
I made a minor add to previous version, just to help a little bit to see immediatly if stochastic is going up or down for all the situation when it's line is quite flat. So this v3 will calculate the difference between last 2 candles and show the arrow accordingly in the top-right corner of the indicator.

Hope you find it usefull

Note : Don't use any other previous version of this indicator nor any other stochastic indicator on the same chart of Stochastic_NoLastBar v3 otherwise it won't works.

--- 帖子 #490 ---
I'm working trying to add some clarity to your entry/exit decision making. Please feel free to tell me "this makes no sense" if I start to loose you. However, I feel this will add tremendously to your trading success and ease your stress. This by the way is all the same thing in my past posts just presented a little differently.

I have modified my charts to help demonstrate this. Across the bottom are the Stochastices for M1,M5,M15,M30,H1,H4,D1 time frames. All are 14,1,3 (middle number does not matter) except M5 which is 14,1,1. (In using the stochastics this way the M5 at 14,1,3 is fine, I'm just stuck in my ways at 14,1,1). Stochastics showing %K only, of course.

The last daily closed Stochastic %K is our "PIVOT" point.

The bottom purple line is called the "Fixed Direction Line". This is where the stochastics in the short time frames will move to. It is simply a line from our Pivot point to the "0" point on the M1.

We only have 2 possible Fixed Direction Lines...the "Down" which is shown here drawn from the Pivot Point to the "0" point on the M1 Stochastic. The other is the "Up" which is a line drawn from the Pivot Point to the "100" point on the M1 Stochastic.

We can only have 1 Fixed Direction Line on our chart. This line moves only if the M1 hits 100 or 0. (This is not "exactly" 100 or 0 but pretty darn close...it will become obvious later what close means).

When M1 hits 100 our Fixed Direction line is drawn in the Down position ("0" to the pivot point). You can see in this example our M1 hit 100 a few minutes back. We only redraw at the close of the M5.

This keeps firmly in our mind what direction we expect the M1 to move too.

The other lines are simple drawn from the Pivot Point to the last close of the M1, M5 and M15 stochastic. This is "where we are". Lines are drawn at the close of every M5.

The "1" shows us that our M1 is going to move down. We expect M1 to hit "0" at some point in time.  This is simply inevitable.

The "2" shows that our M5 is higher than our M15. This means our M5 is still in a long position and in this case if we are in a long trade we would stay in our long trade. Also notice that M5 and M15 are above our M1 line further stating the long.

The "3" is our last candle close price. In this situation it closed down.

These 3 indications anticipate an end to our long. At the very least a slow down in our long. We can not yet judge if this is a trend change or simply a pause in our long trade. Hence we have no entry into a short here but if we are in a long trade we stay in it (we should not enter long here).

M30, H1 and H4 are reference points. They simply tell us that M30 is falling and likely H1 will fall to prop up H4...if H4 is to continue to rise. For now, while M30 continues to to point down we favour short trends vs long trends. In other words, we want to try and stay in short trades longer and exit long trades quicker until something changes.

This may seem a bit confusing with 1 picture...but you will see how the movement of these lines will tell you the direction of our trade, entry and exit, as well as momentum.

--- 帖子 #491 ---
5 minutes later...Short Entry/Long Exit

1. See how our M1 moves down towards our "down" Fixed Direction Line.

2. This is the M5 crossover of the M15. The M5 has moved across and fallen below the M15 line. Time to enter short and time to exit long.

3. Our M5 price move is down. M5 price does not have to be going in our direction..it is just much much better if it is.

--- 帖子 #492 ---
10 minutes later...stay in the short

Really nothing to show here. Our M1 continues to fall and our M5 stays below the M15. Stay in the short.

--- 帖子 #493 ---
Spud, have you decided to incorporate M1 in the trading of this system as well? Currently, I'm using M5/M15/M30/H1/H4, should I add M1?

--- 帖子 #494 ---
15 mins later...stay in the short

Notice "1" on the chart. This %K is too far away to be considered "peaking" at "0". The only time we might consider this a peak is if M5 pointed up or our M1 line crossed the M5 line upwards.

Otherwise, we are in the short. We can see M5 pressing near the M1 line...this we have to watch. An M1 cross upwards across the M5 is a long signal, but an M5 cross below the M1 is a short signal.

Notice M15 rose. That's good news and supports the down trend.

--- 帖子 #495 ---
20 mins later....

There is lots of action here to pay attention too.

One reason we use M5 closes is that we don't want to get thrown off by the oscillations of M1 too much. M1 is like a jumping bean on a pogo stick sometimes, so looking at the picture every 5 mins keeps our sanity.

1. What we want to notice here is that M5 crossed down below M1. it's a fine detail that can be missed and makes all the difference of going long or staying short here. It won't hurt you to make a boo boo here,but it might pull you out of a down trend too early. In this case we stay short.

2. That's a peak at 0%..it's actually about 1.5% but you can see it is pretty darn close. The other clue is M5 hitting 0%

3. Hitting the 0% peak flips our Fixed Direction Line to an "up". It now goes from 100% to our Daily pivot.

Other clues to stay short...notice M15 is below our Fixed Direction Line.

--- 帖子 #496 ---
You can do the same thing with M5 to D1.  Just use M5 like I use M1 here and M15 and M30 like I use M5 and M15.

You'll find M1 tightens the trades....using longer periods keeps you in the trends more.  If you like to stay and play the trends use the larger time frames as your references.  If you are a scalper use the M1.  This doesn't mean that using M1 will lead you to scalp it just means you can.  M1 will certainly optimize any trade  but if it confuses you, just drop it and use M5.

--- 帖子 #497 ---
25 minutes later....

1. M5 is still below M1 which should keep us in our short trade. You could exit here to be safe...after all we made a mountain of PIPS here. But this is still a "stay the short" signal. I wouldn't enter a short here, nor a long.

--- 帖子 #498 ---
I can see where using M1 will reduce the DD. The only thing I'm wrapping my head around now is entering a trade when M1/M5 are down but M15 is still up.

--- 帖子 #499 ---
30 mins later.....decision time

Our expected move for M1 is up to 100..that's where we are head. The question is will an M1 move to 100 change price up..or is this just going to be a small reversal in a long down trend?

You will notice that M1 is still above M5 and that was from M5 crossing below M1...not M1 crossing above M5. If we were using the M5 trigger this is an invalid long because M15 is still headed down.

We could play elasticity and expect M1 and M5 to rise towards M15....but with M30 so low, elasticity is very weak and will be very quick. So that isn't a good reason to go long.

Escalator long? Not with M15 so high.

So really we have no long reasons to go long so might as well stay short, or exit because we have to exclusive eveidence to go short either. There is going to likely be some retracement here, it stands to reason the M1 and M5 will rise to continue to push down M15 and M30.

Short term we expect to see price rise moderately...you might even throw in a Fib indicator to see what that retracement might look like. You could weigh here to jump out of the short, wait for the retracement to end and then jump back into the short....or you can just ride it out. Odds are we will not retrace too much...maybe 50% and it won't affect our stop. So long trenders stay in. Scalpers jump out...don't go long.

Eventually we'll get a short entry again..and this entire process will repeat. Or we might get a true long entry in which case our trade will change.

I'm hoping you can see more clearly how the stochastics interact using these charts and how you can use them to make decisions within your trade and where you are in that trade.

I will add more examples if you think this helps you.

--- 帖子 #500 ---
I wouldn't simply enter a trade because M1 and M5 are low and M15 high.  IF M1 and M5 stay in an oversold condition this would be deadly as M15 would continue to fall.

You would need the M1 to have peaked at 0% and M5 already moving up towards M5 or M1 crossing M5 upwards as strong long signals.  M5 leading M1 can cause a bounce down before M5 ever reaches M15.

It is a far better to wait and trade the short, where  M1 and M5 hit the top, and then set up for a short entry where M15 is a little lower or in the overbought area.  In otherwords, a nice setup for an escalator down or being in a down escalator is always the better trade than chasing the elasticity trades which can bite you.

--- 帖子 #501 ---
Understood and thanks!  By the way, where do you live? The USA?

--- 帖子 #502 ---
Canada

--- 帖子 #503 ---
I'm from Texas but travel the states and to Canada a lot on business. In fact, I was in Toronto and London, Ontario this week...starting to get cold up there already

--- 帖子 #504 ---
Spud, I'm curious what your thoughts are on the following:

ADX, RSI, Willams %, MACD

I know that you use only stochs in trading and to be honest with you, I'm really amazed at how you've shown us that we can trade succesfully day and day out using only one indicator. In fact I can't understand why people say that indicators are useless..obviously they haven't put in the time necessary to become efficient at using them. But anyway, your thoughts on the above indicators please

--- 帖子 #505 ---
can we use 4h as a pivot point line instead of daily?

--- 帖子 #506 ---
I modified AllStochastic indicator to show automatically lines starting from M1,M5,M15 to D1 so that it would be more easy to follow on chart latest Spud's teaching

--- 帖子 #507 ---
thank you a lot skyline for the indicator  its really helpfull

can you modify the attached indicator to show only the last closed bar not the last active one? i think this will help a lot understanding the big picture

--- 帖子 #508 ---
when i opened te indicator the metatrader gave me a message (critical error) and automaticly shut down !!!!

anyone has the same problem?

--- 帖子 #509 ---
I have the same problem on metatrader version 4.00 Build 217 but it works fine on version4.00 Build 220.

--- 帖子 #510 ---
Yes.  It will move more.  I suggest M1 - D only to show everything.  You should use at least 4 with the longest as your pivot.  Ceratinly something to play with.

--- 帖子 #511 ---
Spud can you just expound a little more on what exactly is a "pivot" in this context? Is it a point where we look for a change of trend like in a Pivot point that we would normally use? I understand the concept of using M1 but the pivot thing is throwing me.

--- 帖子 #512 ---
RSI and Williams % are very similar to Stochastics.  ADX is a partner indicator in my mind and used best within a system of indicators.   I love MACD, I started with MACD.  For a newbie trader MACD is I think the best choice to learn how Forex works and how it bites you.   You could probably adopt much of what I have written about Stochastics and adapt it to RSI amd Williams %.  I just find Stochastics that tiny bit more honest.   I don't think MACD can be traded on it's own (please prove me wrong), but it is a great tool on any traders charts.

--- 帖子 #513 ---
Here's what I have so far.

Currently this can ONLY be attached to the 5 minute chart. It will draw the 5M stochastic main line and plot out 15M stochastic in little "x"s. Green and Red arrows are also drawn to mark out the valid crosses.

Remember this only works on 5M charts. I'm working on allowing it to be multi timeframe supported. But that's gonna take a while.

Audio alert will only sound ONCE after a confirmed cross has occurred. meaning the candle has closed like how Spudfyer wanted.

I don't quite understand the "When the M5 closes above we want to track it until price has gained 10 pips. " portion... Logic wise it's possible to track price on the background, but I don't think it can be shown on the indicator window for the previous crosses since they're already over...

Let me know if there's any bugs to fix.

regards,

Zen

--- 帖子 #514 ---
Here ya go Sarah

This is the PDF pt. 3 of the thread so far of Spuds posts.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #515 ---
Hey Spud thanks for your latest posts.

One thing though, is the 1m trigger of 0% and 100% the same sort of thing as the 5m above 90 below 10?

--- 帖子 #516 ---
Zen wonderful job with the indicator so far. Just looking at the crossovers now and you can clearly see the importance of the 15m being either up or down in the direction we wanna go. Great job

--- 帖子 #517 ---
thanks for putting these pdf together.  I've done some of that for myself on some of Spud's earlier thread.  It takes time so we thank you.

--- 帖子 #518 ---
I hate not being able to trade on Saturdays :-) I can't wait to put this new indicator to use on Sunday night!  Hope everyone's pumped up and ready to go get those pips!

--- 帖子 #519 ---
thank you cindy great work

--- 帖子 #520 ---
can you fix the indicator pls i dont know why it shuts down the platforum

--- 帖子 #521 ---
which indicator?

--- 帖子 #522 ---
the indicator created by skyline

--- 帖子 #523 ---
Check if you have latest platform build 220.

Skyline

--- 帖子 #524 ---
You're welcome Sarah

I cannot change indicator you posted , i need the .mq4 file instead of .ex4 otherwise I cannot see its code list.

--- 帖子 #525 ---
Today I deleted my old version with Build 217 and reload a new version Build 220 and solve this problem.

--- 帖子 #526 ---
Great job! Can't wait to test it live.

--- 帖子 #527 ---
Spud , your teaching are great !

--- 帖子 #528 ---
Excellent!  This looks very promising and can't wait to test this live as well.

I should note for everyone, that this indicator shows both the up-cross and down cross... so you should filter by using Skyline's All stochs  v1.2 or just normal stochs where our trades are actually headed (or any other stochs indicator).
There are some nice quick scalps with the opposite cross on the back test...something to play with to add a few pips to your pocket.

--- 帖子 #529 ---
I made this a few days ago for someone via email request. well I didn't actually made it from scratch, merely modified what mladen had did for his CCI indicator and change it to display stochastic instead.. multiple timeframes stochastic on the same indicator window with clear separator line.

I thought since this is a thread with active use of stochastic, perhaps you can find some use for it. Even if its not, maybe its still something nice to add to your indicator collection. =)

regards,

Zen

--- 帖子 #530 ---
i use altrade metatrader 4

but the program shuts down with the skyline indicator

can anybody give me a site to download a compatible virsion with the indicator?

--- 帖子 #531 ---
sarah,

The indicator does work but only with Metatrader version 4.00 build 220. Go to Help>About... to see what version you are running.  I have IBFX Metatrader and it automatically downloaded and installed the latest build via the live update.

Hope that helps,

J

--- 帖子 #532 ---
the virsion of metatrader  on my computer is 4.00 build 218

--- 帖子 #533 ---
Very nice Zen.  Is this available with the alert for email?

--- 帖子 #534 ---
The one I posted has no alert. merely a visual tool. cos I don't know what condition in this system warrants an alert.

--- 帖子 #535 ---
sarah2000 I had the same problem, you need to download the build 220, if your platform doesn't automatically as mine just go in your platform folder and launch uninstall.exe then choose Repair instead uninstall, it will install the latest version

hope this helps

--- 帖子 #536 ---
Zen,

Thanks but is there anyway we can get rid of the little waving end of the stoch and just show the last place of the stoch close, like th "No last bar stoch" indicator that's already been posted?

--- 帖子 #537 ---
Any opinions on this long?  Or is the 5min to maxed out?

thx,

todd

--- 帖子 #538 ---
sorry for the poor quality.  Not sure if I did something wrong saving it or not.

todd

--- 帖子 #539 ---
Was good for a quick +20.  Too nervous to have held onto much longer even though there wasn't a valid short signal.

--- 帖子 #540 ---
Looks like an elastic trade here where the 5m and 15m go down to pick up the 30m and H1...

5m just croosed 15m and 1m had "peaked" and is coming down towards 0.

Also the 15m just flattened out and price has closed below the last 5m trigger point.

--- 帖子 #541 ---
I looked at 11/14 using the m5xm15 indicator to trade. Trades were taken on the open of the next bar immediate after the indicator arrow prints, of course in the direction of the arrow. SL and TP were both set to 10 pips. Here's what I found:

37 trades, 26 winners, 11 losers or net 150 pips

there were 17 consecutive wins between the start of the day GMT 0 and the London close. Then there were losses greater than wins. For today so far, there are 4 wins and 4 losses.

In reality, it is hard to open the trade at the exact open price of the bar, therefore the SL and TP should be based upon the bar opening price +/- 10 pips, not necessarily your actual price +/- 10 pips. I say this because many of the trades just made the 10 pip mark from the opening price. This may reduce pips by say 2 per winning trade and increase losses by 2 per losing trade. so the net pippage would be more like 76 pips or thereabouts. I also wonder if there is an advantage to shutting down trading when London closes. I think the only way to evaluate this properly is to build an EA..anyone...anyone? Until then I plan to go day by day and see if it consistenly yields positive pips.

FW

--- 帖子 #542 ---
What do you consider to be a loss? Is it when your SL is hit or is it when the stochs and price turn the opposite direction entirely?

--- 帖子 #543 ---
This has turned out to be a much longer trade tahn I first anticipated and that big spike up scared the you know what out of me but looking at the chart at the time it seemed like the worst place in the world to go long with the 15m still high and dropping

--- 帖子 #544 ---
i ve a question about the entry point

if i ve 5m trigger buy+m5 price start to build up+15m starts to follow

do i ve to wait for 15m to close  to confirm the up movenand enter with the opening of the next 15m candle?

--- 帖子 #545 ---
You wouldn't know that the 15M is starting to follow unless you are waiting until the candle closes to see where the stoch is, right? Remember, you must wait for candle closes to judge/know the position of the stochs.

--- 帖子 #546 ---
I know we did when using the 5m 15m 30m H1 and H4 Sarah but in the previous examples Spud posted with the 1m etc he entered that short when the 15m was still up so sounds like a question for Spud to me

Wish I could be more help

--- 帖子 #547 ---
Man this trade is stressing me out Closing at 22 pips - Don't know if I was meant to exit any earlier here my original plan was to trade the 15m down tto the 30m. hm

--- 帖子 #548 ---
each trade either hit SL or TP.  They are stricltly m5xm15 without the usual spud m5 trigger signal with m15 follow-through.

--- 帖子 #549 ---
If I get a valid signal to go short, I will enter. Right now it seems like a rubberband trade but I'm waiting on the 5M to peak over 90%. If the 15m continues to follow, then I'll enter short for a few quick pips.

--- 帖子 #550 ---
Looking at the m5m15 stoch crossover signal for 11/13, there were 42 trades, 22 winners and 20 losers.  If figure you lose 2 pips to slippage per trade, hence -60 or so on that day.  Wonder is there's an easy way to filter out the bad trades?

--- 帖子 #551 ---
There sure is weasel - Instead of looking down the traiin track with binoculars why not get a birds eye view instead

--- 帖子 #552 ---
Agreed, I always do better entering a true MTF trade using Spud's new M5 entry.  But he did also bandy about entry based upon m5xm15 stoch crossover.  After looking at three days worth of backtesting now, I'd say I'm going to stick to the original plan!  But I still wonder if an EA were used, if it would reduce slippage enough to make it a viable system.

It's way past my bedtime (EST) and I have to get up before 6am!  Goodnight!

--- 帖子 #553 ---
i found 2 interesting stochasic indicators if anyone wants to try them

--- 帖子 #554 ---
You can't simply trade the indicators.

You have to determine if you are trend trader or a scalper in each trade...i.e. what is your goal.

For example....if you trend trade without S/L, you'll find eventually almost evey indicating arrow is a winner (for 10 pips)...except that is an insane way to trade.

You could use money management and exit and then double up on the next entry and so on....crazy too.

You could use MTF Stochastics as your guide and think your way through each trade...very profitable but difficult.

So, here's something simple to try in scalper mode:

Play each indicating arrow as either it will win you 10 pips, break even, or exit with + pips.

What we want is quick trades....I'd say if we pass 60 mins we are looking for breakeven or close to it (lose the spread) and get out....but don't get out until we reach that.

We exit when we are + pips and we get an opposite candle...so in a long we want straight long candles and exit on the first short candle as long as we are + pips (net)...if it goes too long take breakeven.

If we are up 10 pips exit.

If we take a breakeven or loss..double up on next trade entry...recoup loss and be + pips according to above rules...but take only +10 pips max (i.e. 5 pips because we doubled).

You may have to tweak (recognize a ranging market, trend and oversold) and you can't be greedy but I think you'll find it easy to pick off 20 pips a day like this.

--- 帖子 #555 ---
Hi guys, nice updates this weekend this thread looks always really interesting, with those new indicators and all those examples of Spud  this system sound's easier to understand,

I'm looking for some good opportunties to sell today, now I see that m1 is below m5 and I'm waiting that m5 cross down m15 and get the signal from the stochm5+15m indicator..let's see after Manufacturing Index how goes

--- 帖子 #556 ---
It doesn't hurt to try!  (backtest)

Spud thanks for explaining that, for you insight, and for the best system(s).  So far my best results are trading your PMTF stochs with a decent longer term MTF behind it.

FW

--- 帖子 #557 ---
ok guys, I got the alert, I'm short at 1.2647..let's see how this trade develop

--- 帖子 #558 ---
I got out at breakeven after a long green arrow, now I'm short again after the new red arrow, I don't like to enter and exit the market I may should wait some confirmation? thanks

--- 帖子 #559 ---
Hi all,

I realised an error with the arrows. it's not checking against the closed 15M stoch. I'm working on how to get it to work properly.

the audio alert on the other hand is correct cos the logic is independent from the visual element.

regards,

Zen

--- 帖子 #560 ---
I hope you had a stop in place to protect you from that news spike.

--- 帖子 #561 ---
I close it at -18 on the green arrow, market is ranging now and I'm looking to sell again on a new red arrow..

--- 帖子 #562 ---
See post number 562 concerning the red and green arrows.

--- 帖子 #563 ---
Thanks wrensky, I also got the audio alert and that should be working, I'm just confident that market is going to break 1.2625 at one point.. I may be wrong anyway

--- 帖子 #564 ---
ok, here I did a snapshot to understand the the indicator:m5 is below m15 but I got a green arrow

--- 帖子 #565 ---
That is what Zen said in his previous post....the arrows are Wrong....do not use them!

--- 帖子 #566 ---
I know.. I'm just showing why are wrong: green arrow but m5 is lower than m15

some arrow are ok, you just need to check the all stochastic indicator from skyline to see if m5 crosses m15

--- 帖子 #567 ---
OK...I'm sorry, I thought you were using the arrrows. Just looking out for you my friend.

W.

--- 帖子 #568 ---
Now m15 is close to top, m30 the same,h1 the same and 4h is short, m5 crossed m15..that's look very interesting to me

--- 帖子 #569 ---
I really appreciate wrensky , I think this indicator once it will be fixed can be very usefull to everybody to spot good trades, I'm just wondering if wouldn't be better to wait a couple of candles after the cross for confirmation..today is  so boring

--- 帖子 #570 ---
i got the template from one of spudfyre thread (spud stochastic thread theory which says when all stochastic converge together by forming rope or comb great thing tend to happen

--- 帖子 #571 ---
Hello FXCompass,

In your multi time frame pivot windows you are using 4.1.3 stochs whereas in the bottom indicator window you are using 4.1.1 M5 crossing 4.3.3 M15; you cannot compare them as they are bound to be different.

--- 帖子 #572 ---
Market's ranging this morning seems like. I hate that! I guess this is an exercies in patience.

--- 帖子 #573 ---
Thanks Merylin I just loaded the default indicator as downloaded, that's true

kareemoladum your template looks great, if I would be selling at 80 and buying at 20 today I would have been doing good pips

sell at 75 and buy at 35 looks the only way to trade today..

--- 帖子 #574 ---
weekend gap has been filled...

--- 帖子 #575 ---
is not every crossover that someon can placing trade but with this theory u can filter good trade out because when all the stochatic are started forming fishnet  up and down there is possibility  that crossover will happen  and during this period u can not place trade according to spud. please read this theory and check  d chat

--- 帖子 #576 ---
Definitely worth investigating!  Thanks for the reminder about those threads kareemoladun.  Maybe Spud can add his two cents.

JD, you forgot to add...ranging with the occassional unpredictably sharp spike without warning.

--- 帖子 #577 ---
agreed! It's too unpredictable for me this morning. I've even closed down my Oanda platform to make sure I'm not tempted to place a trade. I'm just gonna sit here and wait until I see some good rythmic trending going. I'm becoming increasingly picky with my trades. No need to lose money..I can wait. We had a really good week last week and I'm looking forward to one this week.

--- 帖子 #578 ---
look @ what happen btw 9am. 10.30gmt today u will see i draw a vertical line to indicate d area 229pip, as u can see all the converge stoch has enter

over bought area

--- 帖子 #579 ---
Hate that too JD but you gotta love the way the stochs are forcing us to sit on our hands while it's ranging, keepinig us out

--- 帖子 #580 ---
yes, I do and you seem to have a great handle on this method by the way.

--- 帖子 #581 ---
Thanks but theres still a lot that I don't get... I think theres some trades that are really obvious it's mainly when things are overbought and/or oversold it's the stuff in between that gets me scratching my head.

With that said seems theres gonna be a (maybe) a good shorting opportunity sooner or later

--- 帖子 #582 ---
I'm thinking the same thing. I'm tempted to go long right now for a quick scalp but I won't.

--- 帖子 #583 ---
That's how I usually get my fingers burned!  So tempting...be afraid be very afraid.

--- 帖子 #584 ---
Whats Warren Buffet say....? Something about only swinging at the easy Pitch.. Words to live by!

--- 帖子 #585 ---
Does anyone else besides me smell a short??

--- 帖子 #586 ---
yup...just waiting for the right entry... its been a quiet morning, need some action!

--- 帖子 #587 ---
I see a short signal on m5/m15 and the m1 stoch is overbought.  Should be a good entry now

--- 帖子 #588 ---
I don't have the M1 up and my M5 is not pointing down. It's just flat at the moment.

--- 帖子 #589 ---
Yeah, it looks as though things are lining up.  M5 to H1 are all overbought but this is where it is easy to pull the trigger too early IMHO.  I may play it conservative and wait for M30 to head sown, especially on this bullish day.

--- 帖子 #590 ---
my own comfort level would like to see a little more bend on the M15.

--- 帖子 #591 ---
I would stay out now or wait for good long opportunities.. anyway m5<m15<m30 so why don't short theoretically?

--- 帖子 #592 ---
There will probably be another entry possibly with the m30 at our backs if it turns down too. I'm in at the green line and out for +10.  Even though the m15 is not going down steeply, it did close down per the boxed stoch indicator (and is still down in the forming candle) so I went for it.  I'm getting a bit paranoid now and only like to enter when even the m1 is overbought/oversold and preferably turned in my direction.

--- 帖子 #593 ---
seeing as the 15m looks like it may close below 80 but the 5m is already down at 20 I wanna see the 30m following the 15m first before I go short.

If the 5m was still high I'd be in now

--- 帖子 #594 ---
the good news is the 30 closed down.  the bad news is the 15 still hasn't closed below 80

--- 帖子 #595 ---
I'm not seeing that on mine. I'm wondering if my charts are inaccurate since I had to reinstall MT4 following my crash the other day.

--- 帖子 #596 ---
30 looks flat but Skylines last bar indicator shows a down arrow so it did close down although just a bit.

--- 帖子 #597 ---
If the M15 now closed up, we'd have a PMTF long signal right?  I'm not feeling very confident right now about anything!

--- 帖子 #598 ---
I wouldn't go long at any point here. Everything is too high. It may very well go higher but the likelihood of getting burned in a long is extremely high. I picked up +9 on a short scalp

--- 帖子 #599 ---
See here, everything is too high to attempt a long. We'll just be patient and wait for a short. The H1 is near exhaustion and if the H4 continues to climb, our lower tf's have to come down to prop it up or linger where they are and all drop together. Either way, a short is the optimum way to go here my friend.

--- 帖子 #600 ---
I think nows a good time to go short... H1 is at 91! 30 just dropped below 80 15 is below 80.. Price is down off the last 5m short trigger.. The only thing I don't like is that 15m is above 30m

--- 帖子 #601 ---
I went short myself :-) +12 right now. We'll see how it goes.

--- 帖子 #602 ---
Yeah interestingly enough as soon as the 15 dropped below the 30 seemed to give it the kick in the guts it needed

--- 帖子 #603 ---
It keeps fluctuating but I'm staying in.

--- 帖子 #604 ---
Ok heres a question for Spud - The 5m just hit bang on 0 - is this time to exit a short?

--- 帖子 #605 ---
I'm getting out now and getting back in when I get a short trigger on the 5M.

--- 帖子 #606 ---
I think it COULD be seen as an exit.

However, personally, based on previous MTF experience, im going to stay in this one. 15m,30m,1h have all crossed/crossing 80 and headed down sharply, so for me this is a trade id lilke to stay in for now.

lets see how it goes....

--- 帖子 #607 ---
I was up +21 but now I'm down some due to the 5M turning up but we haven't gotten our "must exit" signal yet.

--- 帖子 #608 ---
I'm out for a while now. I trade until the 15m goes into oversold. If it climbs back up for a dive I'll take it. It'll either stay down or come back up mid-way to pull the 30m/1h down some more.  when they all hit the bottom, we wait and do it all over again   We had to wait a good while today but we got +20-+30 pips relatively safely and easily.

--- 帖子 #609 ---
up 38 pips... which is great but the best part is it was ZERO stress. the only thing is picking the exit now. Long trigger?  15m turning up?  cross of the 20 line?  15m/30m crossover? decisions decisions......

--- 帖子 #610 ---
got to +45 and decided that altho im pretty sure ill continue to go down, i just want to protect my 45 pips and get out. if i see another short setup, ill be back in too.

--- 帖子 #611 ---
good job!

--- 帖子 #612 ---
excellent point.  as you know sometimes waiting is one of the most profitable things a trader can do.

There will be plenty of ups and downs in days to come.

--- 帖子 #613 ---
It is a safe option. However, it can also mean oversold in which case price can drop more....consult M15 and M30..they should be headed down and at least M15 below 80..better if they both are below 80 or at least if M30 looks like it will come down below 80. It is also a good time to consult M1, if it hits 100 and price doesn't move up too much..and M1 cycles quickly from low to high to low with M5 staying down (below say 25-30)...you are oversold and stay in...given M15 and M30's position to keep coming down.

OOPS ..this was a reply to Post #608  "When M5 hits 0 do I exit?"

--- 帖子 #614 ---
Be a little cautious on these set ups for overbought conditions...it can leave you dangling in a short entry too early.  Watch price movement.

--- 帖子 #615 ---
anyone watching this potential long setup?

15m,30m,1h are all nice and low....

--- 帖子 #616 ---
Yep, I'm watching!

--- 帖子 #617 ---
This ones taking a long time to line up.

I just realized ive been sitting in front of my computer for 14 hours. I should call it a day but i really want to see if this one plays out the way it looks like it will.

--- 帖子 #618 ---
Here we go!  Anyone else looking to go long?  Current price is 1.2619 and M5, M15 and M30 are all going up from the trend line.  It's a bit choppy but looks good.  Comments?

J

--- 帖子 #619 ---
Just getting to my charts now. I'll check it out.

--- 帖子 #620 ---
Lol! I was scratching my head on that one

--- 帖子 #621 ---
Every single time and I mean EVERY single time I call it quits and go to sleep becaue I'm tired, I wake up only to see a +80-+150 pip move already passing me by.

--- 帖子 #622 ---
I guess that's when the big dogs make their money - when the rest of the players are sleeping in the outfield

--- 帖子 #623 ---
Might be a rubberband short in a while here before 30M joins the party. hmm - I love how you can turn the last bar back on on Skylines Stoch indicator to see where things may close!

--- 帖子 #624 ---
Doesn't look like price is following the stochs on this one. I'm still on the side right now.

--- 帖子 #625 ---
I agree. Looks like a rubberband trade setting up.

--- 帖子 #626 ---
I have had a few requests to talk about using the Rope & Thread indicator. I have revised it somewhat since my first writing. however, I'm not sure if you would like it talked about in this thread (get it thread  ) or the original?

What is it? Rope and Thread is a visualization tool for MTF that works on the convergence and spread of multiple stochastics. Used on the M5, M15 and M30 it is a great tool for following long trends and scalping. It is not a very difficult concept once you know what to look for.

I'd certainly be glad to explain it and the revisions I've made. I've included a template for the ropes.

--- 帖子 #627 ---
I'm very interested to know your latest revisions about thread&rope method

--- 帖子 #628 ---
Same here, Spud.  I still use your Stochastic Thread Theory.  Thanks.

--- 帖子 #629 ---
Hello Spud,

I still use the "Rope" as one of my main tools so your latest thoughts would be very much appreciated.

The original threads (yes, I get it ) would be the best place I think as they are still active to a certain extent.

--- 帖子 #630 ---
Although I didn't take it, here's another example how powerful the "rope" is even on a 5m chart:

--- 帖子 #631 ---
Sorry, here's the chart:

--- 帖子 #632 ---
hi rialto

whats is this doted line on your chart a gann line ?if yes what smoothing u r using

thanks

--- 帖子 #633 ---
No, Imad, the orange dotted vertical line is hand-drawn to depict how the down candle lines up with the beginning of the rope thread.  The white dotted lines are only the daily open.  The red and green dotted lines are Demark trendlines.  Oh, and the yellow dotted line is a 5 exponential moving average set to close.

--- 帖子 #634 ---
rialto

thanks for your reply , if you can share with us the way you place your trades using the rope it would be great .

thanks

--- 帖子 #635 ---
Another difficult morning to trade so I'm standing by for a good predictable move.  I feel like a sniper ...a trade sniper I guess.  Everything just worked out so "textbook-like" on yesterday.

--- 帖子 #636 ---
Hello Imad,

You can go here: http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=37111

and read all about it.

I hope that helps.

--- 帖子 #637 ---
How to scalp quick pips on a day like this ?

--- 帖子 #638 ---
Looks like we may see a move down later...standby

--- 帖子 #639 ---
2 PIPS at a time

Play the M1 and M5 elastic to the M15.  Use M1 when it has peaked above 90 or below 10 and then crossed above 20 or below 80 (you can cheat a little, just don't get caught in over market).  Trade with M5 direction..and of course M15 must be opposite and should be above 75 or below 25.

Grab 2-3 PIPS a trade....you can collect quite a pile in a day.  Don't stay in too long...make your pips get out, in, out.  If things bounce against you, 99/100 times you'll see it and just wait to break-even.

You can also go with M15 (M1,M5.M15) in same direction but only if M5 and M15 especially is above 80 or below 20.  Again, do not want to catch an over market.

This is how I entertain myself on boring rangy days.  Also a great time to watch the stochs and see how price reacts

You'll know things are going to start to trend soon if you see M1 high and low cycles start to take longer and longer to complete.  Typically M1 cycles are quite quick in a range...like 5-10 minutes long...that's not cast in concrete...just something to watch for.  Ohhhh and avoid trading this way around the news...last thing you want to be in is a 50 PIP dive for 2 pips.

--- 帖子 #640 ---
lol thanks Spud - Great advice I was actually trying to work out how to play the elastic trade with the M1 great to hear it straight from the horses mouth!

Cheers

--- 帖子 #641 ---
hi spud

what setting for the stochastics 14.3.3 or 5.33?

or 14.1.1 on the lower TF and others 14.3.3

thanks

by the way who is the broker that allow us this kind of scalping !!! and wont quote and requote

--- 帖子 #642 ---
Trading that M1/M5 back to the M15 is cool!! I'd been sitting here wondering how to get something going. I'm picking up some good pips now.

--- 帖子 #643 ---
Spud, based on this I'd expect the 5m/15m to trade back up to overbought and then fall with the 30m and 1h...

**Edit: I just grabbed +13 pips off this but I'm getting out since the 5 is low and the 15m is oversold. If I get a good trigger of the M1, I'm back in quick and out even quicker

--- 帖子 #644 ---
Perhaps we should have been in when the 15m turned down?

Gamble or good entry?

I took a screen shot at the time because this is where I get stumped when like the 30m and H1 seem to be neither here nor there... Room to move up but also high and could easily drop

--- 帖子 #645 ---
80 pips later...

--- 帖子 #646 ---
Last little downrun was profitable.

Rey

--- 帖子 #647 ---
Ok Spudites, and perhaps our fearless leader, Spud, here's a trade I marked up can you tell me if the entry/exit is correct?

first orange line = 5m short trigger

green line = 15m stoch closed down

enter at the open of next bar

second orange line = 5m long trigger

red line = 15m stoch closed up = MUST exit

please confirm if the 15m stoch close up/down to enter should be valid only when in the 20-80 zone, or is a closed 15m stoch valid in overbought/oversold territory as well? Thanks for the review.

PS that would have been good for 97 pips if I wasn't asleep at the wheel heh heh...

FW

--- 帖子 #648 ---
I grabbed some pips going down but that drop on the 30M seemed like all of a sudden

--- 帖子 #649 ---
Scalping intrigues me since long time but I never found a profitable scalping method, I guess your method Spud could be what I was searching for. When you have the time please could you post some screenshot with just the entries ?

Thx so much !

Skyline

--- 帖子 #650 ---
does anyone look at any other pairs for this method?

--- 帖子 #651 ---
ayaz, this method will work on any pair actually. We use the eurusd because of the low spread and I like it's predictability, but mtf stochs work on all of them.

--- 帖子 #652 ---
That looks like a good entry to me but I feel better knowing where my other timeframes are as well. That will tell me what the M5/M15 have been doing.

--- 帖子 #653 ---
Introduction to Stochastic Ropes V2.0

Please read the earlier attached PDF for the background on Stochastic Ropes.

What is different is that we now use x,1,1 in our stochastic settings, except 14,3,3 which becomes our "Rope". On my chart it is the thick black line. The blue lines represent the short time frames (6 to 13) and the red ines the longer time frames (15 to 24). Also added is a 100,3,3 stochastic line. This is our "Price Line"

What the Lines Mean

100,3,3 Purple Price Line - this is a close representation of our price movement converted to a 0-100 scale. If you follow the 100,3,3 line you will see it closely and accurately mimic our price line. I could ramble on here for 20 pages on this line but for our puposes it is our price line and it alone will tell us much without deep explanation.

14,3,3 Black Rope Line - a real rope is made up of hundreds of threads. Each thread is weak by itself and will break if pulled too hard. When all our threads are wound around our rope, our rope is strong enough to pull the price in a new direction. It is this simple. The tighter our threads are wound around the rope line, the stronger our shift in price movement will be. When the rope starts to fray, we will get price movement away from our current trend. When the rope gets tight again it will pull price in a new direction.

6,1,1 to 13,1,1 - these are our lower or lesser stochastics. These move price off their trend line when they move away from our Rope line. These are what measure the small price moves in a price trend line.

15,1,1 to 24,1,1 - these are our higher or stronger stochastics. Price will go where the red lines are. Price will follow the blue lines first, but will always go back to the red lines. Tricky part here is that sometimes our red lines follow our blue lines.

That's the wordy explanation, but this is a visual indicator so from here on, it is all visual.

Oh, I posted the template earlier but forgot the 100,3,3 line. So here is the proper template. If your working with me, use M5 EUR/USD.

--- 帖子 #654 ---
Spud,

I'm looking forward to your Ropes v2 method.  Your first Threads theory works rather nicely, but, a newer, updated version has really piqued my interest.  Thanks.

--- 帖子 #655 ---
The chart below show it all much clearer. Let's go from left to right on the chart. See how the stochastics all converge and cross our price line..see where our price line is, way down low. So, our rope is going to pull UP our price.

Now see the Rope line and the blue/red lines seperate. This is a great time to go long...now see "The Wall"....this is exit time. This is extremely easy to see forming in a live trade when the blues start to cascade down on themselves. When you see this forming it is time to exit. However, timing is everything. When this is forming the candle likes to bounce quite a bit, so you want to aim on the higher side (i.e. when the candle is even or better than our previous candle).

Now look at the frayed mess. This is ranging territory for sure or a trend break, In this case we go into a range. Scalpers delight because we want to wait for the wall to form and then go long to trade the rebound as blue gets sucked back up to our Rope Line. Just grab 3-5 PIPS here.

With every Frayed Mess comes a convergence not far behind. There is no entry here but you sure need to watch how all our red/blue lines come done on our Rope Line together..get out of the Long.

Here we are again..price line is low, we have a tight rope..we go long. Ohh...notice we cross upwards..that's very important...we want our rope to pull the price up. Again we have the seperation between our blue/red lines and rope line. As well we have seperation from our rope line to our price line..yep you got it...long trend.

See it fray in the middle, watch for the dip coming. This is a multiple choice exit...but I'd certainly think about the blue/red lines hitting the rope coming down.

Price is high, tight rope again (not super tight...but tight enough) crosses our price line down...go Short.

We get fray...time to think about an exit.

Now notice how at the bottom of this short our rope unravels and we go into a long.....this is a retracement as our rope is no longer pulling down so price wants to go back where it was. Also notice how our Rope Line (black line) is spreading apart and above our price line. You can also see in the dips, how our red/blue lines dip below price then cross above before the black line drops too much. Thos blue line dips below the price line are great scalps so long as our price line heads up we have 2 great long scalps here...that are we can ride to the price line or the rope line.

That was probably a lot to take in one chart but that is essentially how it all works. I think if you look at it enough it is quite clear. It is also much easier to see live than it is static as you can see everything forming.

--- 帖子 #656 ---
Here's a little closer view of things.

Just want to talk about our price line a bit. Remember the 100,3,3 purple line mimics our price. We want to enter to enter our longer trades at the extremes of price movement, this limits our exposure to losses as well as increases our chances for success. This is very much like a price momentum indicator in that when we near 100% or 0% price is reaching a limit.

Ok, so on to the chart by the numbers:

1. Notice how our rope isn't super tight..as such we want all our blue, red and black stochastic lines to cross down below our price line before entering. What delays our short entry here is our 14,3,3 line. It may be tough to see on the chart but you can see where the arrow is that we have definite crossinfg of all the stochastics and we are falling away from the price line.

2. Scalpers delight. This is money in the bank. Grab this anywhere on the up or down..down is safer...but you just want to grab it high when it is above the price line. Go for a Short scalp or ride it back to the Price line or the Rope line...or close to. If you are making like 20 pips + off this trade...let's not get too greedy. Here you would have made a nice killing.

3. We have had our fray so it is time to thing about exiting our short. You'll be able to identify this over and over again and where the arrow is is pretty much your last exit point. Staying in longer is risky business. Why trade with risk?

4. This is a perfect example of too early long entries. There is absolutely nothing wrong with any of these long entries. However, you must stick to it. Notice our 14,3,3 is above our price line and as long as that holds true...stay put....you'll be stressed..but stick to it. If you are too stressed and in positive pip land, then jump out. Enter at the next long entry signal. You can scalp it this way too...in on the signal, grab some pips and wait for the next one.

5. Another scalp. Grab it anywhere high and then ride it down. I play these for 5 pips max...there are so many of these you can easily grab 20 PIPs a day just off these at 2-3 pips a trade. By far if you want a safe way to trade and make pips this is the way to go. The risk is almost zero because price is so far away from us. Just remember short and quick. Don't try and turn this into a 30 PIP trade over 60 minutes. I typically don't bother to use and S/L here there I just buy, sell, done. If it looks bad for some reason..wait until you hit breakeven and bail....price will bounce a lot and you will have plenty of breakeven opportunities to bail if you don't like it.

There are 2 other scalps on this chart when the blue drifts from our rope and price lines...right here we have 20 easy pips in just in scalps. If we did it all we have 80-100 easy pips this hour. All of it very easy to see.

--- 帖子 #657 ---
And now we go live for 1 chart....

This is obviously a yukky range market....but you can find a few trades in here....2 easy scalps...target 5 pips...be happy with 3 each...but you can make 5 here on each (our stochs will likely dip below the price as well as above so pretty safe scalps on either side.

Don't ever scalp ropes!!!! Ohhhh so tempting...just never ever ever do it. That price line will hit bottom or top and wait for our rope to cross price at the extremes.

See that fray forming....we may have something coming our way soon. Let's hope so! Otherwise look for another scalp opportunity.

--- 帖子 #658 ---
Get ready to scalp short if you are live.

--- 帖子 #659 ---
How do you overlay the purple price line and the black rope in the stoch window?

Thanks/Harry

--- 帖子 #660 ---
And time to think about getting out of the scalp..see how our red lines are moving up to our blue lines...that always gets me nervous.

Take my 2 pips and run.

--- 帖子 #661 ---
Easiest if you just use my template a few posts back.

--- 帖子 #662 ---
Spud, I did used the latest one but none of those lines appear.

--- 帖子 #663 ---
Try downloading from same post, I updated...see if that works.

--- 帖子 #664 ---
Sorry, still no go. The first version has the black rope but no purple line. The lastest edited tpl from your last post has none of those.

--- 帖子 #665 ---
Wow Spud, I like the rope V2.0. I will study it a bit and try to incorporate it into my live trading. I am up about 10% ROI this month using your teachings. Thanks again!!

--- 帖子 #666 ---
Spud, I know your teaching are the best. I seemed to do ok, but I'm losing my confidence now and losing pips. Can you look at this trade. Did I do anything wrong? thanks

first orange line = m5 long signal

first green line = first m15 stoch to close up after signal

second orange line = m5 signal short

first red line = m15 stoch closed down = MUST close

Please take a second to advise. Thanks again for all you do.

doh..I will post the picture below. PS the m30 stoch was pointing up when I entered just so you know.

It closed one pip lower, but with spread and slippage I lost something like 5 pips

--- 帖子 #667 ---
here it is.

--- 帖子 #668 ---
Thank you Spud. It works great now.

Harry

PS: After reading your introduction with focus again, the rope is the 14.3.3 and the price is the 100.3.3. I am embarrassed.

--- 帖子 #669 ---
Spud,

I've never traded your rope method before. Which do you prefer to use personally, that or the pmtf method? Just curious..and if you're still on, I'm down for some live scalping

--- 帖子 #670 ---
I use them all...I set profiles up and switch between them.  One day I might figure out how to incorporate them all into one chart

--- 帖子 #671 ---
Unfortuantely that is all that trade seems to offer.  The idea is that we'll lose trades...not huge losses..5 PIPS, 10 PIPS, but over a period of time we'll gain 30 pips and so we'll be up 15 PIPS...and so on.

If you follow thre rope method you'll have a good filter to help avoid these.

--- 帖子 #672 ---
I can see this system being profitable but I'm not understanding it right now. If I am using it primarily as a system, we're only trading the rope correct? we're not scalping using the frays?

--- 帖子 #673 ---
thank you very much, just wanted to know if I played it right.

I have the rope method up on my screen as well and trying to work with that also.

--- 帖子 #674 ---
Keep in mind that scalping, while it can be profitable, is very risky.  You might as well flip a coin.  Having a system is much better, as the "odds" go from 50/50 to 60/40 or 70/30 or whatever...  If you scalp, you still need a system.  it may be like your other system, but the rules are different.   Practice it in a demo before going live and losing big bucks.  I speak from experience.  Scalping can be alot of fun but it can wipe you out.  As with any trade, have a plan and execute your plan.  Otherwise, it cam be bad... JMHO

--- 帖子 #675 ---
Hey all, while I'm new to the rope method myself I created a PDF so I could study this info more easily. Sharing is caring so I thought I'd post it here...

It includes the posts from Spuds earlier thread "Stochastic theory" and also the recent ones... I will update if need be and let you know

Cheers

BTW Spud did you ever finish the "theory" that other 30%?

--- 帖子 #676 ---
i wish if we leave this thread only for pmtf stochastics method

the rope methods confuses me

i think we must focuse here on this new predictive system with more live examples cause i still need to develope my skills in that method cause i still make mistakes and get lost when things are not clear like yesterday it was a very difficult day for me

the rope method already has an old thread why not making it active again

thats my point of view guys

thanks

--- 帖子 #677 ---
I agree Sarah more examples of the predictive method would be great... Still learning too

--- 帖子 #678 ---
Cindy, thanks for the very nice PDF.  This looks like a great tool for chipping small pips while waiting for the big moves.

--- 帖子 #679 ---
No worries Harry - Tried to make this one more visualy friendly with the charts still in view of the writing so you don't have to keep scrolling up and down to see what Spuds talking about. PDF'ing should be a sport (lol .NOT)

--- 帖子 #680 ---
Hey Sarah yesterday I felt the same way I think you are feeling - I was sort of annoyed that the predictive thread here was getting off topic and now there was this "rope stuff" to add to the confusion...

But after reading through it it is really quite straight forward, just think of it as a seperate tool...

So yesterday when things just weren't lining up on the predictive stochs tool (I had a hard time yesterday too) we could of looked at the rope tool and grabbed our pips for the day with a few quick scalps...

Anyway give it a chance because I know I felt the same way as you but now after reading through the PDF I've come to realise it's not as confusing as it first seems.

Just a thought

--- 帖子 #681 ---
thank you CINDY

for your help and the pdf you are offering everyone to make things better

i feel that i ve to read the pmtf system again before going to the rope thread  i hope it ll make things easier

i think that if spud gathers the pdfs in the first post of the thread this ll help newbies and ll make the thread more organized such an excellent work must be well organized and documented

thank you dear for your help

--- 帖子 #682 ---
Thanks for the pdf file cindy, will definetly check it out to try and understand the system.

--- 帖子 #683 ---
As always amazing lessons Spud , thx so much !

--- 帖子 #684 ---
I think by combining the 2 methods you will have a very clear picture of what is going on.  As Cindy says, give it some time.  I know the it seems confusing at the momnet but you will see how it all works.  I'll come at it more from a PMTFS format so that you can see the relationship of the triggers and how the ropes will take entry confusion away and help our exits.

--- 帖子 #685 ---
Spud I entered a short right now everything seems lined up perfectly, do you agree ?

--- 帖子 #686 ---
I noticed that too but still watching this crazy rope stuff for now

Spud the scalping method intrigues me but I don't think I'm understanding the entry about waiting for a "wall" to form... on the examples you showed when the blue lines were above 90 what do you define here as a "wall"

Is it simply when a HTFS runs into a LTFS?

--- 帖子 #687 ---
Exited at b/e since both price and rope stoch went against and there was not so much downward action. But I'm not sure if it was correct to exit for those reasons.

--- 帖子 #688 ---
what are the rope set ups?

i see that it is different from the original thread?

am i right?

--- 帖子 #689 ---
yes they are different, Spud posted a new template earlier in this thread.
http://www.forexfactory.com/attachme...hmentid=171630

--- 帖子 #690 ---
Yes, Sarah.  Except for the 14 stoch which is still set to 14,3,3,-all the others are changed from 6...,3,3, etc., to 6...,1,1. This is the reason the thread lines are much different than on the  original method. He now has included the 100,3,3, with which I'm checking out on the original stoch thread system.

Buon Giorno, Skyline.

--- 帖子 #691 ---
Buongiorno a te Rialto

--- 帖子 #692 ---
Looks like a short coming soon. I stalking in the bushes

--- 帖子 #693 ---
Looks good to me -

That long ride up before the short here had a great looking rope apart from the fact that the price line was so high... Would you have taken this SPud or is it invalid?

Check out the way the Stochs (or rope) coverged right before the news and breakout - facinating

--- 帖子 #694 ---
Hey Spud are you only paying attention to the closed bars with the rope?

--- 帖子 #695 ---
ahh..so you're incorporating the rope this morning?..sweet..

--- 帖子 #696 ---
Just putting it out there  Still paying attention to the predictive stochs - Speaking of which I think you better get your sniper ready!

--- 帖子 #697 ---
I wasn't in it, just scalped a few pips, but if we look at the chart I believe this entire spike would have been nabbed by the PMTF 5/15 entry system:

orange line = 5m long signal

green line = m15 stoch closed up

enter on the next bar at open

you'd be up like 130 pips or so right now!!!!

darn day job! why can't I be at the computer when this stuff happens!

ps the pivot at your back only makes it better.

pps does anyone know what FOMC Kohn said?

--- 帖子 #698 ---
I agree...at this 15m close or the next..

--- 帖子 #699 ---
hehehe..Hey, I missed that one as well and I don't know what Kohn said.  I'm never around for those announcements. I did manage to make some good pips around 3:30AM.

--- 帖子 #700 ---
Still no entry yet..tempted to scalp a few longs but I'm gonna walk away and grab some coffee

--- 帖子 #701 ---
I know before he even got a word in the market started rallying !

BTW I''m not sure I personally would have taken that PMTF signal cause the 15 and 30 were quite high - but that's just me... With that being said it could have supported the rope that formed - which was very low and heading up. (the chart I posted above)

Interesting all the same

--- 帖子 #702 ---
Hey, I did NOT take that entry.  You misunderstood me. I'm still sitting here waiting although I see a spike down on the 5M.

--- 帖子 #703 ---
I know was talking about FX Weasels Trade he was talking bout above - hey doesn't look like the 15 or 30 are gonna close under 80 yet the 5 is very low I'm gonna look at the 1m and look for a quick snap long what ya recon

--- 帖子 #704 ---
You mean the trade I wish I had taken!

by the way, the m5 short trigger has already fired and looks like the m15 will close down. Since spikes like these usually retrace around 50%, it could be easy 25 or so pips?

...thoughts?

--- 帖子 #705 ---
Spud and Gang,

Platform question???

Very nice system...I'am very interested in using the system  and have been

learning and trading it in my demo account at "oanda".

I'am new to forex however I used to trade the e-mini-dow.  I was

doing great entil the "rope system"?

Question... what trading platform are you using?  I was told to use "Oanda"

but it won't put multiple stochastics indicators together on one chart

to make the rope system.  So I am thinking that I need to change

brokers/platforms but not sure which one to use so I can demo the

rope system so were all on the same page?  What broker/platforms do you

suggest that I use so I can demo/trade these different systems?

Thanks everyone!!!  Nice meeting you...

snarlyjack

--- 帖子 #706 ---
Oh that one. I would've taken it.  We'll get another shot at those kinds I'm sure.

--- 帖子 #707 ---
15m close is 1 minute away but the 5m is quite low...

what are your thoughts? is this still worth taking?

--- 帖子 #708 ---
Interbank FX will let you download a demo MT4 with play money, no problem
www.interbankfx.com

am I allowed to put that link there???

I own no stock in interbank FX

--- 帖子 #709 ---
the m1 is also bottomed, so its a big scary.

...sweet, just nabbed 10 pips!  retracements are pretty predictable plus the m5/m15 trigger opened the door.

--- 帖子 #710 ---
I just jumped in for a quick +25 pips and got out. I'm not sure what's happening. Is there some news out today?

--- 帖子 #711 ---
I'm gonna wait to see if the 5M cycles back to the top and drops to bring the 15M/30M down more. Right now it's hitting right at the 10 line below.

--- 帖子 #712 ---
Wow this really looks like art.

--- 帖子 #713 ---
crude oil inventory just came out.

--- 帖子 #714 ---
this is like the mother of all retracements...I should have stayed in longer, but I'll keep what I got.

--- 帖子 #715 ---
Cindy I took that short, actually I'm 70 pips up still going on, if one of black/purple stoch will turn against i'll be out.

--- 帖子 #716 ---
I got out but I'm back in and staying in until we get our "must exit" signal on the M15.

***Edit: I have to get out because I have to attend a meeting. Oh well..good job guys! As long as we're not negative pips!

--- 帖子 #717 ---
Awesome Skyline good stuff

--- 帖子 #718 ---
Nice short skyline, please show us how you close it

thanks

--- 帖子 #719 ---
up 74 pips and counting...

im going to ride this like an escalator to pips since the 5,15,30,1h all crossed 80 and heading down. the 4h started midway but is pointing down, so im looking for several stochs to cross the 20.

--- 帖子 #720 ---
I know that we are working with the 5m (rope), but the 15m looks rather nice itself.  I know that we just experienced some super-volatility, but the 15m looks so clear.

--- 帖子 #721 ---
Thx Guys & Gals

Ok closed at first sign of indecision on rope stoch (black line) that went slightly up (it's not so clear looking at chart) , at the end I racked +84 pips but I'm not sure if this was only lucky , Spud any comment on this trade ?

--- 帖子 #722 ---
I know for some people that are new to The Ways of The Spud that the introduction of other methods is becoming confusing. So i dont want to make it even more complicated, but i think there is something worth mentioning. In Stochastic Elasticity we learned that we get warning signs when stochastics peak higher than previous highs or lower than previous lows. This can be an early indicator of the current trend failing. I felt this is a good tool to understand and have in our arsenal, as it helps predict change.

My short trade just hit the 150 pip mark

--- 帖子 #723 ---
Anyone know how to open those 2 MHTML files in the template file Spud provided earlier?  Or are those to files not to be opened?  Just thought maybe those were some instructions.  One is 'Rope Scalps' and other Rope Trades'.

Thx,

Todd

--- 帖子 #724 ---
WE ARE MAKING $$$$ TODAY!! SPUD WILL BE PROUD

--- 帖子 #725 ---
Good thing u didnt wait for the 5m to cycle back up to the top and come back down. It never looked like it had any intention of doing that!

--- 帖子 #726 ---
Yes JD ! This last trade that is still going down as far as I understand mtf predictive is a textbook trade. I'm looking at the slope and direction of M15/M30 and H1 they are all screaming 'stay in that short !!!' , for sure a trade that could worth around 200 pips , very nice

--- 帖子 #727 ---
Hmmmm what i just said got me to thinking....

We learned that in order for the longer TFS to fall, the shorter ones NEED to go back up and get them. HOWEVER in this case that didnt happen- the shorter tfs went into over sold, and just stayed there as the longer TFS just continued to fall.

How can we discern wether the shorter tfs will stay at the extremeties, or if they will cycle back to the other end to "go get" the longer tfs????

--- 帖子 #728 ---
Thats why we wait for things to get below 80 above 20 and point in our direction

--- 帖子 #729 ---
??? Could you clarify/elaborate?

The way I see it is we want them to cross BELOW 80 and ABOVE 20...or perhaps im totally confused.

--- 帖子 #730 ---
OOps typo sorry above 20 below 80! my bad

--- 帖子 #731 ---
lol ok glad we got that cleared up. imagine how that could mess up a newbie trying to learn this!! hahaha it sent me for a loop for a minute!  lol

--- 帖子 #732 ---
Guys , I opened a new chat room so that we can met there instead of posting all our conversations here and keep this thread more readible.

To use it there's no need to download anything , it is a javascript chat browser.

Here's the link : http://www.chatzy.com/576273330576

Hope to met you all there

--- 帖子 #733 ---
i think the problem with the chat is that its TOO real-time. its hard to keep up with live chat while ur analysing your charts and trading. On the thread, we can check back and reply to specific messages at our own time and pace. Factor in time zones and the fact that ppl trade at different hours and it becomes even harder. Suppose we are analyzing a trade and Spud is sleeping but might have valuable input. In the chat he misses it, but in the thread he can reply when he gets online.

Im willing to try it and particpate, but thats my 2 pips on it.

--- 帖子 #734 ---
Yes I see your point Ayaz, well there's no problem the chat is always available and it's free for all, if you are in an annoying ranging days (as yesterday), from time to time you can jump there for some chit-chat

--- 帖子 #735 ---
Actually I think the problem is the real questions posted in this thread get trashed and burried with rubbish posts (like this one) and so Spud misses them as he's wading through the swamp of meaningless posts (like this one) I know I've had a few burried today

I mean to be brutally honest no one really cares if you just made a quick 20 pips unless you post a chart and explain why , whats the point 3 hours later when the moments passed its not gonna mean a thing to someone reading through the thread.

Just my 2 pips

--- 帖子 #736 ---
I closed my short trade at +114 pips. Altho i could have kept riding the 1h down into oversold, i didnt liek the way the stochs were moving. As a further confirmation, we are repeatedly bouncing off a support line so thats enough for me to get out.

--- 帖子 #737 ---
You do have a valid point there.

--- 帖子 #738 ---
Down move is almost exhausted for right now. Looks like we may have a long setup coming in a couple of hours. Right now scalping the M1/M5 back to the M15 is working pretty good.

--- 帖子 #739 ---
NoLastBar V2..is there anyway to stop it from changing colors? I'll set the stoch color to red and the value of the stoch to yellow. When I close MT4 and then reopen it resets both colors back to yellow again.

--- 帖子 #740 ---
Hi JD , latest version of NoLastBar is v3 http://www.forexfactory.com/attachme...hmentid=170254 where I added a little arrow that calculate difference between latest 2 bars displayed and show arrow accordingly , it could be of some help in case stoch is going quite flat to check whether is up or down.

Speaking about your issue I never experienced something like that , my color remains the same even if I close/reopen the platform.

Question : did you set color from properties StochColor in the input parameters ?

--- 帖子 #741 ---
Hi,

A post to thank all people, spud, skyline, and all others, who are making this post usefull for learning stochastics.

--- 帖子 #742 ---
You're welcome Marko but I think Spud deserve all the merit here !

--- 帖子 #743 ---
Thx,

Yes thanks to master Spud  for the quality of his work and the quality theses explanations !

--- 帖子 #744 ---
Yes, but I think I may have found the problem it's overlaid on top of the other version.

**Edit: Nope that wasn't the problem. I'll just keep working at it.

--- 帖子 #745 ---
I spent a lot of time today on trying to determine the best way to maximize your trading efficiency and explain what I'm about to explain in the clearest most concise way.

Let us pretend for a moment that you never heard of the Rope and Thread Theory because I want to present it with a different perspective based on PMTFS and hopefully to use it to make your trading much more successful. I wouldn't invest the time if I didn't think this important and at first it may seem very confusing but I promise it will make your trading much better.

As a person who likes names, I've decide to call this modification SONIC PMTFS. SONIC is our 25 Stochastic Line Indicator, PMTFS is our M1,M5,M15,M30 (H1,H4,Daily) Stochastics. I'm calling it this because it will be much easier for me to write and refer to what I am talking about.

There is nothing new here, everything is based on everything I've always talked about. What I am doing is melding different perspectives of MTF Stochastics into a single chart. This is simply a modificatin to help you visualize what is going on in the markets and how we can take away the uncertainty in your trades.

Below is a layout of my charts and how I will refer to them.

Price Indicator is simply M5 Price in candlesticks.

Sonic Indicator is our 25 Stochastic Line Indicator with a 0 to 100% range

PMTFS is our individual time frames %K Stochastics, I'm only using M1,M5,M15 and M30 for now.

I want to talk first about the Sonic Indicator because it has many special features built in. The 100,3,3 purple line is a very important tool. It represents our price scaled from 0% to 100%. When price is near 0% or 100% it is at its limit. Price will never go higher above 100% and never lower below 0%. Before price can go higher after reaching 100% it must drop first...for price to go lower after reaching 0% it must climb first.

You will also recall that price retracements and moves like to follow Fibonacci. Our 0 to 100% price scale is also a natural Fibonacci indicator. We actually need to add the 76.4% level on our Fib scale to make it universal up and down. I've added level lines on the Sonic Indicator at 23.6, 38.2, 50, 61.8 and 76.4 so you want to see the Fib in action. You can see clearly how before the steep price climb our price line hit the 50% Fib level and that our black (14,3,3) Origin Line hit the 23.6% Fib....ahhh very interesting isn't it.

The "Origin Line" is our 14,3,3 Stochastic. It is the "original", typical Stochastic line setting. More over you will see this Origin Line be the origin of many types of trades...it does so much it is impossible to explain in a few lines.

The blue lines are the 6,1,1; 7,1,1; 8,1,1 to 13,1,1 %K Stochastics. I call these the "Index Channel" because they lead every trade and provide us with our selection of trades to make based on their position. They work together as a group.

The red lines are the 15,1,1 to 24,1,1 %K Stochastics and they represent the "Slow Channel". These work together as a group also. These lines keep our Index Channel honest. In other words, our Index Channel may move away from our Slow Channel but always our Index Channel will return to our Slow Channel.

The Sonic Indicator is a "live" indicator. It is much easier to read live than static like this. You look at the chart below and your mind goes numb. You can trade the Sonic Indicator at any time, in open candles or at closed candles. We can use the Sonic indicator statically at the close of every candle as well...this is how we analyze it and many of the rules I tell you are derived. However, you will see that when it is moving live and with some practice it gives you plenty of signal of what is going on. Think of it like this, our candle price is moving up and down and as the price moves our Sonic indicator changes....we get a picture of what it will look at when the price is here....or what it will look like when the price is there before the candle closes....it is like seeing all the alternatives the candle presents us so we can make much better decisions.

You know PMTFS and believe me with the Sonic Indicator it will be much easier to figure out when to trade and where you are in a trade.

I promised a few post back I wouldn't get wordy on the theory....and here is more theory behind how this all works. So, that's it! I'm done with wordy theory. Now we'll get rolling visually.

--- 帖子 #746 ---
Thanks Spud I'm all eyes!

--- 帖子 #747 ---
Same chart but let's look at it as a trade.

Start with the PMTFS Indicators....

M1 hit 90 and crossed down below M5

M5 Short Trigger is hit (but not validated by M15)

M5 is above M15, M15 is above M30

For M30 to rise, M1,M5 and M15 must fall.

Now the Sonic Indicator.....

The vertical red line is where our PMTFS Indicators are.

Our Index and Slow Channel has converged and hit 100% about 5 mins earlier

Our Price is at 92% and is past the peak made by our Index and Slow Channels

Our Index and Slow Channels have crossed DOWN past the Price and Origin Lines

There is separation in order from top down Price, Origin and Channels

This is a SHORT entry.

--- 帖子 #748 ---
Sweet, love the concept of having it all wrapped up onto one screen.  Can't wait to see more and get it into action.  Is it possible to get the template please?

Thanks again for all of the great stuff you post here at FF!

J

--- 帖子 #749 ---
Our Origin Line has hit the first Fib line.....

M1 is below 10

M5 has crossed down below M15

M5 Short Trigger is still not valid

Our Sonic Indicator Price, Origin and Channels still maintain separation and proper order.

Our Index Channels are leading down.

Stay SHORT.

--- 帖子 #750 ---
Added template to post #749

--- 帖子 #751 ---
Thank you, thank you!

--- 帖子 #752 ---
Price Line hits first Fib

Origin Line hits second Fib

Look where M1 is...below 10 again....see a pattern Fibs hit to M1 < 10 kinda interesting isn't it?

M5 still pointed down

M15 crossed 80 down (escalator start ?)

Sonic Index Channel down and converging at 10..leading the down..we expect the Index Channel (blue) to want to bounce up soon to our Slow Channel (red)

Price Line, Origin Line Channel Line still in down trend order.

Stay Short...hoping for oversold market.

--- 帖子 #753 ---
Price Line hits 2nd Fib

Origin Line hits 5th Fib

M1 is climbing and crossed up past M5

M5 has crossed 20, we are not in an oversold market here

M15 is still headed down

Index Channel has bounced up starting to touch Slow Channel

Slow Channel has climbed over Origin Line

Origin Line is still below Price Line

Options:

Wait for M1 to climb to top and see how M5 responds

See if Index Channel bounces down from Origin Line or crosses up

Exit Short

We have only warning signs that our Short may be near exhaustion here.  A cautious move is to exit.  We've made 15 PIPS, our Origin is getting pretty low, M1 is going to climb...we are likely just going to reduce our 15 PIPS if we stay in.

M5 could go oversold and M1 could climb and fall bringing M15 down.  We have 15 PIPS to play with to see if we can make more.  Move the S/L to breakeven and let's see what happens.

--- 帖子 #754 ---
M1 is over 90 and M5 has moved up, this kills our oversold market.

Our channels are moving up on the Sonic Indicator and an upward spread is forming between the channels and the Origin Line.

Price Line is flat on 61.8 Fib

We have 15 PIPS in hand, time to exit. M1 can go over bought and draw up M5. Our Short is no longer supported. We don't have a valid Long M5 trigger , but this is too risky with only 15 PIPs in our pocket to ride.

Exit.

--- 帖子 #755 ---
Hi Spud,

What do you think, is there a possible escalator long building right now as I type this?

--- 帖子 #756 ---
Here's a tricky one.

M1 has peaked below 10 and is climbing (above 20)

M5 has peaked below 10 and is climbing (above 20)

Sonic Indicator Channels are converged together and have climbed past Origin Line. (we would only take this as a long signal with our PMTFS supporting a long).

Origin Line hit 23.6 FIB again. Be nicer if Price line hit 50 Fib..darn close.

We know convergence of channels on Sonic indicator will pull price up. We are past the bottom peak of the convergence. Dangers are that Price Line and Origin Line are headed down still. However, we can ride at least M1 up and probably M5 up some degree. Our risk to lose pips is low, enter Long or wait for next candle.

--- 帖子 #757 ---
It isn't there yet.  M15 should dip below 20 and be climbing up past 20

M1 should have hit bottom and be climbing...M1 is going to likely fall first.

M5 would be fine if M15 was in right spot.

M30 should be headed down or at bottom.

--- 帖子 #758 ---
M1 hasn't peaked and M5 is likely headed to cross 80 up. Good chance we get an over bought market here.

Sonci Indicator Channels have crossed Price Line.

Price Line has risen to 61.8 Fib

Origin Line has climbed past 38.2

Convergence in Channels

Separation narrowing between Price Line and Origin Line

Separation from Channels and Price Line

Index Channel leading up

This is a Long entry hoping for an overbought market. It is probably good for at least a 1 Fib ride..so we will re-asses when Price Line hits 76.4 or Origin Line hits 50 or 61.8.

--- 帖子 #759 ---
THANK YOU SPUD

i ll pass all the week end reading all the thread from the beigining

i ll never get enough of your posts its amazing how you make us discover a new world of stochastic behavior

i hope one day i ll be a trader like you are

i am ready to keep learning and practicing for months if thats what it takes to be an excellent trader

thank you

--- 帖子 #760 ---
M1 and M5 stayed well above 90 so why leave.

M15 is climbing

It isn't until our M1 dives below 80, our Channels on the Sonic Indicator cross down below the Price Line and Origin Line that we hit the exit button.

You can see a dip in the Channels across the Price and Origin Line about 10 mins earlier but M1 and M5 were still above 90...so we stick with our PMTFS.

This by the way is a SHORT entry as well. You can see it is early and we get some trouble ...but I'll demonstrate what happens on my next series.

Did you notice our charts read the news. That's 100+ pips.

--- 帖子 #761 ---
Thanks Spud for the clarity of your post , i'm reading you with attention.

--- 帖子 #762 ---
So does this mean that we now enter even if we have an invalid trigger?

--- 帖子 #763 ---
Hey all we're in this chat all is welcome http://www.chatzy.com/576273330576

--- 帖子 #764 ---
[quote=CindyXXXX;2364691]Hey all we're in this chat all is welcome http://www.chatzy.com/576273330576[/quote]

Unfortunately, I cannot access this link during working hours because of our corporate firewall/filter.

--- 帖子 #765 ---
Dam JD was wondering where you were... Would be great to have your input in the room

Here is a short we just took....

--- 帖子 #766 ---
[quote=jdcompute;2364814]
change workplace

--- 帖子 #767 ---
Hi Spud just wondering if the red arrows in the "Sonic" stoch chart here are valid scalps?

When you explained it a few pages back you mentioned something about waiting for the wall to form...

Not sure exactly what you mean by that as I thought the wall was more associated with the rope (when its tight)

Cheers

--- 帖子 #768 ---
[quote=skyline;2364942]
One of these old days   I'll be trading full time and that will be just perfect!

--- 帖子 #769 ---
I missed that one. How many pips was that one worth?

--- 帖子 #770 ---
40 - 70 pips depending on the exit

--- 帖子 #771 ---
Yeahhhh !

--- 帖子 #772 ---
Anyone looking at a potential trade setup?

--- 帖子 #773 ---
Hi guys

where can I find the stochastic no last bar indicator?

thanks

--- 帖子 #774 ---
Not right now JD the ropes all messed up trying to get a feel for this scalping method - just watching..

--- 帖子 #775 ---
Heres the latest update from Skyline

--- 帖子 #776 ---
Same here. I'm not sure if we'll be seeing a move up or down. Just waiting.

--- 帖子 #777 ---
thanks

--- 帖子 #778 ---
Hi...

I liked the idea being followed... I am trying to implement it in a demo account. However.... I wanted to put things together on one chart so I made this indicator... it may or may not have already been made by someone.

This is an indicator to show the different stochastics of different time frames (1M to 1Day) on the same chart... You can select the ones you do not want to show. I decided to make it in order to have all indicators on one chart instead of having several chart windows open at the same time... this can help if you want to display the same setup for different currencies at the same time...

the tricky part is keeping in mind that the different lines represent different time frames and hence the 4H line represents might be showing the movement for the whole week while the 1M line may only show one or two hours...

Regards

--- 帖子 #779 ---
I prefer to see the peaks above 80 or higher (or below 20).

--- 帖子 #780 ---
I guys I want to show a trade I'm on +113 pips now, I entered few hours ago on the cross of purple and black line

I'm new to this strategy, and I should be probably out of this trade from a while but I was impressed by the nice entry price I got..

--- 帖子 #781 ---
Entering tardes is fairly easy, exiting is far more the challenge.

One way to pick a trade apart is to play it one Fib level at a time.

The chart below is an example of this. Let's start with our entry.

Sonic Indicator:

Channels converged and went down through the Origin and Price Line.

Price Line is high, so if I am wrong the losses are minimal.

Our target is the first Fib (1) at 76.4%....this requires an 8% drop in the Price Line which is at 84%.

PMTFS Indicators:

M1 is below M5 and I am "anticipating" that M5 will cross M15 down. I look at it this way, with the Price Line at 84%, I have a 16% chance of failure and an 84% chance of success. I believe that to be true because of the positions of the stochastics, the Sonic Indicator and that a price fluctuation down to the 76.4% line is an inevitable outcome.

Our S/L is Price Line hitting 100%

--- 帖子 #782 ---
We have hit our first Fib and suffered little in draw down through the process. Our S/L stays at 100%. Our target for the Price Line is the the next Fib level down at 61.8%.

We can estimate PIP value by looking at what price was the last time the Price line was at 61.8%...it gives us a rough guideline.

Looking at PMTFS:

M1 is down at 10%..so it may peak and climb or stay oversold.

M5 has crossed M15..which we know is a good sign so we would anticipate the M1 may cycle up and then M5 and M15 will continue down. So short term we expect some retracement in price...what we don't want is a big retracement.  If we are wrong we will likely lose small PIPS. If we are right we will increase our PIPS.

Our Sonic Indicator is a little concerning because the Index Channel is in a typical position where we might think of entering a long scalp. However, our Slow Channel is quite low and converged. We are still in a good short indication here and nothing yet has indicated a reversal otherwise. Again, we know from PMFTS that we expet M1 to climb and our Price Line may move up, but we are anticipating it will not move to our S/L.

--- 帖子 #783 ---
We've now reached the 61.8% Fib (2) with out Price Line....actually we went way by it and are very close t0 the 50% Fib at candle close.

Our S/L is now 76.4% for our Price Line.

We might as well run to 50% Fib since we are so close or exit.

We are in some dangerous looking up moves with both PMFTS and our Sonic. BUT...we have a valid PMFTS Short showing...see our M5 trigger way back there and our M15 pointed down. So, let's run to 50%...we are in profit anyways even if we get stopped....this could be an oversold market happening.

--- 帖子 #784 ---
Our Price Line has hit 50% and not much chances...except we can now set our S/L at 61.8% for our Price Line.

We can exit or we can play by pure PMTFS rules...and that is our M5 has not triggered a Long and our M15 still supports a short.

Sonics has all Channels crosing the Origin Line, so that's as good an exit signal as any with Sonics alone.

At the 50% fib we really are at a 50/50 decision as to whether to pursue this or not. What we don't have are any long trade signals..and if we don't have any long trade signals...why not stay short.

M1 and M5 could easily go down as much as up here...so realy we have more support for our Short since we have no long entry, do we not?

If you are cautious exit, or play with a zero tolerance S/L on the Price Line..and put the S/L at say 55% and try for 38.2%

--- 帖子 #785 ---
With Price Line reaching the 38.2% Fib (4) and our M5 showing a Long Trigger on the PMFTS, it really is a good idea to exit now.

If you want to target the 23.6% Fib, I would set my S/L at 44% (half way between 38.2 and 50) and if the Price Line rises to hit it we are done. In other words, if we continue short, it either goes straight down or we are out.

If we hit 23.6% (5)..than use the same tactic to target 10% or 0% and set the S/L at say 30% where if the Price Line hits that we are out.

PMFTS would tell us we still don't have a valid long yet, so why not try for the short...just be very tight about it.

IMPORTANT! We used PMFTS here to support our continued Short position. Do not simply rely on the Sonic indicator and play Fib to Fib...you'll surely lose. PMFTS has to support you and not counter you. You can "anticipate" what PMFTS will do if it is supportive of your trade...do not anticipate against your trade. If you are worried about your decision tighten your S/L against the Price Line...but not too tight.

--- 帖子 #786 ---
thanks for the education... ..easy to get in system. Out seems a lot harder.

--- 帖子 #787 ---
I was trying to get a grip on all that and now watching it step by step makes it all gel together for me.  Thanks Spud!

--- 帖子 #788 ---
Thanks Spud! Looks like your example chart is actually playing itself out right now as I type this no?

--- 帖子 #789 ---
I was watching this one too but only just realised pretty much since the start of the asian session we have been on an escalator to pips ride long - so I'm thinking we shouldn't be looking short until the 15m and 30m start building down and get under 80, unless its for a very quick scalp.

If I'm wrong I hope someone corrects me

Cheers

--- 帖子 #790 ---
i agree with you cindy

better to wait for 15m and 30 m to be under 80%k

1h is going up things are not clear yet

we need to see 15and 30 leading 1h down

cause we are in an up trend now maybe it is a pause and trend ll go up more

--- 帖子 #791 ---
Thx Spud for your examples

In the quoted text I guess you mean M5 is showing a Long Trigger instead of a Short trigger (M5 is below 10%) , isn't it ?

Cheers,

Skyline

--- 帖子 #792 ---
Thanks Spud, nice explanation, very usefull

--- 帖子 #793 ---
Good catch   Thx.

--- 帖子 #794 ---
You're welcome Spud , thx to you !

--- 帖子 #795 ---
Hey Spud,

I opened a short trade this morning at 12:02 using the 5m/15m trigger to enter what looked like a forming MTF trade down. The fifteen was closed in my direction below 80 and the 30 was the same. After taking some heat, it went about 15 pips in my direction then did an about face. Currently the 30 and 1 are still closed in my direction but the open candles are against me. My question is (and it may go back to the original MTF trades vs. PMTF trades) should I have exited when I had the MUST exit signal on the 5m/15m setup even though when that happened the longer stochs looked favorable ala the longer MTF trade I was stalking? Thanks!

ps perhaps ignoring the h4 was a bad idea here!

pps perhaps ignoring the news was also a bad idea here!

anyway my original question still stands, thanks!

FW

--- 帖子 #796 ---
Привет Картофан!

--- 帖子 #797 ---
hello!

I have been following this thread for couple weeks now,

and I find it very interesting.

And i would like to ask some of you some questions.

1. What time frame do you guys usually trade? (Opps sorry Wrenski, I meant NY session London Session or Tokyo Session)

2. How much funds do you have in your account?(I have about $600 mini account began with $300)

it will be great to know these, because I am a newbie!!

--- 帖子 #798 ---
1) M5 (5 minute)

2) Not enough, yet. How much do you have in your account?

--- 帖子 #799 ---
You're right, I took my eye off the H1 which was on it's way up.  Turns out it was a little retracement on an escalator ride up.

I'm slowly learning...

--- 帖子 #800 ---
Hey Spud and gang,

Ok, I opened up a demo account at Interbank Fx trader.

So my charts look exactly like yours except for 1 small thing.

I can't seem to get the stochastic indicators 6-1-1 / 25-1-1

for the rope system to overlay onto one chart?

Does anybody have any idea on how to do the overlay the stoch's?

Also, should we put the stoch indicator 100-3-3 on all our

charts for the different time frames that were using in smtf.

Thanks

snarlyjack

--- 帖子 #801 ---
Open the "Navigator" window and it will list all the indicators....add a stochastic to your chart....then drag the stochastic indicator from the Navigator Window to your stochastic indicator on your chart, change perameters, repeat.....or use the template I posted way back.

You can put the 100,3,3 on all your PMTFS.

--- 帖子 #802 ---
Thanks Spud!!!

I appreciate all your help.  I'am on the same page as you are,

so far so good.  Up, up and away...Please keep on teaching

us.  I'am learning from you in Montana, USA.  I think people

from all over the world are learning from you.  Your doing great

and we all appreciate it!

Once again thank you!!!

snarlyjack

--- 帖子 #803 ---
will update if need be

--- 帖子 #804 ---
Your doing a wonderful job Cindy!

--- 帖子 #805 ---
thank you cindy

--- 帖子 #806 ---
i ve a question to spud about the management of the trade itself

when do you move your stop to breakeven? or when to move your stop to a profit ?

for example

if i ve

5m trigger long

price follow in an up move

15m follow the price up - it closed at 20%

but 30 didnt turn up yet

sometimes the move is strong and drags 30m up in the next candle and if we wait for 30 confirmation we would loose the majority of the  move

sometimes the trend fails and 30m doesnt follow and drags 15m down again

how do we protect our trade if it fails back and also leave a room to ride the newborn trend ?

i think thats my problem when i go life

i wish i can express myself in a better way and sorry if my english is poor

thanks spud for all you teaching

--- 帖子 #807 ---
PWC AND IB

Here's the same thing, but perhaps a little more black and white entry and exit strategy.

In this scenerio, we use PMTFS only as confirmation our stochastics are in a support position.

The trade entry and exit is always led by the Peak, Wall, Cross or PWC on the Sonic Indicator. I've identified the 3 PWC's on this chart that occur for this trade. You can see they are clearly identifiable. A PWC is made up of 3 parts:

The Peak - which is simply and abrupt change in direction of the stochastic hitting a low or high extreme on the indicator window. How extreme the peak must be is a matter of acceptable risk. I prefer it in the above 80 or below 20....hitting 100 or 0 is best and anything in the middle between 20/80 is riskier.

The Wall - the wall is a defined line after the peak. In our example below the red channel is defining our wall and travels from the Peak's point to the Price line and/or Origin Line. The wall is simply where we have no stray stochastivc lines spreading past. You might call the wall convergence of our Index and Slow Channels. The wall can be made of the blue Index or red Slow channels. The wall is always on the right side.

The Cross - this is when ALL (or dang near all) our blue Index or Red Slow Channel lines cross the Price Line and or Origin Line...no need to cross both but must cross one. The Cross direction determines Long or Short. We prefer to have Long crosses low (below 25% ideally) and Short crosses high (above 75%).

What the PWC looks like on the Sonic Chart is simply a very well defined converged peak of red and blue lines and shortly after a crossing o the Origin and/or Price Line....and that is all you really need to see.

The entry (and Must Exit) is at the Inner Bar (IB) that follows the PWC (or occurs at the same time). You will find many crosses occuring when an IB is formed. We enter at close of IB candle (and Must Exit).

The Stop Loss is quite tight at 10 PIPS below the low of the IB...you can use a larger or smaller S/L (5-20 below the low). You'd use the IB high and go above the high for a short trade. 10 pips below the low or above the high of the IB is a nice compromise on the M5 and will keep you in most trades.

In the middle of the trade, after our entry on the chart below are 2 IB's. Notice the first is another long entry indicator...PWC and IB...we stay long and adjust our S/L to meet this new signal. The second IB is a false signal....because we did not have a PWC (short) prior to it...stay long. The PWC is an IB filter and havinf the PWC occur before (never after) the IB is confirmation an IB is valid. (PWC and IB can occur at the same time...almost always you will see a peak and wall before the cross and IB).

Our exit is a little tricky as an example because we can see the PWC at the exit IB...but in a live trade you would not see the PWC yet where the IB is. The validating PWC for us on the Must Exit occurs before th IB about 15 minutes earlier. It is a Short PWC and as such the IB signals a Short entry and Must Exit for our long trade.

This system is highly successful in terms of identifying entry and Must Exit. Where your challenge is is optimizing your exit for greatest PIPS. There are several exit options:

1. Long Entry to Short Entry (Must Exit) - easily identified but not always maximum PIPS

2. Targeted PIPS - use the reverse PIP range of your S/L and make this a 1:1 trade

3. Fibonacci from entry

4. Any IB - exit on any IB after entry

5. PMTFS, exit on M5 trigger points

This strategy demands attention and being at your computer...if have to watch for the PWC and the IB...the secret is to know which PWC is your active PWC and clearly identifying it. In this exmple if you look at our Exit PWC and exit IB there is a small , kinda looks like a PWC and upward cross of our stochastics......this is not a PWC...PWC look well defined and are extremely clear....don't overthink what you see.

This sytem plays every hill and valley in a trend, so it can be quite fun. If you are a PIP sniper you will love this. If you are trend trader you probably should try it on the M15,M30 but with much larger S/L.

Pips usually range from 5-40 PIPS a trade...many will be 10 and under. You can play this with multiple lots.....set an exit at Must Exit and an exit at 10 PIPS or first IB.

Programmers: If there is a way to identify and alert on the PWC this would be of great benefit for some I think.

If your winning % and PIPS are high, don't be afraid to grow your S/L. For example if you are up 100 PIPS with a 80% win rate, then add 10 PIPs to your S/L and see what your win % to PIPS are..tighten if it you get stopped.

--- 帖子 #808 ---
Spud,

I noticed that you have changed your M5 stoch settings, and as far as i see you have changed the some rope setting too, could you please give us an updated template or the new stochastic settings.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #809 ---
Apologies, the M5 was incorrect it should be 14,1,1...I've updated the chart.

--- 帖子 #810 ---
Hi Spud thx again for this new lesson

Looking at your last example your first long entry at 14:05 is when price stoch (purple line) is very high instead to be as supposed below 10%. So my doubt is : wasn't a rule that we want to enter only when price reach it's extreme (long below 10% and short above 90%) as you said in your former sonic lesson ? So in my understanding I wouldn't entered long at 14:05 and I would only had taken the short later (price stoch is above 90%) at 15:35, isn't that right ?

Cheers,

Skyline

--- 帖子 #811 ---
Good question and observation. We've added a couple of elements here that add more opportunity.....or different opportunities. Certainly you could play it under those rules only. With the use of the IB and a tighter stop we have good opportunity. This is actualy an elastic trade...since the 14,3,3 is likely to rise up so that the 100,3,3 can come down. With a PWC & IB signal we expect some sort of movement. We also have an exit for this case...since the 14,3,3 may not go all the way up and we need to know where to exit so that we don't get caught in an overmarket. So, in this case with this indicator setup, yes we can trade it. Obviously the more spread between the 14,3,3 and 100,3,3 the better in this case and ideally our original rules are the "best" or safer trades.

Here's a sample at the 61.8 Fib:

--- 帖子 #812 ---
Spud, just to be sure on the inner bar or IB you mentioned. Is that a bar which is completely within the range of the preceding bar?

Thanks/Harry

--- 帖子 #813 ---
Yes...or equal too.

--- 帖子 #814 ---
I'm posting my normal "coloured" charts as my eyes are starting to suffer from retina burn with the white background....which I only use for the benefit of printing.  Hope you don't mind.

--- 帖子 #815 ---
And an example of why we want spread between our Origin and Price Lines or our Origin/Price line at an extreme...otherwise you might see a stop loss like teh chart below.  Risky setups like the last 2 charts ...sometimes they work and sometimes they don't far more often then using the extremes.

--- 帖子 #816 ---
I found this IB indicator that may be useful to help you see the IBs easier with different colors. I set the number of previous bars to 1.

--- 帖子 #817 ---
i started to reread the thread again for better understanding

i ve a question about the fish hook patern

can we ve a fish hook before a valid entry?

you said :
If we get a valid short entry after this fish hook, or in the hook it is a very good sign

thanks spud

--- 帖子 #818 ---
Ok I see Spud thx !

So the pwc/ib is just another trading tool that give us more opportunity with more or less risk degree depending on the spread and position of origin/price stoch line. I like it and I think it could be applied in those boring ranging days where the normal setup cannot be applied , just to grab some nice pips

Cheers,

Skyline

--- 帖子 #819 ---
I am looking foward to try this method. IB trading by itself is a powerful weapon. Now with the PWC added, it must be very awesome. Thanks Spud for sharing so generously.

Harry

--- 帖子 #820 ---
Thanks very much Spud for the latest examples I can't wait to try it also - very cool

Just one thing - in all of your latest examples when you have gone short the PMTFS have been lined up with the 5 above the 15, the 15 above the 30 and the opposite with longs ... I know this is what you were showing us with the balls etc.

Is it crucial to have the stochs lined up this way for a valid entry or as per the diagram below?

Thanks again

--- 帖子 #821 ---
There are many many formations of the stochastics.  The idea of the balls was to recognize how they move.  For example, when M15 and M30 (and even H1,H4 and daily) are all down or headed down...and M1 and M5 are down...then it will be M1 and M5 that will rise first and this is what we klook for.  Conversely if M15-Daily are all up, and M1 and M5 are down then more often than not M1 and M5 will move up (repeatedly) to bring the M15 down..then the M1,M5 and M15 have to cycle to bring the M30 down and so on.

The Sonic indicator is simly a broad overview of all this and if you watch it live with your PMTFS indicators you will see how much information the Sonic provides to you.  However, in reality...we are still playing with the balls it is just represented differently.

--- 帖子 #822 ---
You can say it like that.  I think you have a few more tools in your arsenal with PMTFS to be able to pick off trades with close Origin and Price Line spreads...but in the realm of trying to pick trades that are safe and that will make you PIPS in a dependable way, then being picky and trading only the extremes is a good way to start.

--- 帖子 #823 ---
Yes.

--- 帖子 #824 ---
Spud,

Can we talk about the price line and orgin line for a second?

Just to clarify my mind, the price line is stoch 100-3-3 and

the orgin line is stoch 14-3-3?

So when you talk about the "cross" your talking about the

stoch's crossing through the 14-3-3 (orgin line) as establishing a long/short

position.  Or,  the cross of the 100-3-3 (price line) when the

stoch's cross to establish our long/short positions?  Or the cross

of both?

One other question please?  On my stoch on the m1,m15 and m30

(14-3-3) my stoch have the duel line cross (red/blue line) not

the single line that your stoch 14-3-3 has.  I have no idea why?

MY 14-1-1 has the single line like yours but the 14-3-3 has duel

lines.  Any idea what I'am doing wrong?

thanks

snarlyjack

--- 帖子 #825 ---
The cross....is the 6,1,1 to 13,1,1 (blue) and 15,1,1 to 24,1,1 (red) across the Price Linee (100,3,3) or the Origin Line (14,3,3)//or both...and/or the Origin and red/blue lines crossing the Price Line.

Re: stock...check your colours and select none for the %D.

--- 帖子 #826 ---
Thanks Spud,

Currently the price line (100-3-3) is very high on the m5, close to

the 85/90 line on the stochs.  So currently,  would we be looking for a short

position just because the 100-3-3 is so high up on the chart?

I also see the m1, m5, m15 turning down but the m30 is still pointing up.

So no short position yet, but maybe soon?

thanks

snarlyjack

--- 帖子 #827 ---
Yes, with Price so high we want to go short...looking a little overbought right now..so looks like a wait.  Just wait for the signals and then go short...should be a good ride when it comes.

--- 帖子 #828 ---
Thanks Spud,

I'am watching and learning.  It's coming together and

making sense.

Once again...Thanks...

snarlyjack

--- 帖子 #829 ---
Took a pic of this one while waiting for the short (didn't actually take it unfortunatly) But a nice elastic 15 pip scalp all the same...

Edit: Did I say 15? (it went 50+)

--- 帖子 #830 ---
Went short here and after a shaky start closed at +11 pips. I should ve held it though right now its at +40 oh well. 11 pips is a nice start to the day for me.

--- 帖子 #831 ---
Good start Cindy !

--- 帖子 #832 ---
Thanks - it ended up the nice escalator that we were expecting, so probebly stupid thing to close it there or to not jump back in - live and learn eh

--- 帖子 #833 ---
hi all,

this thread (especially the beginning) is very interesting. As I'm new to MTF Stochastics I wanted to ask if any of you did more extensive experiements with using only M5/M15 Xover as Entry.

regards MJ

I'm using OANDA so most of the extra tools for MT4 are not applicable.

--- 帖子 #834 ---
hi skyline and all others,

As I'm interested in automatic trading systemsa question: did you (anyone) make any real process in programming Spudfyre's trading approaches?

if so would you mind sharing your current state of thought, calculation ....

Thanks and good trading to you.

MJ

--- 帖子 #835 ---
I'm no programmer but it sounds like a crazy task to me - theres so many variables  that I'd think you'd be better off trading this manually. as  I said though I'm no programmer

--- 帖子 #836 ---
Hi MJ,

I didn't automatize yet spud's stoch trading system with an EA but there are some indicators developed by me and other coders here that could help in your manual trading.

Cheers,

Skyline

--- 帖子 #837 ---
i think its  impossible to make an expert  for the system cause it depends on the brain indicator

--- 帖子 #838 ---
lol brain indicator i like that - i agree

--- 帖子 #839 ---
Thanks Skyline. Well EA's are not too useful for me as I'm using OANDA as my Broker/MM.

I'm using an own developed API/System - so I also do not have all the fancy indicators. (I have to program each one myself)

Anyway - I would be very interested implement Spudfyre's approach as a fully automatic system.

At the moment I'm talking about 2 parts of it.

FIRST: Escalator to Pip as outlined in Spudfyre's Escalator to Pips.pdf

I actually implemented this already which I'm testing in 10 Demo accounts since yesterday.TEST_EscalatorToPips_EURUSD_AUDUSD_EURJPY_AUDJPY_15MinExitFrame

TEST_EscalatorToPips_EURUSD_AUDUSD_EURJPY_AUDJPY_30MinExitFrame

TEST_EscalatorToPips_EURUSD_Settings1_30MinExitFrame

TEST_EscalatorToPips_EURUSD_Settings2_30MinExitFrame

TEST_EscalatorToPips_EURUSD_USDCAD_AUDJPY_GBPCHF_EURGBP_CHFJPY_NZDUSD_EURAUD_15MinExitFrame

TEST_EscalatorToPips_EURUSD_USDCAD_AUDJPY_GBPCHF_EURGBP_CHFJPY_NZDUSD_EURAUD_1HourExitFrame

TEST_EscalatorToPips_EURUSD_USDCAD_AUDJPY_GBPCHF_EURGBP_CHFJPY_NZDUSD_EURAUD_30MinExitFrame

TEST_EscalatorToPips_GBPJPY_15MinExitFrame

TEST_EscalatorToPips_GBPJPY_1HourExitFrame

TEST_EscalatorToPips_GBPJPY_30MinExitFrame
- but properly it needs some adjustments as I got quite a number of losers.

I will try to post a pic later.

SECOND: Predictive MTF Stochastics as outlined by Spudfyre in the beginning of this thread

Current thought: split it in different possible trading BOTS.

1. PredictiveMTFStochasticsSimpleCross: I'm in the process to implement (properly today)

based on M5/M15 Xover Indicator by Spudfyre

2. PredictiveMTFStochastics:based on the beginning of this thread

any ideas of parameters or such are welcomed (also brain indicators ;-)

regards MJ

--- 帖子 #840 ---
Hey MJ

Nice work with the programming just a suggestion though - perhaps you could create a thread in programming disussion to discuss this idea so as not to clutter the thread too much - just an idea

Cheers -

--- 帖子 #841 ---
Escalator to Pip autmatic trading: at the moment problem to adjust (which is easily done)

I used strictly the rule:

3. Long trades are entered when all 4 time frame stochastics are moving

upwards and the solid lines are all above 20.

(I use only above > 20)

4.  Short trades are entered when all 4 time frame stochastics are moving

downwards and the solid lines are all below or at 80.

(I use only below < 80)

The problem I found a few times is: as we look only at the past closed Candles - when the Trade is entered we might have already moved on.

Maybe some extra hints to my implemented Parameters: this is the AUD/USD config part of my:'TEST_EscalatorToPips_EURUSD_AUDUSD_EURJPY_AUDJPY_15MinExitFrame'

{"Pair" : "AUD/USD",

"WeightInBasketPercentage" : 25,

"ExitTriggerFrame" : "15Min",  # MUST BE '15Min', '30Min', or '1Hour'  - we exit a Trade when the Stochastic of that Frame reaches: For Long 80 and for Short 20

"ForEnterMinDistances15MinFrame" :15,  # MUST BE LESS THAN 60. if you do not want to have an effect use 0.  ATTENTION: THIS ARE NOT PIPS: For LONG this is the difference to the 80 for Short Distance to the 20 Stochastic number

"ForEnterMinDistances30MinFrame" :10,  # MUST BE LESS THAN 60. if you do not want to have an effect use 0.  ATTENTION: THIS ARE NOT PIPS: For LONG this is the difference to the 80 for Short Distance to the 20 Stochastic number

"ForEnterMinDistances1HourFrame" :10,  # MUST BE LESS THAN 60. if you do not want to have an effect use 0.  ATTENTION: THIS ARE NOT PIPS: For LONG this is the difference to the 80 for Short Distance to the 20 Stochastic number

"ExecutionPriceHighLow_PriceLimitInPIPs" : 8,  # None or the pips we want to set to avoid slippage

"StopLossInPips" : 100,

},

would love to hear from others with some more experience which settings they would suggest.

regards MJ

Below two trades which shows that:

--- 帖子 #842 ---
From experience of backtesting of Spud`s original PMTFS

(I`ve done about 100trades)

These are what I found.

( These backtesting is from May and June during Asian/London Session)

1. simple 5m/15m Entry / Exit at Must Exit Point mechanically

- about 45% w/l ratio

- but still profitable (average 6pips per trade)

2. exclude trade which no other TF (30M 1H 4H) agree

- about 60% w/l ratio

- average 10pips per trade

3. exclude trade which 15m is started at middle (30 50 60)

- not exactly but more profitable than No.1

I think some useful parameters can be

- choice of 30M 1H 4H TF agreement (independently)

- choice of where 15M start from

- choice of each TF`s position user want to exclude (ex:15M over 20 etc..)

- few method which can identify twitches on 15M stoch

(I think agreement of other TFs are good method to do that)

- Fixed TP and SL

- choice option of Take Profit Point at each 5m trigger candle

(in my backtest, aiming 10th trigger was best result)

Also I`m doing some backtest with 5m cross 15m method.

- I enter trade when 5m is closed under/above 15m when 15m and 5m is on same direction

- SL : Swing High or Low, Fixed SL, Fixed amount of Pips on Signal

candle`s high and low

- TP : Fixed TP, 1:1 TP, use Average True Range (X) for TP

Since I have no knowledge on programming, I just try to make rules and Filtering through manual backtesting. I found this is very valuable to understand MTF mechnism.

But I found it`s very difficult to do trade mechnically for forward testing because of time consuming (some trade takes 7Hours only for 8pips profit ;p)

Automatic method (maybe EA?) for backtest purpose can be very good for understanding and analysing which situation can be whipsaw and which one is not.

I hope this can help

also you undertand my bad english

--- 帖子 #843 ---
hi deepermind,

very kind of you to reply.

1. did you tested this only when 5 and 15 where in the same direction from Spudfyre's screenshot I thought he did not mind.

2. what is your results so far for the backtest with 5m cross 15m method ?

MJ

--- 帖子 #844 ---
1. I think 5m/15m same direction gives safer tade. It`s just my guess.

2. I haven`t taken enough backtest trade, so no result yet.

but I found a lot of good trade setup for all day long.

Problem is Which SL / TP strategy I should take since I like to use tight

SL for just 10pips profit for a day.

--- 帖子 #845 ---
Looking to go short unless some news comes along and messes it up  Thanks Spud for your explanation. I'm out of town this week so I am limited on how much trading I can get done but best of luck to the Spud team!

***EDIT:  Can't attach the chart for some reason.

--- 帖子 #846 ---
No problem on the chart....we're all looking and waiting on the same thing.

--- 帖子 #847 ---
today's range is already 300+ pips!  Did anyone manage to catch this train when it left around 5am?  Just curious.  As usual, I was asleep during the good trade

--- 帖子 #848 ---
Hey JD

Here ya go...

--- 帖子 #849 ---
Not me Weasal - there was a fantastic entry where the 30 and 15 crossed above 20 at exactly the same time - I didnt take it cause the rope looked all messed up on the 5m chart but 200 pips later I looked at the rope on the 15m chart at that time and it would have line up perfectly...

--- 帖子 #850 ---
Is anyone still trading just the 5m PMTF stochs without ropes or sonics and being profitable?  Things seem to be getting very very complicated and hard to follow.  Why not just take the 5/15 signals when at least the 30 is in your direction??? should be profitable, yes?

--- 帖子 #851 ---
I think there are some components that can fit well into the EA format that rinfg the alarm bells in our head.  Whether we could fully automate and take out our instincts and views of movement will undoubtably cause the worst results of the system.  Having said that, we could certainly try to piece together the different MTFS and PMTFS indentifiers and signal what we are in and what we should trade.  It may be under that process we can define parameters to twiddle with to try and devlop a more automated system.  I've actually been toying with that on a simpler scale with which developed my Lab Accident thread but it still needs a few refinements I think...but certainly that is more balck and white.

The Escalator to Pips is a graduated occurance and typically it can start with M1 and m5 going high with M15 and M30 (even H1,H4 and Daily) very low or even well below 20.  The best case scenerio is when each earlier time frame starts to go in an overbought market and the longer time frames are sucked up to the top....a glorious experience.  I think this is very very difficult to transform into an EA since there are so many judgements required along the way to stay in the trade.

The M5/M15 or M1/M5 crossover is much better for EA'ing.  Here we can define say that we need the 100,3,3 stochastic to be above 85 or below 15 (variable to test) and the crossover in the right direction.  Or that the 14,3,3 is below 10% (variable) and price above 90% (variable) and trade the M5/M15 crossover to get the 14,3,3 stoch to move to the 100,3,3.

In itself the M5/M15 crossover is quite a good tool but it does need some filters to go with it...what the best filters are is where the EA would be most helpful.  Creating an EA with a wide variety of filters like the one in the above paragraph can certainly be tweaked on a whole host of different stochastic properties.

I may simply workout that if we have a chart full of MTF conditions (say M5 crossing M15 at xx%, 100,3,3 at xx%,  all MTF stochastic levels last crossed 20 or 80, 14,3,3 stochastc at xx%, index channel 6,1,1,to 13,1,1 spread or converged..peaked when and where, 15,1,1 to 24,1,1 spread or converged peaked when and where, and so on and so forth)...this type of one screen knowledge would probably lead us to better define an EA overall...with some work   I'm sure many of you have detected or found certain Stochastic indications that work for you best or have modified what I have done to fit more black and what trade decisions..these can beexamined and added as well.

Obviously a dauniting proposition, but I'm certainly willing to spend time working through each parameter if someone(s) is willing to suffer and program it.  As well as having people who use the systems to throw in their findings and advice.

--- 帖子 #852 ---
I would agree that I can sometimes run on many tangents.  I have and will continue to work on simplifying a single solution that can carry us into profitability.  You have to remember this is my mind on paper and the many ways I use Stochastics....I also try and present the same ideas in different visual forms so that those that don't see it one way might see it the otherw ay.  As such, what you see as many different "systems" or strategies are in their root foundation all the exact same thing in how the stochastics move together.  I take the approach that you will likely pick one you like and understand; and use it...or even combine a few.  Some sytems will work better than others for some because they simply can "see" it much clearer one way than the other.

That being said, I'm sure there is one simple way of presenting this in one system that still eludes me and I will find it eventually.

--- 帖子 #853 ---
thanks for the answer spud.

for me I need to keep it simple, like the 5m trigger/15m entry but would like to up the odds.  Perhaps the 100 stoch above 85 below 15, etch or some other simple indicator to say this is a good time to go with the setup.

thanks for the heaps of time you invest in us total strangers, we all really appreciate it!

FW

--- 帖子 #854 ---
Excellent post!  I believe that a lot of people needed to hear this. It is pretty difficult to grasp all the various methods presented, but if you find one or some that you are comfortable with, then its best to stick with it. I know i was quite comfortable with your past teachings, but when "new" methods come out, I desperately want to learn them because I feel like they may be better than the old ones.   Then I just started to become confused and overwhelmed, but I now know that theyre all the same theory, with different methods of application.

--- 帖子 #855 ---
hi Spudfyre,

I just came across your threads a week ago or so. I have to say I'm very much impressed with the way you are looking at Stochastics and especially impressed for such a good and clear presentation of it.

you presented it from many angles (which I like but like some others find sometimes just too much).

I'm very keen on automating it and would dare to partially disagree with your statement:
In one way you are surely right - that nothing can replace the 'brain indicator' ;-)  But watching the charts a long time - maybe even a number of Pairs for the best enter and exit points  over long hours might also cause a 'brain indicator misjudgement ;-)

And personally I believe one of the great benefit of implementing an automatic version is: One has to think about why we interpret our instincts and views of movement in a particular way and which decision we make.

I decided already to implement it into my automatic system - as I'm very fond of your thoughts -

so I surely would love to work more closely with you (and all others) about parameters and so on.

as I said before: I use OANDA and have an own API/System so I would not program EAs.

hope this is not a stumbling block for a working together in defining clear cut working rules based on your systems.

thanks so much for sharing

MJ

--- 帖子 #856 ---
I have been reading the different threads from Spud (and there are a few..) from beginning to end, some several times. There is so much valuable information it was impossible to catch everything the first time.

Anyway, thanks a lot to Spud for all his teaching and the hours spent in exlplaining and guiding us!

I wanted to share some experience I am having trying to combine different tools spud presented. To me it looks that I am getting the best picture and the most gain if I combine the sonic indicated together with the 5/15 cross indicator plus having the different stochs from 1min to 30min also on my screen. As you can see from my screenshot I am looking at EU and EY at the same time, just experimenting.

--- 帖子 #857 ---
I try to backtest every single situation with as many different situation as I can see, even I`m sure that trade will be bad.

This kind of study gave me much confidence and understanding about Spud`s system.

Actually, I`m fairly new in forex market,and no live account yet.

So, I don`t know I`m doing right way or not.

Please correct me if something wrong in my way of study

--- 帖子 #858 ---
Here's the project, I'm going to put together what I think are the most straightforward approaches to mutli-time frame stochastic trading, in the hopes that we can develop a single chart that will asses our risk of entry, trend, reversals and exit options.

Although the entire chart will probably look like a spagetti factory upon completion, the hope is that we can develop a single indicator that will provide perhaps a simple green/red light for the different MTFS elements like an Escalator to Pips.

How I will approach this is by introducing each combination of elements I think are the most worthwhile to use (and most reliable).  Each combination can be used alone or we can use multiple combinations to help search for example, trends and trend reversals.

For each combination I will work to define specific entries and optional exits.  There is no such thing as a single exit.  We must decide if we are cautious traders looking for 20 PIPs a day or trend chasers trying to hit the 300 PIPer.  Are we Snipers or Surfers?  This is up to you as an individual.  Certainly each exit has a signal and if we are creating an indicator to detect those signals than we will readily see when we have an exit.

Ok, I tend to get wordy so let's just move on and get started with what we have been talking about here for the past while.

--- 帖子 #859 ---
Combination 1 - Crossovers

All Stochastics are %K Only.

M5 Chart

100,3,3 Stochastic as our Price Line

14,3,3 Stochastic as our Origin Line

levels at 76.4% and 23.6%

M5 Chart

14,1,1 stochastic only (hide price)

levels every 10%

M15 Chart

14,3,3 stochastic only (hide price)

levels every 10%

Theory:

Shorter time frame stochastics will cycle more between 0 to 100% than longer term stochastics. Play the 14,3,3 Origin line to lead the 100,3,3 Price line in movement direction when these lines are together or if the Origin Line is spread from the Price Line, that the Origin Line will return to the Price Line. Use the Price and Origin Lines when they have exhausted themselves at the upper and lower limits to minimize down draw. The M5 and M15 Stochastics crossovers are used as a high percentage confirmation of price movement in the direction we want. The levels are used to help protect against over markets or take adavantage of over markets.

Short Entry Options:

1. Origin line has crossed down below Price Line and 76.4% level. Price line must be above 76.4%. M5 must have crossed down below M15. M5 is below 80%. M5 and Origin Line must be pointed down, M15 and Price Line can be pointed in any direction, but better if either or both are pointed down as well.

2. Origin Line is below Price Line, Origin line crosses down below 76.4% and Price is above 76.4%. M5 has crossed down below M15. M5 is below 80%. M5 and Origin Line must be pointed down, M15 and Price Line can be pointed in any direction, but better if either or both are pointed down as well.

3. Price Line is below 23.6%. Origin Line was above 76.4% and has moved down across the 76.4% level. M5 must have crossed down below M15. M5 is below 80%. M5 and Origin Line must be pointed down, M15 and Price Line can be pointed in any direction, but better if either or both are pointed down as well.

Short Exit Options:

1. M5 reaching below 10%

2. Reverse cross of M5 crossing above M15 and M5 pointed up

3. Exit when the Origin price OR Price Line hit 61.8, 50, 38.2, 23.6 or 10% levels. The lower you go the more risk of reversal but more oppoortunity for gain. Use M5 and M15 crosses as your guides, but there may be several reverse crosses along the way. Whatch for direction change of Origin Line.

4. Exit at trageted PIP level..use small PIP levels (5-10) for entry #3 and larger PIP levels (10-30) for entry #1 and #2.

Stop Loss:

Hit or Miss. Use high of close of entry candle or previous entry candle as Stop or add 5-20 PIPS maximum to this. Never exceed 50 Pips. Bring Stop Loss down to break even on 5-10 PIP gain, chase at 50% of gains, never exceed 20 PIPS on the chase always leave yourself profit PIPS once they exceed 10 Pips.

Dangers and Strategies:

Over bought market can reverse against our entry early. Be extremely wary of reverse M5/M15 reverse crossovers until M5 hits below 20%, then M5 over sold is in our favour and look for M15 to go below 20...ride out M5 and even M15 if they are below 20 until they pop over 20. Picking the M5 to pop over 20 is much safer than waiting for M15. Dangers exist early on as you must give trade some room in stops. Don't be afraid to exit and re-enter with small PIP losses..odds are always in your favour that a move will come down and it is a matter of entering on each entry single until the right one takes off. Increase your lot size if you must to recover...just don't go crazy.

Long Entry and Exits are the exact opposite.

Charts show example of Short Entries:

--- 帖子 #860 ---
hi Spudfyre,

Thanks a lot for the start of the Spudfyre's PMTFStochasticsCombinedCrossTrading rules.I'm putting that into an automatic system (properly in a couple of hours).

just one observation at the moment:

Short Entry Options: isn't the 1 and 2 actually the same (at least from the point of enter rules).    or do I have at the moment a brain indicator misconfiguration ;-) and can't see your point.

isn't the only difference that in 1. somewhere in the past  the Origin line has crossed down below Price Line. which in 2. we just ignore - it might have happened or it never happened but we anyway enter a trade.

So basically I think 1. we can ignore and keep only a simplified - refined 2 and 3:

I will but my thought to it:

Don't need that: Origin Line is below Price Line it is implied by: (Origin line crosses down below 76.4% and Price Line is above 76.4%.)

1.

* Origin line just crosses down below 76.4% and Price Line is above 76.4%.
? when do we enter - only straight after it crossed down or also much later (then the cross would become unimportant and the only thing that matters for the Origin line would be below 76.4%)

* M5 has crossed down below M15.

? again the question - must this happening at the same Candle close as the Origin line just crosses down below 76.4%
? or is it only important that the M5 is below M15

M5 is below 80%.
? DO WE NEED THAT: as Origin Line  (14,3,3) lags a bit behind the M5 l(14,1,1) and if I'm correct that the Origin line must just crosses down below 76.4% can we not assume that M5 is even lower than 76.4%

? But maybe it is still important not sure yet. In fast Movements maybe the M5 jumped above 80%  - was just a thought

M5 and Origin Line must be pointed down, M15 and Price Line can be pointed in any direction, but better if either or both are pointed down as well.

2. Price Line is below 23.6%.

Origin Line was above 76.4% and has moved down across the 76.4% level.
? when do we enter - only straight after it crossed down or also much later

if only straight after we could use: Origin line just crosses down below 76.4% (which already implies that it was above)

M5 must have crossed down below M15.
? again the question - must this happening at the same Candle close as the Origin line just crosses down below 76.4%
? or is it only important that the M5 is below M15

M5 is below 80%.
? DO WE NEED THAT: as Origin Line  (14,3,3) lags a bit behind the M5 l(14,1,1) and if I'm correct that the Origin line must just crosses down below 76.4% can we not assume that M5 is even lower than 76.4%

? But maybe it is still important not sure yet. In fast Movements maybe the M5 jumped above 80%  - was just a thought

M5 and Origin Line must be pointed down, M15 and Price Line can be pointed in any direction, but better if either or both are pointed down as well.

##########################################################################################

ACTUALLY if 'Origin line just crosses down below 76.4%' is important - as I suspect from your title (Combination 1 - Crossovers)

we could even simplify it into one rule:

PMTFStochasticsCombinedCrossTrading Short Entry Rule:

* Origin line just crosses down below 76.4% and Price Line is above 76.4% OR Price Line is below 23.6%.

* M5 has crossed down below M15.
? again the question - must this happening at the same Candle close as the Origin line just crosses down below 76.4% then it would be better: (M5 just crosses down below M15.)
? or is it only important that the M5 is below M15

M5 is below 80%.
? DO WE NEED THAT: as Origin Line  (14,3,3) lags a bit behind the M5 l(14,1,1) and if I'm correct that the Origin line must just crosses down below 76.4% can we not assume that M5 is even lower than 76.4%

? But maybe it is still important not sure yet. In fast Movements maybe the M5 jumped above 80%  - was just a thought

M5 and Origin Line must be pointed down, M15 and Price Line can be pointed in any direction, but better if either or both are pointed down as well.
ADDITIONAL QUESTION: For Direction - do you think it is useful to have more then one Candle used for determinate  the direction or would that just lag too much.

Like you, I personally think that most important is a very high success rate entry definition.  (even though the exit time is important for the final profit loss - but as long as we have a successful entry we can always win by trailing a stop loss)

regards MJ

ps: the plain 5/15 cross indicator brought on the EUR/USD over night nearly 3 %  ;-)

--- 帖子 #861 ---
Info for Spudfyre's Stochastic Setup OANDA.

Spudfyre uses most of the time only the %K Line. as on OANDA you can not simple hide the %D line you can use a setting like this:

Spudfyre: only %K (14,3,3 hide the %D line)   -- OANDA: Full Stochastic (14,3,1) - this settings will have the %D line at the exact %K line so it does not disturb.

I did not find any ways to overlay two Stochastic with different settings - if anyone knows how (I'm talking about real overlays like Spudfyre's graphs shows) pleas let me know.

THANKS MJ

--- 帖子 #862 ---
Hi all,

I tried to code latest Crossover method as per Spud's instructions (I hope).

I coded only entry method #1 & #2 , I didn't perform extensive test so please test and report possible issue.

Cheers,

Skyline

--- 帖子 #863 ---
hi Skyline,

did you see a difference in method #1 & #2 ?

anyway want to share with you my approach to it:

PMTFStochasticsCombinedCrossTrading ENTRY RULES::

FOR ANY SHORT OR LONG Entry:
* Price Line is above 76.4% OR Price Line is below 23.6%.
SHORT ENTRY additional required validations:             * Origin Line just crosses down below 76.4%

* M5 just crossed down below M15.

? again the question - must this happening at the same Candle close as the Origin line just crosses down below 76.4%

? or is it only important that the M5 is below M15

M5 is below 80%. M5 and Origin Line must be pointed down, M15 and Price Line can be pointed in any direction, but better if either or both are pointed down as well.
LONG ENTRY additional required validations:             * Origin Line just crosses up above 23.6%.

* M5 just crossed up above M15.

? again the question - must this happening at the same Candle close as the Origin line just crosses up above 23.6%

? or is it only important that the M5 is above M15

M5 is above 20%. M5 and Origin Line must be pointed up, M15 and Price Line can be pointed in any direction, but better if either or both are pointed up as well.

# PROCEDURE

# Set a NewTrigger=True - check all required conditions - if one fails set NewTrigger=False

# Set a NewTriggerDirection= None - if point 2 NewTrigger=True - set the correct NewTriggerDirection

# check for NewTrigger and NewTriggerDirection confirmation for the rest of the required validations

# 1 CHECK  Price Line (100,3,1 Stochastic on M5 Chart):

#   Price Line is above 76.4% OR Price Line is below 23.6%.

#   Plus get: Price Line Direction

# 2 CHECK  Origin Line (14,3,1 Stochastic on M5 Chart):

#   Origin Line just crosses down below 76.4%   OR  Origin Line just crosses up above 23.6%.

#   Plus get: Origin Line Direction

# 3 CHECK M5 (14,1,1 Stochastic on M5 Chart) and M15 (14,3,1 Stochastic on M15 Chart):

#   M5 is below 80% and M5 just crossed down below M15.  OR  M5 is above 20%. and M5 just crossed up above M15

#   Plus get: Price Line  M5 and M15

# 4 CHECK Directions:

# REQUIRED: M5 and Origin Line MUST point into the direction of a possible new trade

# OPTIONAL: M15 and Price Line SHOULD point into the direction of a possible new trade (maybe option for bigger Unit Size as this is a additional confirmation??)

MJ

PS: is there a way to see the code of this .ex4 files ?

--- 帖子 #864 ---
Hi MJ,

I've updated previous post with mq4 file so that you can see the code list. I never coded api for oanda since from what I recall it's quite expensive to use them. I would suggest you if you want to automatize this trading system to use metatrader for this purpouse it's free.

Cheers,

Skyline

--- 帖子 #865 ---
Thanks skyline,

very kind of you. - well I still will stick with my API for OANDA.

I never read an .mq4 file - so I'm not an expert.  Based on the SHORT Entry

I give you some comments.
if (

OriginLine_previous > 76.4 && OriginLine_now < 76.4 &&

PriceLine_previous > 76.4  && PriceLine_now > 76.4  &&

Stoch_M5_now < Stoch_M15_now                        &&

Stoch_M5_now < 80                                   &&

Stoch_M5_previous > Stoch_M5_now                    &&

OriginLine_previous > OriginLine_now                &&

PriceLine_previous > PriceLine_now                  &&

Stoch_M15_previous > Stoch_M15_now

)

Just a thought:

1. OriginLine_previous > 76.4 && OriginLine_now < 76.4 ---- what if the OriginLine_previous is exactly on the 76.4 and moves down: I would include that too.

2. PriceLine_previous > 76.4  && PriceLine_now > 76.4 ---- not sure if it is needed to check for the PriceLine_previous > 76.4 (could not read that out from Spudfyre's writting)

3. Stoch_M5_now < Stoch_M15_now     ----   THIS is actually my main point what  Spudfyre ment. As I read THERE MUST BE a crossing of M5 and M15 at the same Candle as the Crossing of Origin line crosses down below 76.4% - not just below.

4. PriceLine_previous > PriceLine_now       ----   seems to be optional additional confirmation

5. Stoch_M15_previous > Stoch_M15_now    ----   seems to be optional additional confirmation

One extra question: what is the reason you get the: _after variables as you seem not to use it later on: like double Stoch_M15_after

regards MJ

--- 帖子 #866 ---
This is the same for all Short Entries:

M5 must have crossed down below M15.

The crossover can happen at any time, but it must have happened and it still must be true at time of entry.

M5 is below 80%.

This must be true at time of entry.  It doesn't matter if it is at 79.99999% or 1%.

M5 and Origin Line must be pointed down...

This must be true at time of entry.  Down means from the horizontal.  Does slope matter?  Good variable to test?

M15 and Price Line can be pointed in any direction, but better if either or both are pointed down as well.

This is optional at point of entry, but it is a stronger trade if it is true or the trade becomes stronger if it becomes true after our entry.

Origin line has crossed down below 76.4% level. Price line must be above 76.4%.

The Origin Line must be true before or at point of entry.  The Price line must remain above 76.4% at point of entry.  Our M5/M15 rules must be true.  (There is more risk to trade with the Price Line below 76.4% but technically you could still trade it. The lower the Price Line the more draw down is possible.)

Price Line is below 23.6%. Origin Line was above 76.4% and has moved down across the 76.4% level.

The Origin Line must be true before or at point of entry.  The Price line must remain below 23.6% at point of entry.  Our M5/M15 rules must be true.   (Brain Indicator...I generally get worried in a trade where the Price Line crosses up above 23.6% in this trade....can be a good time to exit.  We want 14,3,3 to fall to Price Line, we do not want Price Line to climb to 14,3,3)

-----------
M5 is below 80%.
? DO WE NEED THAT: as Origin Line (14,3,3) lags a bit behind the M5 l(14,1,1) and if I'm correct that the Origin line must just crosses down below 76.4% can we not assume that M5 is even lower than 76.4%

? But maybe it is still important not sure yet. In fast Movements maybe the M5 jumped above 80% - was just a thought.
Answer: M5 below 80% is to keep us out of overbought trouble.  You can avoid it with extremely tight stops and either price goes straight down, or not.  Keep re-entering until it goes down.

* Origin line just crosses down below 76.4% and Price Line is above 76.4%.
? when do we enter - only straight after it crossed down or also much later (then the cross would become unimportant and the only thing that matters for the Origin line would be below 76.4%)
Answer: M5/M15 must be true and Price Line/Origin Line must be true (as above).  When both are true we enter.

* M5 has crossed down below M15.

? again the question - must this happening at the same Candle close as the Origin line just crosses down below 76.4%
? or is it only important that the M5 is below M15

Answer:  It must be true at or before entry.  M5 must remain below M15 to enter.

The Truth of Short Entry (all conditions must be met):

1.  M5 must have crossed down and be below 80%. This must be true before or at entry but it must remain true at entry.

2.  M5 must have crossed down and be below M15.  This must be true before or at entry but it must remain true at entry.

3.  M5 must be pointed down at time of entry.

3.  Origin Line must have crossed down and be below 76.4% and Price Line must be above 76.4 % OR Price Line must be below 23.6%. In the case of Price Line below 23.6% we want as much spread as possible between the Origin Line and Price Line on entry....however there is no defined minimum spread.  This must be true before or at entry but it must remain true at entry.

4.  Origin Line must be pointed down on entry.

Bonus Strengths at Entry:

M15 and/or Price Line pointed down at entry.

--- 帖子 #867 ---
Yes you're right I'll add also the 76.4 value

I'm not sure neither but looking at his example seems that we want PriceLine to be above 76.4 also for previous candles so I would leave this condition.

When OriginLine crosses down we check for M5/M15 positions , so there's no need to know exactly when they crossed , as far as understand the important thing is that M5 is above M15 for a long (or below for a short) and pointing up.

Yes they are both optional but Spud said it's better if they agree, so for a defensive trading I turned them on.

oh yes I forget to delete those variables, since i'm using the same template to code this kind of alerter indicator.

Cheers,

Skyline

--- 帖子 #868 ---
* ayaz is patiently waiting for the next combination*

--- 帖子 #869 ---
Take the Porsche for a spin

--- 帖子 #870 ---
HAHA I wish! went to bed with a green lawn, woke up to pure whiteness here in Montreal!  No porsche-ing for 6 months lol

--- 帖子 #871 ---
Spud,

Would it be possible to record a video using Camtasia Studio for your system with entry and exit examples and share it here for all to see? It is a free download for a limited time.

Thanks, PC

--- 帖子 #872 ---
Would you settle for an animated GIF?

--- 帖子 #873 ---
Combination 2 - The Over Market Filter

All Stochastics are %K Only.

M1 Chart

14,3,3 Stochastic

levels at 76.4% and 23.6%

Theory:

The M1 in an overbought market at entry will improve the reliability of a long trade with price in an oversold market. The M1 in an oversold market at entry will improve the reliability of a short trade with the price in an overbought market.

Trading for the reversal of price out of an overmarket condition offers the most opportunity for entering a trend at the earliest stage. However, entering reversal trades when price is in an overmarket condition can lead to many false entry conditions. As such a filter is required to eliminate as many false entries as possible without affecting good "real" entries.

How To Use the Filter In Short Reversal Trades.

The filter is used at entry of a reversal short trade.

A reversal short trade in this instance is considered any trade where our price is in an overbought market (above 76.4% or 80%).

When we enter the short trade our M1 indicator must be below 23.6% (or 20%) in an oversold market. It does not matter when the M1 entered, what direction it is pointing...it must just be in an oversold position.

This M1 level can be adjusted, but I do not recommend M1 being higher than 30%. Obviously the lower we set this filter the more trades it will filter and a level too low will filter out too many real trades.

Long Reversal Trade Usage is the opposite.

--- 帖子 #874 ---
Hey Spud

I've noticed in your last few posts you've refered to the m1 or m5 for example being overbought at the time we go long is a good thing ...

Doesn't this contradict the above quoted post and pic where you say that in order for the higher timeframes to keep moving down the lower oversold timeframes must move up...

I understand both "theorys" but obviously confused as they seem to contradict each other

thanks

--- 帖子 #875 ---
2008.11.25 @ 23:20 (EST +7) Chart Time

The chart below illustrates how we use Combination 1 Crossovers with Combination 2 Filter.

The Crossover comes first at 23:20 and the dashed line on the price chart shows where we would normally get a short entry. The M5 and M15 stochastics are at this entry. I should mention that the M5 and M15 pictured here is a common sight for a short entry using Crossovers.

Our M1 at the Crossover entry is just above 23.6. Tempting to enter and you could enter but let's stick to the 23.6% rule. So we must wait to enter until the M1 crosses below 23.6. Notice by the solid line (where we enter short), how the delay has avoided 30 minutes of ranging while the market decides what it is going to do. We still get some draw down but see how much better timed our entry is to when price starts to take a dive.

We must remember that when we finally get the M1 signal that our M5 must still be below our M15 and that the M5 never crossed the M15 upwards.

Also notice we get our Crossover entry signal first and then use the M1 to fine tune our entry.

--- 帖子 #876 ---
Actually the same thing. Notice on your chart the M5 and M15 are in an oversold position with the price in an oversold position. What is going to happen in the immediate is that M5 will rise first and much quicker than M15. In this case, we would wait for the M15/M30 crossover and enter when M5 is in the overbought territory.

If M1 was in your picture, we'd wait for M5/M15 to crossover and M1 to be in the overbought area to enter.

The net result is that M5,M15 and M30 would rise as diagramedby the balls.

If we had a Price Line, Origin Line....we'd likely see the Origin rise above 76.4% and the Price Line stay low. Then we'd see a short opportunity to trade the Origin Line down with an M5/M15 cross downwards..this would move the H1 and H4 down....then likely the cycle might repeat again or we might get in an oversold market and stay there until H1 and H4 fall all the way down to their lowest point and the Price Line starts to rise.

--- 帖子 #877 ---
Great explanation thanks Spud

--- 帖子 #878 ---
Sorry Spud just one more question...

If you get a strong signal on the PMTF Stochs like the "Combination" examples you posted above, but the rope is all messed up...

Do you ignore the entry? Or is the PMTF signal alone strong enough to ignore what the rope may or may not be doing?

Thanks

BTW - I just noticed this live example of the combination entry and filter you posted above so thought I would post it... Will post results later - this would qualify under the 2nd entry rule - Price line is pointing upwards which is a bonus

--- 帖子 #879 ---
Exit when the Origion line crossed 76.3 and the 5m hit 90 would have been +19 pips -minus spread

--- 帖子 #880 ---
im following your posts spud  but it takes me lots  lots of time to understand all that amount of information due to my english

i understood that the combination 1 and 2 are ultimate perfect conditions for any entry in order to seek a perfect trade am i right?

i just wanted to thank you  for all the amazing work in that thread and everyone who helps here  to make things easier

--- 帖子 #881 ---
can someone pls explain me the stop loss in a more simple way using a visual method on a chart pls

i read it more than 5 times but its not clear to me

sorrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrry guys but i really need some help here

Stop Loss:

Hit or Miss. Use high of close of entry candle or previous entry candle as Stop or add 5-20 PIPS maximum to this. Never exceed 50 Pips. Bring Stop Loss down to break even on 5-10 PIP gain, chase at 50% of gains, never exceed 20 PIPS on the chase always leave yourself profit PIPS once they exceed 10 Pips.

--- 帖子 #882 ---
here is a trade from the combination 1(entry2) but a buy entry

original line14 way under 23.6% as well as price line100

14 line over 100 line crossed 23.4 up

5-15m crossed up

all pointing up

but can someone clarify where the stop must be ?

--- 帖子 #883 ---
Hey Sarah -

1) Stop loss is the red horizontal line(s) on the chart below. If it's still not clear let me know

2) So the second bit he is saying put your stop loss to breakeven once you are up 10 pips... then when you are up 20 pips move your stoploss to +10 pips - once you are up 30 pips move your stop loss to +15 pips

I think tats what Spud means by 50% of gains

--- 帖子 #884 ---
Sarah in the chart you posted above...

If your entry was at the open of the candle you have the arrow pointing at... Then the stop loss would be under the LOW of the candle to the left of it.

Or you can add 5 - 20 pips to that to give it some room.

--- 帖子 #885 ---
thanks a milion cindy for your help

you are really a nice  and helpfull person

--- 帖子 #886 ---
No problem

--- 帖子 #887 ---
In the Combinations 1 and 2, I've eliminated the rope and went with the M1 Filter (it serves the same purpose but is much easier to understand and target in a fixed black and white environment)

--- 帖子 #888 ---
The entry is correct.

Depending on how you exited would determine a positive or negative outcome.  In this case following the Origin Line or the Price Line through the Fib Levels would have been the best choice.

--- 帖子 #889 ---
another entry long

combination1 (entry 2)

--- 帖子 #890 ---
Saw that one too Sarah up 40 pips already nice one

--- 帖子 #891 ---
Ok heres a question for ya spud.

what do you think about an "Escalator of Combos", where once we are in a trade, we look at the next timeframe up using the same rules.

For example, we get a setup that satisfies our entry rules and while we are in the trade, then we get a price/orgin cross on the 15m chart, an M15/M30 crossover and 5 is in overmarket, so we stay in the trade and ride the escalator. Then after that we look at the 30m chart, same rules except M30/1h crossover, m15 in overmarket.

Does ths make any sense to do it this way? Or do you think we are better to get in and out of trades and just keep nailing the M5 chart every time it sets up, and minimize drawdown by doing so?

--- 帖子 #892 ---
hi Spudfyre,

very nice indeed - instead of the ropes: Combination 1 Crossovers with Combination 2 Filter.

QUESTIONS:

1. would you apply such a filter also to your 3rd Enter setup:
SHORT:

or only when the Price Line is above 76.4%

2.
What about the other conditions: for instance the Price Line was above 76.4% when we got the EntrySignal - but until our M1 filter allows us to enter the trade the Price Line has move below 76.4% (or below and back up again) would you disqualify such trade entry?

Anyway thanks a lot - through the Filter some of my previous questions are already answered.

MJ

--- 帖子 #893 ---
You are so in the zone! That's is very close to where we are headed with Combination 3, in using the MTF (Escalator) to stay in the trend and to find exits using the same rules as we move up the time frames. Well done

Some minor tweaks to know where we are and whether to continue or exit, but overall you are right on the PIPing.

--- 帖子 #894 ---
Answer to 1:  Yes.  Remember in a short trade we want to take advantage of M1 being in the oversold area to make sure we increase our odds of not getting stuck in an overbought market when we enter a short trade.  Price can move up to the Origin Line and that of course would kill our trade.  This will only happen if we are in an overbought market.  The M1 Filter substantially reduces our risk of false entries or getting into a trade too early.  Aslo, we are not relying only on M1, our M5 and M15 positions are telling us something and using the cross of M5/M15 and that M5 remains below M15 (in the short) will usually keep us safe.  Typically if M5 reverses and goes back up to an overbought market it will recross M15 and kill the trade...for good reason.

Answer 2:  Here we need our Brain Indicator.  The question is do you want to risk that entry or wait for the better entry?  Taking such an entry can be both risky and fruitful, it just a much higher risk of failure.  I think you'll have a better answer when Combination 3 comes out in using the other time frames.  But simply recognize that such a trade isn't necessarily bad, it just carries more risk of failing from the start.  There are a host of "options" but for now I am keeping this to a "on"/"off" trade format and trying to narrow us to specific entries and exit rules.  Once we get this established and played with it a bit, you can decide if you want to bother (or if it is even worth while) with the riskier options or not.  Bottom line is, the more textbook our entry the better off we are.

--- 帖子 #895 ---
Thanks - waiting eagerly for  Combination 3.

--- 帖子 #896 ---
Same here loving these combination posts  I bet I'm not the only one

--- 帖子 #897 ---
yes i love this combination system it makes things easy and clear

when the rules are applied enter the trade

--- 帖子 #898 ---
another entry

--- 帖子 #899 ---
The 3rd combination is simply a perpetual increase in time frame from Combinations 1 & 2.  To be fair, and so you know I have no cards up my sleeves, I took the last big drop that completed (only a few hours ago) as my demonstration.  This demo trade using Combination 1, 2 and 3 covers a trade lasting almost 24 hours and will gain us anywhere from 160-240 Pips depending where we decide to exit or how long we can stay awake

I've edited down into about 14 charts that follow it from beginining to end.  What you will see is Escalator to Pips on a short trade...and I'm sure many light bulbs will go off in your heads once you see how almost magically all our stochastics seem to flow.  There is no magic..it's just pure mathematics at work in the markets. In the end this is why I call it Predictive Multi-Time Frame Stochastics.  You will also see that again, there is nothing new here, you are just seeing the same thing from a different perspective.

This will seem perhaps like information overload...it is not.  It is Combination 1 & 2 repeated over and over..we simply move from M5 to M15 to M30 to H1.

So give a few moments..or hours...or maybe days ( I gotta life and trade too) to fill this thread with the examples and then I'll set the Combination 3 rules in place.

--- 帖子 #900 ---
This trade starts at EST +7 Chart time 23:20 November 25th.

We can use Combination 1 & 2 as both a reversal indicator and a trend indicator. When it comes to trend trading, I strongly recommend you hide the candlesticks and use only the stochastic 100,3,3 and 14,3,3 as your price guide if ypou are not confident in this system. This is because there are going to be candlestick moves in the trend that will scare you...even make you exit long before you are due. There is nothing wrong with falling for this price action and making pips, but if you truly want to trade what I am going to show you, then your doubt will always come from the price action. So, my advice, practice with this without looking at the candlesticks and see where you end up.

So here we go. Our entry is pretty basic. We used the Crossover to detect our entry signal and then waited for the M1 to fall below 23.6% before our actual short entry. (you will be amazed how often this filters out bad trades....not all of them..just many of them). On the chart below Point 1 is where the Origin line crossed below 76.4% and the M5 has already crossed from above to below the M15 (above to below is very important). At Point 2, our M1 filter finally hit below 23.6% and so we enter short. The Price chart is M5, the stochastic to the right is M5, further right is M15 and the chart at the bottom is the M1.

--- 帖子 #901 ---
Here we have what looks like a reversal with M5 climbing. Notice that M5 is still below M15. What we need to look at is M30, which is the bottom chart now, replacing M1 (M1 has done it's job and we are finished with it). Notice M15 has crossed from above and down over M30. We could also look at the M15 price chart (not shown) and we would see it looks very similar to our M5 price chart just further behind. We have 3 reasons then to stay short:

1. M5 is below M15

2. M15 crossed down below M30

3. Our M15 100,3,3 and 14,3,3 stochastics support our short position in our expectation that our Origin line will keep falling.

The final support is that this is not a long entry, so why not stay short.

--- 帖子 #902 ---
Up to now we have followed the trade and seen M15 cross M30 (the same way as M5 crosses M15). We now use the same Combination 1 & 2 rules for M15 and M30.

We switch our price chart to M15

We use M5 as our filter (Combination 2)

We use M15 and M30 as our Crossover.

Since we are already in a short trade we don't have a physical short entry to make. Instead we are determining whether we will stay in the short trade or not by satisfying the Combination 1 &2 entry rules.

Fortunatley for us, we will usually see this develop as:

M15 crosses down below M30

M15 crosses below 80%

The Origin Line crosses below 76.4%

The Price Line remains above 76.4%

The M5 Filter falls below 23.6%

All this being true means we stay in the short and as such are trading on the M15 price chart now.

Notice how all our rules for the M5 chart remain the same and how these higher stochastics now follow the same movement on the M15 chart as our M5 chart....it is like watching a re-run.

--- 帖子 #903 ---
Here I will explore the actual switching of time frame charts a little more closely.

In the previous chart we had the Combination 1 &2 set up like this:

M15 Price Chart

M5 Filter

M15 and M30 Crossover

The filter is always one time frame below our lowest crossover and price chart.

In the chart below we are transitioning to the next higher time frame for Combination 1 &2. (Time is frozen from last post).

First we change our stochastics to the next higher time frame, the M5 becomes the M15, the M15 becomes the M30 and the M30 becomes the H1.

We can clearly see the M30 crossing the H1. So we need to set up our M15 filter and in the next post we will switch our M15 price chart to the M30 price chart.

--- 帖子 #904 ---
You can flip the price chart to M30 now, and I will flip the price chart back and forth between M30 and M15 as I watch the M15 filter form.

Notice M30 has crossed below 80% and we are now just following the M15 filter. In this instance the M15 filter and M30 hitting below 80 happens at the same time.

Okay so let's lookat the M30 Price Chart...cuz it is gonna be kewl!

--- 帖子 #905 ---
Okay you gotta admit looking at the M30 price chart that this is pretty cool.  The Origin Line (14,3,3) Stochastic has crossed below 80%, we again have satisfied a short entry now on the M5 price chart, the M15 price chart and the M30 price chart following the Combination 1 & 2 rules to the letter, without any variation, or grey areas.

And yes, this means we stay short in the trade.

Notice again how are M5, M15 and M30 setups all look almost exactly the same.  (Those familiar with Escalator to Pips should have those light bulbs on in their heads about now).

So, we now are showing the M30 price chart, the M15 filter the M30 and H1 stochastics and we have achieved a short entry signal.

One last comment before we move....notice I have not once mentioned price or candlestick movement.  That is because our Price Line is just where we want it above 76.4%.  Ignore the candlesticks!

--- 帖子 #906 ---
So here we go again,

Change the stochastics...M15 to M30, M30 to H1 and H1 to H4.

Wow! Look at that H1 crossed H4.

--- 帖子 #907 ---
H1 crosses below 80 and we are now following our M30 Filter down waiting for it to go below 23.6%.

We will be looking at our M30 and H1 price charts...here I'm watching the M30 price chart just to keep my bearings.

Ohhh if you were trading this live....if you live in Canada.... this would be a good time to send someone out for a Timmy's double double...your gonna be awake for a few hours of trading.

--- 帖子 #908 ---
Our M30 Filter is below 23.6%.

--- 帖子 #909 ---
Here we are, looking at the H1 Price Chart.

Does this not look exactly like our M5, M15 and M30 entry?

The only exception is that H4 has not crossed the daily. That is to be expected since the daily is really gonna lag behind our H4 much more than any of our lower time frame combos.

The H1 is the last price chart I will trade. You need a hefty bank account and be a lot braver than me to chase the H4 chart...a bad reversal bump could kill everything you made and by now you probably are fighting the decision between sleep and a few more pips.

I usually follow the Origin Line down through the Fib levels and when I see a reversal, I'm done. Or, if I'm up 100-200 Pips I'm done. Other options are to follow the H4 crossover over the daily, follow the H1 filter down, or see if the Price Line falls and follow it through the fibs. Or anything else that makes you nervous...yes you can even look at the price action now.

--- 帖子 #910 ---
Very cool Spud thanks so much...

--- 帖子 #911 ---
If you look at the M5 chart this is what we traded and it almost took 24 hours.

Notice the Price Action in the middle that would make you scared....notice you didn't notice it trading through the time frames and concentrating on the Price Line and Origin Line. Those price actions are there to scare you out of the trend....someone wants you to bail out so you don't make PIPS...stick to the system.

If you stuck to the system, you would easily have made 200 PIPs..certainly 150 PIPS. If you timed it just right and hung in there you could have bailed at 240 PIPs.

--- 帖子 #912 ---
Excellent presentation Spudfyre.

Did you ever consider writing a book http://www.forexfactory.com/images/icons/icon7.gif

Thanks also for so much time you take to prepare this and sharing it - really appreciate it.

MJ

--- 帖子 #913 ---
amazing

--- 帖子 #914 ---
hi Spudfyre,

based on your presentation I implemented already a big deal  into the automatic system.

Configuration Parameters I came up with for each Pair in the basket:

"Pair" : "EUR/USD",

"WeightInBasketPercentage" : 100,

"ForEntryStoch_M5_MinDistance" : 30,

EXTRA-Additional Entry Filter: to give us some min distance on the M5

MUST BE LESS THAN 75. if you do not want to have an effect use 0.  ATTENTION: THIS ARE NOT PIPS: For LONG this is the difference to the 100 for Short Distance to the 0 Stochastic number

"OverMarketFilter" : {'Stoch_M1_treshold_SHORT' : 23.6, 'Stoch_M1_treshold_LONG' : 76.4} ,

None (OverMarketFilter will not be considered) or OverMarketFilter Argument

"UsingEscalatorFrames" : ['M5'],

List of Frames we move up in an Escalator trade: you can also specify just one Frame in the list - defaults to [M5]: possible values: M5, M15, M30, 1H, 3H, 1D
if you wonder why I use 3H - OANDA does provide 3H but not 4H

"ExecutionPriceHighLow_PriceLimitInPIPs" : 8,

None or the pips we want to set to avoid slippage

"InitialStopLossInPips" : 100,

must be greater than 0 - if you do not want it to have much effect set it to extremes like 10000 (hope this StopLoss is never hit ;-)

"TrailingStopLossPercentageByProfit" : {'TrailingStopLossPercentage' : 50,  'MinProfitInPips' : 20}

when the MinProfitInPips is reached we start Trailing our StopLoss by the defined TrailingStopLossPercentage.

One can simulate a fixed Take Profit of 30 PIPS: e.g {'TrailingStopLossPercentage' : 100,  'MinProfitInPips' : 30} or better us 98 or 99%

For anyone who has some suggestion - please do so

regards MJ

--- 帖子 #915 ---
I think it would be a BestSeller something like : "MTF Stochastic Unleashed ! "

--- 帖子 #916 ---
hi skyline,

good seeing you again - any process in programming it???

Well, eve with only implementing the M1 Filter it get's already a bit more complicated as one has to keep track of all conditions after a successful EntryCross signal.

My current state is this: Well Spud's presentation got me so occupied that I stopped live trading at the moment.

1. at the moment I do not bother with exits - want first the 'perfect' entry http://www.forexfactory.com/images/icons/icon14.gif

2. Otherwise I implemented already the most important things.Combination 1 - Crossovers

PLUS

Combination 2 - The Over Market Filter
3. not yet sure when and how to decide to move on to the higher Escalator time frames.

maybe Spud will show/ has some hints - have to think about that.

properly this will have to go somehow together with Exits rules too.

4. will be starting a few bots on a couple of Pairs to check for  bugs - will be quite interesting to compare between using the same setup with Combination 2 - The Over Market Filter and without Combination 2 - The Over Market Filter.

Just will implement before a Trailing Stop Option for fun.

What I do I run it every minute 5 Seconds after a full minute - so I'm always on track with a just closed Candle.

keep me updated with your thoughts.

MJ

--- 帖子 #917 ---
Hi MJ,

nice to see you again too

No I'm not planning to automatize this system, I prefer to trade it manually to refine my understanding of this system.

Btw I guess with some work it could be possible to code a 'perfect' entry signal, at least using mql language.

Cheers,

Skyline

--- 帖子 #918 ---
I honestly don't understand why you would wanna make an EA for this it's great and simple enough trading manually anyway.

All I do (automated wise) is set an alarm so I know when the price line  as well as the origion line both hit an extreme and it sends me a text message to my phone.

--- 帖子 #919 ---
What I guess is that MJ like many other fellow trader (including me), has still a daily job and cannot follow the market continuously.

Personally after have coded so much EA during these past years I'm not anymore an EA fan and I have still to see an EA that is profitable after 1 year live trading (just look at past winners in the metaquotes EA championship they fail miserable after few trading months after championship was ended).

Maybe some large hedge fund with a lot of programmer/researcher are making tons of money trading automated trading system and of course you'll not find those sophisticated algorithm over this or other forex forum.

What I do now is to use my ability to code to help me  not substitute me in trading (like setting alarm , trail my trail automatically), this is why I code this tiny indicators more than EA now.

--- 帖子 #920 ---
what a shame - even though the intention is honourable http://www.forexfactory.com/images/icons/icon12.gif

Anyway - what we could do - tell me which Pair you follow and I set up a bot like that. than we just cross check your manual entries with that from my bot - ( I write quite full log infos at the moment too)

So you might see where you went wrong or late and I might see what bugs are in my system http://www.forexfactory.com/images/icons/icon4.gif

would be fun -- CHALLENGE Man against Machine !!!

I do not expect you to stay up 24 hours - just compair what you got and what I got.

I have to say that my overall system is not 100% stable at the moment as I finished rewrite about  80 % of it just a few weeks ago. Complete new outlay and logic - with much improved execution speed. I also do not enable my auto-restarter when Price feed fail or connection fails - to track new bugs in a better way. ... well this are the shortcommings of my system at the moment.

So anyone ready for an educational:
CHALLENGE Man/Woman against Machine for finding the perfect EntrySignal

Just let me know which pair we use!

For Fun and learning

MJ

ps: if you use a other brocker than OANDA - our price feeds (and spreads) might slightly differ - but never mind.

--- 帖子 #921 ---
(thats me punching your bot)

--- 帖子 #922 ---
eheh MJ thank but I have to decline your invite , mostly because it would mess the whole thread. However it could be a good idea to open a new thread related to automatization of mtf stochastics.

Cheers,

Skyline

--- 帖子 #923 ---
hi CindyXXXX,

I fully agree with you that his it's great and simple enough trading manually anyway.

I also do not have any more a daily job.

But I don't think that just because a presented system is simple (in fact I think Spud just succeed to present a more complicated system in a very nice and simplified way)it is not worthy to automatize it.

I can tell you why I do it:

1. watching charts a long time might be very good for further learning and understanding - but in the end most people trade to make a money (for me the learning and understanding is not the end but a means to the end)

2. I actually learn quite a bit when starting to debug the mistakes of my system afterwards http://www.forexfactory.com/images/icons/icon12.gif

3. I believe there are not too many 'near perfect entries' - in each pair.

so being able to track as many pairs as wanted at the same time will increase this potentially.

4. having traded already for a couple of years - I do not always love to hang my eyes to charts all day long.

well this are some of my reasons why I like automatic systems - but as skyline said - there are also missing parts which just a - brain indicator can do.

what I like most on Spud's system is really how he is gifted to present it - that was the reason it caught my attention.

Well - I think each one should try to find a own way

Good trading to you too CindyXXXX no bunching any more ;-)

MJ

--- 帖子 #924 ---
MJ it wouldnt be too hard to let your EA run for without watching the results and you trade manually at the same time on demo or something to comare your own results - Just an idea

--- 帖子 #925 ---
well - do not indent to mess up Spud's thread. But we could open a new one just with short explanations of 'our perfect' entries - no programming discussion (not sure anyway if there are many who want that)

just our perfect entries with short explanation.

this could be thought of as additional graphic description of Spud's method.

Hey and when Spudfre writes his book: "MTF Stochastic Unleashed ! " he is very kindly permitted to use our perfect entries  as illustration.

MJ

--- 帖子 #926 ---
find attached: Spud_sPMTFStochasticsCombinedCrossTrading_v1.pdf

--- 帖子 #927 ---
I think instead of an EA which I think is way to complicated, that an indicator is a far better endeavor.

I think merely an information bar for each time frame group would be the easiest for:

M5/M15 Cross    M1 Filter   M5 Price Chart

M15/M30 Cross   M5 Filter   M15 Price Chart

M30/H1 Cross   M15 Filter   M30 Price Chart

H1/H4 Cross  M30 Filter   H1 Price Chart

Simply group and show the stochastic levels for each including Price Line and Origin Line

Nice features might be to create a list of true/false lights for:

Trade direction (based on Origin line and Price Line)

Crossover

Mx Cross (below 80 or above 23.6 depending on trade direction)

Filter Cross (below 23.6 or above 76.4 based on trade direction)

Origin Cross (below 76.4 or above 23.6 based on trade direction)

Price Line Cross (below 76.4 or above 23.6)

Start with a light on M5 Price Chart and when all conditions are true the light  moves to M15 Price chart and so on..so we know what we are trading.

I'm probably missing a few items but that's a good start

Technically we only need to worry at each time frame the group of stochastics we use...until we switch time frames. As such I think coding based on those groups would be easiest rather than trying to group it all together...but group each individual time frame group together.

--- 帖子 #928 ---
Spudfyre - I was looking once more at your charts - and have a question about your Filter Entry and M5 and Origin Line direction.

We got a proper EntrySignal and then At Point 2, our M1 filter finally hit below 23.6%. At this time it seems that the M5 is pointing upward - would you consider that not as a warning ?

(M5 and Origin Line must be pointed down)

--- 帖子 #929 ---
The requirement for M5 pointing down has been replaced by the M1 filter...we are entering on the M1 filter and not relying on which way M5 is pointed.  Albiet, you could wait for M5 to point down ...this would certainly be more ammunition for the short entry.  Having said that we have to expect that with M1 down low we will see bumps in the price against us...if M1 rises.  The point of the M1 filter is to help us not get caught in an overmarket.

The only time I would stick to the M5 pointed down is if the filter and crossover occur at the same time.

Let's put it another way...we may have an M1 filter signal and M5 may be pointed up.  We've already had the crossover so our more significant entry signal is that M5 stays below M15.  We are in an overbought market and because M5 draws up shouldn't concern us too much unless it starts to go into the overbought market again and crosses up over M15.  Then we are out and back to a no trade until we get our signal again.

You'll find the M1 filter weed out so many bad trades given our crossover and price/origin line positions that it is the position of M1/M5 and M15 relative to each other that counts more now.  If you remove the M1 filter to try and obtain say an earlier entry, then you need M5 pointed down on entry.

--- 帖子 #930 ---
Hello spudfyre

genius work here thanks

i looked at the charts.

I think its also important to not get to many false signals for entry is how to define more concrete how long you can stay in the trade.

the exemple you gave on combnation 3 was a perfekt trade because all stochastics were in the overbought area.

So how important it is when i switch time frame lets say from 1,5,15

to 5,15,30 where the origin and price line are? for instance if suddenly on the m30 chart the price line is around 50 and the origin has not crossed in our direction of favor.? how i decide then if i should stay in the trade or not?

i saw that the cross of 14.3.3.(M5/M15 or M15/M30) often change direction......

i hope i get not too confusing with this question

thank you for your astonishing work here

regards

lodol

--- 帖子 #931 ---
I will address exits, money management and stop losses shortly.  I have provided some exit startegies to work with, however I want to finish the entry part first.

--- 帖子 #932 ---
hello spud

thanks for quick answer

because i thought the whole combination 3 was about how long can i stay in a trade................

ok thanks for your work again

maybe you really write a book one day

regards lodol

--- 帖子 #933 ---
I think the whole Combination 3 was about entries and when things go right - I guess next is knowing what to do when things don't quite go to plan.

--- 帖子 #934 ---
We are edging closer to the revealing of our Ultimate MTF Stochastic Chart.

I'm going to diagram the entire November 27th trading day using the combination rules. I think you will see that when we put the pieces of the puzzle together the entire trade is before us.

The chart below is our first entry opportunity on Nov 27th (EST +7). The left side is our M1/M5/M15 combo....I'm going to call this the M5 Trade, the right side shaded is the M5/M15/M30 combo...I'm going to call this the M15 Trade. Do you see where we are at?

Our M5 Trade is a typical short trade setup to enter.

Our M15 trade is at nowhere.

Our expectation is that to trade this short the M5 Trade will move the Origin Line (14,3,3 Stochastic) down. This should logically then move the Origin Line on the M15 down. Ths is the only way our trade can be a success. It also means that the Price Line should move down on both the M5 and M15 Trade.

In order to build an escalator, it will need to be an escalator up, so the M5 Trade will have to move down, go oversold and draw the price way down to move the Price on the M15 Trade back below 23.6%.

If the M15 is to move up, the M5 Trade will simply reverse into the overbought market and we are out.

Obviously this trade has a high risk of being a false entry. The risk would be much lower if the M15 Trade Price Line was below 23.6%.

Unless things really move in the price line on the way down we know this is going to be a short fast trade...no escalator down here.

--- 帖子 #935 ---
Here is the trade a mere 10 minutes later and it is time to exit. We are up about 12 PIPs. So how do we know to exit?

So, we already completed the M5 Trade because we met all the rules of the Combination 1 & 2 when we entered. So at the next thing we are looking for on the M15 Trade chart is:

M15/M30 crossover (YES M15 crossed M30 down)

The Price Line above 76.4% (NO)

The Origin Line crossing below 76.4 % (NO)

The M15 Stoch crossing below 80% (NO)

M5 Filter (NO)

In otherwords we are not close to a short entry here, so we exit. Why here? This is the next M15 update and there is no possibility that we will meet our short entry on the M15 Trade anytime soon.

Here's some more clues on the M15 Trade. In order for the M15 Stoch to cross below 80 it will have to recross the M30 stoch upwards....that is not a short entry signal. In order for the Origin Line to cross below 76.4% it must rise first above 76.4%...again not a short entry signal. For the Price Line to fall straight below 23.6% we will not satisfy our short entry rules. So exit already!

There is one thing to notice here back to our original M5 Trade short entry. USE ONLY THE M15 TRADE TO DETERMINE RISK OF THE M5 ENTRY. In otherwords..trade the M5 Trade because we do have a short signal. Don't ignore the M5 Trade because of the M15 position because the M15 Trade Price Line could have plummeted on the M5 entry to below 23.6% and yes the M15 Trade Origin Line could have popped over 76.4%. In that circumstance we'd have a great upcoming short and make some nice PIPs.

Ah well, here we made 12 Pips and we wait for the next trade, there is nothing happening with M15 that will support our short entry continuing. (In fact it only had 6 PIPS left to go down if we kept following the price.)

--- 帖子 #936 ---
Since the Americans are on holiday, I'll be posting slowly the remainder of the Nov 27th trades over the next 3 days.  I need to run out and enjoy some of this Canadian winter and take a break from trading

--- 帖子 #937 ---
Spuds, thanks and take your time. Too much for me to digest at one time.

--- 帖子 #938 ---
Is this a typo?  It seems its should read "USE ONLY THE M5 TRADE TO DETERMINE RISK OF THE M5 ENTRY."

Sorry Spud, it seems quite important so I just want to make sure I understand it correctly.

--- 帖子 #939 ---
No not a typo....it should read "use only the M15 Trade to determine risk of the M5 entry".

Remember the first example where the Origin Line and Price Line were above 76.4% and it met all our Combination rules?  Well, in this second example the M5 price chart has the Price and Origin Line above 76.4%...the M15 price chart the Price line is climbing and above 23.6% and the Origin line is climbing towards 76.4%......at best this is telling us we have an elasticity trade happening on the M15...wehere the Origin Line will drop to meet the Price Line.  As such M15 tells us there is greater risk in this trade than say the M15 price chart Origin/Price Lines were above 76.4%

I apologize if I am confusing you,as I should be adhering to to the strict rules....so that each trade is well defined and mechanical.

In my upcoming examples, I will break each trade down to Strict Rules, and Brain Indicator Rules.    This way you can trade this very mechanically, or use information at hand to try and develop options in your trades.  We can also compare which is working for us better.

Not to worry, the Brain Indicator rules do not drift far from our Strict Rules, they simply are looking at the status of our other time frames under the Combination rules to address those grey areas we come across.

If the Brain Indicator rules become confusing, simply ignore them and stick to the mechanical rules.  After you trade this for a while and see the combinations, the Brain Indicators will be automatic as you will see this sytem falls into very defined patterns...and it is when these patterns break up that our trade is dead.

If you have been trading any of my stochastic systems, you have traded all this before....I'm just showing you ways to recognize the patterns from a different view and turn a reliable group of patterns into a mechanical system.

Do continue to keep pointing out anything that looks or reads confusing....it is the only way I know everyone is following what I'm doing here.  If everyone would prefer I just stick to the mechanical trading for now, let me know...we can always work on the Brain Indicators later.

--- 帖子 #940 ---
hi Spudfyre,

Hope you had a nice day out. I personally would prefer for the time being  the 'strict rules - to the mechanical trading' - not only because I automatize it - but also to avoid confusion.

In live for most situations it is good to know 'FIRST' all strict  rule

- most of the time later on they can be bend to some degrees.

well thats my opinion.

thanks MJ

ps: basically I automatized it so far as you presented it.

(small tweaks here and there -

*for instance I do not change time- frames (could not find any convincing arguments yet - even though it was a most excellent presentation)

for me the MOST important thing is the right entry.

--- 帖子 #941 ---
Hi,

i have read the thread until the rope. I wanted to continue my reading but it seems that the rope is not a part of the system anymore. Is it right?

--- 帖子 #942 ---
Hi spud,

I've been reading the thread from its beginning and I must say it helped me a lot in improving my trading skills.

Please share strict rules as well as your brain indicator because i think trading only mechanically doesn't perform very well in the long term. But it's only my opinion.

Anyway thanks for sharing your knowledge with us!

--- 帖子 #943 ---
The rope is here in the Combinations, it's just not as obvious to see it.  It was getting a little confusing for some and there is an entire separate threaad on the rope.  Keep reading the Combinations section and the rope is being used (just not as a "rope").

--- 帖子 #944 ---
Hello Spud,

I think that it's more important for you to continue your explanations in a way that you feel is logical to your thought processes, as you say, individuals  can temporarily pass over anything that might cause information overload.  I have no doubt that Cindy will be creating relevant PDFs for future reference for our mutual benefit.  By the way,  thanks for your efforts so far Cindy.

--- 帖子 #945 ---
Ok, I've decided that we will continue to keep this simple and follow strict rules for trading so that this is as mechanical as problem....yes I need to come up with a better name rather than "strict rules"....work on that one later.

Ok, so the chart below is a very delayed entry due to the Origin line crossing early and then we must wait for the crossover and M5 falling below 80. And finally wait for the M1 filter. I've added my indicator template (it does not exist other than on my drawings) of lights to make this easy to see that we have an M5 entry. I've also added a "Risk" label ...it is a measure of the 5 combinations we can have, so all green lights is a 0% risk (it isn't really a 0% risk but dang the risk is low for a short entry)...vice versa all red lights is 100% risk.

Our exit rule will be simple...at 60% risk we exit on the time frame we are trading. This will occur as we search for continued true entry rules to follow as we move up the higher time frames.

One last rule....when we switch time frames we must close the current candle of that time frame and re-valuate at the close of each following candle. As long as our risk stays below 60% we stay in the trade.

Execution of the switch between time frames will be the most complicated part of this system. Understanding when we switch time frames, I will explain as thoroughly as possible.

We will always only trade one time frame at a time, progressively moving up time frames until we can go no futher and exit.

So this is our short entry...

--- 帖子 #946 ---
Our entry was at 5:35 chart time which is actually at 5:40 candle close. So, since we entered and we have Risk 0% we switch to the M15 time frame. Once we fulfill all the entry requirements is when we switch time frames and close the new time frames candle.

Our first goal at the time frame switch is to assess our "now" position. So, we need to look at the close of the M15 at 5:45 (chart time of M15 is 5:30). This is the chart below. We can see we have a Risk 40% so we will stay in our short trade through the close of the next candle.

Let's review the time frame jump. On the previous post's chart we reached Risk 0% at 5:40 (5:35 chart time)..which is our short entry.

We now switch to the M15 chart...and close the current M15 candle at 5:45. We assess our risk to be Risk 40%.

So we must now go 1 full M15 candle to close and we stay short.

So the chart below is at the time frame switch to M15 and at close at 5:45

--- 帖子 #947 ---
The next M15 candle close lowers us to Risk 20%. The only thing holding us back is the Price Line that is in "nowhere" land between 23.6 and 76.4. Our risk lowered because our M5 filter dropped below 23.6%.

Until we get Risk 0% we cannot move up to the next time frame. So we will be staying on this M15 time frame until either our Price Line falls below 23.6% or our Risk reaches 60%.

So this is where we are at close 6:00 (5:45 chart time).

--- 帖子 #948 ---
Our Risk does not change until 6:45 (6:30 chart time). It has risen to Risk 40% since our M5 filter rose above 23.6%

We are still staying short.

--- 帖子 #949 ---
Our Risk drops back to 20% with the M5 Filter dropping below 23.6 at 9:00 (8:45 chart time).

At no time since we have been trading M15 has anything changed in our signals except the M5 Filter. The M15 has stayed below the M30 stochastic, our Origin Line has remained below 76.4 our M15 stochastic has remained below 80.

We are still short and still on the M15 time frame. Here's the chart.

--- 帖子 #950 ---
Our Origin Line drops below 23.6% and this results in a rise in Risk to 40%. The danger is a reversal up now and the hope is an oversold market.

This occurs at 9:30 (9:15 chart time). Here's the chart

--- 帖子 #951 ---
Time to exit at 10:00 . Our risk hits 60% with the M5 filter crossing above the 23.6 level.

Our exit rule is when Risk 60% is hit.

--- 帖子 #952 ---
29 PIPs from entry to exit

Maximum profit 54 PIPs

Maximum drawdown 11 PIPS

--- 帖子 #953 ---
What I haven't mentioned or showed in the last trade is that we had a second M5 entry within this trade.  This would have double our PIP gain.

We want to trade every M5 entry where Risk 0% exists.  This is how we will consistenly know our trades and multiply our PIPs.  I mention it for those that are getting the hang of this.  This may consist of long entries within short trades and short entries within long trades....short entries in short trades and long entries in long trades.  We just keep trading.

For now, I'll just break down each trade opportunity and not dive into covering multiple trades within trades simultaneously.  However, as we go on you may see trade times overlap and this is what is happening in the overall picture.

--- 帖子 #954 ---
[quote=Spudfyre;2384223]I've added my indicator template (it does not exist other than on my drawings) of lights to make this easy to see that we have an M5 entry. I've also added a "Risk" label ...it is a measure of the 5 combinations we can have, so all green lights is a 0% risk (it isn't really a 0% risk but dang the risk is low for a short entry)...vice versa all red lights is 100% risk.[quote]

love that dynamic risk calculator - nice one Spud

.

--- 帖子 #955 ---
hi  Spudfyre,

excellent presentation.

I had always understood to have a valid EntrySignal that at the very Candle of Origin Line Cross below 76,4 the other requirements have to occur too.

And a Late Entry is only postponed  by the Filter M1.

The last explanation with that dynamic risk calculator clarified that - seems I misunderstood it before.

Thanks

MJ

--- 帖子 #956 ---
hi M_J

is it possible to program an indicator which can show this like on spuds charts?

regardslodol

--- 帖子 #957 ---
it sure ishttp://www.forexfactory.com/images/icons/icon7.gif.

But I'm the wrong person to ask - I do not trade on a MT4 brocker. I have my own API/system.

I think the best person to ask might be: skyline he is a kind EA programmer.

regards MJ

PS: skyline if you do that - you will have to change your first indicator quite a bit -- with Spud's late Entry Example above we have to keep track of more things. Well I started to implement it into a new version - want to keep the other with my dynamic trailing stop to compare the performance to a TimeFrame shifting system with Exit as suggested by Spuds dynamic Risk indicator.

Actually I like that Idea quite a bit (eventhough it get's a bit more complicated to program) - just not sure if it really performs better than a simple dynamic Trailing StopLoss. Anyway - hope  to have both version test running by Monday.

--- 帖子 #958 ---
hi M_J

thanks for quick anser..............

lodol

--- 帖子 #959 ---
hi Spudfyre,

a short question of clarification:

would you say that on the new Time Frame (M15) the *OriginLine cross  76.4

* and M15/M30 Crossover
1. must have happened after we Got our Entry Trigger Signal (on the M5 OriginLine cross  76.4 I think on your charts this must have been around 3:50)

2. or even before that

Thanks MJ

--- 帖子 #960 ---
Thanks Merlyn - Yes I have "Spuds Stochastic Combination PDF" in the pipeline but still gathering new posts from Spud and waiting for the right time to post it. Stay Tuned! Cheers

--- 帖子 #961 ---
It doesn't matter, is the short answer.

What we are trading is the stochastic positions.  One reason I introduced the green light/Risk indicator was so that you could see that as long as we are meeting 3/5 conditions or better we can stay in our trade.

If M15 is ahead of M5 coming down, that has meant M5 has likely cycled down and up prior to this moment...and this cycle has kept M15 falling...which would likely mean we are in a down trend of some sort.

The best scenerio is the first trade I demonstrated, where our conditions are being met very quickly and almost as we flip time frames.....if you think about it this way the best and safest trade short would be riding a M5 candle down, then M15 candle then M30 candle, and finally an H1 candle...and if they are nice long candles so much the better.

--- 帖子 #962 ---
Hi Spud

Sorry this may be a lengthy post with all the charts but I just thought I will ask you about this trade on Friday which started from th 5m/15m entry at 13:20 GMT

ok....

Chart 1

First of all we had the 5m/5m 1m filter trigger which went well and provided some nice pips....

Chart 2

15m later our trade turned into what looked to be the start of a 15m escalator with the 5m over 80 15m crossing 30m, the origion line rising over 23.6 - seemed pretty text book...

things reversed quickly right on the 15m entry/signal - stopping our 5m/15 trade out at BE

Chart 3

But Chart 3 shows the position of the 5m price and origion at the time of the 15m entry (red arrow) which I find interesting as it looks more like an elastic short setting up - and it certainly snapped back.

So I guess firstly just confirming this 15m long signal was a valid continuation signal

Secondly - is there any merit in the way the 5m (chart 3) is positioned at the time of the 15m entry? perhaps suggesting not to enter?

Lastly is getting in on the 15m signal here a bad idea if for example you missed the first 1m/5m/15m signal?

Going by your Risk% indicator the GET OUT point would have been (once we recieved a 15m signal) at the next 30m close at 14:00 which would have told us to get out seeing as the only "stay in" conditions that were met at that time were the 30m price line being under 23.6 and the 30m crossed the 1h up - which gives us a 60% risk and exit signal for -20 pips?

Thanks so much -

I am also trying to learn more about the elastic entry because I think it is the only way to join a big trend once the initial entries have been and gone. if everything stays overbought/ oversold on the higher TF's (?)

and the trend is our friend right?

Looking back at my charts - I'm noticing for example when the origion line leaves the price line and goes long - but the price line stays oversold (much like in chart 3)

what im seeing is when the origion line turns back down under 76.4 and the price line points back down - go short and trade the Origion line back down to 23 - then this seems a good start for an entry

Just an idea but would love to hear your opinion.

I guess that this is only using one TF though and so wouldn't technically be MTF. Combining this with the other TF's is where I'm struggling because usually the other (higher) timeframes are too low for the origion line to cross anthing instigating a signal.

I will cut this rambling short

Cheers

--- 帖子 #963 ---
Thanks Spudfyre,

sorry if I still ask for a clarification: ( because this makes a lot of differences in automatizing work) - and also English is a second language to me.

What do you mean by: What we are trading is the stochastic positions.

are you saying that the  M5/M15 Crossover is not really that important - but the important thing is that M5 is below M15 ?

sorry once more for bothering - but I like to understand your thoughts.

MJ

--- 帖子 #964 ---
Hmmm....not exactly what I meant.   It is the fact that all conditions have been met that is important.  The Crossover is a positional move and just as important as where the Origin Line is located and that it crossed, etc.  Don't think "positions" as static points.

--- 帖子 #965 ---
I thought so too - but I hoped I misunderstood you (would have been much easier the other way) http://www.forexfactory.com/images/icons/icon7.gif.

--- 帖子 #966 ---
On your M15 you had 5/5 combinations hit (all green lights), so you needed to flip to M30 and finsih the candle.  On M30 you'd only have 2/5 (Crossover and Price Line) conditions met at close and you'd be out with a small profit.

For now, I'm sticking to the mechanical side....but you are right, if you put all 4 time frames up you can compare the positions of the time frames (similar to the rope) to see the elastic trade.  There is a wealth of info there.  Having said that the mechanical trade would have pulled you out at the right time.

I've only glanced at this trade window, but I will do a full analysis for you later.

--- 帖子 #967 ---
Hi Spud,

I have a question for you.

I am looking at your new indicator template and one thing confuses me.

You have "price line above 76.4" and "price line below 23.6". Do we need both of them? If price line is above 76.4 it cannot be below 23.6.

These two conditions will not happen at the same time. So why do we see two red boxes near them? Two red boxes mean higher risk if I understand it correctly.

Please clarify this.

--- 帖子 #968 ---
It is only one of them...notice earlier I greyed out the one not being used.  Since neither of them met the condition, I turned both red. The two only count as 1 box as we can only have one instance of it happening.  When we have 2 red, we know the line is between them.

--- 帖子 #969 ---
Looking at Cindy's Long trade:

Perfect M5 group entry at 15:20 (15:15 chart time +7 EST)

We have Risk 0% (5 green lights) so we must switch to M15 group

We must close the M15 candle so we need to assess at close at 15:30 (15:15 M15 chart time). Here we have Risk 20% because our Origin Line remains below 23.6%..so we must close another M15 candle.

The first chart is the M15 candle at close at 15:45 (15:30 M15 chart time). Notice that we have all green lights Risk 0%, so we must now flip to the M30 group.

The second chart is our M30 candle close at 16:00 because we flipped over at 15:45 we musrt wait for the M30 to close to assess. Look at M30 and we get a completely different story where we have Risk 60% so we must exit.

This brings us out at +18 PIPS.

Let me explain what is happening here. Our M30 is in an oversold market, and we want to make sure that when we stay in a long we are breaking out of this oversold market. The M30 Market has not kept pace with our M5 and M15 market...and thus M5 and M15 will rebound down and either we'll move on and stay oversold or M5 and M15 will try and break up again. As such with our M30 position lagging our risk jumps up significantly in this long trade. We expect it to rise above 23.6 and start an escalator up move, but in this case either we will be far too early or it isn't going to happen.

Knowing what we know, a 60% risk assesment is just about bang on....6/10 times this M30 long trade will fail where it is and 4/10 times it will succeed. I think if you look at it as failing completely or being too early to enter the long you'd find this risk assessment fairly close (maybe +/- 5%) statistically to what really happens historically.

If you were watching the M5,M15 and M30 groups at the same time, you can easily detect the elasticity in the M5 group on this trade. If we are more advanced we go short on the M5 elasticity and try and run through an oversold trade...this is far off our mechanical system...but an option with the Brain Indicator.

--- 帖子 #970 ---
Does this mean that when the price line is between them (nowhere land) the risk is higher? 2 red boxes = higher risk.

--- 帖子 #971 ---
The 2 red boxes only indicate that we are not above 76.4 and not below 23.6 ...that our Price Line is between these levels.  In our mechanical system it is not what where we want price to be unless we can keep our Risk at 20 or 40% with it in that position.

2 red boxes do not count as 2 bad indications...they count only as one.  In our short trade......our Price Line is either above 76.4% or it is not.

--- 帖子 #972 ---
Thanks Spud... now it makes sense to me.

--- 帖子 #973 ---
Spud is it wise to enter late after missing the initial 1m/5m/15m signal?

Like at the 5m/15m/30m continuation signal...

Thanks

--- 帖子 #974 ---
Hi Spud,

I have a question for you.

In your charts when you change from 5m to 15m and then to 30m,

I notice that you change also the parameters in the filter chart

from 14,3,3 to 14,1,1 and the lower time frame from 14,1,1 to 14,3,3

Does this make any difference to your signals?

Thanks in advance

--- 帖子 #975 ---
hi Spudfyre,

I looked at your profile:Trading Style(s):   Chartist

Occupation:   Professional Analyst
* well I think as a Chartist you presented your system so far  in a very enchanting and convincing way.

* I'm also aware that you try to keep it as 'simple as possible' for us to follow. (I think you succeed in that too)

But there is something which bothers me a bit ( in a good constructive way ;-)

I know maybe it is just complicating things or so - but still it bothers me somehow.

Maybe in your competence as   Professional Analyst we could look at this.

If your system is based on a mathematical position we have at least 2 inconstancies:

1. within each  different TimeFrameGroups

2. the different TimeFrameGroups to each other.

Basically we apply to each TimeFrameGroup the same Rules (mainly talking about the numbers here: 76.4%, 23.6%, 80%, 20%

On a mathematical analyse we can not to that?

exception:

1* The mathematical situation changes exactly for each TimeFrameGroup so that the same rules apply - (which I would dare to challenge as pure luck)

2* In the effort to simplify and make it more manageable  the differences would be not enough to make it worthwhile to use different numbers for each TimeFrameGroup. (properly what you are doing and which is ok)

3* One reasonable way to ease the inconsistency a bit  would be to argue that the TimeFrameGroup 1 is special as we only use this to Enter New Trades (I could never read such a reason from your explanations and properly thing that this will not apply) (will also depend on your answer to  CindyXXXX's question above - which I guess will be a 'yes')

Why did I start thinking about this? Well OANDA does not offer H4 but only H3 TimeFrames (which I will be using) so on a logical point it can NOT be the same. (still believe it will be good enough to apply your rules using exception 2 from above ) or if there is an optimal combination let's say in Percentage to each other - I will apply this to each TimeFrameGroup and change the Parameters.

So 2 pics what I mean:

1. within each  different TimeFrameGroups (we see TimeFrameLevel 1 and 4 are quite inconsistent)

2. the different TimeFrameGroups to each other.(we see especially out FilterTimeFrame to be very inconsistent)

--- 帖子 #976 ---
*1 So far we have the rule to switch to the next higher TimeFrameGroup when we have on the present a Risk 0 (all green lights).

*2 And we exit a Trade when the Risk on the present TimeFrameGroup rises to or above 60 % (3 or more red lights)

with what you said above would it be not better to stay on the present TimeFrameGroup until we reach a Risk 60 % and then switching to the next higher Level - if we can't stay there because Risk is also 60% or more we exit.

Why I ask that: well just in case we have Risk 0 on TimeFrameGroup M5

*and we enter a new trade: according to Rule 1 we have to switch to the next Higher TimeFrameGroup M15.

We wait until the Candle finishes and reassess - and discover we have Risk 60 % -- means EXIT.

even tough - we might have on our First TimeFrameGroup M5 Risk 20%

Not sure how often this happens - but with trading on a TimeFrameGroup until Risk 60% and trying to switch to the next higher TimeFrameGroup might avoid that.

( seems also to be more naturally in tune with what you wrote above:

riding a M5 candle down, then M15 candle then M30 candle, and finally an H1 candle)

Just a thought to ponder MJ

--- 帖子 #977 ---
Hi Spudfyre,

I have a question similar to M_J's question.... if we have 0% risk on M5 do we have to change timeframe to M15? If someone is looking for some small profit with low risk isn't it better to stick to M5 and trade what it offers?

--- 帖子 #978 ---
Very nice analysis work.  Since we are building a mechanical system let me put this in a more mechanical terminology....our system is much more like a transmission that fits to the market engine.

You are correct that the M5 Group is strictly an entry group.  When our conditions are met we switch gears...we move up to the next time frame.  If we jump into car talk, we've hit maximum revolutions and we are red lining...time to shift.

The M15 and M30 group is our driving gears...we will stay in these groups much longer and they will consistently provide us with enough torque and power range to trade throught the hills and valleys we must drive through.  Sometimes our engine runs out of gas or overheats and dies...so do our trades.   But on a day-to-day basis we know that we'll just chug along and keep moving.

Our levels are not arbitrary....well,... within reason.  You could easily say that we must cross 83 or 72  or even 90 and 10.  There is not only balance in chosing the levels but there is the overall market...the big dollars that ply their trade on the tradional 80/20 numbers.  These numbers are measures of the overmarket.

I select 76.4 and 23.6 because they are Fib numbers.  They are also a little further away from the traditional overmarket levels.  Do Fib numbers have meaning?  I think so.  There is simply to much coincidence to ignore with Fibs.

The shift from time frame to time frame using the  same levels is because we must apply the same rules to ourr overmarket conditions.  The over market rules do not change with time frames....however, our Price and Over market conditions do change through the time frames.  This is because each time frame stochastically has a different range between high and low.

Our mecahnical system is looking for "convergence" of the price and stochastics.  This is what I showed you in the rope theory.  When we have convergence we move out of the overmarket.

The mechanical system is using this same rope theory but instead of trying to figure out 26 stochastic lines on one chart I have simply broken it up over 4 groups of time frames.

Obviously, I have had to put some compromises in to make this work and to make the system mechanical enough.  I would not trade such a mechanical system...not becuse it won't work but simply becuase I can read the other time frames and put a complete picture together in my head much easier.

Having said that, the levels are consistent with the rules of overmarket conditions for each time frame.

The "pure luck" is not luck at all, but convergence of our stochastics when our stochastics are in the same relative position through the time frames.

The filter is a tool to help us at least confirm we have one lower time frame in an opposite overmarket condition before we enter a trade..or change time frames.  It is a filter and is used to keep our win percentage high in a mechanical trade.

The crossover is a very powerful indicator between time frames and reading all about the M5 trigger will tell you what is happening and how short time frames build longer time frames.

The 80/20 cross is the historical basis of overmarket exit conditions and also the fundamnetal rule in Escalator to Pips that is a tried and true condition over multiple time frames that support long trends.

The Price Line is our momentum indicator and being at the extremes tells us it is exhausted and will move..as will oscillate the slowest between 0 and 100 we know that using shorter time frames to trade around it will keep us within its boundaries.  We want it at the extremes becuase it is predictable...at 50% it can go anywhere.

I think if you look at the grapghs (charts) you included you will see there is consistency there, just it is different than the way you are looking at it.  (look at the overall picture).

The mechanical system doesn't work by coincidence or luck.  I have explained every theory and transition in many thread postings before.  I'll accept that not everyone is going to understand or use everything I write.  I present it in different ways so that if someone doesn't understand the rope, they might understand this mechanical system better.

This mechanical system is the same rope, escalator, M5 trigger idealologies presented in a very "put your entry here", "take an exit here" way.  In the mechanical system you see 5 combinations are true and switch time frames and if we have less than 3 combinations true in a time frame we exit.

The combinations are not knew they are just the overmarket rules.

The fact that they line up for long trends is just the convergence of the rope.

The consistent crossover after crossover, across 80, across 80 of each time frame is just escalator to pips

The 5 conditions to enter on M5 is just the M5 trigger (slightly modified).

The 2/5 conditions to exit (rather than 3/5 to stay in) is because our rope has spread and our price move is breaking down

The picking of the Origin Line opposite to the Price Line is elasticity

The Picking of Price Line and Origin line together at the oversold/overmarket extreme is escalator to pips, rope theory convergence, and overmarket reversal

The mechanical system is taking a lot out of each system.  Not the math, but the decision making process of identifying the stochastic moves and how they relate to each other.  That does not make the mechanical system one of luck or one that will never lose....it is simply a tool to learn how to trade stochastics with and if one uses it that way...they will succeed.

Any inconsistencies that do exist are out in to keep the trade in a safe magin...the goal of the mechanical system is to make pips consistently, lose as little pips as possible and keep drawdown to a minimum.  All of that is going to come with trade offs such as getting out of trades earlier than we want, entering trades later than we want, and in some cases accepting minimum PIP gains when more are available.

The mechanical system will never be perfect.  It can be tweaked, supecharged, add a some slicks, to do different things..to be more aggressive or likewise we can tinker it down and make it safer.  But it does have to follow fundamental rules to work.

--- 帖子 #979 ---
Thanks Spudfyre,

seems your Occupation: '  Professional Analystis' is correctly chosen http://www.forexfactory.com/images/icons/icon12.gif

MJ

--- 帖子 #980 ---
YES! Of course you can. Those Brain Indicators are kicking in early and quickly. I presented to you the fundamentals of the MTFS Machine V1....any deviation of that is V2, etc. and you can tweaked and shape it all you want.

Just keep the combination rules in effect....they can be tweak but they need to stay somewhat true to the overmarket rules in general that exist in the markets themselves.

A chart below is all 4 groups and looking at this..what do you see? How would you say trade M5 only with what you see on M15, M30 and H1 groups.

Looks to me that M5 is in a nice oversold..M15 is headed that way and will M30 fall? If M30 falls what does it mean to M5? Is H1 getting ready to break out of it's oversold position? Are M15 and M30 on an elastic stretch about to snap back to the Price Line? What do our combinations tells us?

--- 帖子 #981 ---
I personally choose M5 to be 14,1,1 and all the rest 14,3,3.  The real difference to M5 is small but it just shows peaks better on 14,1,1 than 14,3,3.

Overall, you can use 14,3,3 for all if you like.  I don't recommend using 14,1,1 for all...this will turn you into a bobble head.  Honest, I've been sitting with people using 14,1,1 and watching their heads bobble with the peaks and valleys....don't let this happen to you!

--- 帖子 #982 ---
Good question.  Personally, I'd probably just stay out of it.  You could enter it on the M15 and trade it on M15..annd just continue on.  The problem here is that it could say turn a breakeven trade into a good loser, which is likely to happen more say than finding a really good down trend.  I'd say you'd really need M30 and H1 lined up well to come in late to be far safer we have a longer trend shaping than say an elastic trade occuring.

--- 帖子 #983 ---
One thing I should mention...don't be afraid to use M5 and even M1 as your fine focus for trade entry and exit.  Picking out M5 moves on an M15 or M30 can let you max out your exit and profits.  This isn't mechanical...it's more brain fodder.

If everyone thinks they have a handle on the mechanical system I layed out and the combinations, then perhaps we should take this next week and post our trades using it (on demo accounts!!!!).  If you want to vary the system, then let us know what you did and if you like I can help analyze what went wrong...if anything

--- 帖子 #984 ---
Thanks Spud for your answer and also annalysis of my Friday trade.

I have been running through my head many different scenarios of trades that may occur and one thing that I can't get my head around is what happens if we get say a 15m (0%risk) signal and therefore switch to our 30m TF, but the 30m is in no way set up for an escalator and in turn will obviously not meet an acceptable risk% at its next close

Do we...

a) stay mechanical wait for the 30m close and close the trade?

b) realise it may be the end of the road and close the trade immediatly?

c) ride the 15m down (in a short trade) to 20 and close it there? or

d) none of the above!!!!

Thanks so much -

--- 帖子 #985 ---
Well, you have answered your own question in your question.  "...but the 30m is in no way set up for an escalator and in turn will obviously not meet an acceptable risk% at its next close".

The question back to you is why stay in this trade?  Trading is a game of risk management...the advantage of trading over gambling is that we can stack the house in our favour...at casinos we can't.

If you are up pips why risk them knowing that this trade is going nowhere...oh you might miss some more pips or it might just do something crazy and turn the M30 around....but what are the odds of that happening?

If your down a little you might try for a breakeven or losing your spread exit...or at least try and exit minimizing your losses.

But overall, over the long haul we are better just to exit.  Sometimes we'lll kick ourselves for exiting but in the long run statistically we'll be further ahead.

My moto is never risk pips made if you are in "hope mode" for more pips and the charts are telling you to get out.

If you want to be stubborn and trade M15..then I'd trade the price level by fibs..so in a short as long as the orgin or price line is falling through the fibs and does not retrace 1 fib level up you stay in..but if it does retrace up 1 fib level you are out...if the origin line is oversold and the price level is falling, then if the origin comes up past 23.6 your done (you can set any level you like..say 20 or even 15...if you hit positive targets then tighten up the negative ones...say it retraces 1/2 fib up you exit after it drops a full fib....kinda thing.  Look for small targets to be reached and set strong indicators in you rmind for an exit in this case....so you don't go into him/haw mode...say if it reaches 20...if that's your exit then exit...in this kinda case.

--- 帖子 #986 ---
you did an excellent job !!! Thanks once more. Following your lead ....

may I ask you small of topic questions: -

You had mentioned once :
1. How do you define when we have a seond Entry

If I have a Risk 0 and Enter a New Short.  How do you define when to Enter a new one. (talking purely mechanical now).

if there is not much changes - we will have the same Condition on the next Candle close.

(So what I do at the moment I cancel all required validations - which means especial the  M5 Cross (76.4 or 23.6) and M5/M15 Crossover must happen again.)

The other option would be: If I have now a Short Trade - the next one can only be a Long one ??

2. MULTI TRADES
let's assume that we have  a New Short Trade which has moved up 2 Levels to M30 Group.

Then we get on M5 a New Entry --- and it moves up to M15 Group.

I know it's theoretically not sure if it in reality happens - but if we trade till H1 (like your long trade 24 hours) we might have quite a couple of trades open -- hopefully.

Now: would you suggest to keep track for each Trade - on which TimeFrame Group it trades - or just bundle them all to the highest.

regards MJ

--- 帖子 #987 ---
What you are likely to see is a normal entry trade progressing say to M30 and an M5 entry coming about by a full oscillation of the M5 (down to up).  We might atick on M30 and yet again progress through M15 or be stuck on M15 and M30 and both give us an exit signal....just as an example.

You usually see a lot of "close" M5 entry situations..where say the Origin line climbs up very close to 76.4 and then falls again...and of course this is outside the mechanicals but we'd see this in a rope as an elastic opportunity on M5.

If your running say M15 with Risk 0 and switch to M30 and that is running say at Risk 40 and M5 is looking near entry again say at Risk 20 and looks like it will go to Risk 0 and H1 is floating around near it needs to be if M30 goes well than I would hop in again with another trade...it's pretty good odds n our favour.

If you simply get an M5 entry then just enter if you want to do it mechanically...just keep entering M5 on entry signals and thnen progress and exit each trade as normal...this may mean exiting some on M15 while staying in M30.  We have to keep in mind that whipsaws may throw us out of an M15 much quicker than an M30 where we might ride the whipsaw through and get a prolonged longer trend even when M5 and M15 no longer support any more of the trade...likely they are stuck in an overmarket

--- 帖子 #988 ---
Spud thanks for ALL of your analysis and contribution. I was out of town last week but I'm back and ready to start trading. I have some VERY nice moves using the 5/15 combination using the origin/price lines and the 76.4/23.6 crossings with the M1 filter. I mean, it was so easy. I think I'll trade that one the entire week coming up. I went thru a few ups and downs but decided I wouldn't exit unless the M5 crossed the M15 back upward which never occured. I exited on fib levels or when the M5 wen oversold.

--- 帖子 #989 ---
It's been quiet here without ya

--- 帖子 #990 ---
Just a reminder before we start our trading week why perfect entries are worth waiting for:

--- 帖子 #991 ---
hi spud

i think you draw your percentage indicators by hand on your chart.

is it possible that someone do an indicator which show this waht you draq on your charts to follow also this rules. or do you have an indicator. because this would be of much help in real trading

thank you

lodol

--- 帖子 #992 ---
No indicator yet   I don't think it is a easy as we non-programmers think to make it.

--- 帖子 #993 ---
hi ok thank for your quick answer

maybe someone can program this for us

would be a great help

because its really much to look at the same time

thanks

--- 帖子 #994 ---
Brain Indicator:

You can see below we need to wait for the M30 to fall before we bite on a buy signal from M5. If you go with an M5 buy signal, you need to be aware of M30's likely move down. This will cause either M5 to range, cycle up and down or M5 to simply go oversold. Likely if M5 goes into range or oversold we wouldn't get an M5 buy signal.

We should have a good long retracement some point today once things settle in the oversod for a while.

--- 帖子 #995 ---
Spud, why was the rule that M5 and Origin Line must be pointing down for short OR M5 and Origin Line must be pointing up for long not included in the risk level indicator?

Thanks/Harry

--- 帖子 #996 ---
Hey Spud,

I was just wondering after stopping out long on what I thought was a good trade with all 5 criteria being met for a long....what other indicator could I use to avoid that sort of thing?  Then you posted it:  the BRAIN indicatoruggg (noise of disgust and self-loathing).  Is there any tip re: higher timeframe that's specific that is good at filtering out iffy trades, such as the direction or location of the origin or pricline on the 30, etc?  Thanks.

--- 帖子 #997 ---
I personally think it's good without an indicator because it makes you think through whats happening and get a good feel for whats going on instead of blindly following what a bunch of flashing lights may be telling you to do

It's very easy to do without an indicator

we just have 5 catogories all worth 20% each

1 - Price line -

2 - Origon line -

3- 14,3,3 line -

4 - Filter -

5 - the cross -

Just count them on your fingers and if there are more than 3 that we dont have (60%+ risk)  in the right position - red light

--- 帖子 #998 ---
First there was the 1/5/15m entry at 01:40 (01:35 candle)

All conditions met 0% risk...

Now switching to the 15m TF to see asses where things are at 01:45

--- 帖子 #999 ---
At 01:45 (01:30 candle) No conditions are met for the 15m trade so the thought is to close at +5 pips

BUT... my brain indicator tells me that the trade has only been open for 5m and the 5m 14,1,1 hasn't reached (come close to) 90 yet so SL is set to BE and trade is given another 15m...

--- 帖子 #1000 ---
at 02:00 (01:45 close) we almost have a 0% risk signal on the 15m but the 5m 14,1,1 is opnly at 79% so stay on the 15m chart and wait for the next candle close

--- 帖子 #1001 ---
at 02:15 (2:00 candle) things are now giving a 0% risk signal on the 15m chart so switching to the 30m and waiting for the half hour close

--- 帖子 #1002 ---
At 02:30 (2:00 candle) we get a 20% risk signal with the only condition not met being the 15m filter so hold trade until the next half hour close and continue to ride the escalator

--- 帖子 #1003 ---
I'm just getting to my computer and I see that I missed that entry. Oh well, I'll wait around until the next one.  By the way, it seems like that trade should've worked out if you took it.

--- 帖子 #1004 ---
Hi JD Yep still going not much to show between 2:30 and 3:30 just waiting for the next close...

--- 帖子 #1005 ---
Nice to know that I'm noticeably missed. :-) I'm back in the saddle though.

--- 帖子 #1006 ---
So now at 04:00 our m15 filter has triggered this 30m trade in to a 0% risk continuation signal and so we switch to the 1hour chart and ride this next hour out.

--- 帖子 #1007 ---
How much are you up? I can't enter right now..risk is 60%.. I love this new risk percentile gauge. That really puts things in perspective..like there's an 80% chance that I'll be donating my money to some guy on the other end of the table :-)  Spud said it perfectly, in this we can stack the odds in our favor as opposed to gambling.

--- 帖子 #1008 ---
Thanks Spud for all your valuable threads and teachings -

--- 帖子 #1009 ---
Up 24 pips JD its quite funny actually cause things are certainlly consolidating and even though things haven't even picked up yet I find myself in this controlled trade. - Todays range so far is only 50 pips

For an escalator I guess its a pretty pathetic one lol but pips aside its a great example of how this works.. and yes this %risk is fantastic - It's quite genius actually

--- 帖子 #1010 ---
good morning cindy

pls can you clarify how we calculate the risk%  in your posts

thanks

--- 帖子 #1011 ---
Hi Sarah certainlly...

lets take the first example where we had the 1m/5m/15m signal... The risk here is calculated as 0% so immediatly change our 1m/5m/15m set up to a 5m/15m/30m set up, wait for the next 15m close and then assess the risk at that time...

How did we get a 0% calculation on the first entry?....

Think of it in 5 parts and each part is worth 20% (5x20% = 100%)

The 5 parts of our long trade:

1 - The Price line - Is it above 76.4% or below 23.6% ? In this case the Price line is below 23.6% - Our risk is still 0%

2 - The Origion line - Has it crossed above 23.6%? It has so our risk remains 0%

3 -The 15m 14,3,3 - Has it gone above 20? It has so our risk remains at 0%

4 - Has the 5m crossed the 15m in our direction? It has so our risk remains 0%

5 - Is our 1m filter where we want it to (above 80) ? It is so our risk remains at 0%

That means our total risk = 0% and we can now enter the trade and switch to the 15m - wait for the close and do the same risk assesment on the 15m

So I guess to summarise - If one of the 5 conditions above are not met then we add 20% to our risk

For example...

If 3 conditions are not met it would make our risk 60% (3x20%)

If 2 are not met our risk becomes 40% (2x20%)

Hope this helps it's a lot easier than I might have made it sound here

--- 帖子 #1012 ---
So now the 1 hour candle has closed and the risk is 20% so we hold the trade.

20% risk is because the only condition of our 5 that was not met was our 30m Filter has not crossed 80%

everything else was met...

30m filter has not crossed 80% + 20%

the H1 has crossed the H4, + 0%

The Price line is below 23.6, + 0%

The 30m 14,3,3 has crossed 20, +0%

and the origion line has crossed 23.6 +0%

--- 帖子 #1013 ---
I hope to be jumping in on a short opportunity before too long. Seems like the price line is wanting to come up above 76.4..

--- 帖子 #1014 ---
thanks cindy

its very clear now

nice trade and an exellent life trade

my best wishes

--- 帖子 #1015 ---
No worries Sarah I'm glad I could help

--- 帖子 #1016 ---
Next 1 hour close at 06:00 (05:00 candle) and sticking to the 1 hour chart and hoping for the 30m to get above 80 on the next close so we can jump up another TF.

Risk is still at 20% with the 30m filter under 80% so hold trade -

(sorry just realised this is the 8th chart in this trade I've posted maybe next time I will some how fit it all into 1 smaller post)

--- 帖子 #1017 ---
Cindy, Where is your Stop Loss at this point in time?

Tks/Harry

--- 帖子 #1018 ---
BE for me - I'm hoping to jump up a TF and can then work out from there the risk % and close it if I have to - I think if I stay on this TF by the time a 60% risk is reached it will have depleted a lot of profits...

Fingers crossed - Perhaps also I will exit if I get a 5m/15m/30m short signal - if you look at the 15m chart also it looks very elastic so I'm a bit worried right now = )

--- 帖子 #1019 ---
The 15m just gave a 0% risk signal short so I exited here for +25 pips based on the fact that the 30m is also looking very elastic.

--- 帖子 #1020 ---
Don't know how MT4 works - but only an indicator should not be too hard.

The only think is: how to decide to keep track of the 2 crosses.

for anyone interested: my own process is getting quite complicated by now. (well just Spud's system has about 1000 lines of code - properly the 50%  is documentations and explanation)

As I implemented also the automatic TimeFrameGroup Switching as well as possible many new entries while we still have trades on other TimeFrameGroups.

In Short:

* I decided to keep Track of all TimeFrameGroups Conditions for Short and Long all the time (reassess at Filter Candle close as this is the lowest interval in a TimeGroup)

* additionally I keep track of each Trade - on which TimeFrameGroup it trades at the moment and switch it accordingly.

It still needs some bits until I can let it loose. hope to get this far today or by tomorrow for a first test run. And then the fun - looking for bugs.

* still not sure what to do when for instance there is a problem (like restart of PC / power failure etc.)

At the moment I keep my tracking in memory so I would not know on which TimeFrame a open trade is. maybe I write it in a file or small database later ....

By the way CindyXXXX makes surely a good point here if one wants to understand the relations within the system.

--- 帖子 #1021 ---
hi CindyXXXX,

just some small things I noticed: When you switch TF - should you not adjust your Stoch also: which means the M5 Filter (14,3,3) and the M15(14,1,1)

just some hints ??

nice presentation of your trade

MJ

--- 帖子 #1022 ---
No MJ as far as I'm aware the 5m always stays at 14,1,1 and the rest 14,3,3 but you've got me wondering and I will double check

Thanks

--- 帖子 #1023 ---
CindyXXXX just consider if M5 stays always the same and we apply the same rules to higher TF groups - what about TimeFrame M30 group there we dropped already M5?

one reason why I find it easier to name it like that:

# TimeFrameLevel1: TimeFrame M5 group

FilterTimeFrame=M1  (Stoch_Filter)

MainTimeFrame=M5  (PriceLine, OriginLine, Stoch_Main)

HighTimeFrame=M15  (Stoch_HighFrame)

# TimeFrameLevel2: TimeFrame M15 group

FilterTimeFrame=M5  (Stoch_Filter)

MainTimeFrame=M15  (PriceLine, OriginLine, Stoch_Main)

HighTimeFrame=M30  (Stoch_HighFrame)

# TimeFrameLevel3: TimeFrame M30 group

FilterTimeFrame=M15  (Stoch_Filter)

MainTimeFrame=M30  (PriceLine, OriginLine, Stoch_Main)

HighTimeFrame=H1  (Stoch_HighFrame)

# TimeFrameLevel4: TimeFrame H1 group

FilterTimeFrame=M30  (Stoch_Filter)

MainTimeFrame=H1  (PriceLine, OriginLine, Stoch_Main)

HighTimeFrame=H3  (Stoch_HighFrame)  # well others might have H4 - my broker does not supply

AND Stoch_Main has always(14,1,1) all others: (14,3,3)

well just what I do  -- not absolutely sure what Spud does - but I understood it lick that - and it makes sense and is consistent.

--- 帖子 #1024 ---
Interesting question raise by MJ.

I change the setting to 14.1.1 for the M30 trigger on the 1H timeframe and it went passed the 76.4 which giave 0% risk. Just for testing purposes after MJ raise the question.

--- 帖子 #1025 ---
It is interesting only Spud can silence our queries here but I'm just going by what Spud says to do I've never seen him change any other TF to 14,1,1 other than the 5m - from what I remember him saying once you can use 14,3,3 on the 5m chart but he personally just prefers the 14,1,1 for that particular TF.

But what you say MJ about consistancy does make logical sense.

--- 帖子 #1026 ---
Do you also know that Spud does not have the Trigger set to (14,1,1)

but the Stoch wich CrossOver the Higher TimeFrame ?

CindyXXXX is right that if you look at most of Spuds pic they do not show any changes in higher time frames - I suppose this is not on purpose but just a human error (we just change the Time but forget easily the Stoch because it would be not confortable ;-)

MJ

--- 帖子 #1027 ---
What brings you to this conclusion MJ I can't find one post where Spuds tells us to change any settings - Have you heard this from the man himself?

--- 帖子 #1028 ---
hi cindy

is it a good entry this one ??

can u please give me the chat room address , i lost it .

thanks

--- 帖子 #1029 ---
No, not heard anything else than you ;-)

I just understood it always like that: All settings are (14,3,3) except the one Stoch which crosses the Higher Stoch.

As we apply the same rules to higher TT groups - well it was quite clear that we can not:

* first M5 group: Filter (14,3,3 -- M1) ,Stoch cross higher one  (14,1,1 -- M5)

* second M15 group: Filter (14,1,1 -- M5) ,Stoch cross higher one  (14,3,3 -- M15)

* third M30 group: Filter (14,3,3 -- M15) ,Stoch cross higher one  (14,3,3 -- M30)

Which would give us 3 times a different combination.

well I might be mistaken - but I don't think so and believe it would be a human mistake(lazyness) and not a system design.

But only Spud knows what he really meant. But Spud said somewhere you can set each to 14,3,3 but he prefers the Stoch cross higher one with 14,1,1 - because it lags less. anyway 3 times a different combination would be surely not  constant - it would near random http://www.forexfactory.com/images/icons/icon12.gif

--- 帖子 #1030 ---
Yes Imad thats a nice entry - The chat room address is http://www.chatzy.com/576273330576 all is welcome

--- 帖子 #1031 ---
Hope Spud can clarify this. As usual your questions always havest more infos from Spud. Good for all.

--- 帖子 #1032 ---
HAHA so true....you're like a computer MJ must be all that EA programming

--- 帖子 #1033 ---
hi cindy

I personally think it's good without an indicator because it makes you think through whats happening and get a good feel for whats going on instead of blindly following what a bunch of flashing lights may be telling you to do

It's very easy to do without an indicator

we just have 5 catogories all worth 20% each

1 - Price line -

2 - Origon line -

3- 14,3,3 line -

4 - Filter -

5 - the cross -

Just count them on your fingers and if there are more than 3 that we dont have (60%+ risk)  in the right position - red light

right but if you remember spud first trade on 3 combination than you also remember that you sit 24 hours or something like this infront of the computer if you want to trail it till the 4 hour timeframe.......

and with an indicator this would get easier because you also could set alarms or better than an indicator  write an trailing ea...which give you alarms when timeframe change ...but however if no one is intrested in this than also there will not appear an indicator or wathcing ea  for this.

lodol

--- 帖子 #1034 ---
True

--- 帖子 #1035 ---
hi Spudfyre,

I know you want us post trades - ... but

I came to the point (theroretically) where I moved a nice SHORT Trade all TF groups up.  So, I just had Risk 0 on TF group M30 and moved it up to TF group H1. Risk 20 % -

and than Risk 0%  - seems we need an exception here http://www.forexfactory.com/images/icons/icon12.gif (talking in a way of mechanical rules)

Can not move higher - and no point to exit with a Risk 0 isn't it. (seems the brain indicator works - or I'm really mistaken ;-)

MJ

And here I rumble again: if you don't think it would be wiser to trade on each time frame until we get 60% and than move higher.

It would be nice consistent all through the way:

SO Basically: Simply Rule: Stay on current TF-group until Risk reaches 60% or more -->  re-asses immediately next higher TF-group - if Risk below 60 % move Trade up otherwise close --> when Last TF-group Risk reaches 60% or more always exit.

E.g: PERFECT Trade

* enter PERFECT Trade on TF-group M5 (Risk 0%) -- Stay on TFG M5 until  we reach 60%

* Re-Asses immediately next TF-group M15:  - (if we wait we might stay in a bad trade as we have already reached Risk 60% on the previous TF-group.)

TF-group M15 Risk is 20%  move Trade up    Stay on TFG M15 until  we reach 60%

* and so on.. till we Reach the Last TFG H1  - Stay TFG H1 until we reach 60% FINAL Exit.

E.g: NOT SO PERFECT Trade

* enter NOT SO PERFECT Trade Trade on TF-group M5 -- Stay an TFG M5 until  we reach 60%

* Re-Asses immediately next TF-group M15:  - (if we wait we might stay in a bad trade as we have already reached Risk 60% on the previous TF-group.)

TF-group M15 Risk is  80%  we can not stay on TF-group M5 (Risk60%) we can not move Trade up to TF-group M15 (Risk 80%)  - only choice exit.

What do you think - I do not have the experience if there would be a difference to switching TF-groups at Risk 0.

logically I would say it should be quite the same - but your expertise is needed.

SO Basically: Simply Rule: Stay on current TF-group until Risk reaches 60% or more -->  re-asses immediately next higher TF-group - if Risk below 60 % move Trade up otherwise close --> when Last TF-group Risk reaches 60% or more always exit.

MJ

my own addition for Multi-Trades rule: First TF-group M5 - may just have one Trade at the time - all others are allowed to have multiple Trades.

my own addition only for Enter Rule: at the actual time of a new Trade Entry The Stoch_Main (which is on TF-group M5 the (14,1,1 on M5 Chart) must have a min distance(maybe 30 or so) to 0 (SHORT) or 100 (LONG) (I need something to ride on don't I ;-)

Would also eliminate what CindyXXXX asked a few post before - waiting till the next Higher TF-groups candle as finished to re-asses. and maybe mechanically staying in a trade which might go bad and we do not know yet)

Well, the only thing I see which really speaks against it is that our current Rule:  TF-group M5 is special and is only used to define Entries ?? But some of your points my speak for what I suggested:

--- 帖子 #1036 ---
Hello M-j,

If you read post No 985 you will have your answer.

--- 帖子 #1037 ---
hi Merlyn,

I'm not exactly sure if I understand what you mean or to what part you exactly refer too.

I still think what I pointed out (Post #1033 ) holds.

What Spud says it is okay to use (14,3,3) for all (I believe he was talking for all within one TimeFrame group)

But I still think if one goes with a setting like Spud(for his obvious reason given above) that one should apply the same setting throughout the higher TF-groups.

So I did the extra job and stick with (14,1,1) for M5 and shift the same settings in relation to the higher TF-groups.

Well just my opinion.  MJ

--- 帖子 #1038 ---
Hello M-j,

My interpretation of Spud's explanation is that he uses 4,1,1 on M5 as an entry signal only as it gives a clearer signal with more easily defined peaks etc.  All other time frames in all other time frame groups are set to 4,3,3 as per the trading rules for trading the Rope or Escalator.

--- 帖子 #1039 ---
Thats my understanding as well Merlyn I'm quite sure it's right

--- 帖子 #1040 ---
Oh I see what you mean.

I think that would make also perfectly sense. If that is so - I mis-interpreted it - but it would be perfectly okay as TF-group M5 is special

Now I got really curious what Spud himself really thinks. Waiting for the Master to come ...http://www.forexfactory.com/images/icons/icon12.gif

But CindyXXXX: one would still  need to change the Filter to (14,3,3) on your pic when one move on to TF_group M15

--- 帖子 #1041 ---
We use 14,1,1 on M5 can we use it on higher time frames?

First, there is no reason why you can't use 14,1,1 on the higher time frames, but let me explain why I don't.

14,1,1 is a fast stochastic and as such much more jittery.  The benefits of 14,1,1 in the M5 entry group is that we are using it for entry.  In otherwords, we are not following it after we enter.  These faster (sharper) moves give us a little quicker response to our entry.

When we pop up to M15 and M30 we want to stay in the trade and avoid whipsaws.  On M15 we keep M5 a little faster on the filter just to help it keep pace a bit.  However, the M15 is our trending chart and we want to avoid being affected by whipsaws.  In otherwords, the smoother 14,3,3 line will hold us in just a little longer for M30 and H1.

If I were going to adjust, I'd go all 14,3,3....this would be a slightly more conservative approach.  I think you'd find far less benefits in the higher time frames of using 14,1,1 during the trade.  It is my observation but feel free to experiment.

--- 帖子 #1042 ---
hi Spud,

do I understand the English here correctly:When we pop up to M15 and M30 we want to stay in the trade and avoid whipsaws. On M15 we keep M5 a little faster on the filter just to help it keep pace a bit.

means you keep the M5 (which acts now as Filter at (14,1,1) ?

if so: Wow - no inconstancy but by design.  I  submit humbly ;-)

Thanks really appreciate your help: which means I properly change all back to (14,3,3) and stay conservative ;-) (not to say simplifying and speeding up my Track keeping)

MJ

--- 帖子 #1043 ---
Very nice analysis Cindy...you played that trade about the exact same as me.

I think this is fairly obvious but I might mention it, if we move up a time frame and our risk is too high but we can stay in the lower time frame than you can do that.  If you roll back all the way to M5 and it is at Risk 0 in the same trade direction...we obviously stay in the trade and go to M15 since this is an entry.

This can happen if say M30 is lagging a bit but looks like it will go our way and M15 is still ok risk wise.  It can get a little riskier this way....I prefer them rolling over into each other but with 4 chart groups up it should be fairly easy to see where we are and if the risk is worth taking.

Entries and staying in trades can be at any time the Risk is 0, 20 or 40.  Exits can be at Risk 20, 40, 60, 80 ,100...it is simply how much risk you want in your trade.   For the mechanical system I drew the line on one set of rules to make it simple.  However, in mutliple charts and using our brains you can constantly assess the risk level of each time frame for our trade.

What you are looking for is "rollover" to each higher time frame...if you can rollover to each higher time frame and maintain Risk 0, 20, 40 on each rollover say M15, to M30 for example but M15 has not gone Risk 0 yet and then H1 goes say Risk 20...then you can stay on M15 or bump yourself up to M30.  Don't be afraid to travek through the time frames..it just gives you finer focus on your trade...the higher time frames smooth out the whipsaws and the lower time frames allow you to time your exit.

--- 帖子 #1044 ---
Either.....

Set M5 only at 14,1,1 on M5 Group and M15 Group

or

Set all stochastics to 14,3,3 (except 100,3,3)

--- 帖子 #1045 ---
if i am wrong pls correct me guys

we use 100-3-3 and 14-3-3 on the trading chart

we use 14-1-1 for m5 cross with 14-3-3 m15 and so on with the bigger  tf

we use 14-3-3 as a filter (1tf less than the tradding chart)

--- 帖子 #1046 ---
if we ve a short trade and we found at the candle close the price line is exacly at 76.4ponting down do we consider it a +20% or a -20%

in our risk calculation?

also if i swich the tf and i found in the still open candle that risk is 60% do i exit or i wait for the candle close?

--- 帖子 #1047 ---
good question!

--- 帖子 #1048 ---
here is a situation

i got an 0% long entry on the 5m chart

so i entered price was1.2605

than swiched o 15m combination risk was 20%

at the candle close risk was 0 %

but during that new candle price when up and down and it hit breakeven point the high of that candle was 1.2623

how should i manage that trade when ust i move stop to break even or to profit lock

especialy that price now while im writing this question is jumping up

its was as if they meant to push the price down to hit breakevens

some other cases if i dont move stop to breakeven i regret and it ends with a hit stoploss

how do we manage this?

thanks

--- 帖子 #1049 ---
The EUR isn't really doing a lot today Sarah - I've had the same problem been stopped out at BE a couple of times after being up 15 or so pips..

There was the way Spud suggested where you trail your stop at 50% of your profits E.g up 10 pips - +5 pip stop - up 20 pips - +10 Stop etc.

Apart from that I guess we just have to wait for things to pick up and for the time being maybe settle for small 10 pip gains

I think also a good idea is to be consistant with whatever you choose to do instead of sometimes moving your SL to break even and other times not... Choose one way and stick to it and sometimes you will be stopped out but other times you can catch some pips. But the end result will be consistancy and the odds in your favour over the long run

I guess if you do random things you can expect random results

Personally if im up 15 pips I move my SL to BE every time.

Hopefully Spud can answer your question better

--- 帖子 #1050 ---
What time zone is everyone using MT4 on? I see 17:05 on this chart but on mine it is 13:05. I want to make sure I'm showing the same as everyone.

--- 帖子 #1051 ---
Spud,

Can you look at this chart and tell me why you think this trade failed? I didn't take it but I was just looking at the charts at this time and I see that a long wouldn't have worked out here. Do you see anything that I'm missing or is it just a case in which the market would've burned me? The yellow vertical lines are where every stoch was at the time I would've taken the long.

--- 帖子 #1052 ---
i use metatrader 4 altrade plate forum

cause it gives me the almost similar prices as fxsol my broker

mine is gmt +2

--- 帖子 #1053 ---
I don't see the M15 crossing the M30 upwards at the yellow line.

--- 帖子 #1054 ---
My chart time is EST +7

--- 帖子 #1055 ---
yes cindy you are right about sticking to one system for stoploss and exiting a trade cause i ve random exits and random results

thats why im waiting for the part of stoploss and managing the trade because i think this new system help a lot to be an emotion free trader to escape the traps the market makers do

--- 帖子 #1056 ---
Hello sarah,

One way would be to close a percentage of your trade, say 50%, at a likely first profit target, say +10 pips.  Then set your stop loss to b/e or b/e +1.

If price comes back to hit your s/l you have already banked a profit and simply wait for the next entry.

If price continued in your direction then close 50% of the remaining trade at a second likely target, say +20 pips.  You may then either leave your s/l where it is or move it to +10 pips.

The remaining portion of your trade may then remain open until you receive a signal to close it from whichever chart you are now on.

This method will sometimes allow a portion of your trade to remain open WHEN and not if stop hunting is going on, after which you can re-enter the market and add to your position should you get a new M5 entry signal in the original direction of the trade, something which Spud has eluded to in the past but not yet covered in detail.

The +10 and +20 figures that I used are for example only as we all trade slightly differently, some waiting an extra 20 seconds for confirmation and possibly losing a few pips while others will be in 20 seconds before candle close using the Brain Indicator to anticipating the move and making a few extra pips.  Ideally we should all be keeping our own stats to tell us what these figures, together with our initial entry s/l, should be for our own trading style.

Food for thought: 10 pips a day on 1 full lot = £/$/€100 a day

10 pips a day on 10 full lots = £/$/€1,000 a day

10 pips a day on 100 full lots = £/$/€10,000 a day

Should we be sitting in front of a computer 24/5 trying to make a gazillion pips each day or refining our technique to allow us to make 10 pips in the first hour of trading allowing us to enjoy the remainder of the time as we think best .  I suspect that Spud is trying to teach us the latter

--- 帖子 #1057 ---
I was going off of a M5 entry with the M5 crossing M15 and M1 in overbought.

--- 帖子 #1058 ---
thanks you all guys

cindy and meryln for all the ideas you gave  me i ll practice it  from now on you guys ve a simple way to explain the ideas

iam working now on a micro account with 5% of the account

i am  trying to program myself to the system and emotion free trading

i enjoy that system spud teaching us

i beleive in stochastics

--- 帖子 #1059 ---
Suppose we are looking at the 15m chart.

One of our rules states that for a long, the Origin line must cross 23.6, while another states that m15 must be above 20.

But are they not the exact same thing? Origin line is 14,3,3 and so is the m15 line.

Why do they have different level requirements? And why are there 2 rules for what is essentially the same stoch?

--- 帖子 #1060 ---
Good point! As I had misunderstood what Spud said about the Stoch Settings this was not really a point for me before.

But now I thing you have a point and for me the important is the cross  23.6 and staying above that level  23.6.  What does Spud say ?

2 options:

a. just keep it consistent over all TF-groups to avoid confusion(even as you said it makes not always sense)  -- this is my preferred option.

b. treat the first TF-group as Entry TF-group differently and re-adjust for the other higher once a simplified Rule Set. But maybe with the Risk counting this might get for some more complicated.

just a thought MJ

Quite interesting: when one starts to try to define a system into rules what one comes up too ;-) it's just as fun as programming.

--- 帖子 #1061 ---
Even though they are the same stoch (if they are both 14,3,3)..there are some differences in their moves we are watching for...hence why I use them as separate indicators...

The Origin should cross from above to below 76.4

whereas the 14,3,3 needs to be below 80 and must cross the higher tf down

It probably seems redundant, but it is much easier to see it with 2 stoch charts.  You can follow it all on the Origin Line, I'm just breaking it down for clarity.

If you use 14,1,1 you have to use 2 charts

--- 帖子 #1062 ---
OH SO RIGHT YOU ARE!!!!!!!

--- 帖子 #1063 ---
Good trade going here...4 out of 5 indicator green lights.

--- 帖子 #1064 ---
hi Spudfyre,

I want to sincerely thank you for your effort and willingness to share your thoughts with us.

Even though there are some questions still around, I personally thing I found in the whole threads of yours enough information, to implement over time my own version of a MTF Stochastic trading approach.

For me the time has come to play with different settings - to see how this applies to different market situations and currency pairs.

THANKS so much.

My sincere wish is, that through our questions and your preparation of sharing - your own thinking got more clearly and you reap at least some personal benefits in your trading.

Until now I was most impressed by your wonderful presentation - but to be honest I do not yet know if it holds true the testing.

Well, don't take this as critic I just want to say that I'm not just 'following blindly' http://www.forexfactory.com/images/icons/icon12.gif  I need now for myself to prove that what you shared freely holds true (and best would be -- across market conditions and currencies)

I'm going to look forward to move on to the next topic like:  your way of money management, UnitSizing and what else to come .....

http://www.forexfactory.com/images/icons/icon2.gif http://www.forexfactory.com/images/icons/icon2.gif http://www.forexfactory.com/images/icons/icon2.gif   BIG THANK YOU !!!

MJ

Also Thanks to all others who contributed throughout this thread.

--- 帖子 #1065 ---
If you haven't noticed, this system is designed to trade off the peaks. One way to time your entries and look at the entire picture is to look to see if we are trading off a peak or not.

The advantage of trading off the peak is that it does allow you to keep a fairly tight stop loss and minimize.

If you look back at my balls you'll recognize this pattern over the time frames. The prelude to an off the peak short entry is that everything is in the M5 Group is maxing out at the top. Likewise with the M15 group and the M30 group..the 2 exceptions are the H1 and H4. Rememeber that our shorter time frames must fall first down to H1 and H4 before H1 and H4 can continue to climb.

The second chart shows our M5 Group entry..you can see how we come off the peak and how our M5 Group setsup to clear us out of the overbought market. When the downward move starts to near it's end you will see M5 and M15 start to put up the roadblocks (not shown).

You can attack these off the peak moves by putting your S/L at the high of the peak and setting your profit within the market range...i.e. if it is a tight range...keep the profits small. Put a second trade in to catch to play the trend and wait for the Risk to get to high.

--- 帖子 #1066 ---
i see that this system is so good for trend  traders and scalping too

but my main problem now is how to manage the trade and the position of the take profit position if i close 50% of the lots at 10 pips profit and move the rest to breakeven sometimes price return back and hit it sometimes i take another 10 pips but the trend  starts an esclator  but i find myself out too early due to my stop positions espacialy when i move to the 30m combinaton i find the trade hard to control

pls spud we need you o talk about how to manage the trade to protect our gain in a ranging day and to run  with the newborn trend

thanks

--- 帖子 #1067 ---
FOR ANYONE Interested!!

well - Spud stretched my brain quite a bit - properly the most complicate Bot I did until now.   - still not finished but I think the most difficult parts I solved (more or less).http://www.forexfactory.com/images/icons/icon12.gif

To solve one of the problem: how to I know by a new start of the Computer if and which CrossOver had occurred -- well as I try to avoid writing to much into files/databases I solved it in looking back about 480 Candles of the FilterTimeFrame

Until now I just did it for the TF-group M5 ( I call it TimeFrameLevel1) this are about 8 hours.

A side product of it might be quite interesting: it shows for every minute the exact state of Risk over the 8 hours TF-group M5 ( I call it TimeFrameLevel1)

I just copied (by Hand) the relevant Log where we got RISK 0 for LONG Entries.

Well there are sure still some mistakes - but in the future I might do some statistic on it (like for how many minutes a Risk level 0 stays , How often it switches between 0 and 1 etc. - you got the idea).

For anyone interested I attached a txt file - best viewed without line wrapping.

MJ

like I said properly there are still bugs: well I checked the last one on the chars at it was OK. (your charts might be a bit different because of your broker)

PS: after the discussion about Stoch settings - I decided that I follow Spud's reasoning and experience: So M5 has(14,1,1) all others (14,3,3) For TF-group M5

PS: Later info: I found a copy past error on the M15 Stoch -- not sure if I had it already when I did that - maybe it was wrong: just thought mention it:

--- 帖子 #1068 ---
I'll discuss it tonight....I promise.

--- 帖子 #1069 ---
Nice work!  Will give this a study.  Nice to know I'm working your brain

--- 帖子 #1070 ---
MJ

PS: Later info: I found a copy past error on the M15 Stoch -- not sure if I had it already when I did that - maybe it was wrong: just thought mention it:

--- 帖子 #1071 ---
Hi

Thanks for Spud and his concept

Thanks for all contributors , specially MJ who showed a great patience in programming.

---------------------------------

Allow me to put a question about crossover, probably to facilitate the reading

as crossover is sometime very near to occur , or has occured in a tangent mode that did not aloow us to distinguish the crossing which leaves a doubt in our entry

--------------------------------

Is it possible to put the two curves of two different stochs on one chart using the facility of Stoch MTF, instead of using two charts where the two curves are far distant.

Rgds

--- 帖子 #1072 ---
Updated indicator see post http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...postcount=1092

Hello Everyone!

I'm new to this Thread,

is little more than a week that I don't post on the forum, because I was trying to understand and to test the Spud method.

I must say that seems very interesting and I decided to try to make an indicator that follows the directions given by Spud.

My approach to coding is fairly recent, I have modified other indicators, I hope this goes well enough.

After three days of coding that is the result.

Well, the indicator shows the combinations of time frames, i have added also TF1.

The combinations are:
For up trend

Price line < 23.6 and Origin line > 23.6 green signal

price line > 76.4 Origin line and  < 23.6 green signal

Stoch crossing: Stoch1> Stoch2 and Stoch1 > 20 green signal

Filter line > 76.4
For Down Trend:

Price line> 76.4 Origin line and  < 76.4 signal red

price line < 23.6 and Origin line > 76.4 signal red

Stoch crossing: Stoch1 < Stoch2 and Stoch1 < 80 red signal

Line Filter < 23.6.

If there aren't these combinations the signal is neutral.

Try the indicator and tell me if it works well or if there are changes to be done, I have not had much time to try it, I just finished it.

Good Luck.

Lubo

--- 帖子 #1073 ---
Awesome, thanks Lubo!  Will test it out.

--- 帖子 #1074 ---
thanks lubo

i will test

lodol

--- 帖子 #1075 ---
At this moment the first two bars, price and orign, give the same signal together, following the combinations described in my post above.

The other two bars are independent.

If you see the settings, you can set all values for each stochastic. In the filter, there is one more setting in which case that for TF M1, because we can not go to a lower TF, I set them according to my tests.

You can also put the indicator in the main window, setting chart_window = true, and then move it where you want by changing the values of x and y.

Thanks for your feedback.

Lubo

--- 帖子 #1076 ---
Ok, let's take a look at the overall picture of where we are and what we are trading. Between triggers, ropes and escalators it can be confusing.

The simple definition is we are trading the breakout from the over market. We are doing this to catch a new trend.

Complicate this and we are trading the oscillations within a trend that builds a trend or reverses a trend. In otherwords we are trading just about everything possible to trade. We even ride the overmarket when we are in a trade if we desire.

But let's keep this simple, as this is what we built the mechanical system to be.

Our best strategy is to trade off the peak of the price move. If you follow the mechanical system you can see this is what we are doing "most" of the time and we can certainly restrict our trades to seek peaks. Again, we can get very complicated chasing daily peaks, trading with trends, etc. but let's just play the off the peak trade.

The first chart identifies a standard M5 long entry with a Risk 0. If you back up a 2 candles from our long entry you can see the price peak and the stochastic peak. (If you recall the rope this is our peak).

The lowest point on this peak is our resistance line. As such I would set a stop at least 10 pips below our resistance line. This is NOT a pre-programed stop...this is a stop in your brain. There is no reason to tell our broker our true stop and get spiked out. Our set stop is set at between 50-100 pips this is our physical stop to protect our account from an emergency. The odds of actually hitting this stop are in the 99 percentile or better if you enter on an R0 with M5.

We use the 10 pip below our peak stop as something we use to exit if we cannot see any hope of our trade going our way...where our risk is too high (R60-R100).

In the trade we are using our time frames to assess our risk. We start with the M5 group to enter. We want the M15 group to take-over. In a perfect world this will happen quickly in M15 (1-2 M15 candles from entry). There is nothing wrong with riding M5 and observing risk, but we should always finish an M15 candle that looks like it "might" support our trade and have risk R0 to R40 risk. Obviously the same holds true for M30 and H1 groups. As long as we can justify our risk on a time frame we can stay in the trade. The higher the time frame we move up...the more we are trend trading.

There is no such thing as an early exit. If a trend is goint to continue you will get multiple entry signals and just keep trading them.

Your single objective in trading this sytem is to enter of the peak in the right direction. Imagine if you can do that 99/100 times and gain 5 pips a trade.

IT IS NOT HOW MANY PIPS YOU MAKE...IT IS ABOUT HOW MUCH YOUR PIPS ARE WORTH. Let me put it this way...if you enter a trade and you know you can't lose...how much money would you trade? As much as you can find! If you are entering a trade and have no confidence where it will go, how much will you trade? $1 a pip and as tight a stop as possible. What will win more and what will win you more?

You can easily make 20 pips a day on this system and if you follow it and are picky about your entry you will learn to do it with 100% confidence. Not only do we have signals, we have patterns and these patterns show up over and over on every good trade. You have to practice.

Anyways, ignore me if you wish and feed your ego on 200 pip trades...but ego doesn't make money in trading.

So back to the chart below. When we enter; the M5 group stays betwen R0 to R40 until the close of the second M15 candle where M15 takes over at R20 and M5 dies at R80. So the question is do you exit at M5 being R80 or do you stay at M15 R20? Are you positive pips? Is M5 showing signs for a short? Did we hit our mental stop? No. No. No. So go on to M15 and watch M5 for any reversal short entry. If your losing pips exit if you have an reversal signal, you hit your mental stop, or there is no hope of your trade continuing to support you.

The second chart is M15 and you can see we get in an up trend with M15. M5 and M15 settle on low risk levels for some time and this is easy to follow.

If you are going to trade to an exit indicator it is when M5 brings up a R0 for a short trade as shown on the M15. You have lots of pips so get out. Don't even bother using M30 Group. Take your pips and get out. If the long trend is going to continue you will get a new long signal...or trade the M5 short and use the M5 peak to set your stop on the short.

You can use any number of exit criteria....just remember the more pips you chase the more you risk.

Move your stop up? This is up to you and how you want to play. You can trade 2 lots...one for sniping and one for trending. This will likely keep your trend chasing loses to a minimum. I like to guarantee myself 5 pips a trade but not at the expense of getting to tight on my stop. I suggest at least a 15 pip spread..so up 20 set your mental stop at 5.

I snipe...I'd much rather trade 20 trades within a trend and make a pile of pips along the way than trade 1 trade and hope this is "the trend". I have no idea if I'll make 200 pips on this trade...but I know I when I enter I will make 5-20 pips almost all the time.

Summary:

Set your S/L 10 pips from the lowest low/highest high at the peak.

Enter with R0 on M5 and after (off) a peak

Try to upgrade to M15 but watch M5 for revesal signs

Exit on positive pips...don't get greedy take it in small trades and many steps rather than just 1 trade

Find your exit..pick pips, fib lines, revesral....just remember if you are chasing pips you raise your risk

Having problems? Post your charts, I'll help you.

--- 帖子 #1077 ---
Great work!  I'll give it a test.

--- 帖子 #1078 ---
Would that be a M5 R0 trade on the second chart even though the price line wasn't over 76.4 at the time that one would've taken the short? I was thinking a M5 R20 but please advise.

--- 帖子 #1079 ---
Feeding the thoughts!

WELL THIS IS A LONG POST  --  PROPERLY FOR SOME DAYS MY FEW LAST ONCE !!

I thought I will share with my implementation of Spuds MTF Stochastic!

I want to warn you - this follows basically Spud's rules - but some twists by me: mainly because I like it or I do not see any other reason worth.

I share that for two reason:

1. Maybe there is something - which feeds your thoughts in implementing your design of it - or which will overall improve or simplify something.

2. Maybe I got somewhere mixed up - and you have reasonable thoughts of improvement.

OK MJ's present implementation.:

PMTF Stochastics With Time Frame Shift:

A implementation with an emergency StopLoss - BUT no Trailing - Exit is purely by Risk assessment (or Hit of EmergensyStopLoss)

1. Stoch Settings: I follow strictly Spud's Stoch settings

REASON:

a. I thought first the different settings applied to different TF-goups was a mistake - but Spud reasoned it was by design.

b. I think for the beginning it is best to use the same settings Spud proved in his own trading - if things will be successful as hoped for - I still can play with changing the settings.     # TimeFrameLevel1: TF-goup M5

FilterTimeFrame=M1  (Stoch_Filter (14,3,3))

MainTimeFrame=M5  (PriceLine (100,3,3), OriginLine (14,3,3), Stoch_Main (14,1,1))

HighTimeFrame=M15  (Stoch_HighFrame (14,3,3))

# TimeFrameLevel2: TF-goup M15

FilterTimeFrame=M5  (Stoch_Filter (14,1,1))

MainTimeFrame=M15  (PriceLine (100,3,3), OriginLine (14,3,3), Stoch_Main (14,3,3))

HighTimeFrame=M30  (Stoch_HighFrame (14,3,3))

# TimeFrameLevel3: TF-goup M30

FilterTimeFrame=M15  (Stoch_Filter (14,3,3))

MainTimeFrame=M30  (PriceLine (100,3,3), OriginLine (14,3,3), Stoch_Main (14,3,3))

HighTimeFrame=H1  (Stoch_HighFrame (14,3,3))

# TimeFrameLevel4: TF-goup H1

FilterTimeFrame=M30  (Stoch_Filter (14,3,3))

MainTimeFrame=H1  (PriceLine (100,3,3), OriginLine (14,3,3), Stoch_Main (14,3,3))

HighTimeFrame=H3 or H4  (Stoch_HighFrame (14,3,3))

* note my broker does not support H4 so I use H3 instead

2. Risk Assessment:  I follow strictly Spud's Risk assessment

REASON:

makes sense to me - for the higher TF-groups OriginLine and Stoch_Main are the same and one could simplify it: I do for different reason keep it separated. SHORT_RISK

SHORT_PriceLine_above_76_4_OR_below_23_6

SHORT_OriginLine_crossed_below_76_4

SHORT_Stoch_Main_below_80

SHORT_Stoch_Main_crossed_below_Stoch_HighFrame

SHORT_Stoch_Filter_below_23_6

LONG_RISK

LONG_PriceLine_above_76_4_OR_below_23_6

LONG_OriginLine_crossed_above_23_6

LONG_Stoch_Main_above_20

LONG_Stoch_Main_crossed_above_Stoch_HighFrame

LONG_Stoch_Filter_above_76_4
* ADDITION: 'Entry_MinDistance'  at the time of entering a new Trade I do a check for a min distance of Stoch_M5 :For LONG this is the difference to the 100 for Short Distance to the 0 Stochastic number.

e.g 'Entry_MinDistance' = 30 means: For a SHORT entry the Stoch_M5 MUST be additionally above 30, For LONG entry the Stoch_M5 MUST be additionally below 70

REASON: as I do run a fully automatic system - I had it sometimes that all Risk where 0 but the Stoch_M5 had reached already the other side which I did not think I want for obvious reason.

I count Risk Levels like that: e,g: before risk assessment I set

SHORT_RISK = 5  - I assume at start of assessment always Highest Risk- until I proved it to be lower.

for each failed check I subtract 1.

So my Risk Levels go from 0 - 5

Acceptable Risk Level is 0,1 and 2.

The additional  'Entry_MinDistance' is not counted in by the Risk Levels (to be consistent over TF_groups) but only applied separately for new Trades.

3. NEW TRADES ENTRY:

My broker does not allow SHORT and LONG Trades in one account: So I use 2 Accounts - one for only Short trades the other for only Long trades.

a. I only enter new trades on TF_group M5 ->  and only if on this particular TF_group and Account there is not already a open trade: (you will understand better what I mean when I come to Switching TF-groups.

b. I enter new trades only by  3 assesments:

TF-group M5 must have Risk level: 0

additional  'Entry_MinDistance' : must be met

only if there is NO open trade on TF_group M5  at the moment (for that Account)

REASON: only if there is NO open trade on TF_group M5  at the moment (for that Account)

I re asses the Risk Levels every Minute (actually 5 seconds after a full min - so to have just a closed Candle)

If TF_group M5 had just Risk 0 and I enter a New trade - it properly will have Risk 0 in the next minutes  check again - I would get too many multiply Trades for actually one clear Entry. (There are many ways to solve this - I did it as described above)

you will see that I fully allow multiply trades. Theoretically there could be hundreds of Long and hundreds of Short trades open at the same time.

If all Trades are on higher TF_groups I enter still New trades: Short and Long whatever comes

4. Time Frame Group Switch and EXIT: I differ here quite a bit from Spud.

REASON:

For me it makes more sense to switch Time Frame Levels (TF-groups) when the acceptable Risk is broken.

my Acceptable risk is: Risk 0,1, or 2  (by my Risk assesment as defined above)

EXIT: I exit never by moving Trailing StopLoss or TakeProfit Trades (StopLoss is purely emergency here)

I exit only by Risk assesment.

Basically I implemented 3 version (2 are quite similar) of Time Frame Group Switch to choose from:

I think they advance go from safest to most risky TF_group switch (remember I don't trail StopLoss)1 TimeFrameLevel_ChangeType 1 Rule: Stay on current TF-group until Risk reaches 60% or more (by my definition: 3 or more) --> re-asses immediately next higher TF-group - if Risk below 60 % move Trade up otherwise close --> when Last TF-group Risk reaches 60% or more always exit.

2 TimeFrameLevel_ChangeType 2: Rule: Stay on current TF-group until Risk reaches 60% or more --> re-asses immediately next higher TF-group - if Risk below 60 % move Trade up otherwise close --> when Last TF-group Risk reaches 60% or more  - re-asses immediately the very first TF-group - if Risk below 60 % move Trade to it otherwise close --> and we start the Circle from the beginning

REASON 2: just a small twist to number 1 --> basically I just liked the though of possible theroretically entering an ever ongoing profitable trade ;-)

3 TimeFrameLevel_ChangeType 3: Rule: Stay on current TF-group until Risk reaches 60% or more --> re-asses immediately next higher TF-group - if Risk below 60 % move Trade up otherwise -- check in an order (always to the next lower TF-group) if any of the lower TF-groups have a supportive Risk Level if so move the Trade to it (and continue as before) - if the next Higher TF-group and NO Lower TF group have a supportive Risk level close the trade (never over jump a TF-group  higher - but you can overjump lower TF-roups.

REASON 3: I think overjumping higher TF_groups add to my risk as there are substantially higher reversal within the still acceptable Risk assessment. - whereas going to Lower TF_groups does not have such a problem.

Side Note: only with  TimeFrameLevel_ChangeType 3 I can have multiple trades on TF_group M5 (in case I move Trades down).

There are other things as possible money management ect - but I think I shared most of the trading rules

I should say: That I'm still not 100% convinced if Switching Time Frames makes really sense  and is necessary to get the optimum of profit. Because of that I also implemented a second version.

PMTF Stochastics Without Time Frame Shift_USING Trailing StopLoss:
REASON:

Thought is like that: A trade itself has no idea about TF http://www.forexfactory.com/images/icons/icon12.gif

So if a trade follows certain rules (like the one presented by Spud MTF Stochastic) it will do so if we switch or if we do not switch TF.

So it would seem to me reasonable to apply the same Entry rules on TF_group M5 and than just forget all thoughts about TF and use a trailing StopLoss.

Tricky thing is to get the optional StopLoss so to not get Stopped out too early -- but also not too far away to loose halve of our profit if the Trade turns.

SO: for my second VERION: PMTF Stochastics Without Time Frame Shift_USING Trailing StopLoss

1. I use ONLY TF_group M5 and only to define New Trade entries.

2. I apply the exact same rules for Trade Entry as in the other system.

Note: (this means I can not have multiply trades in one account) max is one Long and one Short trade open at the same time.

3. I still set the exact emergency StopLoss in the beginning.

4. I have added an optional parameter to set a fixed Take Profit by Trade Entry. just to use it if wanted - if used it changes to some extend  the reason for the trailing stop loss.

5. most important in this approach: TRAILING STOP LOSS SYSTEM:

I can think of different possiblilities to do a flexible system:

The one I implemented: conficuration is like this:"TrailingStopLoss" : [

{ 'MinProfitInPips' : 12, 'TrailingStopLossPercentage' : 17},

{ 'MinProfitInPips' : 20, 'TrailingStopLossPercentage' : 30},

{ 'MinProfitInPips' : 30, 'TrailingStopLossPercentage' : 45},

{ 'MinProfitInPips' : 40, 'TrailingStopLossPercentage' : 50},

{ 'MinProfitInPips' : 60, 'TrailingStopLossPercentage' : 60},

{ 'MinProfitInPips' : 80, 'TrailingStopLossPercentage' : 60},

{ 'MinProfitInPips' : 100, 'TrailingStopLossPercentage' : 70},

{ 'MinProfitInPips' : 120, 'TrailingStopLossPercentage' : 80},

{ 'MinProfitInPips' : 150, 'TrailingStopLossPercentage' : 85},

{ 'MinProfitInPips' : 170, 'TrailingStopLossPercentage' : 90},

],

One can add as many settings or as few as one wants - completly adjustable.

REASON:

I one uses a fixed let's say 50% Trailing Stop Loss you get this problem:

a. In the beginning where one is just 10 or 20 PIPS up it is too close and get's easily hit.

b. later on if one was lucky to nmake it throught the first stage and say we are up 150 PIPs it is too far aways and if the trade turns against you would have in the end just (50% from 150 = 75) 75 PIPs.

With adjusting the Trailing StopLoss by percentage of profit this is somewhat taken care for.

There would be a even more delicate way to do it and adjust it all purelly by percentage like:

{ 'MinProfitInPips' : 12, 'MinTrailingStopLossPercentage' : 17, MaxProfitInPips: 200, MaxTrailingStopLossPercentage' : 95, }

And than calulate dynamicaly at any point the correct Percentage When we Reach our MaxProfitInPips: 200 - we reached also our MaxTrailingStopLossPercentage -- after that we just keep it by MaxTrailingStopLossPercentage.

If you get what I mean.

I implemented my version of Trailing Stop Loss because I wanted to set key points. and not only be linear.

So: I will still need a couple of days to run both implementations parallel.

HOPE for someone - something I shared might be a idea to take and stimulates or thinking too.  Or you spot a problem and point it out.

MJ

Maybe I forgot to mention: that both system implementation are designed to trade multiple Pairs at the same time - basically as many as you define.

(Note for someone who thinks manual trading is always better:

if one trades 8 Pairs at the same time you have to assess 16 Risk potions(SHORT and LONG) for each TF_group having 4 TF_groups one would have to keep track of 64 Risk assessments not to mention all the different Stochastic lines per TF_group. AND additionally keep track at about each Trade on which TF_group it is actually trading just to mention a few reason -- of course one can always just stick to 1 or 2 pairs ... but there are some god points in automatizing....)

--- 帖子 #1080 ---
To help me thinking at what candle I'm looking at in a multi time frame system I made a simple chart. I thought why not put it up - maybe it is for some others useful too.

I hope it works in excel (I actually don't use Excel so I exported it).

MJ

--- 帖子 #1081 ---
Well,

I noticed that my indicator does not work so well.

It isn't very easy to put together all the combinations, and certainly everything that we see with our eyes in movement and position of stochastic  can't put it in the indicator.

However I am working to improve it.

Good job to all.

P.S. in the last  pages of thread, there are a lot of new information, I'm not yet able to read them all, working to the indi.

--- 帖子 #1082 ---
hi LuboLabo,

The only real thing to think about and which greatly complicated it for me was the 2 crosses (actually 4 if one counts SHORT and LONG)

All other Risk assessment would be easy - but how do you know that a cross has happened.

And this has to be done for all TF-groups all the time.

I solved it that I keep track of it (I actually keep track of all conditions as it was not much difference). And if I start fresh or restart for any reason I go back for each time frame group about 481 Candles(Filter time Frame.)

To align there all other candles rightly was quite some thinking work too.

Don't know how one would solve this differently - except to alter the rule and use only the current position. (as I tried and Spud said the cross is important and I agreed with the Master;-)

Happy programming

MJ

--- 帖子 #1083 ---
Strictly speaking yes it is an R20.  My point was..grab your pips before you get there.

--- 帖子 #1084 ---
Perhaps an indicator without the crossover?   That would at least simplify it(?)  Also, wondering if it would be better just to update the bars on the last candle close, rather than live.  Would that not be easier to calculate a crossover (on candle close)?

--- 帖子 #1085 ---
Hi Spud today i seem to be starved of any good entries with the price line not doing its thing so maybe I'm a bt bored for my own good and trying to find pips where there are none... But

I was just wondering though - Going by your risk% if we take a trade with the price line out of position then technically it if everything else is in the right position it would give us a 20% risk (calculation)

looking back at today there seem to be many entries like this that worked out and probebly roughly about 4 out of 5 success rate...

If we can justify the 20% risk with the position of the  higher timeframes is it still a safe entry instead of a gamble?

--- 帖子 #1086 ---
Did not skyline do such indicator already?? As I do not use MT4 do not know.

I think without the crossover it would be much simpler as one has just to verify the current positions at any time in history.

Simply: is it now:   PriceLine_above_76_4_OR_below_ 23_6

one does not need to keep track of anything: just ask the question at the any time.

the crossover has the real problem (I don't think skylines version had solved that even though if I remember correctly he checkt for crosses): How do I know when I start my computer - if a crossover had already occurred before? - one has to look back a certain number of frames. But who knows how many ;-) you get my point. So thats why I think it is better to keep track - also less calculation when one has it up and running.

I choose 481 Filter Candles only because I do not get much more History Candles from my broker. So I do the best as I can and afterwards keep track.

Not sure if I understand what you mean: Also, wondering if it would be better just to update the bars on the last candle close, rather than live. Would that not be easier to calculate a crossover (on candle close)?

skyline and I anyway followed your suggestion to use only Last Closed candle as Risk assessment point. In case of a crossover there is also involved the closed candle previous to our Last One.

Anyway - I'm do not know anything about MT4 EA's and do not know if it is suited to address all this question -

But I could imagine that properly a programmer could implement such thing - BUT because of the complexity  it took me  about 10 long days  - and I did not completely finish it yet - neighter look for all posible bugs ;-)

MJ

--- 帖子 #1087 ---
Hi CindyXXXX - maybe an other alternative could be looking at other pairs if one does not do anything.

Just a thought - not sure if it really works as Spud always mentions just EUR/USD - but how he presented the system would suggest that other pairs will follow similar rules.

Happy trading to you  MJ

--- 帖子 #1088 ---
Hi All,

I have improved the indicator.

Now all bars are indipendent and i have added a new feauture, we can choise no last bar.

Thrown in the recycling bin the previous indicator and try this.

Lubo

P.s i don't understand well the problem with corss.

help me to improve the indicator.

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1089 ---
You can certainly trade all pairs with this....I find EUR/USD enough for me and prefer the low spread...but the same fundamentals hold true for all currencies.  You will want to find currencies that tend to break out of the overmarkets more quickly rather than those that doddle forever in them.

You can also trade the overmarkets, you need to change the rules a bit but the same rules and combinations that take you out can keep you in an overmarket trade (think backwards)...take the entry on the entry of the overmarket for M5 and go from there.

--- 帖子 #1090 ---
Spud, Cindy and I were talking and she is only entering trades once the priceline has peaked at 90 or 10. This filters out a lot of trades but pretty much ensures that price is changing direction. What I don't understand though is do we WANT the priceline to be separated a good bit from the Origin line? and if so, why? Is it not good to have them both moving up over 23.6 or down over 76.4 together?

--- 帖子 #1091 ---
Lubo good to see you working on the indicator.

not sure what you do not understand about the cross.

I try to explain simply what I mean:

Let's just use a SHORT Risk assessment as example:

You switch on your PC and start your indicator:

you check 5 things:

EASY: SHORT_PriceLine_above_76_4_OR_below  _23_6

EASY: SHORT_Stoch_Main_below_80

EASY: SHORT_Stoch_Filter_below_23_6

PROBLEM:

SHORT_Stoch_Main_crossed_below_Stoch_HighFrame

SHORT_OriginLine_crossed_below_76_4

Tell me how do you know if the OriginLine has crossed below 76.4% ?

You may say it the easy way: well if the Previous_OriginLine was above or at 76.4% and the next (LastClosed Candle) is below 76.4% it has crossed.

This is True (if I remember correctly skyline did something like that) and I do it also.

But it is just the half truth: look at Spuds picture below about the much later entry - this will happen (maybe in a slightly faster way) with using the M1 filter most of the time.

The cross could have happened at any time before the entry ...  It could have happened already before you switched on your PC. How do you know it has happened ???

Hope this clears a bit about the Problem of the crossing - it is mainly a problem because it must not happen simultaneously with our Trade enter (in fact it will properly not  happen often simultaneously because of the other assessments)

Hope this helps a bit.

--- 帖子 #1092 ---
Think of the price line and 14,3,3 much like a %K and %D..or almost any oscillator or moving avaerage with 2 lines.  Strong moves come when the lines split apart and then they eventually snap back together.

The problem with a 100,3,3 line that is responding quickly with the 14,3,3 line is that it usually is a weak situation.  The ideal situation, is that the 14,3,3 pulls away from the price line and heads for say, oversold.  Then the price line moves and follows it down.  That means we have travelled in a very strong down move.

If you look at good escalator moves in a down trend, you'll see this move.  In the strict system, I'm trying to use this split as a good down move.  We simply repeat this split through the time frames...in otherwords we are trying to avoid the snap back and take advantage of the stochastic placement that gives us the strongest move (reliably).  However, if you look back at M5 say from M30 and we are in a down trend you will likely see the 14,3,3 sticking in an oversold position and the M5 price line falling.

I don't want to confuse issues too much, so I'll leave it at that as to why we are using the split of the Origin and Price Line to enter a trade.

--- 帖子 #1093 ---
Well, i understand what u mean.

In my indi there is not this problem, all bar are indipendent:
Price:
- price above 76.4 & price  < price prev : color red

- price below 23.6 & price  < price prev : color green
Origin:
- origin below 76.4  & < origin prev : color red

- origin above 23.6 & > origin prev : color green
Stoch Cross:
- stoch cross1 < 20 & stoch cross1 < stoch cross2 & stoch cross1 < stoch cross1 prev : color red
- stoch cross1 > 20 & stoch cross1 > stoch cross2 & stoch cross1 > stoch cross1 prev : color green
Filter
filter < 23.6 : color red

filter > 76.4 : color green

When this combinations aren't meet : color neutral.

that's all!

Lubo.

--- 帖子 #1094 ---
hi Lubo,

I suppose:
color red means: SHORT OK
color green means: LONG OK
color neutral. means not OK

if that is so I can see a lot of differences to what I understood -- who knows I might have misunderstood something.

MJ

--- 帖子 #1095 ---
CAN  a gifted programmer convert this indicator to an all stochastic no last bar indicator

thanks

--- 帖子 #1096 ---
I have updated preview post because i missed the underline specification

Price:
- price above 76.4 & price  < price prev : color red

- price below 23.6 & price  < price prev : color green

I' don't know if you have misunderstood something, but red & green does not mean necessarily short and long, but only the condition that I mentioned in prev post are reached.

Lubo

--- 帖子 #1097 ---
.

I like the JPY pairs, and I have tried this method especially on JPY/EUR & JPY/GBP and I noticed that does not work just like on EUR/USD, their movement are different.

In last week JPG pair was almost ranging, and were up and down for a few pips, not easy to find an entry. But usually they do much larger movements.

The market always changes.

Lubo

--- 帖子 #1098 ---
Spud,

Can you take a look at this and see why this wouldn't have worked out? I'm using the M5/M15 crosses with the M1 overmarket filter.  Trading only on the M5 tf.

--- 帖子 #1099 ---
I just went live with this one.

--- 帖子 #1100 ---
MMM I can't tell why it reversed. Lets see what Spud sez. ( actually still like when the m15 points my way and is below 80 for a short)  Anyway I entered on the next trade y ou posted when the M1 went to oversold like you did but the price isn't moving much. My SL is at the peak so I'm biting my nails a bit.

FW

--- 帖子 #1101 ---
Here's a stoch cross alert modified to paint an arrow when the priceline goes >90 or <10.

--- 帖子 #1102 ---
I didn't know you were a coder

--- 帖子 #1103 ---
I'm up +8 right now.

**EDIT: I exited at +6.8 when I got a M5 long trigger.

--- 帖子 #1104 ---
.

I do not want to answer in place of Spud, I say only my opinion.

I do not think that this method is always infallible, this is probably one of those moments.

However, if you note the price line does not pointing down and filter line already point high when u entry into the trade.

Lubo

--- 帖子 #1105 ---
Yes, I see. You're right..that may have been the problem.

--- 帖子 #1106 ---
No I don't know how to code, but I searched for a stoch signal that would email me when the priceline was extremely oversold or overbought cause I didn't want to sit at the computer all day no reason. The closes I could find was someone explaining on one of the forums how to modify the stoch crossover indicator to ring when the stoch reaches a certain point. Just changed one line of code. Not brain surgery. I sure wouldn't try to write an indicator from scratch.

PS I'm stil in that trade, + 7, but moved my SL to BE. I think the long term stochs may turn down in the near future??? Don't want to miss the escalator down. Anyway its a free trade right now.

FW

IMPORTANT PS.  YOu have to change the setting to 100,3,3 for that indicator to work!!!

--- 帖子 #1107 ---
I have done, to my indi, part of the change that you asked me. I'm working to make other changes and additions. I will post it when I see that they work well.

Lubo

--- 帖子 #1108 ---
This is an early entry. If your mental stop loss is set at the peak (as shown) +10 pips you'd remain in this trade. You stay in until you are positive pips or you reach the mental stop and there is no hope on M5 and/or M15.

Have we made pips? No.

Is there any signal for long? No.

Did we hit the mental stop? No.

Stay put. If the trade isn't to your liking set tp to 0 pips and either wait until we hit a condition that takes us out or you get out unscathed.

This isn't a pretty trade but M15 gives us all the reason to ride this out.

--- 帖子 #1109 ---
We will get false entries.  The filter cuts those done but does not eliminate them.

--- 帖子 #1110 ---
Spud, will you lecture us on money management with the system?  I feel like I should put two trades in....one with a TP of 10 which is almost always hit, and another moved to BE when the first one hits and just watch it through the different TF's.  Perhaps you can be more certain of + pips most trades while not missing out on the escalator set ups?

FW

--- 帖子 #1111 ---
Ok, let me simplify this....

The chart below identifies the 5 last most obvious, and most reliable trade entries today. I am only looking at the Origin line crossing above 23.6 or below 76.4 and the Price Line with the Origin line. Whether we enter these trades depends on 3 other criteria.....our M5/M15 cross, our M1 filter, and our M5 cross 20/80. Again, this is the pickiest of picky trade entry situations. The 3 other criteria are there to confirm the "off peak" trade developed by the Origin Line and the Price Line.

So, the first criteria of money management is met that we want to know that our entry will be successful (as sure as we can be).

The next criteria is that we do not want to set our hard stops where our friendly broker can spike us out. Ideally, price will not draw down against us, but it will from time to time. We want a mental stop 10 pips from our peak. Our peak is the lowest or highest spot...we are always trading "off the peak".

We set an emergency stop 50-100 pips away from our entry...this is a hard stop. Our mental stop is 10 pips plus the peak,,this is a soft stop..one that does not exist other than in our brain. The red horizontal lines represent our mental stop. Please note that we never crossed the red line.

Each possible entry has a 15 PIP green line profit scale from entry to +5,+10 and +15 pips. Notice we are 100% on 15 pips. Notice how many times 5 pips is hit vs 15 pips. Notice how easy it was to hit within this 15 pip profit scale...this is profit (less 2 pip spread on entry and exit). Our final criteria is take the pips when you get them.

This is why I preach 20 pips per day. You don't need to chase trends or exit signals. This is 5 possible trades netting 75 pips in 12 hours. If you miss 2 entries...it is 45 pips. If you miss 4 entries it is 15 pips. Put your dollars in PIP value not chasing large numbers of pips. At $10 a pip this is $750 in 12 hours.

So here is how you manage your money:

1. Start trading with $0 per pip and learn to identify these entries. Demo trade the entries until you can win 80%....that means you don't hit the mental stop 8 of 10 trades. Track how many times you hit 5, 10 and 15 pip gains (net). Analyze why you failed...I will bet 80% of failures come from too early an entry.

2. Start trading with $1 a pip and target 20 pips a day. By now you should have no problem seeing the entries. Trade for 5 pips a trade...trade a smuch as you can. You will make more than 20 pips a day...but never think you are trading for more than 20 pips a day...rejoice that you set out to make 20 pips if you make 100 pips. As you succeed raise yourself to target 10 and 15 pips...but never be afraid you will hurt ypur ego if you jump out at 5 pips.

3. Every time you make more than 20 pips a day...you "bank" the rest. So if you make 80 pips in a day you bank 60 pips. This bank of pips covers any losses you suffer. Keep doing this until you make $5,000 at 20 pips a day. If your good it will take you 250 trade days at 20 pips a trade day If you want to speed it up use 50% of your banked pips to add to your $5,000 total.

4. When you have finally mastered the dicipline to do this (wax on, wax off...wax on, wax off)...then either trade a real account or trade $2 a pip and work your way up in $5,000 intervals. By now you are printing your own pay cheque and know what you are doing....and 20 pips a day gives you a life! That is the most important thing!!!!

That's it. That's my lecture on money management. I know that 99% of people who read it will ignore it. This is how you make an income you can rely on from trading. It is simple and unfortunately you won't have 200 pip trades to brag about...but you will make money this way and you will control it.

--- 帖子 #1112 ---
Why do you say that it's an early entry? Thanks for your time by the way!

--- 帖子 #1113 ---
I'm experimenting with using stochastics on various time frames and I have a question on setting up the indicator...you mentioned to get rid of the "D" period - how do i do that? Currently I have the 15M-4HR set to 14,3,3 however when I do that 2 lines appear? I go into properties and attempt to delete the D period, however it cannot be done. If I put 14, 1, 3 however it will only show 1 line - is this how I should set it up? Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1114 ---
Hi Ragu you can simply change the colour of the %D line to your chart background color or select "none" Magically it will disapear

--- 帖子 #1115 ---
Thanks Cindy - it worked like a champ.

--- 帖子 #1116 ---
May be a long entry coming sooner or later.

--- 帖子 #1117 ---
I have done the change that you asked, in addition, I removed the signal line and set the initial values to 14-3-3.

Good Luck.

Lubo

--- 帖子 #1118 ---
You are right that many ignore this prudent advice, but what you have advised is as essential as finding a tradable method.  I believe we hear alot of conflicting things about money management out there.  Consistency in MM is life saving.

I believe we should also be reminded that trade management is important.  Money management and trade management go hand in hand.

thanks again Spud

.

--- 帖子 #1119 ---
Hi Guys

I'm just wondering if someone can turn the rope into 1 indicator instead of 20 different stochs also with the no last bar function and ability to turn the last bar on or off

It just needs a

yellow 14,3,3 (origion line - )

Green 100,3,3 (price line)

blue lines 6,1,1 to 13,1,1

red lines 15,1,1 to 24,1,1

All in one indicator

THe reason is because when I have the rope on my charts it slows everything down and takes a long time for the chart to load because there are so many different indicactors.

The rope has nothing to do with the combination entries but I'm still using it just as a visual

Thanks

--- 帖子 #1120 ---
Lubo, Thanks for the no last bar all stoch indicator. I put on my chart but it is not align with the original all stoch v1.0. Could you please see if you could adjust that.

Tks/Harry

--- 帖子 #1121 ---
Hi Cindy,

I don't know if it possible, cause the program language MQL have a 8 buffer limitation, namely maximum 8 indicators to be calculated in the same indicator.

Perhaps there is a way to overcome this limitation, but I am not expert enough, however, try to see if I can, I just I have time..

Lubo.

--- 帖子 #1122 ---
Oh Lubo I dint know that thanks so much for taking a look

Cheers -

--- 帖子 #1123 ---
hi Spud,

I have to admit I did not really completely understand what you said about your money management.

But I have two simple question - you may answer me with your vast amount of experience in this trading style.

1.  Demo trade the entries until you can win 80%:

would you really say (from your own experience that get such high success rate is possible over a long time period?

2. How many TF-groups usually?

In your experience for let's say 10 pips gain: would we see a TF-group switch up to the H1 group?

or does this usually happen just by M5 going going till Risk 60 %.

THANKS

MJ

Well, if 10-20 pips is the common scenario - my trailing stop loss implementation idea will properly be mistaken ;-)   ---- it really makes much more sense in moving with bigger trends.

--- 帖子 #1124 ---
ah I see, I thought differently because of what you wrote in post: http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...postcount=1076

anyway, my humble opinion is that you have slightly different rules/conditions than what Spud presented so far.

Which is fine - as everyone is free to implement once own design of the MTF-Stochastic.

my personal suggestion would be to separate LONG Risk assessment - completely from the SHORT one - as far as what you wrote above and in the post of the link I would find it confusing at best ....

++ but red & green does not mean necessarily short and long - together with the post of the link

well to offence - just trying to help with an other opinion.

MJ

--- 帖子 #1125 ---
Oh, I have seen! Sorry! Now it should work well! I have updated the indicator attached to my previous post. Here  http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...postcount=1121

Lubo.

--- 帖子 #1126 ---
if i ve a m5  r0% and i enter the trade than switch to the m15 but i find the open candle with 60% risk or plus do i close the trade?or i wait till  the candle closes?

--- 帖子 #1127 ---
Switch to 15m then assess at the next close it might be 5m later 10m later or 15m later

--- 帖子 #1128 ---
Lubo, thanks for the correction. It is perfect.

--- 帖子 #1129 ---
I understand what u mean, i will try to do to my indi the possibility to choise to display only the entry combination for long and for short.

thanks.

Lubo

--- 帖子 #1130 ---
hi Lubo,

Keep up the good work.

I know it's not always easy --- found my first serious bug.

Had on one TF-group LONG RISK: 2 and SHORT Risk: 2.

I think this can not really happen or if it could - my Rules are wrong as I do not want to say it is okay to stay LONG and it is okay to Stay SHORT in one TF-group.

well, only patience brings one through in such case - like CindyXXXX's signature which is really good just often hard to follow.

There's no short cuts to anywhere worth going  -  ;-)

MJ

--- 帖子 #1131 ---
Thanks for that excellent post on money management.  When I go back and manually backtest, I indeed find that the mental stop at the peak is almost never hit.  I also found that if you set a TP at +10 it is almost always hit.  Add discipline and stir.  For sure, getting a few good trades a day for +10 pips is a living...and hopefully very realistic with this system.  I really appreciate your explaination and will put it to work.

FW

--- 帖子 #1132 ---
hi Spud,

I need your help, please.

Trying to follow your mechanical Risk Rules (as I understands them)

gives the possibility for Risk 40 % for LONG and SHORT at the same TF_group at the same moment.

I try to explain: we can have at the same time 40% for LONG and 40 % Risk for SHORT: on the same TF-group

Which means we say: it is fine to stay long - but it is also fine to stay short and our chance to fail is each is only 40%

SOME LOGICAL problems ;-) at least for me.

Situation could be like that:

* PriceLine_now: 8.88955754644

SHORT RISK: GREEN LIGHT

SHORT_PriceLine_above_76_4_OR_below_23_6 = True

LONG RISK: GREEN LIGHT

LONG_PriceLine_above_76_4_OR_below_23_6 = True

* OriginLine_now: 14.2844240396

just to know what could have happened before: OriginLine was below 23.6 and crossed up to let's say 30.5: LONG TRIGGER OK (SHORT TRIGGER WRONG)  This is how I understood your point.

Now OriginLine_now has fallen again below 23.6 which nullifies the LONG Trigger (LONG TRIGGER WRONG (and we did not get a new SHORT TRIGGER either so this is stays also WRONG)

SHORT RISK:  RED LIGHT

SHORT_OriginLine_crossed_below_76_4 = False

LONG RISK: RED LIGHT

LONG_OriginLine_crossed_above_23_6 = False

* Stoch_Main_now: 24.9354005168

SHORT RISK: GREEN LIGHT

SHORT_Stoch_Main_below_80 = True

LONG RISK:  GREEN LIGHT

LONG_Stoch_Main_above_20 = True

* Stoch_Main_previous: 5.06072874494

* Stoch_Main_now: 24.9354005168

* Stoch_HighFrame_now: 7.93600907533

SHORT RISK: RED LIGHT

SHORT_Stoch_Main_crossed_below_Stoch_HighFrame = False

LONG RISK:  GREEN LIGHT

LONG_Stoch_Main_crossed_above_Stoch_HighFrame = True

* Stoch_Filter_now: 23.1559346132

SHORT RISK:  GREEN LIGHT

SHORT_Stoch_Filter_below_23_6 = True

LONG RISK: RED LIGHT

LONG_Stoch_Filter_above_76_4 = False

So we got:

SHORT RISK: 2 RED LIGHTs =  40 %

SHORT_PriceLine_above_76_4_OR_below_23_6 = True = GREEN LIGHT

SHORT_OriginLine_crossed_below_76_4 = False = RED LIGHT

SHORT_Stoch_Main_below_80 = True = GREEN LIGHT

SHORT_Stoch_Main_crossed_below_Stoch_HighFrame = False = RED LIGHT

SHORT_Stoch_Filter_below_23_6 = True = GREEN LIGHT

LONG RISK: 2 RED LIGHTs = 40 %

LONG_PriceLine_above_76_4_OR_below_23_6 = True = GREEN LIGHT

LONG_OriginLine_crossed_above_23_6 = False = RED LIGHT

LONG_Stoch_Main_above_20 = True = GREEN LIGHT

LONG_Stoch_Main_crossed_above_Stoch_HighFrame = True = GREEN LIGHT

LONG_Stoch_Filter_above_76_4 = False = RED LIGHT

Not sure if you where aware of it - or very possible I misunderstood something - which you have in your mind but never addressed. (or I did not notice)

Thanks MJ

--- 帖子 #1133 ---
I have a special request for Lubo....I posted an indicator a few pages back that alerts to the priceline crossing 90 or 10.  The idea being you don't have to sit at your computer all day waiting for set ups.  Unfortunately the email doesn't work!  Is it possible to make an indicator that will email you when the M5 100,3,3 crosses 10 down  or 90 up so you can go to your computer and look for set ups?  One programmer told me indicators don't email, only EAs can email.  anyway I appreciate your feedback and thanks for the neat indicators to date.

FW

--- 帖子 #1134 ---
The purple line...is the first entry and it ws early before the real price move....the second peak (I didn't mark) but you can see was the true entry.  The early entry just means we ride it out a bit and we have to flex our stop a bit sometimes...but good idea to learn to recognize these.

--- 帖子 #1135 ---
If you pick your trades and and watch the other time frames...and pick the convergence point or the convegence point entry...I do a whole lot better than 80%.  The mechanical system....I don't think it will run 80% but I think if you use the mechanical system as a tudor the brain will kick in and learn the moves.

For 10 pips.....usually only in a tight range market.  Having said that I use H1 more to confirm my lower time frames...I personally don't want to spend 20 hours in a trade....having said that...if market conditions are right and the escalator is on the move then I do ride it, if I feel like it.

--- 帖子 #1136 ---
Well,

In my humble opinion can not be done. Then, however, would have the same problem of slowing down, because you have the same number of lines to calculate.

One way to overcome the slowdown is to limit the number of bars that the indicator should be calculated to draw the lines, such as there is in All Stochastic indi.

Cheers.

Lubo

--- 帖子 #1137 ---
ditto

just thot i'd echo weasel's request

good idea to have an email alert for 90/10 cross by 100%K if Lubo could do it

thanks

--- 帖子 #1138 ---
If there is no reason to close on M5 then wait for M15, given M15 has some hope of supporting your trade.

--- 帖子 #1139 ---
I'm aware of that, but the other time frames should be pointing you in one direction or the other. If you get conflict over multiple time frames then it is better to sit out, But as I have laid out, the best trade picks are going to occur when the Origin and Price are above 76.4 or below 23.6 together. In this instance there is little chance of worrying about 2 directions other than timing the breakout from the over market...and for that you are looking in one direction and coming off the peak.

Edit:  You are going to have to use the brain indicator to have efficient trading.  The mechanical system can alert you to setups but ultimately you have to look at the situation, to take this up a level in reliability and succes rate.

--- 帖子 #1140 ---
Thanks - this was actually the only real thing I could think of myself - just I was not sure if I misunderstood a point of yours.

I already changed it .

Thanks for giving me 'peace of mind' http://www.forexfactory.com/images/icons/icon12.gif

About your second point: 'ultimately you have to look at the situation, to take this up a level in reliability and succes rate' I understand you what you mean - but have a dare to differ ;-)  -- but that's fine I could prove myself to be wrong ;-)

Thanks for your great patience and lot of time you share freely.

MJ

--- 帖子 #1141 ---
Ok Lubo thanks very much it was worth a try

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1142 ---
Is anyone seeing any trade entries on eurusd? I am not..and it's driving me crazy :-)

--- 帖子 #1143 ---
Not on EUR I feel your pain! Just took this short on the CAD closed for 20 pips

Sorry about the rope!

--- 帖子 #1144 ---
JD:

wait for it ....  wait for it......

--- 帖子 #1145 ---
heh..I'm waiting.

--- 帖子 #1146 ---
Hi,

i want to ask if you noticed an improvement of your trading performance since the pre rope phase and now.

--- 帖子 #1147 ---
The 5/15 entry was good, but sometimes entered too late to grab pips

The ropes I had a hard time with

The M1 filter/priceline/origin method gets you in earlier than 5/15. I used to get stopped out because I would use like a 10 pip SL, but like spud sez, if you set your SL to the peak that is very very unlikelyto happen....just manually back test it yourself and you'll see

What do JD and CindyXXXX think?

FW

--- 帖子 #1148 ---
Same with me. I think we have a short opportunity forming on eurusd right now..finally.

--- 帖子 #1149 ---
Yep, I'm in already. Good luck to anyone else jumping in.

2 minutes later...Ruh Roh

--- 帖子 #1150 ---
Well, I just got stopped out..

--- 帖子 #1151 ---
Heres a loser

might look for re entry

--- 帖子 #1152 ---
Thx for your answers. It seemed to me that with the actual set up you catch more bad trades.

--- 帖子 #1153 ---
Ouch.  I feel your pain, literally.  Were you in that one too?

Perhaps this is one of the ones where the 5/15 rules would have saved a lot of pips.

There's no sure thing...

--- 帖子 #1154 ---
Yep im really not happy with that trade i dont know what you mean with the 5 15 cause they crossed

--- 帖子 #1155 ---
not the cross, just the 5 trigger with the 15 pointing down and closing below 80 (isn't that the original PMTF trade?) It closed at like 78.3 - should have been a warning. Oh well.

I looked at one week of trades with SL at peak and entering every trade triggered by the priceline hitting 90 or 10. There were 24 winners and 4 losers. I didn't count up the pips of the 4 SL's hopefully its way less than the (at least) 200 pips made by the 20 winners. I may look at that again.

maybe spud can analyze the trade to see if was just a bad one or one we could have avoided.

FW

--- 帖子 #1156 ---
I think the priceline was at 90

--- 帖子 #1157 ---
yep, but priceline doesn't have to follow the origin down, cause spud sez when they separate = a bigger move.

Anyway, I think its just a failed trade.  It happens.  Get back on the horse and say Giddyap!

--- 帖子 #1158 ---
That eurusd pair is probably due for a little retracement down the fib ladder..38.2 or 50. I'll probably grab the move back up instead of shorting it. We'll see how it goes.

--- 帖子 #1159 ---
Ok interesting comments - I'd almost forgotten about the PMTF entry rules thanks for reminding me... Might have to read the PDF again

It seems we enter a lot of these trades though when the 15m hasnt crossed down or up yet and if we wait for it I'm guessing it would have moved well beyond our initial combination entry signal

--- 帖子 #1160 ---
I went long for some quick pips and I'm banking..no real method behind that long entry..just saw how this thing is moving.

--- 帖子 #1161 ---
Alright..maybe we NOW we can stalk a short opportunity. That was a wild ride up.

--- 帖子 #1162 ---
Here's the indicator again. It puts an arrow on the chart and sends an email when the 100,3,3 crosses 10 or 90. The arrows keep coming. The email hopefully only once (seems to be working so far). don't forget to set the timeframe to 5M or you'll get lots of other signals.

Thanks Lubo

FW

Priceline in extremis

--- 帖子 #1163 ---
well, I had my first couple of fully automatically traded PMF Trades.

I checked one completely through.

Good thing: found a non essential bug (still to solve) but otherwise it performed exactly as it should.

SHORT 1: EUR/USD TRADE ENTRY ca. 15:15:05 GMT

RISK Situation at time of Entry:

SHORT_RISK ! Pair: EUR/USD, TimeFrameLevel: TimeFrameLevel1, SHORT_RISK: 0

SHORT_RISK ! Pair: EUR/USD, TimeFrameLevel: TimeFrameLevel2, SHORT_RISK: 5

SHORT_RISK ! Pair: EUR/USD, TimeFrameLevel: TimeFrameLevel3, SHORT_RISK: 4

SHORT_RISK ! Pair: EUR/USD, TimeFrameLevel: TimeFrameLevel4, SHORT_RISK: 4

LONG_RISK ! Pair: EUR/USD, TimeFrameLevel: TimeFrameLevel1, LONG_RISK: 4

LONG_RISK ! Pair: EUR/USD, TimeFrameLevel: TimeFrameLevel2, LONG_RISK: 3

LONG_RISK ! Pair: EUR/USD, TimeFrameLevel: TimeFrameLevel3, LONG_RISK: 1

LONG_RISK ! Pair: EUR/USD, TimeFrameLevel: TimeFrameLevel4, LONG_RISK: 1

MUST EXIT:

EXIT: CHANGE TO SHORT_RISK:

!!! Using Last_FilterTimeFrame_UTCDateTime: 2008-12-04 15:24:00. Pair: EUR/USD, TimeFrameLevel: TimeFrameLevel1

SHORT_RISK ! Pair: EUR/USD, TimeFrameLevel: TimeFrameLevel1, SHORT_RISK: 3

SHORT_RISK ! Pair: EUR/USD, TimeFrameLevel: TimeFrameLevel2, SHORT_RISK: 5

SHORT_RISK ! Pair: EUR/USD, TimeFrameLevel: TimeFrameLevel3, SHORT_RISK: 4

SHORT_RISK ! Pair: EUR/USD, TimeFrameLevel: TimeFrameLevel4, SHORT_RISK: 4

LONG_RISK ! Pair: EUR/USD, TimeFrameLevel: TimeFrameLevel1, LONG_RISK: 2

LONG_RISK ! Pair: EUR/USD, TimeFrameLevel: TimeFrameLevel2, LONG_RISK: 2

LONG_RISK ! Pair: EUR/USD, TimeFrameLevel: TimeFrameLevel3, LONG_RISK: 1

LONG_RISK ! Pair: EUR/USD, TimeFrameLevel: TimeFrameLevel4, LONG_RISK: 1

MUST MOVE TRADES to other TimeFrameLevel OR CLOSE TRADES !!! Pair: EUR/USD: SHORT_RISK is 3,4 or 5.  We got SHORT_RISK: 3

closing market order...

Bad thing: until now all trades are negative.

BUT: The real positive thing is that  the basic check for TF group switching worked so far as well as the MUST Exit.

Below my EUR/USD pic with 2 SHORT ENTRIES - and MUST Exit

and one new SHORT still open.

--- 帖子 #1164 ---
nice

many pips to ya

.

--- 帖子 #1165 ---
Should we expect the priceline to fall or the origin line to trade back to the price line?

--- 帖子 #1166 ---
I think its actually a valid entry short right now, but my mouse finger is still singed from the last trade ... I think the 15 may close down however at the next candle.

the peak is about 50 pips away....not too comforting for a SL

--- 帖子 #1167 ---
Yeah, I hear you. I'm standing aside right now.

--- 帖子 #1168 ---
Nice NZD/USD short about 40 + PIPs

Will see where the Must Exit hits.

Real nice - I checked: it has moved up and trades now at TF_group M15.http://www.forexfactory.com/images/icons/icon14.gif

--

--- 帖子 #1169 ---
This is a really good question. I've been trying to figure this out myself.

--- 帖子 #1170 ---
This is where you need MTF.  However, it is far more likely for Origin to rebound to price, rather than Price to fall to the Origin.

Of course, there are always exceptions.  The most obvious is if the Origin stays in the oversold (below 23.6).  This will likely draw the price down.  Hence you want a breakout of the overmarket to trade the Origin back to price.  In cases where the Origin falls away from price to below 23.6, I'd be far more tempted to ride out the Origin below the 23.6, 20 or 15 to catch the oversold dive...if price does fall.

In general, the Origin cycles away from price line and back up to price line (remember smaller stochs oscillate faster)...as the top range weakens, price will start to come down with each move of the origin until it is so weak it follows the origin down or collapses and drops to the origin.

Eventually the price is going to move...our earlier time frames should give us a heads up when this is going to happen.

--- 帖子 #1171 ---
Ok,

I coded an indicator where you can choose the number of bars to be calculated and whether the last bar. You can also choose to set a specific TF.

I hope it can be useful.

cheers.

Lubo

--- 帖子 #1172 ---
Thanks lubo that was nice of you thanks - I will check it out

--- 帖子 #1173 ---
Lubo man you are prolific - another nice one

--- 帖子 #1174 ---
This MM post has to be one of the most important in this thread IMHO. For me it actually puts the goal of trading for a living into perspective and to be honest, gives me a little hope. I have had the misfortune of chasing those huge pip gains with equally huge drawdowns on my demo accounts for too long. When I think of how many trades I have let slip from positive pips to a stop loss, it makes me sick. These are pips that I earned and let slip away...it drives me absolutely nuts!

Anyhow, lately I've been practicing what Spud has been preaching about the 20 a day with some better success. In and out like a pip sniper...feels good to see the account grow, albeit very slowly. I hope 99% of us do not ignore this important info because this is what all these posts and stoch indicators all over our charts are for; keeping your hard earned pips!

Just my two cents,

JMC

--- 帖子 #1175 ---
Question to all?

I have run some bots over night on multiply pairs (EURUSD,GBPUSD,USDCHF,EURJPY,NZDUSD,AUDJPY,EURGBP,USDTRY,XAGUSD,EURCAD,USDSGD)

and have seen there are plenty of entries.

I'm using Spuds 5 point mechanical Risk assessment - and would like to Filter out even more of the bad signals.

I wanted to ask you - who trade MTF already for some time: In your opinion what would be the best addition to do that:

I could think of some things like:

or the Rope ?

in what direction M5 points?

would love to hear from you.

MJ

--- 帖子 #1176 ---
Hi MJ another filter I was experimenting with was only taking trades when the rope (red and blue lines) have peaked out at 0 or 100 - Obviously I'm no veteran of this system so cant really give you any long time stats but something to play around with !

Also maybe waiting for the 15m to flatten out or better still be in your direction. But Spud said the other day the way he explained is being the pickiest we could possibly be...

So perhaps going by that you could experiement with the higher TF stochs and making sure they are in better positions to add more weight to your trade - instead of only focusing on the 1m/5m/15/

For example I have noticed is when like there is an obvious Elasticity type set up on the 30m or 15m - where the price line is below 23.6 and the OL is up at 76.4 for example and the 5m is giving a short signal - this seems to be a much stronger signal than blindly following the 1m/5/15m entry rules

Some things to think about - I will be intereted in your findings

--- 帖子 #1177 ---
Thanks CindyXXXX - good points.

by the way: my bot wants to tell you: that your first 'punching him' is forgiven http://www.forexfactory.com/images/icons/icon12.gif

hi all,

don't know if anyone exits strictly by the mechanical Risk Rules.

Well I do not have millions of trades yet: since I started yesterday (but to give you an idea in one of my accounts I had 15 SHORT trades and 14 LONG trades in about 20 hours (tracking 8 Pairs)

overall I'm in negative. (Ok I also had some real bad entries  and found some more bugs)

But what I had quite often is something like the FIRST PIC below:

SHORT Entry: at 1.2774

EXIT: at 1.27811

Well, I don't mind at the moment because I want just to observe exactly such things -- but it happened often.

I know Spud mentioned that the real challenge is a good exit - so right is he ;-)

So any idea to improve the mechanical Exit Rules.

* I know I could use the Trailing Stop Loss (not implemented yet) -

* or a fixed TakeProfit

* or more advanced 3 trades with different TakeProfit Settings

* or forget TF_group switching to the next higher Level

but maybe there are more sophisticated ideas.

thanks MJ

The FIRST PIC really shows my question - as it happened quite often with the present mechanical Exit Rules and TF_group switching. (or my bug ;-)

The SECOND PIC shows a nice dopple Short trade going on in GBP/USD: one about 100 +  the other 70+   -- but where will it in the end exit ??

The THIRD PIC shows a nice dopple LONG trade : USD/CHF: 127+ and 135 +    -- but where will it in the end exit ??

The FOURTH PIC shows the REAL BAD Entry (not to give a wrong impression all would be fine): USD/TRY - got stopped out. stoll have to check what has happened - if it should not had to be stopped before  -- maybe a new bug ;-)

--- 帖子 #1178 ---
M j:

When I did a quickie manual backtest, with a 10 pip TP, I had 20 wins, 4 losses over one week. Try running the EA with various TP's...10, 12, 15 and see what happens. What I haven't looked at yet is what is the total losses on those losing trades (SL at the peaks means average loss>average win). The shear volume of wins should make for a nice profit regardless.

FW

--- 帖子 #1179 ---
well I watch my first SHORT  EUR/USD Escalator on TF_group M30 (Level3)

and got just a EUR/USD LONG on TF-M5  (Level1)

very nice to watch -- especially the escalator how the Risk Level changed for each TF_group ( I calculate it every minute)

Current RISK Situation: (risk 1 is 20% risk 5 is 100%)

SHORT_RISK ! Pair: EUR/USD, TimeFrameLevel: TimeFrameLevel1, SHORT_RISK: 3

SHORT_RISK ! Pair: EUR/USD, TimeFrameLevel: TimeFrameLevel2, SHORT_RISK: 2

SHORT_RISK ! Pair: EUR/USD, TimeFrameLevel: TimeFrameLevel3, SHORT_RISK: 1

SHORT_RISK ! Pair: EUR/USD, TimeFrameLevel: TimeFrameLevel4, SHORT_RISK: 2

LONG_RISK ! Pair: EUR/USD, TimeFrameLevel: TimeFrameLevel1, LONG_RISK: 1

LONG_RISK ! Pair: EUR/USD, TimeFrameLevel: TimeFrameLevel2, LONG_RISK: 5

LONG_RISK ! Pair: EUR/USD, TimeFrameLevel: TimeFrameLevel3, LONG_RISK: 5

LONG_RISK ! Pair: EUR/USD, TimeFrameLevel: TimeFrameLevel4, LONG_RISK: 5

1.PIC: SHORT Escalator: TF_group M30 (Level3)

2.PIC: MEW Between LONG Entry: TF_group M5 (Level1)

Well just let it run and see what comes out of it in the end.

The 3. PIC is the ABSOLUTE Failure: 4 SHORT EUR/CAD Stopped out. (I post that only to see how it should not be ;-)

--- 帖子 #1180 ---
EUR/USD LONG Between Entry got Must Exit:

Risk Turned quickly from 40 % to 80 %

Fri, 05 Dec 2008 14:15:08   SHORT_RISK ! Pair: EUR/USD, TimeFrameLevel: TimeFrameLevel1, SHORT_RISK: 2

Fri, 05 Dec 2008 14:15:08   SHORT_RISK ! Pair: EUR/USD, TimeFrameLevel: TimeFrameLevel2, SHORT_RISK: 1

Fri, 05 Dec 2008 14:15:08   SHORT_RISK ! Pair: EUR/USD, TimeFrameLevel: TimeFrameLevel3, SHORT_RISK: 1

Fri, 05 Dec 2008 14:15:08   SHORT_RISK ! Pair: EUR/USD, TimeFrameLevel: TimeFrameLevel4, SHORT_RISK: 2

Fri, 05 Dec 2008 14:15:08   LONG_RISK ! Pair: EUR/USD, TimeFrameLevel: TimeFrameLevel1, LONG_RISK: 4

Fri, 05 Dec 2008 14:15:08   LONG_RISK ! Pair: EUR/USD, TimeFrameLevel: TimeFrameLevel2, LONG_RISK: 5

Fri, 05 Dec 2008 14:15:08   LONG_RISK ! Pair: EUR/USD, TimeFrameLevel: TimeFrameLevel3, LONG_RISK: 5

Fri, 05 Dec 2008 14:15:08   LONG_RISK ! Pair: EUR/USD, TimeFrameLevel: TimeFrameLevel4, LONG_RISK: 5

http://www.forexfactory.com/images/icons/icon13.gif

The SECOND PIC shows a next Long Entry - wich turn into profit and ended up in loss too ;-)

--- 帖子 #1181 ---
The SHORT EUR/USD moved already to the Last TF-group H1.

Note I use instead of H4 the H3.

Well and it Finished:

SHORT ENTRY: 09:44      Price: 1.27811

EXIT on TF_Group H1: 14:30       Price: 1.26949

PIPs: + 86 PIPs

* Had in the meantime 2 LONG Entries which failed both as above.

1. LONG: 12:40   Price: 1.26935

Close: 13:15 Price: 1.26653

PIPS: - 26

2. LONG: 13:27   Price: 1.26913

Close: 13:45 Price: 1.26649

PIPS: - 26

TOTAL: PIPS: 34

Wish everyone a happy weekend .

MJ

--- 帖子 #1182 ---
You've caught the key word....practice.   20 pips a day on a $1 a pip account seems like a forever process but the bigger payoff is the investment in yourself and what you are learning while you do this.  We spend 4 years in university to get a career...why not a year practicing trading discipline...seems like a good payoff to me when you can write your own cheque.

--- 帖子 #1183 ---
thank you a lot  for the indicator

--- 帖子 #1184 ---
I want to take a step back to answer the question, why we enter a trade when the Price Line is above 76.4 and the Origin line goes below 76.4...or when the PL is below 23.6 and the OL is above 23.6.

The chart below demonstrates this. Each red line represents a point where the OL crossed 23.6 or 76.4 with the PL in the proper place.

The mental (not fixed) stop loss is 10 pips off our peak. The profit is 10 pips.

Each solid thick red line represents an entry that never hit the mental stop.

The dashed red lines represent where we made 10 pips profit and exited, some trades share the same exit.

The blue lines represent where we hit our mental stop and had to make a decision (more details follow).

There are 11 trades in 24 hours here and there is no reason why all 11 trades would not have been traded successfully for 10 pips.

If you study each trade in detail you will see what combinations support each trade.

This is on the M5. Now, let us look at something a little more interesting in details.

--- 帖子 #1185 ---
The chart below is details on a few of these trades. What you should notice is the relationship to the dashed red line representing where we made +10 pips and the peaking of the Origin Line..and/or the crossing of the Origin line relative to 23.6 or 76.4.

This is more of an "...isn't that interesting" correlation but it does show you how you could exit yourself out of a trade using the Origin Line and being relativel safe about it. You either take 10 pips or exit on the Origin Line crossing 23.6 or 76.4....or exit off the peak when the Origin Line changes direction.

This isn't a change from anything we have been talking about. What I'm showing you is the broad view of what is happening in our trade as the risk levels change. By flipping time frames we can extend our Origin Line and know whether to continue or not....you'll see the same correlations all the way through and the Origin Line spiking out or crossing a fib.

--- 帖子 #1186 ---
Spud,

Thanks for posting these. I will read and reread again and again. Today was a really crazy trading day for me. I'm not sure if it was due to the fact that it was Friday or what.  It seems to me that you are only entering a trade when BOTH the PL and the OL have crossed 76.4 or 23.6 and the OL is heading back across in the opposite direction.

--- 帖子 #1187 ---
Here is the detail where our entries hit a our mental stop. We crossed our mental stop by 2 pips on the candle close...is that enough to exit?

This is where M1 comes into play(see insert)...notice how it is breaking out 1 minute after our mental stop is hit. The exact same principles of our entry into the M5 trade exist on the M1. If you were just using the M1 filter you would see this rising and why would you exit? (If M1 is diving your out).

Now...if the M1 stayed in the oversold and we dipped again, I'd be a lot quicker on the trigger. However, this is where M15 comes into play....is M15 moving off a peak? If it is, I'd stay in even if we don't have a signal for an M15 long yet, but we have passed a peak. For the record, M15 is coming off a peak in the oversold area....so with M1 and M15 we don't have to exit on the mental stop.

There is no doubt this is a tricky area of a trade...whether to ride out the bounce and possibly get caught in an oversold market or take a loss. If you take the loss.....you'd still make 40-50 pips for the day....and our target is 20 pips...right? The M1 here is our saving grace and the fact we closed only 2 pips by our mental stop. Deciding your exit based on simple patterns like this go far into making you a more efficient trader.

--- 帖子 #1188 ---
I'm just showing you can take the safest trades..be picky and still make good pips in a day. This is the safest way to trade stochastics when the PL is in the overmarket and the OL is leaving the over market.

Also, just trying to give a better overview of where we should be trading when we are entering a trade and where we are in the combination world on these trades. This is not the only way...it is the safest way.

--- 帖子 #1189 ---
Spud,

Look at the image that I've posted below. You will see that I've pointed out where the OL and PL were above 76.4 and the OL crossed back down but then turned back up. Was this just a failed entry?

--- 帖子 #1190 ---
Oh, believe me, I am ONLY interested in the safest way. That's what will build my account. I'm just trying to make sure I have a handle on what you're saying. I want to practice and practice and get this method down.

--- 帖子 #1191 ---
Good catch. The straight mechanicals is yes, you hit the stop and there is nowhere to go here.

I think if you use the the time frames..M1 (or just filter) and M15 you'll get a pretty good idea we are a little early....does that prevent you from entering..maybe not...but probably as our M5 risk increases and M15 is not near a short yet...we might make a wise decision to bail out and get close to breakeven when the Origin Line takes a bounce on us.

You'll notice most succesful 10 pip trades the OL heads staright for the pips...which is another way to think of it too. It's really a matter of playing that OL bounce or not and taking a chance.

--- 帖子 #1192 ---
I'm following you so far. The only thing I need help with is understanding what you mean by checking M15, specifically. Using the M1 as a filter works really well but I'm really trying to work on timing my entries just right.

--- 帖子 #1193 ---
You may notice we get a lot of "double" entry opportunity with one entry too early and the real entry following a little later with a slightly higher peak.  Usually this doesn't hit the mental stop too often...unles we are way early.  One way to use this is to be ultra cautious on the first entry (as it may be the only entry) and play a straight drop..any sign of reversal or increase in risk and start looking for a breakeven exit...or you may get a new entry before that which can solidify staying in.

Practice and watching M5, M1 and M15 you'll start to get the feel of how these are acting and if there is going to be some problems.  Just watching how fast price reacts to M1 filter moves can give good insight into if we are a little early or not.

I suggest 76.3 and 23.6...but no reason you can't move those out to create more filter room say..20/80 or even 15/85...or even 90/10 and the M5 trigger.  Still, with watching the stiochs move is by far the best advantage you have.

--- 帖子 #1194 ---
I'm reviewing my charts for today and I was just about to say the same thing about the double entries. I am trying to concentrate on knowing what entry is the real entry and I think that the M15 charts may assist me in knowing how close I am to the real move.

Also, just for clarification, we're still wanting M5 14,1,1 to dip below 10 for a valid long trigger, correct?

--- 帖子 #1195 ---
Here's a comparison of the early entry versus the good entry on JD's posting. The chart on the left is the early entry and the chart on the right, the good entry a little later.

Notice our M5's are almost identical.

The M15 crossover and filter look almost identical too. But look at the M15's Price and Origin lines. The M15 on the early entry is a marginal short given that if it goes short the price line hasn't risen above 76.4. The only way we can get M15 and M30 to carry over from M5 short entry and go escalator down is with an M15 climb (and M30 climb) first. Look at the M15 and M30 on the good entry...here we can keep our short entry going through the time frames and possible line up an escalator down. No possibility in the early entry, possibility in the good entry.

You can clearly see here which entry is safer and where patience pays off.

This is what I mean about being picky about your trades. If we wait for our trades to give us the most possibility for long term success (as an escalator down would be)...then it means our short term trades success is amplified a hundred times.

If you are mechanical about this and trade every trade on set conditions, it is an inefficient process but you do not have to watch it. If you watch what is happening and seek out the optimum targets then sniping 20 Pips isn't to hard.

I showed you previously how M5 lines up with a multitude of opportunity and how just using the single M5 with Price Line and Origin Line can be extremely successful. But it is not perfect! When you incorporate the multiple time frames, the combination rules and look for the rollover from M5 to M15 to M30 to H1 being a possible development, our trade entries get very succesful. In other words, if you can can get a M5 entry with an M15 entry forming or even happening at the same time, there's far more success than just using M5.

Put value into pips for the trades that line up better and take value out of the pips for weak trades. We won'yt always have the second entry set-up so put small lots sizes on the simple but weak entries. When things are lining up and much stronger...risk more lots into your pips. Statistically you will be much further ahead as the weaker trades will lose more than the stronger trades.

For example if we risk $1 a pip on every M5 entry, but say double or triple up when we have a corresponding M5 and M15 entry, and say triple up when we have a corresponding M5,M15 and M30 entry..then you take advantage of the strength of the trade.....play for 10 pips...get out. If you have a strong triple entry you might put 1 LOT to a trend (ride the escalator down) and 1 lot for 10 pips...challenge yourself to come out no worse than breakeven. You can play many different $$ entry combinations to get your pips for the day. Play for more $$ and less pips if you like, for example. Just be picky on your trades.

--- 帖子 #1196 ---
Thanks for the analysis. I know that it takes a considerable amount of time to cut and paste those charts and then to write up your comments. I want you to know it's very much appreciated.

--- 帖子 #1197 ---
Yes I second that thanks spud, those last examples were great. The thread has been pretty quiet lately but we're all still here ad eager to learn.

We really appreciate what you do thanks again.

--- 帖子 #1198 ---
i beleive that the word thank you isnt enough to express myself

spud you are making an amazing work really  a wonderfull thread

also i want to tell you that i am totally convinced with the idea of huntting for 10 pips even 5 as long as i feel safe and away of blood presure trades i ll keep doing it and practice  it to perfecting  no matter how much time it ll take me

thanks you

thank you

thank you

--- 帖子 #1199 ---
I have spent some time tinkering with the mechanicals.  My dilema was formulating a good balance between profits and stops, while keeping the mechanical system simple and low risk.  Obvious measure of running without any stop loss and using money management to rebound from a losing trade seemed one choice, but chasing an 80 pip draw down for a 10 pip gain seemed a little crazy.

I made some minor changes to the stochastic levels and set some simpler rules for entry based on the 100,3,3 Price Line and the 14,3,3 Origin Line.  This I hoped would help our programmers for back testing and more so to help us indentify early trades in an easier manner.

The problem with fixed profit targets is that stochastics don't move to the exact range of the price.  In other words a 50% rise in stochastics may only result in a 2 pip price rise.  We get around this somewhat with our Price Line, it better mimics price, but this too can be off the mark in the over markets if range is changing.  So, defining fixed targets becomes a statistical game of keeping wins ahead of losses.

So, I wanted to develop a little more balance to the system by keeping the stop loss and profits more centered within a range.  To do that, I decided to go with using rules within the price chart.

Well lo and behold while I'm in the midst of drawing charts up does someone go and post a similar idea.  I originally set my price targets in 10 pip intervals, but stretching them to the 25 pip intervals seemed to result in better balance and as such I decided to borrow that idea and apply it to our mechanicals.

Again, nothing really new here with the stochastics but we are tinkering a bit to make the mechanicals more efficient and the system a little easier to use.

M5 Chart

Set stochastics levels at 16.4, 20 and 23.6  this band between 16.4 and 23.6 represents our "floor"

Set stochastics levels at 76.4, 80 and 83.6  this band between 76.4 and 83.6 represents our "ceiling"

Stochastics are Price Line 100,3,3 and Origin Line 14,3,3

We trade "off the peak".  This means that in a long trade as an example:

1.  The Peak is defined as the lowest candle and Price Line stochatic point just prior to our entry.  Just prior means...say no more than 5 candles back.

2.  The Origin Line and Price Line must be below the floor when the peak is created.

3.  The Price Line must remain below the floor (in the basement) at point of entry.

4.  The Point of Entry is defined when the Origin Line crosses 16.4, 20 and/or 23.6.  Using 16.4 is more aggressive than 23.6 but not overly aggressive, you can choose your level of entry.

Profits and Losses

We set our price grid on our price chart at every 25 pips...so 00,25,50 and 75..simple enough.

Exit profit is when our price hits the the next price grid line.  So if we enter at 2745...our exit is not 2750 but 2775.  If we enter at 2751, our exit is not 2775 but 2800.

Stops are the opposite....we stop at the next grid line below our entry.  So if we enter at 2745...or stop is not 2725 but 2700.   If we enter at 2751, our stop is not 2750 but 2725.

Just to show you how balanced this profit and loss is, here are the results for the last 16 trades (gross pips without spread):

+41, +30, +34, +32, +33, +33, +30, +36, +38, -31, +39, -38, -47, +29, +29

Total: +318 Pips in 31 hours

I figured the balance between profit and loss made this interesting enough to post.  Please don't use real $$ on it yet, it may need some refining and may have some hidden issues not yet exposed.  Hopefully a few of you will play with it so we can put it to the test.

--- 帖子 #1200 ---
Here are a couple of Long examples:

--- 帖子 #1201 ---
And some short examples. I used the brain on the second entry and used the MTF stochastics to see if it was ok, even if outside the mechanical rules.

Sorry, just noticed I didn't but the second exit on the chart...it exits at 2750 (look for red dashed vertical line)

--- 帖子 #1202 ---
Here's what hitting the stop looks like. This is a double whammy, 2 entries with the same targets in profits and loss. Whether you want to enter on every entry or finish an entry before moving on...would be a choice to think about.

--- 帖子 #1203 ---
Hi Lulalabo

Thank u for for the nice job u added to this startegy

It could be thru your indicators, modifications or logical interpretation.

------------------------------

My question is about using crossover on your " Stoch Visual  MTF..." :

1- Based on your visual indicator that displays rows-columns of  Red/Green

boxes

2- to see Crossover 5' and 15' on the table of red/green boxes

3-  a)What colors

b) what row/column

do I hv to consider in order to confirm the happening of that crossover.

Your prompt clarification is much appreciated

Rgds

--- 帖子 #1204 ---
Spud, thanks for the postings. I'm reviewing..so questions may follow   Saturdays give us time to regroup and rethink the week prior, and to better prepare for the trading week ahead.

--- 帖子 #1205 ---
HI Spud just doing some backtesting and this seems to work fantastically until things start trending strongly and then we get smashed in lots of false entries trying to play against the trend.

I think this is the biggest challenge in any system as ranging markets and trending markets are two very different beasts.

From what ive sen so far it seems the 10 pip grabs still yeild a very high Win% against the trend but even still this throws out our R:R - A good example of what I'm talking about is on the 24th of November when the EUR had a strong rally to the up side

--- 帖子 #1206 ---
Looking at the combinations we can break the trend. A little refinement on the system using the combinations.

We miss two false entries from M1 filter early in the trend, and catch a good 10 pips on a good combo entry. Notice that in the middle of the false and good entries is a peak...but that peak is lower than the one where are false entries were (can't see it here). The good entry has a new peak that is higher.

Notice how the M1 filter, crossover and x80 delayed the entry on the good trade by about 5 mins. We are close enough to the peak, form where the Origin Line crossed.

I adjusted the target profit/stop grid to go back to the original 10 pips. This in part is the effect of delay from combo signals. If you check the combinations at the 10 pip taret this is where we can decide to exit or extend it to 15, 20 or 25...but if we bounce back say from 14 to to 10 we should exit. Go for the straight run for extra pips. I've set the grid off from the entry price, not the round numbers. The stop is tightened but you'll need to view the combos and time-frames to decide to stay or exit. The stop is tightened because there are few occurances where it is hit, vs wins, and where it is not obvious by looking at the time frames it would be a good idea to exit.

It isn't mechanical anymore, but I think with this combo you'll find a good slew of winners and positive pips. As well this deals with trends and ranges nicely. Still be a few losers in the mix. Still refining for better TP/stops to help make this easier.

--- 帖子 #1207 ---
Now I'm seeing a simple trendline could have filtered out most of these bad entries -

--- 帖子 #1208 ---
Hi Spud,

I've noticed that during a strong move of Price(candles) that the OL and PL will overlay the two lines as in this picture I've uploaded. Many moves don't do a perfect overlay but will have the two lines very nearly overlayed.

This is an observation and I just noticed this so I'm studying it now that I've noticed it.

It may be something that we can use or tweak.

Kilo

--- 帖子 #1209 ---
Here is M1/5/15 stochs charts when the overlay of the OL & PL occured.

Kilo

--- 帖子 #1210 ---
Nice observation!

It is the rope in action where everything converges.  This is actually what we are trying to achieve when we try to line up our time frames and have them run over from one to the other (escalator).  The trick is trying to catch it before it happens which is why we have to hit and miss so much.

You are starting to see it...good job

--- 帖子 #1211 ---
Thanks Spud for your tinkering with the mechanical rules.

Would value your input (as well as from others ;-)

I looked again through your posting and somehow can not help to come to following conclusion:

was in the end not the Rope V2 (Sonic Indicato) the most advanced (exact)  combination  -

especially with combination of looking at higher TimeFrames Stochastic line up ?

MJ

Talking about a setup (not exactely the current positions) similar on your chart below:

watching something like:

# Essentials

M5: Rope V2 (Sonic Indicato), Priceline, OriginLine

# Confirmation

M1: Trigger

M5: Fast Stoch

M15: Priceline, OriginLine

M30: Priceline, OriginLine

--- 帖子 #1212 ---
i feel confused about the new information here

are the filter and the crosses delaying the entry or confirming it?

i hope we can ve a final system to stick with and practice because every time i manage to understand the new changings we swich to a new one

i made a  visual back test and i found that if for a long entry  at the 5m  peak the ol and pl  are under 16.4  and if the ol closes over 16.4 and the 15m ol and pl line are under 16.4 but ol is pointing up after close this is a very good safe entry for 10 pips +

but still the stop position is very important if we want a wining % at the end of the day

thanks

--- 帖子 #1213 ---
hi sarah2002,

just a thought: I don't think you have to switch all the time to the latest adjustments.

I understand them mainly as examples of different approaches to try. (different people will be more comfortable with different approaches)

... Happy trading to you !

MJ

--- 帖子 #1214 ---
I think they delay and confirm entry both.  If you wait for these, you have to settle for less pips/trade but also I think more winners vs. losers.  I'm actually still stuck on the idea (from way earlier in the thread) that the m15 stoch should close above 20/under80 and be pointing in your direction....this really delays entry however.  But going off the peak, when the OL and PL signal then waiting for the unclosed m15 to at least be pointing in your direction and hovering above 20, if not closed and using the M1 filter seems to offer a nice compromise.

--- 帖子 #1215 ---
As a visual tool , yes I would agree the rope is the best tool to use and learn.  It is also the hardest to learn.  All I did since The Rope V2 (Sonic Indicator) was break it down and add a few nechanicals to perhaps show what we are doing.  The common thread (sorry for the pun) is still the same.

--- 帖子 #1216 ---
The filter and crosses "can" delay the entry.  These aren't new systems, just different ways to use the tools at hand.  The last description was simply one form that can be used, for those that may struggle identifying trades and need a more b&w kind of approach.

I do believe though we can simplify what constitutes a safe entry, what things we need confirmation un to make it a safe entry and where we can set stops an profits to make our trade more efficient.

For example a simple e-mail/alarm indicator for when our PL and and OL are above 76.4 or below 23.6 would allow traders not to watch the screen all day.

Determiing a profit and stop window allows for traders to walk away.

The remainder of say, setting up an escalator trade can only be done watching the trade unfold.

The R0 to R100 is a checklist of what to look for in a trade.

--- 帖子 #1217 ---
Hello, I have not previosusly posted to thread, but I want to second all what sarah2002 says above. I really appreciate your amazing work spud. Thank you very much.

--- 帖子 #1218 ---
thanks Spud.

I have a big question now: I think in my programming I'm past the simple mechanical approach.

as I implemented the basic mechanical approach last week (not well tested yet) I check again your threads.

And for me the time has come to move on a bit further.  I want the 'whole meat' http://www.forexfactory.com/images/icons/icon12.gif        Not just a few selected bites.

Of course I must use defined rules --  but more advanced. - so I basically implemented a new bot. added the whole Rope into it. (not all the different pictures but some.

NOW: if you would choose without simplified for a mechanical system:

How would you describe the best SHORT ENTRY.

I came up with such:

* ESSENTIALS

M5: PriceLine_M5, OrigLine_M5 Stoch_M5 (14,1,1), Rope_M5 (18 Stoch)

M15: OriginLine_M15* PEAKED all together above PeakLevel same time (PossibleTrade Initial Trigger) e.g 90%

PriceLine_M5, OrigLine_M5, Stoch_M5 (14,1,1), Rope_M5

* PriceLine_M5 stayed above: its Defined Level e.g 80%

* OriginLine_M5 crossed below and stayed below: its Defined LevelLevel e.g: 76.4%

* Stoch_M5 (14,1,1) below OriginLine_15

* Stoch_M5 (14,1,1) below defined distant to OriginLine_M5 -- measures also a bit the strength of the expected movement

* Rope_M5 Order_Low_to_High: meaning close together or orderly spread: no net

Trade will only be executed if all Essentials are met

* Confirmation_RISK= 11

M15: PriceLine_M15, OriginLine_M15        (each counting 3 more important)

M30: PriceLine_M30, OriginLine_M30        (each counting 2 less important)

M1: Filter_M1                                              (counting 1 least important)* PriceLine_M15 above defined Level. e.g 76.4%* OriginLine_M15 above defined Level. e.g 76.4%* PriceLine_M30 above defined Level. e.g 76.4%* OriginLine_M30 above defined Level. e.g 76.4%* Filter_M1 below below defined Level. e.g 23.6%           (does the filter still make sense with the Rope ? )

Trades will be executed only when ESSENTIALS are met -

UnitSize will be reduced base on Confirmation_RISK

* e.g Confirmation_RISK 11 - will be using just 5% of the normal Unitsize

Do you have any comments, improvement ideas - did I cover most of the MTF Stochastic ?

waiting patently for your comments

MJ

PS: that what I describer above I have basically already programmed (it's faster now as I have a base to build on)

--- 帖子 #1219 ---
This is how I would define a short entry.

The essential checklist for a safe short entry:

Check 1 (M5 Chart – Pending Trade Warning):
Price Line (100,3,3) must have peaked above 76.4
“Peaked” means we do not have a higher PL stochastic level previous to our current PL stochastic level since the PL crossed 76.4 (up)
Origin Line (14,3,3) crosses 76.4 (down)
The OL must cross down from above 76.4 after our Peak

Check 2 (M5/M15 Stochastic Crossover):
M5 stochastic (14,1,1) must cross (down) below the M15 stochastic either before or at point of entry and stay below the M15 at point of entry.

Check 3 (M5 below 80):
M5 (14,1,1) must be below 80 at point of entry
This is not the same as the Origin Line (14,3,3) below 76.4 as this is the (14,1,1) stochastic below 80.

Check 4 (M1 Filter – Point of Entry):
M1 (14,3,3) must be below 23.6. When Checks 1-3 are true, enter at first close of M1 where the M1 filter is true.

Trading:
Progress through the time frames looking for the same checklist completion or that the longer time frames are moving in a way that the checklist can be completed. Use a large hard stop and peak plus 10 mental stop. Target for set pips or exit when the checklist will not be fulfilled in a larger time frame….or cannot be supported in a lesser time frame. Trade the time frame that supports the checklist.

Mechanical Trading:
Check 1 is the main entry point (use 83.6, 80 or 76.4) of OL cross for entry. The peak, OL and PL must be above 83.6. Look to M1 Filter (Check 4) to focus entry point. Use Check 2 and 3 to confirm entry for a more conservative approach.
Set a grid at even 10’s, 20’s or 25’s of price chart, exit/or stop on second grid line reached from point of entry. Exception is starting on the grid, then exit/stop on next grid line.
Only enter 1 trade where PL is above 83.6. Cannot enter a new trade until PL falls below 76.4 and rises above 83.6 (this protects against trends in an over market condition).

Safety Belt:
To ensure you are trading off the peak, you can wait for the Price Line to dip close to the 83.6 line so long as there is a higher price line point prior to this. You will need the Origin Line to be separated from the Price Line to some degree, or appear they are separating at point of entry. Use M1 Filter and remainder of checklist to support an entry this way. This is a late entry and as such you should tighten your target profit or be alert to what other time frames are doing. And follow the other time frame checklists from here on. This works better entering on M15 rather than M5 as it will give you more possible opportunity for pips that exist in a wider ranged price market. If you are fluent in using the multiple time frames, this is a very safe method for entry on M5 as log as you are targeting an escalator or sniping pips.

--- 帖子 #1220 ---
Very nicely put together Spud. Thanks.

Do you think in such an setup as your defined Short Entry - the Rope would make any improvement and in which way ?

Personally do you still use the Rope or Sonic indicator  or did you get rid of it in the mean time?

--- 帖子 #1221 ---
Personally, I use the rope all the time on my charts.  It's very easy for me to visualize what is happening with it.  It's a lot harder to teach the rope than use it.

--- 帖子 #1222 ---
you are doing a good job - just the student is slow ;-)

anyway with using the rope - do you still thing the M1 Filter improves the Entry or would you say it is obsolescent when using the Rope yourself.

--- 帖子 #1223 ---
Do you need M1....no.  I use M1 much more like the tick....for example, I wouldn't exit a long with M1 in the oversold, that would likely be the worst exit...vs waiting until it climbed up and exiting in the over bought.  Of course, it depends on what everything else is doing...but on a general basis.

--- 帖子 #1224 ---
Thanks - one thing more to the rope:

When you live trade do you use also just closed Candles (also for the discernment of the Rope) or do you use the Rope 'kind an the current live Candle ?

--- 帖子 #1225 ---
It depends what the rope is doing...I try to stay on closed candles as I find playing live candles tends to bite you more.

--- 帖子 #1226 ---
hi Spud,

After all what is said so far - and in the light of the quote above:

I would find it most useful: when you just would take key screen shots of your trades (not all rules we made up to simplify it but your real trades and trade setup) maybe with some explanation why and at what you look.

basically a window into your current trading. (not any simplified rules - but following the Masters example)

hope you get what I try to say

thanks MJ

--- 帖子 #1227 ---
Hi chehab,

Each column represents the combination as according to the  Spud rules, ie for example:
M5 column:

Price set to TF 5

Origin set to TF 5

cross1 set to TF 5

cross2 set to TFf 15

filter set to TF 1
M15 column:

Price set to TF 15

Origin set to TF 15

cross1 set to TF 15

cross2 set to TFf 30

filter set to TF 5

an so on fo the other column.

These are the combinations that had already described in a previous post:

Price:
- price above 76.4 & price  < price prev : color red

- price below 23.6 & price  < price prev : color green
Origin:
- origin below 76.4  & < origin prev : color red

- origin above 23.6 & > origin prev : color green
Stoch Cross:
- stoch cross1 < 20 & stoch cross1 < stoch cross2 & stoch cross1 < stoch cross1 prev : color red
- stoch cross1 > 20 & stoch cross1 > stoch cross2 & stoch cross1 > stoch cross1 prev : color green
Filter
filter < 23.6 : color red

filter > 76.4 : color green

When this combinations aren't meet : color neutral.

Now I am working to make the indicator more closed to spud rules and easier to reading.

I will post it once completed, is not an easy job.

Meanwhile later I attach another indicator that shows the all stochastic lines for combinations of chart TF in a single window, and when you change TF automatically changes the settings of stochastic.
I just have to finish some details.

The following is an anticipation picture.

Cheers.

Lubo

--- 帖子 #1228 ---
Your doing some great work!

--- 帖子 #1229 ---
Hi spud,

many thanks for your feedback.

It's time to attach my indicator, it seems ready, indeed, maybe I add too many future.

In this indi there are all 5 stocahstic line for the combination in the same window.

It is initially set:
- to show 3 sepate quadrants,
Three_Quadrants_Mode = true
Two_Quadrant_Mode = false
first: origin line & price line
second: stoch cross
third: filter

- to show last bar
Last_Bar = true

- to show 35 bars line.

Max_Bars = 35

You can choise if u want
to show 2 sepate quadrant
Three_Quadrants_Mode = false
Two_Quadrant_Mode = true
to show all line in the same quadrant
Three_Quadrants_Mode = false
Two_Quadrant_Mode = false
to not show last bar
Last_Bar =false
increase or decrase number of bars to calculatas line
change Max_Bars value.

The other setting concerning the stochastic  parameters and I think it is quite obvious.

Available for any clarification.

Cheers

Lubo.

P.s. I hope you enjoy.

--- 帖子 #1230 ---
Bug fixed.

I have re-attached indicator to previous post.

Lubo

--- 帖子 #1231 ---
hi lubolabo

awsome work thanks

regards lodol

--- 帖子 #1232 ---
just got stopped out on this trade. the orange stoch is m5 14,3,3 the green 14,1,1 the purple 100,3,3 and the red is the M15 14,3,3. It turned around quickly and bit me for 25 pips taking out the stop loss at the peak.  Did ok on the first tradewhich was a long, but lost it back plus more on the second trade.

whoops, picture to follow

--- 帖子 #1233 ---
chart

--- 帖子 #1234 ---
Yes its days like these we get burnt by the trend - I'm still looking for a filter for this - all I got so far is trend lines

Butthere was news at the time: ECB President Trichet Speaks... And looks like we just got another short entry that isn't looking so hot either. I'm still behind that TL so haven't taken either of these 2 trades

--- 帖子 #1235 ---
Cindy, I did it again!

seriously, I think I'm going to stick to waiting until the M15 closes under 80 in my direction next time!

--- 帖子 #1236 ---
Hey, show us your trend line!

--- 帖子 #1237 ---
Sure

--- 帖子 #1238 ---
so you're more confident shorting if the price breaks that trend line?

--- 帖子 #1239 ---
Yes but trendlines are subjective and can be drawn differently by different people but its a start... I wish there was a more concrete way to filter these days - it kinda makes you miss the ranging we had last week.

Anyway here in Australia its going to rain one day soon the same way the EUR is going to drop sometime sooner or later! The question is when.

--- 帖子 #1240 ---
Maybe Spud can put his massive brain to work and come up with the "safest" entry, even if it only nabs a few pips it would be great.  When he post his charts, he definitely shows many more winners than losers so the system should be with us, but I hate to lose!!! Once is bad, twice in a row messes with my confidence.  I'm not sure my brain indicator is working right now.

--- 帖子 #1241 ---
I hear ya I'm sure he's prob already onto it - One more thing about the trendlind line is if price is way above it and theres plenty of pip room to the trendline then ive noticed it can also be safe to trade back to the trendline with maybe the TL as your target....

But remember I'm no Spud just something you can look out for yourself

Days like this it seems elasticity seems the way to go but I don't really know how to trade this right un less the 4hr and 1hr are in the right positions. But I'm sure theres a way somehow

--- 帖子 #1242 ---
there's actually another short signal right now, but well above your trendline. My plan is to wait until the 15 closes under 80 pointing south, then I'll go short with a 10 pip TP and the SL at the peak plus the spread. Lets see if I can break my losing trend of 2 so far today

never mind as I can see the M15 won't cooperate, saving me from three strikes for today!

--- 帖子 #1243 ---
These days make you feel stupid for even contemplating a sell!

That entry bounced right off (a) trendline.  THis is what i mean about how they can be drawn many different ways and why its probebly not the best guide - but still better than nothing

--- 帖子 #1244 ---
Whenever I try to use a trendline for support, it breaks down!  I got an "F" in trendlines.

--- 帖子 #1245 ---
From what I've heard from experienced S/R traders diagonal trendlines are pretty weak in comparision with horizontal trendlines they are only stronger when they coincide with horizontal TL's. Mainly for the fact they are so subjective but this is another thread

--- 帖子 #1246 ---
Well, you want believe that - but I installed today a Windows system in a Virtual Machine just to be able to use Meta Trade 4 -- to follow Spud's explanations better.

And to use all this nice indicators people program here ;-)

I tested today to execute always 3 trades: 5 PIPs, 10 PIPs 15 PIPs TakeProfit. was qite successful on EUR/USD every single hit.

With 3 trades it makes 90 PIPs.

--- 帖子 #1247 ---
Looks like you were taking your entries off the 15m chart?

test it on the 24th of November and see how you go

--- 帖子 #1248 ---
If you use the combinations and the M15 stoch locations, there is only 1 good entry for the Nov 24th.

I'll spend some more time explaining this, so we don't suffer from the trends so much.  You can also trade with the trend...but of course that can still bite you.

--- 帖子 #1249 ---
M_j!  I'm so glad you've joined the MT4 crowd

--- 帖子 #1250 ---
Isn't that 30 pips total not 90?

If you're splitting your lots into 3, and you're getting an avg of 10 pips per trade thats 30 pips in 3 trades.

--- 帖子 #1251 ---
Hallo,

I have good news for M_j and other non-windows-users out there: MT4 is runinng well under wine (the windows emulation for X) without too much restrictions. Try it. I can recommend it after using it for some month.

Unfortunately, I am not so happy with the session today. Especially after London opening (yes, I know, most of You were sleeping ;-)) I was not very successful gaining pips with this method. The trend was running and running but with PMTFS I felt to be bound to those small retracements. Maybe it would have been better to switch to a method which works better in a strong trend? But how can I decide which method to take?

Many thanks to all active writers in this thread

Rascasse

--- 帖子 #1252 ---
Thanks Rascasse,

I did not really think about wine. Normally I use just Linux only apps.

Well I keep for the time being the  the Windows in a virtual image as I'm not planning to switch to MT4 for my Live broker. (at least at the moment but who knows the future).

So this is good info.

MJ

--- 帖子 #1253 ---
I suppose we are both right - depending how one sees it.

If one splits the trade size as I actually do - you make a good point.

But than - one would have to average all your trades.

That's actually why I personally do not like the way many traders (sorry Spud including you - and on this thread me ;-) about Profit Loss.

I normally use percentage. And here Spud is absolutely right: It depends how much value you put into a trade.

hi Spud,

I was wondering you mention so often about your 20 Pips a day and the Pips Bank and putting value into your Pips.

But would you mind sharing how many percentage of your available Money you actually put into a single trade?

And what average return percentage do you expect  trading your system live ?

Putting value into Pips can mean different things: a 1000 000 account using 0.25 % (2 500) as Margin or a 5000 account using 50%  (2 500) . I would prefer the first way to trade - not yet completely there.http://www.forexfactory.com/images/icons/icon12.gif

MJ

--- 帖子 #1254 ---
as I'm new the MetaTrade4 I have a question:

I see in Spud's  sonicpmtf template indicator list that he uses

'Stochastic Oscillator' and then 4 times just 'Stochastic'

1. anyone knows what is the difference if any? 'Stochastic Oscillator' vs. 'Stochastic'

2. is there a way to link multiply charts with different periods - so that if I move (Chart shift) one the others move with it according to time?

MJ

--- 帖子 #1255 ---
Yes thats exactly it MJ, if you have multiple exits you need to average the pip gain or loss for each individual trade.

Otherwise you could make ONE pip but buy ten 0.1 lots and say you made 10 pips!  lol

--- 帖子 #1256 ---
I don't know about this template, but stochastic e stochastic oscillator are the same, the difference is only that stoch oscillator is built-in and locked with MT4(can not modify the source code), the simple stoch is included in the custom indicator folder(can be modify) . Another difference is that stoch oscillator has the possibility of change ma method and price tha simple stoch have not, but this feature is not considered in Spud Rules.

I don't understand what u mean about chart link.

Cheers.

Lubo

P.s Where is Spud? has gone on vacation?

--- 帖子 #1257 ---
Wow this thread has been very quiet lately

if you're still trading this method guys post some trades - the good the bad and the ugly lets get this ball rolling again

--- 帖子 #1258 ---
Hi Cindy,

I met some problems to trading this method and is as follows

we can't stay in front of monitor 24/24 waiting to hunt this entry.

Maybe is better the rope, as spud says, he always uses that to see what happens on chart.

But I have not yet had time to study it.

Lubo

P.s. I am very grateful to Spud for this thread, which has made me known  much better and appreciate the stochastic indicator, and its use.

--- 帖子 #1259 ---
Yes Lubo we can't catch every entry but what we can do is set an alert for when the PL for example hits an extreme - tats what ive been doing lately...

I am also greatful for spuds efforts I'm sure everyone is - There were many great entries today -

--- 帖子 #1260 ---
I apologize for my absence but will come back with some tools that may help you.

--- 帖子 #1261 ---
Well, I got so caught up with looking through Spud's studies with MetaTrade4 (was a good move to install it - much easier to understand what Spud is saying)that I just forgot my bots. Some crashed (because i do not restart after a missed price feed) one made 20 000 € profit on a 100 000 Account.

The next few days I will be looking for more clues in the visual presentation.  playing with adjusting some parameters and so on.

Happy trading to you all.

MJ

--- 帖子 #1262 ---
Ok Mr Spud we are looking forward to it!

Im sure we are all really hoping this thread picks up steam again and has a long life ahead of it

--- 帖子 #1263 ---
You are the GREAT!!

I hope  that your news are: stay in front of monitor 1-2 hours a day, catch some great pips , go out and have fun.

Yes, with irony, but with a bit of hope.

Lubo.

--- 帖子 #1264 ---
Cindy, like I posted earlier, I got some bad pip karma by trying to enter against a stronger trend.  I'm trying to find some way to avoid that other than the very subjective trend line which you are able to use successfully to keep out of bad trades.  If I find anything I will let you know, meanwhile I know spud's gears are turning and he will find the solution.

Meanwhile, I'm afraid to do anything other than an entry supported by the full MTF stoch trade with a lot of stochs just turning from overmarket at the same time and those aren't too frequent.

I don't understand why when I look at these trades in retrospect, they are successful (I think I counted 20 winners and 4 losers in one week) but in real time I can't do as well!

Sad Weasel

--- 帖子 #1265 ---
Dont worry sad weasel. You are not alone. Im also getting killed with bad trades and im only taking trades with the trend. Im also using the full mtf trades for now until I rebuild some confidence.

Im not worried though, because I know Spud will make everything better and clear up the confusion. Its Spud that got me on the path towards successful trading to begin with. So now I am sure he will be the one to give us our bearings and set us straight again!

Sad Ayaz

--- 帖子 #1266 ---
I might have a suggestion for everyone.

I used to trade the e-mini (mini dow) before coming over to the forex.

One of the indicators that I used on the mini-dow was the

"Guppy Multiple Moving Averages" made popular by Daryl Guppy in

Australia.

The set-up is this:

3 ema blue      Short term moving averages/short term investers

5 ema blue

8 ema blue

10 ema blue

12 ema blue

15 ema blue

30 ema red      Long term moving averages/long term investers

35 ema red

40 ema red

45 ema red

50 ema red

60 ema red

These moving averages will determine the trend.  Short term moving

averages = short term investers.  Long term moving averages = long

term investers.  Don't go against the short term and long term trends.

You need to scan them up on your platform and watch them for awhile.

They are very accurate and using Spuds stoch's settings it seems very

accurate to me.  Just a suggestion for everyone.  Hope it helps!

snarlyjack

--- 帖子 #1267 ---
Thanks Ayaz...misery loves company!

From PM and chatting some other regulars of the thread, these past days were not too good for most.  We need to assess the overall market and find out what are the conditions that made our system less successful...and how do we adapt to them for the future.

FW

--- 帖子 #1268 ---
I've been trying this for a while now and it seems to work well...I wanted to know if we can use it with other currency pairs or only on EUR/USD..???

Thanks..

--- 帖子 #1269 ---
I had the same issue so I reverted back to the full MTF method to rebuild by account as well. Great day today with 54+ pips in hand.

--- 帖子 #1270 ---
If by "in retrospect" you mean that you reviewed the past week to see where the good entries were or not I suggest to you that there is a huge difference in seeing where the winners materialized in the past and trading an MTF Stoch set up in actual time. Even those set ups that turned out to be winners may not have looked that way 100% of time while in progress. Maybe I am stating the obvious, but I am still learning that there is a stark difference between picking winners on a completed chart and "feeling" the mtf charts in real time.

I know that's not a solution, but it helps me to know that I need to keep a feel for a "live" stoch.

--- 帖子 #1271 ---
no doubt Kudzu, but let me tell you what I did and then you tell me where I went wrong...

Looking at every instance where the priceline was over 90 or under 10 for one week, I then waited until not just the new 5 criteria for a trade were met,but also waited until the M15 crossed 20 or 80 and closed....starting 3 candles past that point cause that's when we would have actually seen that close.  then entering on the open of the next candle and setting a TP of 10 pips would have yielded 20 winners and 4 losers.  Even if your SL was 50 which we wouldn't do in this sort of system, you'd not lose money, with any stop loss less than 50 you'd make money.  I think that's a + result...one which I can not duplicate in real time for the life of me!

--- 帖子 #1272 ---
Thanks for the suggestion SnarlyJack but I am struggling to find a combination entry that is going with the trend of your EMA's it seems to be lagging in comparrison with the stochs - Are you seeing something different?

--- 帖子 #1273 ---
well, maybe Spud can offer you some tips. I would say that you should give yourself a lot of screen time on a demo testing your entry skills. Wait for a good real time entry, then automatically exit after you are 5 pips in ahead.

Then write down some brief points on how you actually thought through your entry. Do this exercise 50 times and then look back over your notes to see if you can notice any patterns (good or bad) in your entries and then any patterns that are typical of the good entries.

.

--- 帖子 #1274 ---
me too i had some bad trades this week

i hope we can find a filter for those bad enties

--- 帖子 #1275 ---
This is my first post of the thread after reading through everything, trying it out in live trading, and actually finding merit to the system.  In my experience most people start threads that have really had no success at all in trading, but play themselves off as experts.  It is apparent to me that Spud really does know his stuff, so I give him mad props.

So far I am 3/3 for this week trading EURUSD, but I do not use Stochs all by themselves.  I have simply tried utilizing the MTF stochs to better pinpoint my entries and to determine exits.  I have posted a picture of my trading setup just for curiousity's sake only.  I encourage everyone to take Spud's knowledge and turn it into something that works for you.  I believe that is what he is trying to encourage as well.

One of the best things we all can do to become better traders is to keep a journal of all our trades.  My humble suggestion for everyone is to start grading the trades you place so you know how you are actually doing.  The two hardest things to do are 1) remain patient and stay in a trade when the signals tell you to do so 2) exit a trade and admit you are wrong.  Grading your trades will tell you how you are faring in these regards.

Grading your trade

I like to grade all my trades as suggested by Dr. Alexander Elder.  He grades based off channels, but I grade my own trades based off the high/low range of pips from my entry to the best possible exit.  I have graded my three trades from this week below.  As you will see sometimes a 10 pip trade is an A trade, while a 20 pip trade may only rate a C.

Grading System

Capture more than 30% of available pips = A

Capture between 20-30% of pips = B

Capture between 10-20% of pips = C

Capture less than 10% of pips = D

Trade 1

S eurusd @ 1.2922     Exit @ 1.2912     +10 pips

Range: 1.2925 - 1.2907                     = 18 pips

10/18 = .5555 or 56%

Grade: A

Trade 2
B eurusd @ 1.2874      Exit @ 1.2896     +22 pips

Range: 1.2867 - 1.3000                       =133 pips

22/133 = .1654 or 17%

Grade: C

As you can see I was far too impatient on trade 2 as I missed a boatload of pips.  The trend was in my favor and the escalator was in motion.  Still a C is passing and acceptable for now.  Just a lesson to be learned along the way.

Hope the grading system helps some other traders, and thanks to Spud for all the time he has taken outlining this information for free!

--- 帖子 #1276 ---
Great advice!

--- 帖子 #1277 ---
Just to keep you all updated,

I haven't been posting because I have been working on a trend buster/identifier that should be of great help.  It is at least looking very promising but I do have some work with regards to writing it up and making chart pics....which as you probably know is very time consuming.  Oh...and it is pretty simple to use.

So, I'm still here working away.

--- 帖子 #1278 ---
thank you spud

waiting for the new updates

--- 帖子 #1279 ---
Hey Spud just interested to know if you personally take much fundermental information into account when you're trading

--- 帖子 #1280 ---
I'm always listening, if I use it then it is subconciously for trading.  I find it can influence me in a most negative way.  Stoch's line up for the fundamentals, it is probably telling us the true market intention and that is why it is more reliable...in my humble opinion.

I'm more likely to exit or avoid an entry if things are contradictory but I'm usually in an out, so to say I trade them or let them influence me would be a no....I prefer to trade where the money is rather than where people say they will put their money.

--- 帖子 #1281 ---
Good words of wisdom to trade by....

--- 帖子 #1282 ---
just a thought

all what i want from the forex market is a daily 10 pips 99% safe

thats all i want thats enough for me

i dont dream about chasing a trend or a 100 dailly pips

but still the stop positions eats my profitable trades

--- 帖子 #1283 ---
Ah Ok Thanks Spud -

--- 帖子 #1284 ---
hi sarah2002, it's ok to have high dreams and wishes as all of us. BUT ...

99% safe trades ( one Entry a day 10 pip TP - assuming 250 trading days a year)

* In  2 years you would have had: 500 Trades - 495 Trades Winner each 10 PIPS: 495 * 10 PIPs = 4950 PIPs

- 5 Trades Looser (setting StopLoss 990 PIPs away):  5 * 990 PIPs  = 4950 PIPs
So the real Question is: Can you do that:

500 Trades TakeProfit 10 PIPs, StopLoss 990 Pips: do you have just 5 looser? Maybe but ?

Some other thoughts: even if you have in the end just 5 looser !! you MUST enter a new trade each day  -- Do you have enough Margin to do that and make a meaningful Profit by 10 PIPs TakeProfit setting?

No offence sarah2002 - I think 99% safe trades (one each day) is not realistic - except you don't trade at all. http://www.forexfactory.com/images/icons/icon12.gif

But we all try to get closer to that.

wish all of us good trading.

MJ

Even if we could achieve this success rate there are at least 2 major problem I see:

- NOT enough margin (for meaningful Profit) in a time where a couple of trades turn against us (by 990 PIPs StopLoss setting) to enter each day a new trade.

- What about if we have the five first trade the StopLoss of 990 Pips hit ?

- this leaves us only with setting the Stop Losss much closer - and than it is even harder to achieve such success rate 99 % safe trade.

There are still some other thoughts: if in case we make sometimes more then 10 PIPs profit ? would be a very positive influence. etc.......

What is the optimal StopLoss setting to win???

--- 帖子 #1285 ---
Well I did manually on my live account.

I did not have the guts to stay in for an escalator or so - closed  manually on the first negative sign.

Still a nice profit in %.

MJ

--- 帖子 #1286 ---
Glad I took the Profit and ran!

properly exactly what Spud means: predict the short retracement

- or was it luckhttp://www.forexfactory.com/images/icons/icon12.gif

Happy Trading

--- 帖子 #1287 ---
Hi All

Just thought I'd share with you something I've been playing around with the last few days while trying to get some more consistant entries with this combination technique

Below is an example of using divergence as another signal to confirm trades - Just something you could play around with as with everything its not 100% perfect and I posted a perfect day for doing it this way.

The chart below is Tuesday there were trades gallore - There were easily 300+ pips AVAILABLE in these examples alone but of course we cant always buy at the bottom and close at the top for maximum pips

If you don't know much about divergence is there is a good explanation of it here:
http://www.babypips.com/school/divergence_trading.html

The 3rd example (red lines) the PL wasn't actually in the right position to trade the combination but for examples purposes I put it in there

I guess in the end it's waiting for a sort of double top or bottom to form instead of jumping straight in on the first signal and then of course confirming it with the divergence. I hope it can help some of you. As Spud said you need to know which signal is the RIGHT signal - this could possibly give a better clue

Just an idea

Anyway keep eye out for it and post some example in here too if you see anything worth noting

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1288 ---
Heres a couple more examples of the divergence in action but also shows another filter I've been using whereby instead of entering right on the close of the signal candle, waiting until the low is broken... This filters out a few bad trades too.

Particularly those annoying ones that reverse right on entry and never even bring you into profit like the first one.

We had the signal and normal procedure would be to enter straight away but waiting to make sure the low gets broken would of kept us out of this bad trade.

You might also notice the hidden divergence straight after this bad entry where by the price makes a slightly Higher low but the %K makes a much much lower low - this is a bullish signal.

--- 帖子 #1289 ---
These are just some Ideas I wanted to share guys maybe you could test some of this out yourself - or maybe it will trigger some ideas of your own

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1290 ---
Have the filters been working pretty good for you?

--- 帖子 #1291 ---
Cindy I think those are good ideas. I'm wondering if the "waiting for the low to be broken" in your trade is the equivalent of the M1 being under 23.6???

In divergence when the price diverges from the indicator, in this case stochs, is it the stochs that trump the price or vice versa. From your examples looks like price won.

FW

--- 帖子 #1292 ---
Yes actually waiting for the divergence has kept me out of a lot of bad entries but there have still been some bad ones - can't win them all!

and waiting for the low or high to be broken is just and extra security measure that also filters out a few - you only miss a couple of pips from where you would normally get in

--- 帖子 #1293 ---
No its not the same because often ive entered with the combination rules and M1 has to be under 23.6 ATTHE TIME OF ENTRY for a short and still the low hasn't been broken of the trigger candle - instead M1 and price just bounced up right on entry...

As for the divergence question I don't really understand what you're asking I'm no expert on divergence but have lately grown a liking to it. In the link I posted above theres a really good explanation of the 2 different types of divergence.

the examples I showed above were all the same type where for example price makes a higher high (swing high) but the stoch makes a lower high - this is bearish Divergence

Or where price makes alower low but the stock makes a higher low - Bullish divergence

Then thers Hidden divergence but I wont go into that you can read about it if you want to at the link I posted above

--- 帖子 #1294 ---
thanks for both answers which make sense. I think this could be useful. Especially if it worked for you during these trendy days.

re: the M1 bounce,  I think waiting for that low/high of the trigger to be broken helps confirm the direction of the trade.  Thanks for investigating this.

FW

--- 帖子 #1295 ---
Well it worked in a sense that it wasnt there so stopped me looking for trades - When it did exist there was usually a small but profitable bounce until it hit the top and had the big bounce....

on the other hand there was also lots of hidden divergence that played well with elasticity trades going WITH the trend - this is where for example for a bullish hidden divergence the price makes a HIGHER LOW butt he stoch make a much LOWER LOW (chart below)

its slightly confusing at first but very easy to getthe hang of theres only 4 divergence signals

1- Price HH - Stoch LH - Bearish (normal divergence)

2- Price LL - Stoch HL - Bullish (normal divergence)

3-Price HL - Stoch LL - Bullish (Hidden divergence)

4 -Price LH - Stoch HH - Bearish (Hidden Divergence)

It wasnt my intension to turn this thread into a divergence lesson sorry Spud just wanted to throw some ideas out there but maybe we can build something around this im not sure

--- 帖子 #1296 ---
I think what Sarah means is, she wants to know that she can walk away today with 10 pips.

We'll never have 99% trade accuracy..the markets will never allow us.  It is the same reason there will never be a perfect EA...the markets work on a zero sum bases  losers=winners...so the market will always change to keep this ratio.

However, it doesn't mean we can't walk away with 10 pips everyday..even with a bad win ratio..it's just a whole lot easier if we won all the time.

--- 帖子 #1297 ---
It's great throwing these ideas around!  Divergence is a great tool.

--- 帖子 #1298 ---
Heres today with some examples of both types of divergence

--- 帖子 #1299 ---
Thanks Spud glad to have your approval -

--- 帖子 #1300 ---
Really good job Cindy!!

Lubo.

--- 帖子 #1301 ---
Great info Cindy

Divergence is a great indication of what is going on in the market.

Keep up the good work.

Kilo

--- 帖子 #1302 ---
Look at picture. see that there is a long entry combination already from Dec-2-2008, but if u see the last 2 days trend it's really almost up, and on H1 the stoch 100-3-3 is always above 76.4.

Now it seems that the trend up is towards the end, and on 15 minutes the last part is down.( I took 30 pips from there. )

I think that in this scenario is perhaps easier to find  more valid long combinations, instead of short, on 5 min TF .

Lubo.

--- 帖子 #1303 ---
Hi,

I greatly value Spud's method on this forum, but it would be nice to summarize his posts in one document. Has anybody done this?  Just when I think I am up to par on his ideas, more posts will occur by others with tendency to move to a different direction, hence clouding my interpretation.

Has anybody summarized Spud's material?  It would certainly help.

Thanks

Al

--- 帖子 #1304 ---
Hii Zebra check the clipboard all the PDF's of the variations are on there

--- 帖子 #1305 ---
i think all the lost trades are due to the weak momentum

if we can identify the weak  momentum moves we can prevent lots of bad trades

--- 帖子 #1306 ---
The last 2 days I did a bit manual trading (next to programming a new more advanced Bot version) on a small live account.

I have to say I only used loosely the mechanical rules and properly had a bit of luck too. so nice Profit % for two days. (Shame it was my small account ;-)

Anyway closed all trades in Profit and go into weekend - programming.

Have a nice weekend!

Mj

--- 帖子 #1307 ---
You are right. weak momentum is the problem

--- 帖子 #1308 ---
Doesn't CindyXXXX's idea of only entering AFTER the H/L of the signal candle is breached one way of avoiding a stagnant no momentum trade.  Its simple but does seem to filter out a good portion of stinky trades.

--- 帖子 #1309 ---
Perhaps we can look at how far the price is moving in relation to the stochastics - this might be a good guage.

Like if the stoch moves from 80 to 20 and price moves 50 pips but then the stoch move back up to 80 and price only moves 15 pips - we could say the momenum favours the down side.

This sort of thing

--- 帖子 #1310 ---
i ve no experience with the divergence filter

but maybe programmers can build a momentum indicator that measure the stochastic % change with the price move

i ve this indicator but i never managed to be able to read it maybe someone can help me or the programmers can modify it

--- 帖子 #1311 ---
Thats an interesting idea Sarah - would be a very cool indiactor to have i think

--- 帖子 #1312 ---
Hi Sarah,

I don't understand very well what u mean with % change?

Could u clarify what would be to show the indy?

Lubo

--- 帖子 #1313 ---
Thought about Filter!

I think it is a good idea to find some kind of reliable filter.

But I would also like to draw attention that to many filtering will have also some other effect.

What I saw is - that sometimes a filter can get you in late (actually too late) and a good trade otherwise would have no room to succeed.

I'm not sure if I get the right vibration: but it seems to me that some of you (who are longer following Spud's threads) had recently more Losses than before.

If that is so: maybe one should go back to the time - before we played around with the mechanical rules ;-) and the Filter and so on..

Maybe the market did not change as much as one might think - but the trading approach changed ;-)

Just a thought of a recent member.

MJ

--- 帖子 #1314 ---
well i ll try to explain  my idea i see that cindy understands it too maybe she ll express it better than me because my english isn t that good

sometimes i see the stochastic say 14-1-1 makes a trigger and croos 10 line up for a long signal and it cross15m 14-3-3 up and that results in a good move sometimes not and price fall again to the down trend

for example if price moves for 25 pips up and that produces a 15% possitive move to the 14-3-3 15m stochastic up that means a strong momentum is here

if price moves 15 pips and stochastic moves 30% thats an elasticity means weak momentun something is wrong

i didnt discover yet a scale or a relation between the pips and stoch%

but i feel it

maybe with the help of a digital indicator we can manage to discover the relation

its all about momentum and force of the price/stoch

--- 帖子 #1315 ---
Hi Zebra

Were you able to find Spud's method. I have been trying to get it too. If you find it, please send the link to me as well. Thanks

--- 帖子 #1316 ---
hi Trendylines! on the top you can click the attached files to download:

see the pic below. at my black dot ;-)

CindyXXXX was so kind and did many pdf - you also find some in Spud's other threads.

hope this helps.

MJ

--- 帖子 #1317 ---
hi sarah2002,

I was also thinking a little bit about that.  As had to program all my indicators (not so many at the moment) myself I also did the Stochastic one.
Formula

First the %K(fast) line is calculated, as with the Fast Stochastics. (This line is not shown in the graph.)

*   The %K(fast) line is defined as follows:

%K(fast) = (CP - Ln) / (Hn - Ln) * 100

where CP = Latest Closing Price, n = the number of periods, Ln = the Lowest bid price  over the last n periods, and Hn = the Highest ask price over the last n periods.

Then:

%K(full) = m1-period simple moving average of the %K(fast) line

%D(full) = M2-period simple moving average of the %K(full) line

Parameters

The Full Stochastics has three parameters:

* n specifies the number of periods to use when calculating the initial %K(fast).

* m1 specifies the number of periods over which the %K(full) line is to be smoothed.

* m2 specifies the number of periods used to calculate the %D line.
I do not have the time right now (too busy with my new bot) to really think it through if we can get from that the results you are looking for -- maybe -- maybe not.

Maybe the formula is a help for some of you to think that through.

MJ

--- 帖子 #1318 ---
This sounds intriguing, how about a traffic light red yellow and green: if %change stoch < % change price then green for go: if % change stoch > % change price elastic, caution, yellow light; If percent change stoch is + and % change price is (-) then red light.  Nothing is more exasperating than right after you buy, the stoch moves in your direction, more, more , more meanwhile the price hasn't moved THEN THE STOCH TURNS and you get creamed.

--- 帖子 #1319 ---
Hi Cindy,

Thanks for the tip of checking the attachments.  I guess what I am looking to find is a summary of Spud's methods, instead of the various files that have been posted.  Not sure if I will find it here...

Perhaps spud can, sometime in the future, post something like this.

Regards

Al

--- 帖子 #1320 ---
Hello Sarah,

I do not know if the % change of stochastic in relation with % change of price could be of some use, u can see it from chart an stocastich line.

I think that if you follow the spud combination rules, you can avoid many false entries.

If u have a comb on 5 minute TF, u must look at 15 min chart if there is an entry comb too and then at 30.... and so.... if u have no comb at higher TF the gain is few pips, or maybe small loose, if u have a comb on higher TF is much probably gain more pips.

Spud has explained this well.

And I have seen that is this in most cases.

The problem is that this cases are few per day.

Lubo.

--- 帖子 #1321 ---
Hi Zebra - no one can summarise Spuds methods better than Spud himself so all the PDF files contain is his explanations exactly as he posted them.

All different methods are in a sense the "same thing" as they all use MTF stochastics just explained difefrent ways.

The most recent one is the "Combination entry" which I've attached below and what the main focus has been on in the thread lately. - this is the same sort of thing as his other "techniques" just giving us a more mechanical entry as some people were struggling to grasp the original explanations.

In this thread we've had 3 different approaches and you will find these summarised in the PDF's on the clipboard

In order they were:

1 - Spudfyers Predictive Stochs ( 3 PDF's for this: - Pt.1 Pt.2 and Pt.3)

2 - SONIC PMTFS

3 - Spuds combination entry

Spuds's made many other threads with different methods the main ones being "Escalator to pips" and his "rope theory" you can find these PDF's on the clipboard as well if you want to read them.

I hope this answers your question

--- 帖子 #1322 ---
I would consider the following a tool, to use in conjunction with the Combination Rules, Escalator to Pips, Sonic Indicator, or anything else you like.

I've included the templates below, as the setup is quite cumbersome for MT4 newbies. I'll explain what is in the Dynamik, but not how to set it up on MT4....use the templates!

Spud's Dynamik is used to follow momentum, trend and trend changes. there are 4 key components:

1. Price Chart - MacD 12,26,9

Trend change is indicated when the (red) bars cross the (yellow) moving average line.

Long Term Momentum is measured by the MacD values of the highs and lows for the corresponding segments (see chart below). For example, progressive lower valued "short" peaks indicate a longer long trend if the "long" peaks are higher in value. (read more on MacD in Google)

Short Term Momentum is measured from the bars...bars increasing in length mean sustained momentum, bars shortening mean weakening momentum.

2. Chart 2 - Stochastics Scale

We bring in the stochastics but use neither the %K or %D...what we simply want is the stochastics to lock in the 80/20 % scale for us.

3. Chart 2 - MACD-Colored_v102 5,13,1

This is a slighty modified MacD indicator. The only line we use is the moving average line (yellow). However, we are using the other hidden elements of the MAcD in a different way. These elements are the tri-signal average lines calculated from the MacD, and the "shift" of the MacD scale within our stochastic scale. I will go into more detail on the "shift" later. We can also use this as a momentum tool, when (yellow) moving average line peaks the price is exhausted in that direction. We camn also incompass the (yellow) moving average for "off-peak" trading when it peaks above 80 and below 20.

4. Chart 2 - Tri-Signal Moving Averages MA(2),(3),(4)

This is our confirmation tool for trend changes. The moving averages signal when MA(2) and MA(4) converge and cross. When and where this happens is the most important factor.

When it happens after a cross of the (yellow) moving average line

When it happens at the peak of the (yellow) moving average line

In all cases, this convergence must correspond to our first MacD (on the price chart) when the bars cross the moving average. This may happen at the same time, just before or just after.

Below is a quick look at the chart and I'll break it down into detail in the following posts.

--- 帖子 #1323 ---
Below are examples of the (red) bars crossing the (yellow) MA of our MacD where the yellow arrows point. We can also see on our price chart the corresponding price moves. This is called our Dynamik Cross.

The vertical lines represent our trend change area. This area is denoted by where we get our Dynamik Cross and the Tri-Signal Convergence Cross on our other chart (not shown).

I messed up with the graphic on the 3rd cross, it should be the next bar. But picking tat as a cross isn't wrong...just early and predictive.

I'm not going to explain using this for momentum. There is a wealth of infomation on MacD as a momentum indicator with the settings of 12,26,9...I strongly suggest you read and understand that...just google MacD Momentum. I believe the momentum aspect is fairly obvious.

Of course using this indicator alone is not enough. Although it can be extremely acurate alone, it is also prone to many false signals. So as always we need to weed out those false signals as best we can without impacting the good signals.

--- 帖子 #1324 ---
So the first one was easy....this is a little more complicated...but is really easy once you get the hang of it.

Let's talk about this chart for a while because there are many things going on all at once. We have to learn to read this chart to fully appreciate it everything it tells us.

If you ever scrolled through a MacD chart you know that the scale shifts when price breaks the scale (range) boundaries. This shift is an extremely important tool for filtering out price moves in the over bought/sold markets. You need to be aware of this shift because it greatly affects any backtesting you do. You cannot look at MacD on this chart statically, you will have to scroll forward and watch for shifts of the (yellow) MacD MA. We are only worried about the "present" location and not the past of the MAcD MA.

This shift is why we have incoporated the stochastic 100% scale. This makes it far easier to see the over bought/sold conditions occurring beacuse MacD cannot exceed our scale and therefore must shift within our scale.

THE ONLY THING YOU NEED TO KNOW NOW IS THAT THE "SHIFT" OCCURS AND IF BACKTESTING YOU MUST ACCOUNT FOR THIS SHIFT.

So let's leave the shift behind for another rainy day and look at to what signals trend change.

The vertical lines correspond to my previous chart post..here we just have the green and blue vertical lines. These lines represnt the fuzzy area of our trend change....I call them Dynamik Transition Zones. They simply mark when we get our first signal from or Dynamik Cross and then mark where our Tri-Signal MA's converge and cross. That's it.

So, the Dynamik Transition Zone is the time between our Dynamik Cross and latest Tri-Signal Convergence Cross. This can be simultaneous or spread out....but it must happen or we won't have a trend change. We generally want it to happen as close together as possible.

The other dynamic of our Dynamik Transition Zone is where the Tri-Signal Convergence Cross occurs. There are really only two positions we want...the move across our (yellow) MAcD MA or one that occurs at a MacD MA peak. Remember we only care about the one near to our Dynamik Cross, the rest don't matter. This location of our Tri-Signal Convergence Cross is called our Dynamik Signal.

So what we want to establish is our Dynamik Transition Zone which is made up of our:

Dynamik Cross

Dynamik Signal

Just burn this chart below in your head.

Obviously we won't see a transition zone until it happens. But as such we have three points of entry we can confirm with whatever else we use to enter a trade. The first and earliest would be to receive only a Dynamik Cross or Dynamik Signal...this is obviously the riskiest but may get you in earlier. The second is waiting for the Transition Zone to establish and trade at the point the zone is established. The third is to wait and trade after the transition zone. You can usually see things developing so when you use this tool, you'll find it much easier to time trades inreal time.

There are two more important details. The first is the peak. Trading off the MacD MA peaks on the Dynamic Filter is almost always a guarantee for a long trend...well as long as the trend allows. If you use this in combination with every thing else and whatever you use to enter then you will almost certainly have a good trade with the trend and have filtered out the over market killer. The important thing about trading off these peaks is waiting for our Transition Zone to get established and the "shift" to end (more on shift later).

The last detail is the MacD 0 line. If our Tri-Signals don't cross the 0 line our current trend stays true. They may ride the 0 line..or fuzzy around the 0 line...but no cross keeps our trend true. This is a very delayed indicator unfortunately, because we should be entering trades just before the cross of the 0 line to maximize our entry. However, with your other tools at hand you will learn to use this during your trade.

So, that's seems like a lot but in practice it is all actually very easy to understand and see.

--- 帖子 #1325 ---
Hi Spud sorry this is a bit off topic but I was wondering if you could help me...

I'm messing around with a spreadsheet and when I put in the %K formula it never matches the %K stoch on my chart

Example:

14,3,3 15m Chart

EUR/USD 17:30 -20:45 GMT Friday (last 14 bars on my chart)

%K = 100*[(C-L14)/(H14-L14)]

%K= 100*((13375-13331)/(13386-13331))

20:45 candle close %K = 80.00 (By this calculation)

But on my chart at that time the %K is 89.75

Am I missing something here? The %K on my chart never seems to match the calculation

--- 帖子 #1326 ---
Let's examine a trade with our Combination Rules and see how we do.

Chart time is 12/12 9:35 EurUsd and we have our first signal coming from our Dynamik Cross where the MacD on our price chart (red) has crossed the (black) MacD MA.

Everything else at this point is pretty much a no go for trade entry, but we do have some hopes we may get a long entry developing.

The second chart 10 mins later tells us everthing is a go or a Long trade. We have our Combination Rules met, we have a Dynamic Transition Zone established when we got the Dynamic Signal.

So, Long it is at 9:45 chart time (9:50 EST +7).

--- 帖子 #1327 ---
hi CindyXXXX,

I think I know what you might miss:

Your calculation is the K% of the FAST Stoch (14,1,1) try that.

MJ

--- 帖子 #1328 ---
Perfect yes the 14,1,1 matches Thanks but how would i adjust the formula for the 14,3,3 - I know theres a 3 period moving average involved but I thought that was just the %D

%D = %K with 3SMA

But theres another 3 involved here isn't there lol

--- 帖子 #1329 ---
We are now just into our trade and something kinda cool is going to happen. We are going to witness the Dynamik Filter "shift".

Notice on the bottom chart the MAcD (black) line is all the way up near the top. Also see the MacD 0.00 line is well near the top as well.

In the second chart I will show you the "shift". You will see the 0.00 line come down as the MacD shifts in the upward trend. This is an easy play to follow in a trade and you can also see our MacD on the price chart is still in the long trend and our M1 filter will go into overbought.

The second chart goes to the end of the shift motion. So, you noticed price dropped. Eh? (Being Candian we say, "eh?" a lot). What don't you see here. You don't see our MAcD indicating any break in our Long Trend and look at how low our M15 stochastic is. You know what you are looking at.....this is M1 and M5 stochs coming down to get the M15 to bring it back up.

--- 帖子 #1330 ---
You have calculated the "1-period moving average" aka %k FAST.

To get SLOW %k all you need to do is take the average of the previous 3 periods of what you already calculated (%k fast.)

To get the SLOW %d you need to calculate the n period moving average of the SLOW %K.

Good luck with all that!

--- 帖子 #1331 ---
Looks like I've got some reading to do thanks Spud

--- 帖子 #1332 ---
So let's jump to the exit. During that rade we had another shift, the MacD's kept us in our uptrend and basically there was nothing but follow the M15 stochastic up to the top peak where it now sits.

You can see we have an entirely new "SHORT" Transition Zone established...so somewhere in here is your best exit.

One thing to note is the The Dynamik Cross. You may think the cross happened earlier at Arrow 1...this is not a cross as our bars have reversed coming up above the MacD zero level..so these long bars have to shorten up now and fall below our MAcD MA as they do at Arrow 2.

You can also clearly see our Dynamik Siganl at the peak of the MacD that established our Transition Zone.

Oou Combinaion Rules..are clearly heading for a short...note how much longer we could stay in this trade and folow the trend and how it coincided with our M15 Stochastic.

All of this works together.

--- 帖子 #1333 ---
If you calculate it vs 14,1,1 you'll be spot on.  The 14,x,3 "3" is an average which is what slows our stochastic.

--- 帖子 #1334 ---
CindyXXXX  take a other careful look at the formula I posted - this is how I do it and it matches perfectly OANDA Stochastics:

http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...postcount=1321

For a full Stoachistic  you still need to calculate:

Then:

%K(full) = m1-period simple moving average of the %K(fast) line

%D(full) = M2-period simple moving average of the %K(full) line

hope this helps a little bit to point you in the right direction.

--- 帖子 #1335 ---
I'll be showing you forward trades with the Dynamik as it is just way too time consuming to account for the MAcD shift in showing previous trades examples.

I'll be using the Combination Rules and the Dynamik together.

--- 帖子 #1336 ---
Thanks Spud,

1. I suppose this is a new idea of yours and not yet thoroughly tested in live trading, or do I miss something ?

Will you only use the combination and the new filter or also the Rope in your personal live trades you plan to show forth?

2. How long have you actually trading the Stochastic Ideas yourself live.

The MTF The Escalator to Pips Strategy   thread dates  April 4, 2007

just curious.

3. Still would love to hear what amount in % do you usually use for 'Puting Value into PIPS'

Thanks MJ

--- 帖子 #1337 ---
I am pleased to see the return of Spud with so much new material.

So many new things to learn.

I hope to find, in short, the time to study it.

Thanks Spud.

Lubo.

--- 帖子 #1338 ---
1.  Actually an old idea with some tweaking.  The first MacD indicator is standard fare for momentum.  The filtering is my puppy...it's tweaked so yes it needs some forward testing...don't go $$ crazy using it....yet.

2.  Stochastics and Oscillators in general go back a long time for me.  Escalator and MAcD were where I started...after I spent a few years throwing money away on every system in the book.

3.  $1 PIP for every $5,000 is a good ratio this keeps your risk at 2% or less very easily.  Over about $50,000 in the account it is better to drop your risk until you get to risk of fractions of a percent, so that dictates your trade %.

--- 帖子 #1339 ---
Thanks Spud,

At my broker for 1$ (I use EURO) a PIP I need about 14.000 Units.

which gives a leverage of about  3:1. (which is actually nearly 18 % of the possible leverage)

Which means with a 5000 $ account you would aim at about 0.4 % profit a day (20PIPs)

SOME INSPIRATION: for some of you who might be interested what 0,4 percentage a day could do http://www.forexfactory.com/images/icons/dollar.gifhttp://www.forexfactory.com/images/icons/dollar.gifhttp://www.forexfactory.com/images/icons/dollar.gif

if one can achieve constantly that - (and keep the same ration 'Account Balance to Value per 1 PIP' even when the account has grown)

you would have (assuming 250 trading days a year) compound: after 1 year :                                       13564 $

after 2 years :                                       36798 $

and if you start today: you would by 1/15/2014  have 1000 000 $

well, mainly I just wanted to know what you meant by 'Putting Value in PIPs'

I have implemented some useful MoneyManagement option in my Bot system some years ago too.

MJ

Ps: before one get's to enthusiastic about the 1000 000 $ -- in praxis it would NOT work out like that as you properly have to pay taxis which changes the continuous compounding a lot.

--- 帖子 #1340 ---
Just a feedback of my own process!

Well, after implementing the first BOT version of Spud's mechanical approach -  I went back to what Spud wrote about:

For my new 'highly configurable advanced entry BOT version 2'http://www.forexfactory.com/images/icons/icon12.gif I made nearly all parameters adjustable.

* All Stochastic settings are changeable as well the time of each Time Frame Level.

As it says, I'm still working mainly on the entry: for that I added a chart full of MTF conditions over 5 TimeFrame Levels (many conditions repeat themselves over the TF levels but I still kept each freely adjustable)*   I have at the moment 132 Risk Conditions (66 SHORT and 66 LONG) - it sounds more than it is if you calculate the Five Levels and for instance Direction pointing of the PriceLines and OriginLines you've got already 10

which I can include or not include in my Risk check.

Well - not absolutely free as some depend on others.

(my first BOT had many things not adjustable and just a small number of conditions)

*   On Level 1 one of the condition to be included is the Rope. ( I might extend that later easily to the other levels if I desire.)

*  I don't use our mechanical Filter Stoch (M1) anymore

*  I did not have yet a look if Spud's new 'dynamic MacD Filter' might be something worthy to include - still waiting to see what comes out of it ...

*   Each of the 132 Risk Conditions (66 SHORT and 66 LONG) I can designate to be:  ESSENTIAL  or CONFIRMATION.

For a valid New Entry all my ESSENTIAL Condition must be met, the CONFIRMATION Conditions I use for trade size adjustments.

*   A nice other notable feature is: Each Risk Condition can be prioritised by assigning a Count Value.

* I don't know yet for sure about exit. my rough thought now:

Define a second separate Exit Condition Map (which will properly overlap a lot with the Entry Conditions) and go the same way.

(for those interested: Just the risk check for one Level takes about 800 Lines code -- well this includes empty lines and quite some docs too)

--- 帖子 #1341 ---
Here's a trade with the Sonic Indicator, Dynamik and Combos....you can easily see how they all work together.

Trade signals start popping in the Transition Zone on the Dynamik. Depending how you want to enter, by the Combos, by the end of the transition zone at the Dynamik Cross...it is your choice. Also look how how the Sonic Indicator is showing us this trade by convergence and crossing the 76.4.

Take a good look at the square box on the Dynamik Filter chart. You will see this pattern many times for a great exit signal. The ultimate exit is where the red arrow points. See how the Tri-Signals and the MacD MA split apart..and the small peak prior to that where they come together as seen where the green arrow is. You will see this signal time and time again, a good one to post on the wall. As I said, this is a great exit confirmation.

If we wait...we get our M5 crossing up over the M15 to exit, or our Sonic breaking out from the oversold convergence.

You can see how our short trade ran the M15 nicely in one smooth move.

This is Nov 24 around 1:10 (EST +7) to 3:20. I decided I put Nov 24th to the test as there is a nice long trend with tons of false entries for the combos...so let's see how we do when we add the Dynamik.

--- 帖子 #1342 ---
i beleive the momentum filter ll help a lot  but if you pls can post more examples for different during the day for using everything together that ll add more understanding for the moves of the filter

thanks spud

--- 帖子 #1343 ---
Spud, once again thanks for Dynamik. I found it to be very reliable and think it can be also used as a stand alone system.

Regards/Harry

--- 帖子 #1344 ---
hi Harry123,

just a question: What do you mean if you say you found it very reliable ?

as Spud showed it just recently - in which way did you check it that you could conclude it to be very reliable and do you have any statistics you could share.

thanks MJ

--- 帖子 #1345 ---
I demo traded using it as a filter and found that most of my entry signals were correct. I don't keep any records but about 90 percent of my trade went through with positive results although some I bailout with only 2 to 3 pips gain.

Regards/Harry

--- 帖子 #1346 ---
Well, I have to say I'm not absolutely sure I will be able to finish this.http://www.forexfactory.com/images/icons/icon13.gif It has become complicated.

Found many errors and fixed so far what I found .... but not sure what bugs are still left.

Still not giving up yet.http://www.forexfactory.com/images/icons/icon12.gif

My plan would be to be ready in about 3 month - to go live with it. (if it proves itself to be worthy)

So there is still some time left to get it right.

Happy trading to all of you. Yesterday I had a real bad trade -  manual live trading - was lucky my stop loss was not hit and it turned around  so closed with a very small profit.but this could have been bad - as I use on my small test live account real high leverage.

--- 帖子 #1347 ---
Demo trade closed.

--- 帖子 #1348 ---
Nice one Harry - good example... Are you still using the combination entry combined with the chart above?

I've recently reverted back to Spuds old Skool MTF Stochs - the less mechanical approach - much like the PMTFS at the beginning of this thread and am enjoying it.

Keep posting some examples if you can thanks

BTW - nice divergence there too

--- 帖子 #1349 ---
Cindy,

The first reading of the Dynamik was quite intimidating for me. However after demo trading for a few times, it is getting quite friendly actually. I am using it in conjuction with all Spud's methods including MTF. Attached is a profile of my trading charts.

Regards/Harry

--- 帖子 #1350 ---
Another setup.

--- 帖子 #1351 ---
You might be right Harry I won't discount it just yet. I just like to keep it as visually simple as possible but you never know maybe i will learn to like it.

Thanks for posting your trades - Watching with interest

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1352 ---
Another set up with successful pip gains:

--- 帖子 #1353 ---
Hi Spud,

I have been reading up on your post.  Good stuff, but by adding more and more indicators it makes it more confusing. I prefer the old stochastic method and let your mind get used to it, instead of adding filters, etc.  Just my 2c worth.

Everyone talks about making $$ in forex, but I have increasingly read about how many people get their trading platform frozen when placing trades or how profits have been eradicated, etc - methods used to ensure the profitable trader does not continue to be profitable because the dealer takes the other side of the trade.  Is there a dealer out there that is honest and reliable?

Al

--- 帖子 #1354 ---
I post all the systems as different ways to view the same thing.  Some people are going to find it easier to use one than the other...but they are all based in the same "science".  Combinations, of indicators will/may help narrow down an entry and keep people out of trouble.

Re: brokers;  The largest danger to the small trader is setting fixed (small) stops.  All our stops are seen and when they clump together there is usually a spike to take them all out...but I didn't say that.

The brokers keep the spread...in the markets we are the winners and losers...for one of us to win, someone else is losing.  That is why you'll never find the perfect system or EA...it's a zero sum game winners=losers.

Brokers love traders, winners or losers.  They'd probably be happier if we won, as we'd trade more with them.

It's the same old myth about casinos cheating..casinos don't need to cheat..they have a guaranteed income built into every game based on the house advantage.....brokers make money whether we win or lose.  Both just make money with the money that passes through their hands.

I really don't find any one broker better than another...they all seem to have their issues and graces, just happening at different times.  For me, it is about customer service, access to my funds, etc. and being able to talk to real people and having a single contact that knows me.

I've never had a broker freeze my account for winning.  Some get a little testy at scalping, I just say bye-bye.

--- 帖子 #1355 ---
Would someone please explain how to set up the chart so that it appears the way the chart at post #493 does; that is with the price chart at the top and 7 stochastic charts below, all in the price chart window?

Thanks for any assistance.

--- 帖子 #1356 ---
DonJoe

Go to paper clip on top right of page and left click on it and a small window will open, then scroll down to Nov 15th. There you will find "All Stochastic V1.2.ex4"....Download this into your MT4 platform.

Alternately you can go to Post #509 on Page 34 of this thread for this indicator.

Kilo

DonJoe

http://www.forexfactory.com/images/icons/icon1.gif Chart Set up

Would someone please explain how to set up the chart so that it appears the way the chart at post #493 does; that is with the price chart at the top and 7 stochastic charts below, all in the price chart window?

Thanks for any assistance.

--- 帖子 #1357 ---
Hi Kilo,

Thanks for your advice.  I will give it a try now.

Best of luck with your trading!!

--- 帖子 #1358 ---
What a night!

While I was sleeping .http://www.forexfactory.com/images/icons/icon12.gif

The best results so far: All of my 15 BOTs made nice profit.

Actually the first mechanical did best on AUDJPY.

For test purpose I set every Order a 5 PIP Take Profit.  (and 100 PIP StopLoss)

As one can see all are quite save trades (thanks Spud) except the one at about 2:16  which went first into loss of about 30 PIPs

--- 帖子 #1359 ---
hi all,

I'm a MT4 newbie and would like to know how to add a chart with EUR/CAD - I could not find this Pair - is there a way to add it?

thanks MJ

--- 帖子 #1360 ---
Hello to all!

I have also one question regarding MT4. When I upload MACD_Colored_v102 I only see graph of EUR/USD - when i look at your pictures there are four diffrent lines. Does anybody know where is the problem?

--- 帖子 #1361 ---
Originally posted by m_j

http://www.forexfactory.com/images/icons/icon1.gif Help EUR/CAD

hi all,

I'm a MT4 newbie and would like to know how to add a chart with EUR/CAD - I could not find this Pair - is there a way to add it?

thanks MJ

m-j

Here is how to bring up all available pairs that your broker you have selected

carry's.

Kilo

--- 帖子 #1362 ---
Originally posted by Ataata,

http://www.forexfactory.com/images/icons/icon1.gif Help

Hello to all!

I have also one question regarding MT4. When I upload MACD_Colored_v102 I only see graph of EUR/USD - when i look at your pictures there are four diffrent lines. Does anybody know where is the problem?

Ataata, I'm not sure about your question, "four different lines". Please give more information on your question or which post are you referring too?

Kilo

--- 帖子 #1363 ---
I can`t see stohastics and MA I only see basic candelstics of selected pair.

--- 帖子 #1364 ---
I found that the traditional MACD gives a better visual presentation of the crosses than the one in IBFX.

Here is a comparison.

--- 帖子 #1365 ---
Noticed that the settings of 8-17-9 on MACD ties in with the crosses of the dynamik filter and removes the transition zone. Wonder if is there a purpose for setting that zone by using 12-26-9?

--- 帖子 #1366 ---
It seems that the elastic trade works best and gives more pips during a trending market like the last few days. Basically it gives the "hitching the ride" effect of trading in the direction of the trend.

--- 帖子 #1367 ---
Beautiful setup. This dynamik is awesome.

--- 帖子 #1368 ---
Nice one Harry looks like you've got this down pat

--- 帖子 #1369 ---
Thanks Kilobucks,

well I did not have some Pairs - so I signed up at the same broker as yours. thanks

MJ

--- 帖子 #1370 ---
Hey Ataata

Download and add to your platform the MACD coulored indicator and both templates that Spud provided in post #1326

Then load the template - this should work. If you don't know how to do this just ask

Actually I also have this problem - when I try and manually add the MACD coulored to my charts it just comes up as a normal traditional MACD - It's only when I load SPuds template that it actually comes up.

--- 帖子 #1371 ---
Look at this explosive trade captured by Dynamik with a second crossing - 330 pips todate!

--- 帖子 #1372 ---
THX for help Cindy.

I don`t have problems with first two templates. (sd filter.tpl and sd price.tpl), only with the third one (MACD_Colored_v102.mq4) when I upload it i got candelstick graph for EURUSD.

I have one more question how can I merge two diffrent graphs?

THX for help!

A.

--- 帖子 #1373 ---
I dont quite understand what you mean? - can you post a chart? Did you save it into your indicators file?

Merge different graphs? you can resize your chart window to fit them on the same screen... Go to "Window" - "Tile horizontally"

--- 帖子 #1374 ---
Another Dynamite setup. This is trading against the trend and I am preparing to bailout at the slightest discomfort.

--- 帖子 #1375 ---
My last post on this method using Usd/Cad as sample.

--- 帖子 #1376 ---
hi Harry123,

do you mind sharing a piece of your cakehttp://www.forexfactory.com/images/icons/icon12.gif

well, could you post a template for your setup of the above chart

Thanks

ps: I would find your charts even more helpful - I you post in addition a chart with trade entered and exit too. -(over the whole time it was open - so one sees very fast how good or bad the entry really was)

--- 帖子 #1377 ---
Here are my template and indicators of Spud Dynamite (Price Chart Time Frame for 5 mins). I love this method because it is very difficult to go mechanical :

--- 帖子 #1378 ---
Thanks Harry123.

I have to admit I'm still not convinced about the Filter stuff.

Do you have any comparison to only using the MTF Stochastic - How much does the Filter improve the Entry -- and how much did it actually hinder a good entry or changed a good entry to a worse one ?

--- 帖子 #1379 ---
I have convinced myself with demo trade that this is dynamite stuff - easily improve entry accuracy by 95%. Please do the same to convince yourself. I am afraid I cannot help you in this area other than inventor, Spud, himself. OK guys/gals, I have live trades to attend to .. adios...

--- 帖子 #1380 ---
Last post. This has turn into a monster trade.

--- 帖子 #1381 ---
spud what s your opinion about the 8-17-9 macd that harry uses?

--- 帖子 #1382 ---
i need the fast stochastic indicator for its sensitivity. Not the slow stoc. So there is no confusion you have a fast stoch and a slow stoc. I need the fast stoch. Not different settings for the slow stoch

thanks

--- 帖子 #1383 ---
i've found it here it is for those who can use it

--- 帖子 #1384 ---
Now i see where the problem is. I can upload only .TPL files,  if I upload .ex4 and .mg4 I got only this graph:

--- 帖子 #1385 ---
I think there may be some words missing here.

--- 帖子 #1386 ---
well, anyone interesting in my programming process.

It seems I managed to program a major stability improvement.

At the moment I'm in the first serious forward test phase (still might have some bugs - but at least it looks like it does what it is supposed to do)http://www.forexfactory.com/images/icons/icon14.gif

In this first forward test phase: I have 36 test bots running. * I track 4 pairs: EUR/USD, USD/CHF, AUD/JPY, EUR/CAD

* for each pair I have 9 test bots with different settings (some are just minor others are major different settings)

* hopefully I will keep a proper statistic

(I have to do that manually for all 36 bots)

(this manual checks are important so to see the difference and not just have some numbers)

* on the Statistic sheet I will keep track for each bot: TakeProfit or other close in profit, StopLoss or other close in loss
* I still do not let my bots auto restart after an error (to better debug them) so over night for instance there might be some hanging for a while even hours which could make the statistic not accurate.

Well this is where I'm in my implementation of Spuds MTF-Stochastics.

HAPPY TRADING to all of you

MJ

--- 帖子 #1387 ---
Thanks for the update MJ - Been watching all of your posts to see how this amazing task pans out.

Wow

--- 帖子 #1388 ---
EXCELLENT work MJ!  Im anxious to see more on your progress

But I have to ask about the 5 pip TP and 100 pip SL. Can't you find a more favorable risk:reward ratio?

--- 帖子 #1389 ---
Thanks  CindyXXXX.

hi ayaz,

you are completely right: 5 pips to 100 SL is too bad.

The fact is I'm still working on the entry ;-)

Well, until recently I was a bit tossed around by new mechanical rules and other ideas. Now with my highly configurable Bot version 2 and the improved stability checks I'm starting to be able to collect statistics.

So basically I plan to proceed like this: * let my 36 bots run day and night - they should do some work (I worked on Spud's MTF-implementation already about 1 month - approximately 5-8 hours each day)

* my main job will be: to manually check the trades on the charts - to get a feeling if this are good entries or bad once:

* check which settings are most fruitful (well here I have so many options so it might take a while)

* also it will be interesting if it works the same across this four pairs. ( properly not as my EUR/CAD Spread is much higher compaired to EUR/USD etc.)

** and after this all works fine -- I will have to look about exit rules:

I have already implemented a nice fix pips TP system for splitting each trade in as many multiple sub trades with different TP settings as I wich.

But I will also still check out if there are not better ways to exit: base on the overall Situation ov my 5 multi Time frames.

Not yet sure ?

* I also implemented already the StopLoss setting suggested by Spud himself: about 10 Pips below/above the PriceLine peak Price.  - just don't use it yet.

* one feature I think might really work out positively is my UnitsSize adjustment system - base on the properpility of anicipated success of a trade.

* also I have in my overall trading program already for more than a year a couple of nice MoneyManagement systems I just have to enable in the end when I'm set.

* bottom line is still: I'm not sure if in the end the win - loos ration will be worth keeping it.  with my present settings ( which I will change later) I would need 20 Winning trades for one looser which means 95 % success to break even which I doubt to succed.
Anyway - I thing my time horizont to go live with it in about 3 month is still manageable if I will progress as nicely as the last month.

If any of you is interested I can post from day to day my simple statistic I collect.

MJ

The chart below shows two trades - both where eventually Profit trades - but you see : the first was for me not a good entry - the second was one I like. Exactly for such things I'm looking now manually.

The real cool thing on this two trade is: my UnitsSize adjustment system work quite well and entered for the 1 trade the not so good entry: just 336786 Units and for the second which I consider a good one: 645921 Units.

(Well I test on a 100k Demo with purposely high percentage per trade - so if it fails one is shocked straight away ;-)

--- 帖子 #1390 ---
It's holiday time!

I'll be back in the New Year, wish you all the best and happy holidays!

See you in 2009!!

--- 帖子 #1391 ---
Spud wish you too  all the best for the New Year and Happy Holiday !!!

Thanks once more MJ

--- 帖子 #1392 ---
20081219

Trading Session: 8:33:00 - 13:15:00

Trading Session: 13:48:00 - 19:00:00

Total 36 bots over 4 pairs (EURUSD, USDCHF, AUDJPY, EURCAD):* TP: 146 / SL: 33

Percentage:* TP: 81.56 %  / SL: 18.44 %

Overall WORST system: based on the mechanical rules:

M5 Entries:

5 PIP TP or close by present and next higher TF-group Risk

assessment 60% or more (SL 100 PIPS)* TP: 23 / SL: 15    ||    TP: 60.53 %  / SL: 39.47 %

Overall BEST system: base on 16 Essential Risk assessments:

M1 Entries:

3 PIP TP (SL 60 PIPS)* TP: 20 / SL: 1    ||    TP: 95.24 %  / SL: 4.76 %

Overall WORST Pair: EURUSD* TP: 45 / SL: 17    ||    TP: 72.58 %  / SL: 27.42 %

Overall BEST Pair: AUDJPY* TP: 30 / SL: 2    ||    TP: 93.75 %  / SL: 6.25 %

As this are averages: from the 36 Bots 20 did make have a TP ratio of 100% (some just one trade 9 trades with 100 % TP was the highest)

As a summary: one can not say to much as this was just the first day: and from the 179 trades one has to consider that I use 9 bots pro pair and some of the trades where quite the same.

Based on this data: the overall performance would be a disaster.  (this set-up needs about 96 % success)

Having said that - there is a lot of good signs with more than 50 % of the bots succeeded in 100 % TP.

SL settings can be a lot adjusted which will reduce the currently needed success rate of about 96 % to much less.

CONSEQUENCES: over night I decided to program a additional version (basically extend the last one: with new Risk assessment options - especially the Rope implementation not only on the first time frame level (as I have it now) but for the TimeFrame Level 1,2,3,4 as well)

On this new version I will drop TimeFrame level  5 all together.

* also if on Monday the results are similar - I will drop the system based on the mechanical rules (reason - with the current bot I can simulate the mechanical entry to some extend - and the TF-group switching makes for me not much sense with a small fixed TP setting. This would be much more important if I would focus on Escalators to PIP - and I can always resurrect it in the future if I need too.)

Hope some of you find it interesting to experience yourself with different settings and Pairs - remember on this particular day EUR/USD did perform worst (with my config rules) even though it has the lowest spread)

MJ

--- 帖子 #1393 ---
Properly all of you anyway know that - but for some beginners with MT4 like me I just wanted to give a hint how I create extended templates like Spud's Rope.

Well basically I add just one indicator of the 18 Stochastic and then I edit it manually - with past and copy and replace just change the k% or collors. I find this much faster than doing it on the graphical interface.

--- 帖子 #1394 ---
Well,  I don't really know why I get so involved with Spud's systems.

* But somehow I loved his presentations enough to believe it 'could really work out well' (but this has still to be proven for me ;-)

* The other thing I like a lot - there is enough infos here to play with the main concept in many different ways - which gives plenty of option for Money Management and other things.

The feeling of satisfaction !!

The new additional version of my Bot 3 -  is more or less ready for testing. (was much easier this time - as I could build on all the previous related stuff and had already most of the ideas in my mind)

It's huge, highly configurable and at a level it would be very difficult to maintain by manual  trading. (well manually has other great levels which the bot does not have like the 'brain indicator').

ayaz will be glade to hear.

* In this version I also extended my Fix TP option to 3 levels (each with possible multiple trades)

About Money Management: The Base UNIT Size is based on the result from one of my existing extended Money Management systems.

This is completely different than Spuds 20 PIPS a day plus Pips Bank.

Base UNIT Size calculation

at the new Bot 3 I have 72 Short and 72 Long possible Risk Checks - each check can have different count weight so to give certain Checks more importance than others if wanted.

Depending on what checks are included I calculate the highest possible Risk.

my FINAL Base UNIT Size is the: Base UNIT Size multiplied by a RISK_UnitsAdjustmentPercentage

(which in turn is calculated from the Actual Current Risk Percentage of the highest possible Risk.)

Based on this FINAL Base UNIT Size I split a trade in unlimited (3, 10 , 20) configurable multiple sub  trades

So a possible TP scenario could be like that:

* ESSENTIALS are met: I split a FINAL Base UNIT Size into 3 multiple sub  trades1 - TP 5 PIPS (50 % Units)

2 - TP 7 PIPS (30 % Units)

3 - TP 9 PIPS (20 % Units)

* ESSENTIALS + ESSENTIALS BONUS 1 are met: I split a FINAL Base UNIT Size into 3 multiple sub trades1 - TP 10 PIPS (50 % Units)

2 - TP 13 PIPS (30 % Units)

3 - TP 16 PIPS (20 % Units)* ESSENTIALS + ESSENTIALS BONUS 1 + ESSENTIALS BONUS 2 are met: I split a FINAL Base UNIT Size into 3 multiple sub trades (depending on the config this could be a Escalator to PIPs)1 - TP 15 PIPS (50 % Units)

2 - TP 25 PIPS (30 % Units)

3 - TP 40 PIPS (20 % Units)I will also do a Trailing SL or at least one to set Break Even for the higher TP.

So all together I feel satisfied with this concept .http://www.forexfactory.com/images/icons/icon7.gifhttp://www.forexfactory.com/images/icons/icon14.gif

Especially the MoneyManagement, TP and hundreds of configuration options.

Now - I think I will take some programming rest -- just check for stability and take care of the possible bugs (which by this huge code is quite expected)

And collect some new statistics.

If anyone is interested: I thing I shared a great deal of my system in this thread - and hope it inspires programmer as well as even none programmer to explore more of the possibilities.http://www.forexfactory.com/images/icons/icon12.gif

Basically I think - I more or less arrived in the implementation of MTF Stochastic into a fully automatized trading system.

(there might be small additions: have some ideas like including the angle of the rope etc but not in the immediate future)

Now it's time to forget new stuff (for instance I do not allow for elasticity price lines (opposite of the Origin or Rope peak)) - fix remaining bugs and experiment with different configurations.

And most of all: Prove if it is overall well profitable - and get live with it in about 3 month time --  otherwise just get rid of it. (well at least it should pay me 2 month wages I will have invested in the end)http://www.forexfactory.com/images/icons/icon12.gif

So that should be all on the technical side of my MTF Stochastic project - as most members are not programmers - I do not want to spoil Spud's excellent thread.

Once more THANKS to all who contributed and especially to Spudfyre to share this vast information in a very helpful way.

MJ

--- 帖子 #1395 ---
MJ,

What is bot?

--- 帖子 #1396 ---
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Internet_bot

hope that helps.

--- 帖子 #1397 ---
hmm.. interesting. Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1398 ---
Actually what I miss a bit in most threads are the failure stories - with the proper charts it looks all so clear and easy doesn't it.http://www.forexfactory.com/images/icons/icon12.gif

EUR/CAD -- just did not manage to take profit (TP was 3 PIPS - but EUR/Cad spread is around 12 nmot sure what it was at this early morning) - and bum got 60 PIPs Stop Loss Hit just to retreat immidiately.

This is on a 1 TF-group.

Anyway - I think to give others also a fair impression what can happen - It is good to show successes and failures.

--- 帖子 #1399 ---
Thats a good point MJ - Most threads will give an illusion as to the real success rate of a system....

The people who had/have succesful trades will be quick to post a chart and picture "bragging" (in a way) about their trade - when the 10 people who lost trades "bragging" about it will be the last thing on their minds and so they won't post the trade they lost on...

In the end we are left with a whole lotta winners and very few losers being posted creating this sort of illusion. It happens in all threads and is a very good point to make.

I think this is a big trap of most threads

Just my opinion anyway

--- 帖子 #1400 ---
MJ,

I would not touch any pairs with spread of more than 5 pips using the Spud method. I would be very interested to know the performance if you could take out all the pairs with more than 5 pips spread from you data and do a re-assessment of the performance. Hope it is not too much bot work.

--- 帖子 #1401 ---
I sure can do that.

But I think it is wiser to wait a bit longer and see how things go - as the first statistic was just about 10 or so hours - which in fact is not really to be called a proper statistic at all for FX trading.

Just for the first tests I left all of the settings for all 4 pairs the same.

About the Pair - well I properly would not life trade EUR/CAD with this spread compared to my TP - but would adjust a TP to an average of a pairs daily or hourly or what every move.

anyway - overnight there was not much as my Weekend order blocking stops at 1 GMT on Mondays.

Doing some x-mas shopping (like the good food - before the stores are empty)and then check what happened to my 36 Fx-co-workers.http://www.forexfactory.com/images/icons/icon12.gif

--- 帖子 #1402 ---
Same settings as at the one from only 20081219: adding the new sessions

Trading Sessions:
20081219 – 08:33:00 20081219 – 13:15:00

20081219 – 13:48:00 20081219 – 19:00:00

20081222 – 01:00:00 20081222 – 06:00:00

20081222 – 07:53:00 20081222 – 17:00:00

Total 36 bots over 4 pairs (EURUSD, USDCHF, AUDJPY, EURCAD):* TP: 289 / SL: 37

Percentage:* TP: 88.65 %  / SL: 11.35 %

Overall WORST system: based on the mechanical rules:

M5 Entries:

5 PIP TP or close by present and next higher TF-group Risk

assessment 60% or more (SL 100 PIPS)* TP: 50 / SL: 17    ||    TP: 74.63 %  / SL: 25.37 %

Overall BEST system: base on 16 Essential Risk assessments:

M1 Entries:

3 PIP TP (SL 60 PIPS)* TP: 70 / SL: 3    ||    TP: 95.89 %  / SL: 4.11 %

Overall WORST Pair: EURUSD* TP: 97 / SL: 18    ||    TP: 84.35 %  / SL: 15.65 %

Overall BEST Pair: AUDJPY* TP: 52 / SL: 2    ||    TP: 96.3 %  / SL: 3.7 %

All together good day: with more than 97 % average winning success.

Note: *Mechanical System: Still the worst system

*EUR/USD still the worst Pair

*AUD/JPY still the best Pair

*The overall best system is a new one: a different one min entry than last time.

* from all 9 different system there is no one which would have managed (over all 4 pairs) till now the required 96 % TP

* From all 4 Pairs (average of 9 systems per pair) only Aud/JPY would have managed the needed  more 96 % TP to be profitable
PAIRS with 100 % TP systems EUR/USD: 2 x

USD/CHF: 6 x

AUD/JPY: 8 x (all systems except the mechanical one)

EUR/CAD: 5 x
So till now it's interesting!!

MJ

Based on this data: the overall performance has improved but would be still a disaster.  (this set-up needs about 96 % success)

Positive note: I managed for only today more than 97 %.

Also for instant I had one system with 13 TP || 1 SL   which is a success from about 92.86 % and through the basic UnitSize adjustment I would have been still a little bit profitable.

Sadly I did not get around to be ready for the new improved Bot 3 version to start running. I got caught up in a idea  in improving my already excellent Bot Scheduling system. So this was what I did most today. - which means I will let the same old 36 Bots continue over night.

For those interested: I have a scheduler system which allows nearly anything: but to avoid to much data fetching with a Bot which runs seldom ( I have some systems which run just once a week or once a day) I developed a system to sleep and just the data fetch processes wake up some seconds before the main Bot has to run again. So I improved the exactness of this waking up of the extra helper processes.

my present bot system looks like that:

1 Bot Feches rates for all

1 Bot fetches Interest Rates for all

Each Main Bot system has 3 processes: The Main Bot and two Fetch Helper who fetch AccountState and OrderStates

Behind that lays an own trading system with MoneyManagement and some indicators, scheduler system - order blocking and more ... (it all started already a couple of years ago and was over time extended, improved, rewritten ...)

Not talking into account the Basic background system: For a Bot implementation: Spud's MTF Stochastic ideas was until now the most complicated Bot I did (which does not mean by itself because it is complicated it will be more successful as one of the more simple ones ;-)   -- But let's hope so !!!

MJ

--- 帖子 #1403 ---
MJ,

I'am finding your trade studies very interesting, however I'am

confused on what indicators you are using and what the settings

are?

Are you using Spuds mtf ( 1hr, 30 min, 15 min, 5 min) stoch 14-1-1

or are you using the 6-1-1//24-1-1 rope settings?

Could you please explain your set-up and different settings?

I really appreciate your studies and all your back and forward testings.

Thanks

snarlyjack

--- 帖子 #1404 ---
hi snarlyjack,

to keep it simple:  if you read my postings you will see that I implemented a very freely configurable system based on the main MTF Ideas as presented so nicely by Spud. So at the moment I just play with different options and combinations - to check for stability of my program and to get some kind of feeling (statistic) if there is a real chance to be profitable using my automatic possibilities.

I will yet not get into exact setups (as I have different)

But one thing I'm checking is for instance:  I've got the feeling that 'late entries' be it because of over filtering or different stochastic settings - might not be the best in the long run ...

Anyway - I'm not the real expert in MTF as I got just involved a month ago.

But what I can say from all I read and saw and the little I tested so far:

For a fully automatic system of it - it will not be easy to be substantially profitable (I'm not looking for 10 % return a year - there are other ways to get such).

Having said that, I saw also a lot of good signs to improve on - which gives me enough hope to invest some more valuable time.

I know this is not exactely you where asking: read up some of my postings and you will get a feeling of where I'm.

MJ

--- 帖子 #1405 ---
TOGETHER WE ARE STRONG !

I was thinking about could we improve our grasp of Spud's MTF ideas.

I personally would profit and properly you too - if many of us,
who are seriously trying to get a hand on Spud's system could team up together in the beginning of the NEW YEAR.

Of course most appreciated would be if Spud himself would also join.

Basic idea: why not let all of us trade the best we can

Each one of us is different - comes with personal abilities - past experiences and so on to the market.

Instead of setting up 'fixed rules - or new ideas for all' - why not let all of us trade the best we can based more or less on Spud's ideas.

Some might be more into Escalator to Pips, others more into Elastic back snaps, others like more the 5, 3,3 settings than the 14,3,3.

Some might prefer filters to avoid early entries which might turn bad - others might prefer early entries.

Compare where we are: this would be in my point the beneficial part of teaming up together.

Well, I believe each one of us tries to trade as best as we can - but if we could compare our process (NOT in a competition style but in a educational style) I would find this benefits:

e.g* Miss XXXX might have a success rate of 95 % and her account might have grown 10 % because of sensitive chosen Unit sizes.

* My success rate could be in the same time 79 % and my account could be at 0.5 % profit in the same time.

If I could compare which trade I took and which Miss XXXX - wow I could see that somwhow not the MTF indicator idea is not ok - but that I do not have the right grasp on it yet.

If on the other hand all of us show negative signs maybe we did not get Spud's point at all - or we can conclude that something very important in his explanation is still missing. (of course it would be wonderful if Spud joins such an effort and we could also compare our trades to his).

How to do it:

What I would have in mind, that al of us who like the idea open up a

same size account same homecurrency account start trading at the same day to keep it more simple: use only the same Pair to trade and than each one provides a daily (or what we decide) feedback on:Trades (like a transaction log) Account Statement (like current Balance) maybe also 1 or 2 screenshots with the Trades for easier visualisation GMT Time offset - so that anyone can check for themself So when I see that sarah2002, CindyXXXX, Spudfyre, LuboLabo, Harry123, jdcompute or who ever might join does well - I can check back how many Units they took at what time - how was the Stochastic situation ect .

Until now we had a wonderful sharing from Spud - but I don't know who else is using the idea profitable and especially not to which extend (or have a transaction log I can see myself what was the situation that person took the trade ect...)

If anyone would be seriously interested - let me know.

Than we have to decide with Spud - if it would be better to do it in a separate thread or use this existing - like an added documentation.

MJ

PS: Properly in this way - we would be more successful than having fixed rules - as we would get a joined 'brain indicator' included all our weaknesses and strengthens.

Not many who share and discuss there system might do this - but properly it's worth the effort as Spud's communityhttp://www.forexfactory.com/images/icons/icon12.gif

in his words:
'Learning to write our own checks' - maybe some of us do that already but want to write bigger once'

--- 帖子 #1406 ---
Spud and MJ,

Here is Spud's system that I'am currently testing and it seems to be working

pretty good, but I'am still tweeking.

Manual trading:

1).  5m chart. (only 1 chart and time frame).

2).  Spuds stoch rope system (6-1-1---24-1-1).

3).  a crossover sma system on the price.

a).  2 sma, hloc/4.

b).  4 or 5 sma, hloc/4.

c).  30sma hloc/4 for the trend, don't trade against.

What I have found is, when the stoch's start to break down / up and

we get a crossover of the 2sma across the 5sma the move seem to

go in our direction...I'am using the turn of the stoch's as my exit.

It's more of a scalping system but it is very accurate.

Thanks everyone!

snarlyjack

--- 帖子 #1407 ---
excellent snarlyjack,

That's just what I thought. we are all coming with different background and liking to the trading platform and if we could join up together for some time everyone will profit.

(for instance I do not uses any SMA at this system - I started a trend system based on WMA before I got got involved on MTF Stochastic. (So I did not completely finish it but it looked in the first tests quite fine and properly I will come back to it someday to complete it)

Because: even though you share about being very accurate but how do you know if it could be not much better (except by 100 % accuracy and then it could be still more fruitful e.g: with longer TP settings)

by the way snarlyjack, (at this is nothing personal at all) but  'very accurate' what does that mean: if one tells some people one has a 90 % accurate entry signal it may sound for some impressive - fact is isolated from certain other issues it does not mean anything. to say it a bit extreme: one has a 100 % accurate signal: if one just enters one trade and luckily got it right. http://www.forexfactory.com/images/icons/icon5.gif  That's why so much rubbish is around. Anyone can present a system based on fitting charts and indicator setting from past selected data.

Of course people like Spud who share freely there trading thoughts do not HAVE to prove anything - but as much as I appropriate Spud's effort

and not being personal: I would like to see live trading over some time.

It is fine for presentation to use fitting charts and I can not comment Spud enough for what he did:

but without being rude I would say in the words of the movie 'Jerry Maguire': 'Show me the money 'http://www.forexfactory.com/images/icons/icon12.gif

Inserted Video

That is why I would invite you to join up sometime in beginning of New Year like I proposed - and maybe I learn something from you - or you learn something from me: We do not have to have the exact same settings and rules (as obviously we would get the same results) - but our own implementation and likings of a common base: Spuds MTF Stochastic.

MJ

because I want to know what thesystem is capable to produce or not produce: if you make 10 % and I in the same time 0.5 % I know it can be better: if you are satisfied with 10 % and see me doing 35 % in the same time - you know there is more to take.

I think even Spud will profit from such an effort together.

Imagen Spud makes 150 % a year and and one of us shows by using different pairs and slightly different settings the basic system is able to produce twice as much http://www.forexfactory.com/images/icons/dollar.gifhttp://www.forexfactory.com/images/icons/pound.gifhttp://www.forexfactory.com/images/icons/euro.gif

--- 帖子 #1408 ---
Happy Holiday Season to all of you, especially our master Spud.

I have been following this thread for some time and I have a question that I wish to find an answer to it. Why proposing a new strategy if the earlier ones, especially the Escalator to Pips, are effective?

It is intriguing to check out other techniques but I trust that trying and jumping from one strategy to another is kind of wasting time -- no offence.

I am fond of Spud's methdologies and ideas and for that reason I rushed to to the PDF file attached to one of the posts under this thread and I found that document utterly confusing and not easy to read at all! (I think titled "combination..." or something like that). I am not sure if it was written by Spud to begin with.

So I wish to learn from you: why new strategy if the Escalator to Pips is effective?

Thanks for the great effort and unlimited sharing.

--- 帖子 #1409 ---
hi Walad100100,

If you read this thread you will know that actually Spud himself - went on (base in the observation from Escalator to PIPS to the Rope  and later further to the discussion of the combination and mechanical rules.)

So only he will be able to say WHY:

But I have a personal interest question to you: You say about the effectiveness of  Escalator to Pips.

Can you share more about your results - how many trades, what success rate - about the average PIPs TP ect.....

Thanks MJ

--- 帖子 #1410 ---
Hi snarlyjack

Please could you post a screen shot showing your entries and exits.

many thanks

terry

--- 帖子 #1411 ---
Same settings as at the others: adding the new sessions

Trading Sessions:
20081219 – 08:33:00 20081219 – 13:15:00

20081219 – 13:48:00 20081219 – 19:00:00

20081222 – 01:00:00 20081222 – 06:00:00

20081222 – 07:53:00 20081222 – 17:00:00
20081223 – 08:30:00 20081223 – 18:00:00

Total 36 bots over 4 pairs (EURUSD, USDCHF, AUDJPY, EURCAD):* TP: 341 / SL: 40

Percentage:* TP: 89.5 %  / SL: 10.5 %

Overall WORST system: based on the mechanical rules:

M5 Entries:

5 PIP TP or close by present and next higher TF-group Risk

assessment 60% or more (SL 100 PIPS)* TP: 56 / SL: 19    ||    TP: 74.67 %  / SL: 25.33 %

Overall BEST system: base on 16 Essential Risk assessments:

M5 Entries:

5 PIP TP (SL 100 PIPS)* TP: 24 / SL: 1    ||    TP: 96 %  / SL: 4 %

Overall WORST Pair: EURUSD* TP: 117 / SL: 18    ||    TP: 86.67 %  / SL: 13.33 %

Overall BEST Pair: AUDJPY* TP: 64 / SL: 2    ||    TP: 96.97 %  / SL: 3.03 %

Note: *Mechanical System: Still the worst system

*EUR/USD still the worst Pair

*The overall best system is a new one: a different 5 min entry.

*AUD/JPY still the best Pair

* from all 9 different system there is for the FIRST TIME One system which would have managed (over all 4 pairs) till now the required 96 % TP

* From all 4 Pairs (average of 9 systems per pair) only Aud/JPY would have managed the needed  more 96 % TP to be profitable
base on this 3 short days: average trade for each bot (using for pairs) was about 10 a day.

Based on this data: the overall performance has improved but would be still a disaster.  (this set-up needs about 96 % success) WHERE as I've got  89.5 %

MJ

THIS WILL BE MY LAST SUCH Statistic posting -- as I hope that we can set up a joined one together as proposed in:

and for entertainment and education the green is TP the red is SL: an unlucky trade or maybe it turns still luckyhttp://www.forexfactory.com/images/icons/icon13.gifhttp://www.forexfactory.com/images/icons/icon14.gif

--- 帖子 #1412 ---
It's over and it turned to be an unlucky trade. 100 PIPs STOP LOSS HIT

Anyway I wish all of you:

BLESSED X-MAS and a WONDERFUL NEW YEAR.

much success in your trading effort  - maybe we really could join up in improving ;-)      TOGETHER WE ARE STRONG !

MJ

--- 帖子 #1413 ---
Terryed,

You know,  I have yet to do a screen shot on forex factory using

my new platform Interbank FX.

If you can explain exactly how to do it I'll give it a shot.

thanks

snarlyjack

**** Or you can post up 3 different sma crossovers.

Try:

1).  5 sma, green

2).   15 sma, yellow

3).   30 sma, red

4).  Along with Spuds stoch's...

The crossover is called the stoplight system.  If it crosses green = go.

If the price bar crosses yellow = use caution.  If the price bar crosses

the red = stop.  Screen it up and watch it and play with it and let

us know what you think.

--- 帖子 #1414 ---
Here is an explanation on how to create screen shots on you pc.
http://www.iopus.com/guides/screenshot.htm

oo7_ts

--- 帖子 #1415 ---
Yes MJ, I wish to get an answer for my inquiry from Spud. I felt that the first post in this thread was trying to address it but for some reason I coulnd't get the idea and the motivation for a new strategy and rules.

Speaking of my performance with the Escalator to Pips, I would say that it failure rate is 5%, and I am still suffering from the way of handling the SL -- in fact, I don't decide it at all, which can hurt immenesely and wipe out the 95% success rate very easily. The average profit per trade is 7-10% with leverage of 1:100.

Pls. feel free to ask as I'd love to share.

--- 帖子 #1416 ---
Where is everyone? No more postings?? Seems like it's dead.

--- 帖子 #1417 ---
Everyone just on holidays JD - Personally im not starting trading again till the 5th of Jan

--- 帖子 #1418 ---
I see. Hope everyone has a happy new year's!

--- 帖子 #1419 ---
Attatched is screen shot and my interpretation of a multi stoch indi to match Spud's rules of closed bar values. It has user controls for 5 different stochs, can be different time frames and or different stoch settings. Defaults are:

all use simple and Low/High but user can also change those

stoch M5 14,1,1 yellow

stoch M15 14,3,3 white

stoch M30 14,3,3 aqua

stoch H1 14,3,3 royal blue

stoch H4 14,3,3, red

These will appear as stair steps, each stoch line carries the same value until the newest bar is closed in that stoch's time frame. The exception to that is if the chart time frame matches the stoch time frame then that line will wag with real time price changes. Note that lines for stoch time frames smaller than the chart time frame will not appear, that is you will not see a stoch M5 on charts longer than M5.  This is easy to load since one indicator file makes all 5 lines at one time.

Feedback is welcome.

Attached File(s)   DME_HM_5Stoch1Line.mq4

6 KB
|
744 downloads

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1420 ---
Interesting - One thing though - i don't get it!

--- 帖子 #1421 ---
its cool, especially that its one indicator.  I guess the same info could be in the window using multiple MTF stoch v2.0 indicators.  Just leave the color of the open bar to "none" and you will probably have similar data shown. I set the open bar to dotted line to try and predict the next closing level.  Its still neat.

CindyXXXX, I'm doing the TKpower8 ATM we chatted about,but only entering on the first signal when the M15 stoch goes from overmarket to <80 or >20 and it seems very good.

FW

--- 帖子 #1422 ---
Sorry it doesn't just jump out at you!

I wish you were a bit more descript about what you don't get.

Spud's rules are to look at stoch values from the last closed price bar of the chart time frame the stoch is for.  That is why he has individual time charts for each of the stochs he wants to follow.

I have seen two different indicators to show multiple TF stochs on one indicator window.  Both had some draw backs for how I want to use them.  For instance the indi "All Stochastics"  will paint the stoch lines bar showing the curves as they would with stochs on their individual price charts however the data points do not line up with the price bars above them except for the most recent.  If I want to study past possible trades I can't because the stoch position in history does not align with price.

The other nifty indicator is "#MTF Multi Stochastic".  This one will have the current stoch points wag with real time price move making it difficult to judge where the closing stoch values were, have to drag cursor carefully to correct price for each different stoch to see the value so very time consuming if wanting to study historical trades.  Because the current plot wagging it is less than ideal to judge current entries also.  This one also interpolates where stoch might have been between price points so we have a smoothed line between the closed bars.  I assume it is obvious, the stoch plot of close prices for M15 stoch when plotted on M5 price chart has only one stoch value for every 3 price bars.

My version will show the closed stoch value, the value Spud uses for entry determinations, until a new closed value arrives based on the time frame of each stoch.  So on a M5 chart there will be one M5 stoch data piont for each price bar, 3 M15 stoch data points for each M5 price bar, 6 M30 stoch data points for each M5 price bar, 12 H1 stoch data points for each M5 price bar and 48 H4 stoch data points for each M5 price bar.

The current plot of all higher time frame stochs will not wag, it will show the last closed stoch plot.  The exception is the stoch time frame matching the current price chart will wag with real time data movement.

I hope that helps. If not then put my indi on a M5 chart next to price charts for M15, H1, H4 with their stochs and compare a few data points between my indi and those higher time frame charts.

--- 帖子 #1423 ---
Cool FXW like they say - take what works for you and throw the rest away -

Good Trading

--- 帖子 #1424 ---
Ahh brilliant ok - very nice  - I guess I should in future at least donwload the indicator first before asking silly questions thanks a lot

--- 帖子 #1425 ---
Hi all,

The NEW Year is here and I  would like to know if anyone of you would be interested in improving our trades base on Spud's Multi TimeFrame Stochastic ideas.

See my initial post

I think we would need at least 3-5 people who are committed at least for about a month - most helpful would be when Spud himself would also join.

Anyway, let me know (in the next few days) if you would like to join such effort. And then we could discuss how to to it most practicable.

regards MJ

--- 帖子 #1426 ---
well just wanted to show a precise small retreat catch (BUY)  in a overall 200+ downward move.

Based on Spud's MTF Stochastic.

--- 帖子 #1427 ---
Hello M_j,

Yes, I'd be up for that.

--- 帖子 #1428 ---
Excellent Merlyn - I think we wait a couple of days (properly some might get back from x-mas, New Years break coming Monday.)

The main thing is - I personally want to know if Spud's ideas are as a 'SYSTEM' profitable and approximately in which %.

in my opinion many people jump to fast from one system to the next without proper checking what a trading idea could produce.

So as for me I still like what Spud shared and see potential in it.

I'm more than happy to have you join in a common effort to discover more and learn from each other.

looking forward MJ

--- 帖子 #1429 ---
That's a very nice indicator..in fact it is nice to see the thought gone into this.  I'm going to take a good look at this, but my quick glance and your explanation seems to be right on.

--- 帖子 #1430 ---
Not sure I could commit to such a project as I have several on the go.  However, I wouldn't mind following along and taking a look at what you are developing..and thro wany comments in I do have.

--- 帖子 #1431 ---
Thanks for your feedback Spud (so I do not count with you).

Anyway - I'm still not sure if it works out as a pure 'system'.

On a positive note: * The automatic systems overall stability has improved a lot - so as much that I could use it in live trading.

* After my last technical report I actually went one step further and implemented 6 Time Frame Level.

* Did a lot of reorganising of the code.

* all together I can configure 103 related checks for LONG and 103 for SHORT entries.
So far I'm satisfied with the Bot.

On the testing side: I changed my approach for the time being: I use only one currency (EUR/USD - if it proves ok will experience later on with others)

My first test phase (with low time frames) I expect to finish in 2-4 weeks).

Still hope that some others will join myself and Merlyn in an common effort: --> see

I decided to do it in a separate Journal thread: you can find it under: http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=144270  START Monday 19th January.

MJ

--- 帖子 #1432 ---
=======================

Hi

Is this reflecting your idea

The individual indic matches to a certain tolerance the global set of indicators shown in one chart--except the white ones --

---------------------

The main question remains:

What would be the steps to use in order to open a trade??

Is this set of indic enough to rely on it to open a trade?

-------------------------------

Rgds

--- 帖子 #1433 ---
chehab,

The white line of your single stoch plot on chart time M15 has an opening bar time of 23:15 (Eastern+7, same as my broker).  I believe the current M5 bar on your chart has start time 23:25.  That would be in the middle time range of the M15 chart bar that started at 23:15.

That bar will stay open for 15 minutes and in that time that stochastic can wag up and down with price.

My indicator will only plot values of the higher time frame stochastics based on closed bars for each of their time frames.  So in this case any time from 23:15 up til the end of 23:29 the white line of my indicator will show you the stoch value from the M15 chart for bar labeled with start time 23:00 because that bar is the last closed bar on the M15 chart.  It closed a second before 23:15.   This would also be true for the M30 stoch, H1 stoch and H4 stoch but each has it's own bar close time, sometimes they line up to be the same time.  For instance every time the H4 bar closes all the charts below that time frame will also close.  But every time a lower time frame bar closes it does not necessarily mean the higher time frames bars are also closing.

Make your M15 chart candles as wide as possible and place the cursor on the M15 stoch line exactly at the 23:00 bar and read the stoch value in a little data box that appears or open the View>Data Window and view the value there when your sursor is on the 23:00 bar.

--- 帖子 #1434 ---
would absolutely be interested as I need to learn more, no doubt

--- 帖子 #1435 ---
hi macK,

nice too hear you want to join our trading learning effort based on Spud's MTF Stochastic.

We will be starting on Monday 19th Januarry. There are a couple of requirements listed on : http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=144270

Basically at least some understanding of Spud's teaching as each once trading MUST be based on it (but free to tweak add other filters or what so ever seems useful)

Some other requirements:

Each one who participates:
* as a start will need to be committed for about 2-4 weeks

* opens a 100000 (EURO Home currency) demo account with any preferred broker

( I will be using Oanda)

* trading will be started on Monday 19th January

* each one is required to trade his/her system based on Spud's MTF Stochastic. (Escalator to PIPs, Rope, Mechanical Rules ..... and so on ..)

personal adjustments and tweaks are encouraged as we want to find out if and to what extend the system is successful.

* to make comparisons and such easier only one currency pair EUR/USD is allowed.

* in an appropriate time (maybe daily or so) each one is supposed to post the transaction log (maybe as screen shot) or attachment, as well as Account Balance ect..

* for the time being there is no need to explain each trade or the exact setups as it should be only a way to show transparently what people can produce by trading Spud's MTF Stochastics.

Be aware that this is some work for each one of us - so we want to take it seriously ;-)

MJ

--- 帖子 #1436 ---
Hi All,

Try to compare attached Stochastic_Standard_4TF_cja.mq4 and DME_HM_5Stoch1Line.mq4, for example in TF 5M, you can see the M15 Stoch of  DME_HM_5Stoch1Line.mq4 is not tally with TF 15m with 15m stoch only. 4TF_cja is more accurate. Check and see.

template is included, all stoch set to 14,3,3; H/L; close

red=m5

yellow=m15

blue=m30

green=h1

As such, combine 4TF_cja with DME's features (5 Stochs) would be nicer.

--- 帖子 #1437 ---
just some thoughts.

playing around with different filters it basically boils down to this:

As I mentioned in some posts much earlier my feeling about too much filtering seems to get more and more confirmed.

I know we all strive to get close to 100% success rate.

But in fact that might not be the most profitable thing to do.

1. imaging we could filter all bad trades so that only good once are entered

POSITIVE would be: we could place all our money on such a trade

NEGATIVE: there would be properly not many trades and our TP would be just a few PIPs (but ith a great value)

(I doubt that we can do that 100% and get still a meaningful number of trades).

2. as we properly do not get a guaranteed 100% success rate we might go for a very close to 100% (say 95-98%) one.

Actually I think this is with filtering possible: but the problem is that we might filter out so many trades that we are still left with just a couple and as we are having not a 100% success rate - one loser might wipe out much of our profit.

3. we might not filter out so many trades - which leaves us with much more looser but also more winners (hopefully).

I have seen all of such 3 option (well just for a short time for 100% ;-)

The real art is to find the best overall ration.

If one does not filter - even if the overall ration might be successful - the problem will remain that we get many winners but also many looser - which makes it difficult to commit a good amount of money per trade as one must expect a couple of looser in a row.

Trying too much filtering is still enticing (graving for risk free trading): The problem is: is there ever a chance of being 100% sure (which to my understanding is not)

So the real aim - I would suggest is to follow what produces the most profit over a good amount of time. (taking into account a reasonable risk)

MJ

--- 帖子 #1438 ---
cubicrey,

I see two problems.

1) The M5 stoch on your template is set to 14,3,3 whereas Spud's rules and my stoch show 14,1,1 just for the M5 stoch.

2) The big problem however is the method of offsetting the higher time frame plots on the faster chart, in this case the M5 chart.

If you would read my two postings explaining my method and then compare your stoch displays to separate higher time frame charts you would also see the problem.

Each candle or price bar represents a period of time for instance a candle on M15 chart lasts for 15 minutes of time and the label associated with that price bar is the starting time for that bar, not the ending time.  The close price of a CLOSED candle is the price at the end of the time period associated with that candles label.  For instance am M15 bar labeled 21:15 has data starting at 21:15 and ending at 21:29:60.   One second more and a new price bar starts.

Historical indicator plots are showing values based on closed bars.

On an M15 chart a normal, regular, non time shifted stochastic will show a stoch value based on data through the CLOSE of M15 21:29:00 not the start of 21:15.

The stochastic value of M15 bar labeled 21:15 is not available until 21:29:00.

My plots will show the value seen on chart M15 at label 21:15 and plot it on M5 chart starting at 21:30 for 3 bars since 21:30 is when the M15 chart started a new bar, the prior bar was closed and the complete data was available.

Your version is plotting the value from a closed higher time frame bar at a time in that bar's past on the lower time frame chart which is invalid and can lead to false conclusions if backtesting with those lines.

For instance EURUSD Jan 13, 2009 10:30 GMT+2 (my broker chart time) M15 chart at Spud's settings is 52.3962.

On my chart you see that same value plotted on M5 chart at times 10:45, 10:50, 10:55.  On an M5 chart the close of bar labeoled 10:55 will also signify the start of the next M15 bar.

On your chart this same stoch value 52.3962 is plotted at M5 chart times 10:30, 10:35, 10:40.  This is wrong because that value did not exist until 10:45.

I hope this does the trick for you.

--- 帖子 #1439 ---
This is the key.

Thanks for your time and clarification.

Reyna.

--- 帖子 #1440 ---
hi mooselover,

I played a bit with your indi - seems quite nice.

One thing I wanted to give as feedback: e.g if I have open the 5 min chart with default setting all the higher Time Frame Stochs are painted as steps  - which I think is a very nice idea.

But I would find it even better if the steps would be only horizontal and vertical lines

you use always one Candle between to move to the next level

Not sure if I explained that well.

I show below a pick.

--- 帖子 #1441 ---
If you put your cursor line on each bar and then look at the stoch value it is correct for each bar.  The sloped line is connecting those valid price points.  The plot is accurate.  In order to put a vertical line in place would mean that whenever there is a stoch value change there would have to be two stoch values ploted on one time bar which does not really make sense.  For instance to have a vertical line from say stoch 45% to 48% you would have to have both of those values on the same bar.

This indicator is using the time series plotting ability of MT4.  It is the way all time series is ploted using an array, one value per time bar.  To do what you ask would require an entirely different method to paint the info, manually using objects and I believe very messy, lots of work and for value I don't see.

--- 帖子 #1442 ---
Thanks -- I do not know anything about MT4 - just installed it to be able to follow a bit better manually what Spud explained.

The other thing I noticed is If I switch to time frame 1 hour the 4 hour display is way back I mean it ends now at the 2. january 7:00

also on the lower time frames

--- 帖子 #1443 ---
Thanks -- I do not know anything about MT4 - just installed it to be able to follow a bit better manually what Spud explained.

The other thing I noticed is If I switch to time frame 1 hour the 4 hour display is way back I mean it ends now at the 2. january 7:00Thanks -- I do not know anything about MT4 - just installed it to be able to follow a bit better manually what Spud explained.

The other thing I noticed is If I switch to time frame 1 hour the 4 hour display is way back I mean it ends now at the 2. january 7:00

m_j

Could you explain a little better what your point or question is?  Is this a comment or a question?  What indicator are you referring too and what pair? etc etc etc.

--- 帖子 #1444 ---
Sure: it's just a feedback!   I refer to your indi:

I took a other pic with default settings:

look at the red stoch??

Not sure way - just open a new EUR/USD Chart and loaded the indi.

Funny - on your post it is ok -- using Windows XP (Virtual Image on linux)

with META Trade demo.

Tried it now also on FXPro demo -- where it is OK.

--- 帖子 #1445 ---
M_j

I dont have an explanation for your H4 stoch line ending way back in time.

If it was me I would change time frames and come back to that one.  Also I would try another pair on that chart and also make a new chart of same pair. After doing any or all that you might find it is ok.

I have noticed when I launch my platform with pre loaded charts saved from the last session that some stoch lines are broken up a bit, not all lines and not every pair and not every launch.  I change time frame and come back to the time frame I want and it self fixes.

--- 帖子 #1446 ---
Thanks for the tip. actually it worked as you said.  quite annoying feature ;-)

hi do you feel up to join us on Monday with our joined journal or would prefer not to?

--- 帖子 #1447 ---
hi do you feel up to join us on Monday with our joined journal or would prefer not to?

I will monitor but really cant commit to consistant trading with something mostly related to spuds.  Too many irons in the fire right now with different systems I am watching and some EAs to finish code to help my testing of various things.  Also I am trading live so tough to do all of that and to also trade a demo with consistantly only one method...

I would think it reasonable to do some paper back testing in off hours, anyone can do so.  It would more consistantly catch all possible/desired trades over whatever time period chosen.   Just my preference.  But go for what you are doing and hope to see some good results.

I also stuck my nose into the TK method and it has some appeal also.  Need to finish documenting the rules into concise document then manually backtest it a few days for better eval.  I think that system could be an EA more simply than other methods and I also wonder if some of Spud's methods could help with filtering.

--- 帖子 #1448 ---
I like that - better not committing oneself to all and do in the end nothing - fully understandable.

By the way - I did not get around to look deeply into TK's method as I focus on Spud for the time being.

But I would appreciate to hear about your findings.

All the best MJ

--- 帖子 #1449 ---
I'd really like to know if Spud will return and continue this thread? Does anyone have any news from him?

SPUD: Are you coming back?

--- 帖子 #1450 ---
Last thing I heard was

I guess that most of what Spud wanted to say in this thread he did in the intens last few month of 2008. Properly is up to us now to implement it.

But from his comment I assume that he will lurck at the forum from time to time.

Also where is CindyXXXX and Sarah2000?

--- 帖子 #1451 ---
I just dropped by to say thanks to Spud and to Merlyn for their assistance.  I have been trading the Thread in GBUSD since the beginning of January, and with an addition of the ADX have been quite successful.  I have traded the stoch for over a year, never quite understanding it until these two gentlemen showed me the complete story of the stoch.

again, thanks for the time you all spent.

macK

--- 帖子 #1452 ---
I guess not

--- 帖子 #1453 ---
HI Mj - still about sort of although I'm disliking Forex factory more and more by the day - I wasted a lot of time on here in the past and so lately have been enjoying focusing mainly on my trading...

I only really come on here to check the calender these days

Hope your EA is going well...

Havent heard any updates lately?

--- 帖子 #1454 ---
> I'm disliking Forex factory more and more by the day - I wasted a lot of time on here in the past

Sorry hearing that. Until now I find Forex Factory one of the better forums - I like that there is some supervision - so compared to other forums there is not so much scam around.

Well forums can take a lot of precious time - but to be fair one can also learn quite a bit. (for instance Spud's sharing was really good - just not sure if it works out in praxis)

I just joined because I was interested in Relative Strength Basket Trading System but enjoyed so much Spud's presentation that I never moved on to it.

> Hope your EA is going well... Havent heard any updates lately?

Yes, finished it more or less and I'm now in the testing phase:

you can find some updates here: http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=144270

Actually a shame that most of the people moved on - I sent you too a PM to join but did not hear back.

Anyway, my opinion is that many traders are jumping from one system to another.

Like I said: I think there could be a real profit in Spud's methods - so I still hang in there for a while.

--- 帖子 #1455 ---
After studying what Spudfrye has generously prepared for us to learn I decided I should help out and keep this thread alive one more post anyway...hoping Spudfrye would come back and keep helping us.

Here's the pfd of the Dynamik.

Steve

--- 帖子 #1456 ---
Stevewide,

Many thanks for putting the PDF together, many regards.

--- 帖子 #1457 ---
hi,

still struggling to improve my probability calculation.

Anyone using MTF Stochs found some useful hints to predict how many pips a move might take.

I'm not sure where - but if I recall correctly Spud said somewhere that he just predicts the high probability of a move but has no real clue how far it will go.

--- 帖子 #1458 ---
====================

Hi

the file could be damaged as we tried to download it but in vain.

Could u re-attach a good file  of it?

thanks

--- 帖子 #1459 ---
hi  chehab,

I don't have any problems with the file . I downloaded it and re attach it for you.

--- 帖子 #1460 ---
spud's methods are working for me on 5m chart; I prefer 1m trading but can't make it work for now. Therefore I'm trying my patience on 5m trading during active times. Sure would be great for spud to post an update and any recent great trades. He details his thoughts so thoroughly.

Steve

--- 帖子 #1461 ---
Good hearing that stevewide.

Would you mind sharing a bit more: for how long do you trade Spud's approach on the 5 min.

What part of the MTF stochs approach do you use?

--- 帖子 #1462 ---
here's my desktop; I am returning to spud after a year or so as I understand stochs and like macd indicators but trading for several years, unsuccessfully seeking to find my way.

Spud has made tremendous advancements to his stoch trades. Its too early to say I'll stick with it but its the best demo results I've ever had.

This morning's NFP appeared to be a good excalator to pips for gbp/jpy as the 15/30/60m climbed to the 80 level. I seem to understand the MTF stochs from past spud study the best.

I seem to have trouble closing early when stochs hit extremes. I'd like help determining how far price can go. Yesterday, I made 100 Gj pips, am proud, while leaving another 200 behind by closing early. No complaints but the potential is great if I understood more.

I like the dynamik; I combined the price and filter template into one and like it better.

I've never done well with the rope. Spud depends on it so I keep watching it. will study the pfd more.

Enough said to introduce my quest into spud's stochs. How do you use them best?

Steve

--- 帖子 #1463 ---
For my current process have a look at the Journal related to: Spud's MTF Stochastics http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=144270

It was supposed to be a joined learning, but there where in the end not enough interested committed once.

From the people around it seems that Merlyn had quite some success over a longer time period.

I personally see still a lot of potentials - but my tests are not extensive enough.

stevewide: did I understand you correctly that your current demo test are just a couple of weeks.

--- 帖子 #1464 ---
MJ: yes; just a week and my results are improving; but I'm just learning making correct trades along with mistakes and observing what works.

What I can't understand is why people have to change this? Who thinks they have worked harder than Spud? My perspective says to invest my time making something that Spud clearly shows works my own. If I can do that, months of profits from now I could try to tweak it if my success is growing.

And if I can't make this work, I'll continue to drift thru the internet burning limited time searching for something that fits my style.

I admire your sticking to spuds MTF's. If I can keep steady at it and not drift off as I and almost everyone does, I might post my trades which have mainly been winners. There's so many trading ideas Spud presents to pick from.

Steve

--- 帖子 #1465 ---
Hello everyone,

Been following this thread with great interest.

Just wondering if anyone has the MQ4 file for Spud's version of cja's MTF Stoch Bar Indicator handy.

Would like to amend the source code slightly to display 50, 70, 30, 90, 10 on the Stochs. Find these levels to be very useful too.

Thanks =)

--- 帖子 #1466 ---
As for me, I do the same.

* But I in my short experience:

- the last week was all together a bad week for my.

- the week before a very good one.

(considering all my 30+ test accounts not only the one I post the the journal)

So one week does not say too much. - except that it could or could not work.

Here I have a small problem. But I don't think Spud showed clearly that it works as it is not as simple.

He showed good examples and was able to communicate the idea behind his thinking in a excellent way.

I personally still think that it could work out profitable as I see a lot of good signs too.

But all together this is not enough for me: Until now I did no see any real trading transactions over a certain period of time with a worthwhile profit.

(not saying anyone has to prove anything) But to go live with it ??

Well it seems that at the moment I might be the most active one on the forum playing with SPud's MTF Stochastics. But there are a number of people who in-cooperated Spud's ideas into there personal trading who do not post much.

The reason I still stick to Spud's MTF is:

1. I really like Spud's presentations

2. I see a number of good signs which could work out

3. I think people jump to fast from one method to another and in the end have often nothing.

If a method or system shows a real potential I want to work quite hard to see what I can make out of it and if it is worthwhile to accept it in my real trading.

4. by now I invested a lot of time into this - I have the basic automatized program so I just need to reconfigure to test most things. So that makes it much nicer - but I still need a couple of hours each day to check all through.

Basically I'm in the process of eliminating more of the stuff which did not work so well and improving on the effectiveness.

Actually I made a big step in the right direction: But still waiting to see if the overall end result is worthwhile.

Well, I also try only one particular approach (in different variations) and use only EUR/USD at the moment.

Anyway all the best to you stevewide.

--- 帖子 #1467 ---
I studied and demoed and even live0traded Spud;s "Elevator" a year or so ago, and was able to basically trade without reference to the price.  I had times of incredible good performance, but there were those times I failed badly...

So I have just found this thread and am going through it from beginning (up to page 9).

If there is anything to a "predictive" possibility with Spud's insights (and I believe there is), I want to get it down really well.

Come on back folks, and let's squeeze the juice out of Spud's fruit he has shared.

Ron

--- 帖子 #1468 ---
Hello Ron,

I demo traded this method for awhile. Had some good days and bad days.It appears the author has jumped ship and if the method has good days and bad days then the people following it will jump ship as well.

Regards,

Jeff

--- 帖子 #1469 ---
i didn't looked iside this fiber for a while

sory my inglish

hau it can be ship jump

you mean "to jump in the ship" or "from the ship" or "ship jumped"

hm...more proper will be to say "he jumped ON the ship"

--- 帖子 #1470 ---
englesh,inglish... dem...aha:

jump ship

to leave a job or activity suddenly. Although most of our employees are satisfied with their jobs, half of them would probably jump ship if something becames available elsewhere. The original star of the TV series jumped ship after the first season.

Usage notes: often said about someone who goes to work for another company

(idiom) To depart a project without warning.

Etymology: based on the literal meaning of jump ship (= to leave a ship without permission while it is temporarily in a port in the middle of a trip)

See also: jump, ship
Cambridge Dictionary of American Idioms  Cambridge University Press 2003

--- 帖子 #1471 ---
that all Spud - he comes suddenly with new idea, working it out - lets it go - to live on it's own and then appears with new idea (he has a lot) ...that's Spud 4 ya

all those with bright ideas - they may be geniuses, but it comes with the price - they all crazy maniacs - nothing you can do about it, they are what they are :  ))))

--- 帖子 #1472 ---
I just wanna say that everyone here is after pips nothing more nothing less.

Thats what we're here for right?

Then why will someone waste their precious time  on something that simply isnt working for them... I'm refering here to MJ's comments on people "system hopping"

I spent a good 3 months in this thread everyday trying to mkae this work and in the end I just couldn't "get it" so I moved on, as I'm sure is the case with many of our old friends Sarah2000, FX weasal, JD computer, Ayaz to name a few

Sometimes system hopping is simply whats needed until u find the right trading methodology that fits your personality.

If you marry the first girl you ever slept with and stayed with her for 20 years how do you know how good she is in bed?

How could you possibly know when you've had no one else to compare it with = )

With that said I was really attracted to this thread by Spuds claims about how easy and consistantly profitible MTF Stochs can be as I'm sure many were.

The only problem for me was after 3 months it was neither Easy or profitable FOR ME.

Maybe it is for Spud because he "gets it" and has put the neccesary time in to understand it.

MTF stochs is not the only way to trade consistantly and profitably - there are many ways to skin a cat as they say.

In the end I for one chose Price action and simple trend trading over lagging MTF stochs simply because its what I understand and is simpler for me to understand.

The only thing that annoyed me about this thread is the number of different methods that were introduced with maybe a couple of examples at the most of each.

To teach requires repetition THE SAME THING over and over and over again until the students more than "get it".

Instead of 5 different things a couple of times.

I thank Spud for what he did teach me and the time and effort he put into this thread is muchly appreciated

and I will be dropping in every now and then to see how you guys are getting on with this I wish you the bes of luck.

I think whats needed is simply a consistant approach - Sometimes this thread reminds me a lot of a dog chasing its tail.

Personally I like Spuds old stuff better than his new stuff. And  also in regards to this thread the simple material introduced at the start of this thread was much better (for me) than the various variations! towards the end.

Just my 200 cents

--- 帖子 #1473 ---
Thanks CindyXXXX for your post.

This is quite helpful hearing from you in a plain writing.

I absolutely agree with you that after a certain amount of effort (how much depends on each person's conviction of a possibility to succeed) one has to come to some conclusions. Which indeed my be forgetting the particular 'system'. I do that and eventually will do it with Spud's MTF stochs if I personally find it not any more worthwhile the effort.

What I find most helpful is you sharing about the effort you put in and accepting after 3 month that it was not worthwhile.

That is exactly what I still try to find out: as most 'systems' which are shared are not provable documented (transaction logs etc.) and we all know that most 'systems' will look easy with the right charts and explanation.

about your analogy with marriage I would differ but that's  a other story

> The only thing that annoyed me about this thread is the number of different methods that were introduced with maybe a couple of examples at the most of each.

I personally liked it and agree with Spud that different people might understand different approaches best. But the end result must be OK and this is what's finally counting.

> The only problem for me was after 3 months it was neither Easy or profitable FOR ME.

Fair point and until now I have not much different results -- but still enough good signs that the effort is worthwhile for the time being

--- 帖子 #1474 ---
off-course, specific methods - very personal, and even i didn't trade this strategy, i discovered many things which i newer would without it.

plus - it's not just we are- very many people around the world working in similar direction and going through Spud's huge legacy - well, and legacy of this forum (without him - it wouldn't be the same).

--- 帖子 #1475 ---
well said everyone. I agree also.

Only thing is I seem to be picking good trades with spuds dynamik and PMTFS. I studied deeper this weekend and will study more this week.

Spud's methods appear to me to work but there's so much to miss if not alert.

Presently, I'm -45 in the Gj after having a easy 30 pip profit. 30 pips is not alot for the Gj beast so I didn't close. When it went 60 pips against me I dug deeper to find my mistake is I missed the uptrendline I had drawn on the rope setup from this weekend clearly showing my trade short was a mere brief retrace.

So instead of trading now. I'm gambling to get out at breakeven or take a loss from my mistake.

This seems to be a big problem for me. Starting the day half cocked, not fully aware of what's clear to see.

Otherwise, I see spud's method working for me so far.  I will keep pressing on...

Steve

--- 帖子 #1476 ---
Steve,

Thanks for the PDF, would you mind posting the templates and indicator? Thanks, Mike

--- 帖子 #1477 ---
Hi, I Have been using the "#MTF Multi Stochastic" indicator for over a year now ans what I do is go to properties /colours and change the settings so that 1 and 2 are the same colour and on colour 2, set the style to dotted.

What this does is show the wagging portion of the stoch line as a dotted line so its easy to see which part of the relevant stochastic has closed and which hasn't.

On a  different note, I think that regardless of what strategy you follow that works for you, there is probably room for MTF stochastics. I can say that when i trade against MTF stochastics (inadvertantly), the trade will fail or stall or both almost universally.

I think Spud has proven to be one of the more genuine and usefull contributors on FF and guess what? He is one of the few if not the only one that hasn't tried to make money out of his work innovations. For that I thank him!

--- 帖子 #1478 ---
[quote=PippinL;2556494]Hi, I Have been using the "#MTF Multi Stochastic" indicator for over a year now ans what I do is go to properties /colours and change the settings so that 1 and 2 are the same colour and on colour 2, set the style to dotted.

What this does is show the wagging portion of the stoch line as a dotted line so its easy to see which part of the relevant stochastic has closed and which hasn't.

Hi i found this thread only 2 days ago and i think is interesting but i think is necesssary to study much because i can see 2 groups of people around this system the first is happy like you whit 1 year and the second after 3 month's is not profitable. Can you show a pic whit your setting maybe you can provide template.?

Thank you for your time..

--- 帖子 #1479 ---
[quote=chrys;2565929]
I'm using the MTF/PMTF technique on a real account, trading mini lots. I'm up to now convinced of the quality of this strategy. I added the main moving averages on the H1 and H4 charts in order to identify the dynamic market boundaries. It helps me identify the best entries and combined with a bit market rythm feeling (cfr Philipp Nell's MACD strategy), you can have the probabilities on your side.

I'll post more feedback as far as I can more results.

--- 帖子 #1480 ---
hi regis2000,

* I'm interested for how long you are already trading based on Spud's MTF?

* Could you share some statistics over this time period?

Thanks so much

--- 帖子 #1481 ---
It's about 1 month now, nothing relevant for the moment. 3% up this month. As soon as I can give you more figures and feedback, i'll post it here.

--- 帖子 #1482 ---
I read the first 10 pages or so of this thread more then 2 weeks ago. Starting Monday I will be laid off from my job and at the risk of jinxing myself, I will be trading this method real time with real money starting Monday N.Y. Session.

I am not sure that I trade it exactly as stated in the original posts, but I am defintely not trading with the indicators used in the last half or 2 thirds of this thread.

My risk:reward is not what I would like it to be 2:1, but so far trading this system sporadically, I have never lost a trade. My discipline because I will start with a small amount of money that I can lose is to risk a larger % at the start but once I reach my profit target, i will have made my % for the day and I will not trade anymore.

I will be around to post my trades as they happen and give a screen shot of why I made the trade (I hope). So....have a nice weekend.....Damon

--- 帖子 #1483 ---
Thanks regis2000,

I think 3 % is ok if the DD was not too bad

Anyway - would be nice if you also start your own Journal. Properly you have seen mine (http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=144270)

--- 帖子 #1484 ---
[quote=chrys;2565929]
Here is the chart pic of the MTF ind as describrd above. the dotted lines show the unclosed portion of the  relevant stochastic.  the white is 5 min the blue 15 min the red 30, gold 1hr green 4 hr.

--- 帖子 #1485 ---
Using Spud's MTF Stos method keeps you away from large drawdowns (or even losses if you can't sustain the pressure). Using the M5 and M1 together to define the entry, in relation to the M15/M30 move will give you a very good entry point. The DD will on depend on how many pips you want to cash in and how far you want to go in the risk --> if you escalate your profits using the longer TF (H1, H4), you will anyway increase your risk (DD). More risks, more profits! My account is too limited to escalate. I'm rather scalping than day trading. Hope to reach a more comfortable balance quite soon!

--- 帖子 #1486 ---
Hi Spud,

First time poster, long time reader of all your threads.  Really appreciate all the time you've spent educating.

I'm an emini trader and have adapted your ideas, just using different time frames (5/15/45/135/D).  30/60 don't divide well into the emini 8:30 CST to 13:15 session, thus 45/135.

Your talk about M# has to rise for H# to continue going down made me wonder if there is a way to determine odds if M# is going to continue rising, causing H# to come up (reversal)?  Or will M# reverse and H# will continue going down (continuation).

It is easy to compute the closing price it would take to change the stochastic direction of any given time frame (M15, M30, H1, H4, D)?

Given current price, the price required to change stochastic direction, the size of the average price movement per time frame, and how much time is remaining in the current bar per time frame, it would seam odds of a pullback/continuation or reversal could be made.

Curious what you think and if you have done any experiments in that area?

--- 帖子 #1487 ---
Well just a note to people interesting in Spud's MTF stochastic.

My Journal gets slowly useful: purpose of journal is not to show exact trading setups but to give a reliable transparent evidence of someone trying to make it work(or not work .

with full Transaction log.

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=144270

--- 帖子 #1488 ---
Hi M_j

That's great results indeed ! Are the others still in the run (Cindy, JDCompute, ...) ?

I nearly killed my account using other trading methods. That's stupid but the account was very small!

I'm soon starting over, with a bit more live money (2.000 USD). I will try to apply the MTF Stos methodology the best I can, in combination with MA's and TL. I will post real results as soon I as start!

--- 帖子 #1489 ---
Sorry hearing about your losses. Don't know about the others for sure: but I don't think so. Had some interaction with Cindy a while ago and she and others of the older MTF stochs people seem to have moved sometime ago to:  Tkpower8 ATM   http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=137283 (who later got banned).

But there are a couple of people I had chatted who still use at least partially MTF stochs but who might not post much.

I stuck with it - because I see real potential !! In many traders there is a tendency to want immidiately a 'RESULT' and have not the patience to work more on an potential idea.

Of course one has always to weigh up carefully if the invested time is still reasonable to the expected outcome. For me it is still - but I would also not go on for ever as there might be other better options. It is also not my only I trade already a couple of years - but it is one possible trading way - which I think has many advantages and ways to apply. And Spud did indeed do a good job - now it's up to each one to deduce what might work or might not work.

In my case of the Journal: it is only to give other traders a transparent prove (? still must believe that the transaction log I post is true) - which I miss so often.

I would have loved to have had such - because than the questions emphasis would shift from:

Does this really work (or is it only a well done presentation)?

to

Can I make it also work.?

Well that's just my opinion: My tests are still a bit to early to say: It is a real working system - but it looks more and more that it might be workable (actually might be working very well).

I went recentyl even with a subversion live to start slowly getting something back for the invested time.

But basically I'm still in test phase

And I'm one who uses really only MTF stochs and price action in all my tests do far -- and it seems I will not add other filters.

--- 帖子 #1490 ---
So far my experiment is doing quite good.  some of you here might find it useful: does not give detailed setup but full transparent trade history.

--- 帖子 #1491 ---
PLANING TO INCREASE MY LIVE ACCOUNT!

If in the next 3 weeks all goes accordingly, I plan to use a subversion of this system on a good middle size account. (till now I used only shortly a more smallish live account)

--- 帖子 #1492 ---
At the moment I track 4 accounts using Spud's MTF stochs in contests.

hi if anyone is interested to see more statistics from it,

you can check out some related post: http://www2.oanda.com/cgi-bin/msgboa...sts;u=00006535

Especially the one Topic: Weekly Contests

--- 帖子 #1493 ---
Just for anyone interested in Spud's MTF stochastic:

Since mid Nov  2008 I'm playing and testing systems based on Spud's presentations.

So far I'm satisfied - some of my progress with full transaction log can be followed :  Journal related to: Spud's MTF Stochastics   http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=144270.

Next to my Test DEMO accounts: since a view weeks I'm using a small live account.

As so far the tests are ok - I will be using a good size live account starting sometimes next week.

My estimation is a compound return between 50 - 200% a year with a quite acceptable DD.

There are still a couple of things which I did not test long enough - so I will make some adjustments along the way: but the base looks ok.

ON THIS PLACE I WANT ALSO ONCE MORE SAY: THANK YOU SPUD for sharing here.

--- 帖子 #1494 ---
Hi MJ

I'm also live trading with a correct account since 3 days ago. So far, good results!

I'm mainly using the sonic mtf stochastic in combination with fibo levels and simple trend lines.

I will read your results / journal and follow your story!

Regis

--- 帖子 #1495 ---
regis2000,

good hearing from you trading a bigger live account.

I  should be ready by mid next week.

I still plan to do parallel to the live account some of my testing on demo.

But the demo accounts, even the one I track transparently on the journal - does only show half of the picture because of too much changing over the time. But that's the main purpose for the demo.

I WISH YOU ALL THE BEST with the new live account.

--- 帖子 #1496 ---
hi,

Any one here still using Spud's original Escalator set-up? http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=36574

I'm starting to look into it again. So if you have any statistic over a longer time period I would appreciate it.

--- 帖子 #1497 ---
Have posted at my journal a first impression of a Escalator to PIPs subversion. http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=144270

StartDate: 04/17/2009   EndDate: 04/23/2009

TOTAL ACCOUNT REPORT: START Balance:100000 --> END Balance: 106875.04

Trades: 35

Profit: 31  | Loss: 4

WIN/LOSS Percentage: WIN: 88.5714285714 | LOSS 11.4285714286

--- 帖子 #1498 ---
Good to see you around Merlyn

How are things going ?

--- 帖子 #1499 ---
Hello M_J,

Glad to see that your perseverance is paying off, your latest results look impressive.

I'm still looking after my mother, in hospital at the moment, so I'm still demo trading as I never know what I might be doing from one minute to the next.

I'm currently experimenting with EUR/JPY which has an excellent daily range with a 4 pip spread.  When Spud started the MTF threads we were trading GBP/JPY but once he started looking at M5 entries the 7-9 pip spread became too risky so EUR/USD was used instead.  I see EUR/JPY as a reasonable compromise and look for M15 set-ups which I enter on an M5 confirmation.  I also only enter if EUR/USD and USD/JPY are in the same direction, less trades but more likelihood of success.

Once I finalise my experimenting and have some meaningful stats I'll post my thoughts in detail.

Keep up the good work

--- 帖子 #1500 ---
hi Merlyn,

great respect for you: caring for your mom - wish both of you all the best.

I always thought that Spud used only 1 pair because it made enough and was easier to manual trade.

But the good thing seems to be: that it works across pairs - I use now 26 pairs. Not long enough though - to say that each pair produces the same result: (so I might get rid of some when I have longer results.).

The other thought is: if it would not produce MORE profit - just trading the 10 or 5 cheapest pairs with a higher Unit Size per trade. Could be ?

So I still leave such adjustments open: at the moment my 26 pairs with quite heavy rules seem to produces 1-5 trades a week. Which is so far fine.

Will be still interesting how I get the 'new' tests based on the EscalatorToPIPs running. might take again a few month to find a good middle ground.

ANY WAY: ALL THE BEST TO YOU  and your mom !!

--- 帖子 #1501 ---
HI MJ,

You're really doing a great job.

This shows that by persevering on a target give good fruit.

Your results seem very encouraging, especially concerning the risk/reward ratio.

I will keep an eye on your work.

.

Good bless.

Lubo.

--- 帖子 #1502 ---
Hello M_J,

Thanks for your good wishes.

Yes, you are correct about trading one pair only, which is why the switch was made from G/J to E/U, it was too easy for newbies who lacked discipline and/or patience to loose with a 7-9 pip spread on a very volatile pair like G/J, far safer, if slower, trading using E/U.

--- 帖子 #1503 ---
Thanks.

there are a couple of thoughts I want to share related to what you said.

1. persevering: YES I believe too many traders switch too fast their ideas.

On the other hand Spud's MTF stochs had some special things I liked:

a. Spud presented it in a very good way.

b. Putting all related ideas together: there were enough parameters around to play with - and still having a basic common idea.

c. It was not a fixed rule set ' but an idea to play with' as one can see in the many different presentations of Spud himself.

d. early test showed that maybe it could really work out

---------------

This are some of the 'things' I found attractive and which took me captivated to persevere.

---------------

e. Because of that I did very intensive programming: and you know -- if one invests more time (or other resources) into something - it is also more likely that one will not so easily give up.

f. it is also the first trading bot which is solemnly based on price action and TA

g. and because of the complexity it has become the most advanced (in a technical programming way not necessarily in return) trading bot I did so far

---------------

So, kind of developed a special 'love' for this piece of program: which also helped to persevere.

---------------

2. RISK/REWARD RATION: Depending?

Win/Loss ration is ok - but that can also deceive in some cases: One might get a 99% Win and 1 % Loss ration but still be a looser depending on the used Unit Size and TP and SL settings.

e.g 99 x 1 Unit 1 PIP TP  -  1 x 200 Units 200 SL

RISK/REWARD:  In my opinion it is simply like that: an account MUST be able to make in a reasonable time a new HIGH (I would hope at least once a month - but if the strategy has less trades maybe at least once in 2 month).

So, if a draw-down is so much that by the giving strategy (in average) I can not achieve such New High  - it is doomed to fail. I'm not going to wait 3 years until I get a new High.

So, MoneyManagment is also an important part to fit a strategy.

For instance for Spud's MTF stochs I used first only a simple MM - later I applied some of my usual fixed programed and good MM.

But in the end I did change that: as for this strategy it seemed to be a bit contra-productive.

Why: because there are still some: JUST WRONG signals - which I can not filter away. And sometimes these would get very high Units Size  assigned to.

In the light of a relatively good Win/Loss %: In using a more simple different MM I could improve the return.

I think this is important:
RISK/REWARD:  an account MUST be able to make in a REASONABLE time a new HIGH: And you are right.

probably I could increase the trading size and squeezes out quite a bit more: on my live account I aim at the moment for 30 % per year with Spud's MTF. (but I can imaging it up to 200 % per year if it runs well and some MM adjustments accordingly).

But for the first year one does not have to push it to the limit: so 20% with reasonable DrawDown till end of December is OK for me

--- 帖子 #1504 ---
Hi all,

I have been reading Spud's thread with avid interest and I have a question that I hope someone can answer.

Apologies in advance for asking a question about an old post in this thread but this post really has me puzzled.

The post is "The Balls"...

http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...&postcount=206

In particular, this part of the post in which Spud says...

"So why do I expect the red ball to fall. Because M15 and M30 (blue and purple balls) can't build H1 downwards where they are. The M15 and M30 balls have to go up first. They may only go up 20%..they may go up 80%..we don't know. What we do know is that for M15 and M30 to rise, M5 has to fall down to get a long trigger (best) or at least go down far enough to raise M15 and M30."

What I don't get is that "for M15 and M30 to rise M5 has to fall down to get a long trigger (best) or at least go down far enough to raise M15 and M30.

If say the red ball bounced around for say a dozen bars above say the 70% level then wouldn't you also expect to see M15 and M30 rise?

I am having trouble getting my head around the statement that for M15 and M30 to rise then M5 must fall. Intuitively I would expect that for M15 and M30 to rise then M5 must rise also?

I have a feeling that I am missing something very simple here but I cannot for the life of me figure out what it is.

Thanks in advance.

Laurence.

--- 帖子 #1505 ---
Hi lhookway,

just first: I'm no expert in stochs - and I did not focus at all on the Ball presentation (kinda skipped it .

But I can share how I think:

I think that is the clue.

How can M5 rise (when it is on the top ?)

it first must go down (at least a little bit), doesn't it.

But it can be observed that smaller time frames make much more often total circles than higher time frames stochs. So, it can be expected that the smaller time frame might make a number of up, down circles before the higher make one.

Well, as I say no expert on Ball's  - but maybe it helps to get a other persons thoughts.

--- 帖子 #1506 ---
hello guys... no one updating this system anymore? actually i've been reading this thread for quite some times... i would love to thank Spud (i know it is very very very late ) and i also would like to LuboLabo for his indicator and i'm working to enhance it further... i just would like to clarify here all the stoch used here are closed candle or active one? really appreciate if someone (would be very glad if Spud himself) could clarify this. below is how da indi i'm working on and i'm open to any suggestion.

the upper one used active candle and the lower one used closed candle... the % are basically the % of green bar over all bars (dont know if this is useful or not) but my short observation (for the active candle) seems like when the % of Short is much higher compared to the % of Long, it is a Short signal  .

p/s: This my very first indi  as i am very new in this field (just started with live account last april )

--- 帖子 #1507 ---
hi z8_fx,

Good hearing you did go live - MUCH SUCCESS to you.

I personally think that there are no such fixed rules in Spud's overall presentation.

It is also a while ago that I read the thread: But what I remember was this: Spud used CLOSED candles for stochs.

I think the only exception was when trading the rope (but one would have to go through all of the posts again.

At least that is how I have it in mind.

Personally I use only closed candles.

But as I'm fully automatized  I do it so that I check the stochs very closely when a candle closes - so I'm always right on the spot.

~~~~~~~~

Would be nice if you start your own journal with some statistics: I'm always interested in such myself.

--- 帖子 #1508 ---
whoa thanks for the wish MJ!, really appreciate... i'm so glad u did reply my post as i didnt put much hope someone would reply

i'm also planning to code an EA using Spud rules using the Risk% where open position when risk is below 60% in M5 and go to the next TF if risk is 0% or exit if risk >=60%...

i am very new to this and i also hv a day job so it took me quite some times to finish what i'm doing...

as said by u, starting now i'll use the closed candle and will work on this very soon...

as for live trading, i'm still in very slow mode as i'm concentrating to blend in this system and once i hv enough confident, i'll post my trade

btw, i read your journal n you coded in 23,000 lines? WOW!! speechless on that... err... did u share somewhere your codes as i'll try to refer. i believe programmers can read the lines even not so familiar with da language the other programmer use  hope to hear from u soon...

p/s: Spud!! Where are you??  i missed da chance b4 when u r around

--- 帖子 #1509 ---
I'm glad to see that someone elaborates my indicators idea...

Lubo.

--- 帖子 #1510 ---
z8_fx,

M_j, Lubo

Looks great your indicator, it will greatly facilitate the job! I used Spud's method but could not stick to it enough because I can't stand on my charts all the day long. I would propose to all the people using only STOS to add a filter like ADX in order to stay in the trade as far as the trend is the right direction (and trending, rather than ranging). STOS might give bad signals, except if you completely follow the escalator theory, which I never had the time / courage to follow...

What do you think about it ?

Regis (from Belgium !)

--- 帖子 #1511 ---
hi z8_fx

* ABOUT the code: I must disappoint you.

I'm NOT planing to share my code.

the journal is only here to give people like myself (and probably yourself):

a documented transparent history of trading based on what Spud shared.

hi, you can read some ideas about that from me: somewhere back in this thread.

I had that implemented at one point: actually a quite advanced version: But I could not see the real advantage of it (even though I understand it theoretical). I think it might be useful to consider in manual trading though (but not in a strict sense).

Anyway - maybe you will be more convinced of it's advantage then I was.

* LIVE trading: I also would take much care, go slowly in the beginning - so that if you get hit - you have realistic chances to recover.I personally have made in the last 3 1/2 weeks about 2 % - but no loosing trade. (if I had known that  I would have made much more and played a 100% leverage).

But I prefer to take it slowly in the beginning: I still aim till end of the year about 20 % total. (personally I think I will make quite a bit more in the end)

Than for next year - I might change a number of things: maybe remove some of the pairs which did not turn out to well - and also with MoneyManagement aiming to about 80 - 150 %

Well, that's about the plan - one has to see how it works out in reality. (but so far I'm in good cheer that it's possible)

--- 帖子 #1512 ---
My thoughts are like that:

I think that this may give the wrong impression: that escalator does not give bad signals.

So, I think one would have to say: Stochastic (like any other indicator) may give at times wrong signals: My experience is: There are at time JUST PLAIN WRONG. I could filter much out in one of systems which I use live: But from time to time there are still some of this total wrong signals.

Until now I could not find any useful ways to get rid of such remaining: and make the trading still worthwhile.

I think it depends a lot of how one uses the stochs.

Also if the trading is manual or automatized.

In my case: I do not use any other indicators for now: Only stochs and price-actions: I use TP and SL on each trade and never change them after a trade is executed.

I may change this in my new testing based more on a EscalatorToPips version. But I think, if I would change my fixed SL I would opt for a dynamic trailing SL .

Anyway for this new testing it is much to early to say anything - most of it is still negative.

--- 帖子 #1513 ---
Hi Regis,

I do agree that this system need some additional filters. Given that I'm quite new to Forex and never used ADX as a filter, Could you please explain how it should be used in terms of additional rules or leave a link of where it's well explained?

Thanks,

PipPicker

--- 帖子 #1514 ---
Just some STATISTICS of my current new test accounts based on EscalatorToPips for this week (note there are still open trades)

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
ACCOUNT 1:
TOTAL ACCOUNT REPORT: START Balance:100000 END Balance: 101076.94

Trades: 10

Profit: 9  | Loss: 1
WIN/LOSS Percentage: WIN: 90.0 | LOSS 10.0

LAST WEEK: END Balance: 98214.47

Trades: 20

Profit: 16  | Loss: 4

WIN/LOSS Percentage: WIN: 80.0 | LOSS 20.0

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
ACCOUNT 2:

TOTAL ACCOUNT REPORT: START Balance:100000 END Balance: 96531.21

Trades: 39

Profit: 30  | Loss: 9

WIN/LOSS Percentage: WIN: 76.9230769231 | LOSS 23.0769230769

LAST WEEK:  END Balance: 95054.89
Trades: 75

Profit: 59  | Loss: 16

WIN/LOSS Percentage: WIN: 78.6666666667 | LOSS 21.3333333333

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
ACCOUNT 3:

TOTAL ACCOUNT REPORT: START Balance:100000 END Balance: 99281.42

Trades: 13

Profit: 10  | Loss: 3

WIN/LOSS Percentage: WIN: 76.9230769231 | LOSS 23.0769230769

* This one is quite interesting in relation to account 2: uses a stricter rule set - that's way I get less trades: But did produce actually the same result (WIN/LOSS RATION -- blows the account just slower

But last week it did better.

LAST WEEK: END Balance: 101415.52

Trades: 24

Profit: 20  | Loss: 4

WIN/LOSS Percentage: WIN: 83.3333333333 | LOSS 16.6666666667

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
ACCOUNT 4:

TOTAL ACCOUNT REPORT: START Balance:100000 END Balance: -236104.37

Trades: 57

Profit: 43  | Loss: 14

WIN/LOSS Percentage: WIN: 75.4385964912 | LOSS 24.5614035088

NOTE: the balance is wrong: there was a very bad spike so I don't know how much minus it would have been.

LAST WEEK: END Balance: 84400.10

Trades: 86

Profit: 63  | Loss: 23

WIN/LOSS Percentage: WIN: 73.2558139535 | LOSS 26.7441860465

--- 帖子 #1515 ---
ANy one interested: I did post my last month transaction from my working system: http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...&postcount=173

--- 帖子 #1516 ---
JUST TO LET ALL KNOW: I STOP MY JOURNAL: Journal related to: Spud's MTF Stochastic:

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=144270

It has fulfilled it's purpose.

--- 帖子 #1517 ---
What's next? Girls, expensive cars and a big house? ^^

--- 帖子 #1518 ---
Continue finishing testing some related systems based on EscalatorToPips. (But no journal any more).

After that probably doing some completely other systems (A unfinished trend following I started before looking into Spud's thread - maybe some kind of basket trading.)

- but I have to admit: Spud's MTF stochs have become somehow a favourite of mine.

--- 帖子 #1519 ---
hurmmm been a while till i can write again... been so bz with day work n so tired when at home, dont really feel like want to stare at the monitor... btw i'm trying to finalize an EA based on the Spud's %R. i use 40%R and also lower TF filter as entry point. it seems to be working in D1 TF but not in lower TF. i guess now i need to work on the SL. i did a backtest from 01.01.2009, there's 1 trade got 500+pips! (not mentioning also some lost up to 200+pips )

but as i'm still very new here, would like to seek advice, how far the backtest should start? also it would be great if can advice on the SL as i would like to code it and not to put in my order (dont want the broker to know, hehe!!)

--- 帖子 #1520 ---
Hello,

I personaly tested a lot of EA's. Some delivering interesting results (but only working either in trends or ranging markets), some completely choppy just as the market can be, some loosing a lot. I would advise you to make a working EA on lower TF than D1 just because the EA will not trade much and without much trades you don't have enough trades to be sure your EA is working. And, according to me, once you've got a good strategy, it should work on the main TF, from M15 to D1.

ABout SL, I would use a limited SL (20 to 35 pips, if it's more it's because the entry is not accurate enough), trailing should be higher to give some room to the trade and be sure to make money even if your strategy is a 50% winner, ... the best is to use a dynamic stop (MA, ADX, ...).

To be completely honest, I believe in EA's to facilitate your life but not to be 100% automatic as I said above, your EA will not perform the same in all the market conditions and the human intelligence is difficult to put in an EA, but that's only my personal view!

Hope it helps!

Continue trying, it's the only way to beat the forex dealer!

--- 帖子 #1521 ---
I forgot to mention that yu should add a BE in your EA, not to far from your entry point. TO be finetuned according to your strategy.

KDR

--- 帖子 #1522 ---
Hi PipPicker, sorry I did not see your message.

I would suggest to open a trade only when the ADX signal is climbing and above let's say 25. ADX+ should of course be above ADX-. And the MTF STOS should be climbing for a buy/declining for a sell. The ADX signal will allow you to trade only when the trend is effective (the trend is your friend). If ADX is below 25, no trade or range trading only (using RSI or STOS or Bollinger...).

I also like to have the moving averages properly aligned and not in spaghetti. You can also use the MTF STOS patterns to better feel what's happening and confirm with ADX.

I'm still in the process of analysing ADX in combination with MTF STOS. I'm convinced in can clearly help in your trade decisions. I'm using it for 3 weeks now on my real account and I perform much better than without using it.

Good luck!

--- 帖子 #1523 ---
On my live account I'm up about 10 % in the last 2 month. (had just 2 losing trades)

On the testing side: I'm still experimenting with a more EscalatorToPips based system.

--- 帖子 #1524 ---
Hello Spudfyre.

As a newbie I have a question. I think I understand your system, but 1 part I cannot seem to grasp.

In post #108 you state (page 12 about the balls) : "We know that H4 and H1 are moving down and for them to continue moving down M30, M15 and M5 must move up."

I cannot seem to let go that M15 and M30 also can stay down and pull H1 and H4 down.

Could you explain this to me. I'll be very thankful.

I'll try to add a chart which might explain what I'm saying

--- 帖子 #1525 ---
i cannot open the PDF file..

--- 帖子 #1526 ---
It's quite a long time since I logged in forexfactory.

Since my last info on my journal and here:

I still traded the MTF Stoch system. Still in Plus.

In August I had a few STOP LOSS one after another which took some of the profit and I stopped trading for a while.

Basically I'm up about 20 % for this year ( some of it was done by manual trading and other systems on this accounts before using MTF Stochs. )

As this was my target for this First Year with MTF Stochs I decided to stop trading  till year end and keep my profit.

--------------------------------------------

On the Testing side:

I did some more testing on something more based on the Escalator To PIPs idea - but stopped after some time (when the summer time came) and took a break in testing.

In October I rewrote a lot of my MTF automatic trading system.

Which I basically just finished.

I hope now to test it out till year end ( fixing new bugs) and hope to be ready for next year start to go live with it.

For next year I will basically switch to only Trading MTF-Stochs systems and maybe some manual. I think aiming between 50 - 150 % might be quite realistic.

-------------------------------------------

One of the major problems I still have with my present system is that I get just few trades: about 1-3 a week by trading 22 pairs.

So till year I will try slightly different settings to increase that but hoping to keep the win-loss ration.

That's more or less all from me.

--- 帖子 #1527 ---
Hi,

I was not 100% comfortable to trade Spud's MTF STOCH technique but I loved the idea. I tried to use the same mechanics using the MACD on Multiple Time Frames and with multiple averages settings.

The result is that you can easily see where the trend is going to (bullish/bearish) and enter on the TF you like.

I'm planning to try an automation of the technique and will come back here with the results if they are interesting. But the method is generating more trades than what you're saying, maybe a good alternative. The technique is explained here, sorry it's in french:http://www.forex-info.org/techniques-de-trading/ and example here: http://forex-info.org/forum/viewtopic.php?f=20&t=12

--- 帖子 #1528 ---
Hi Spud,

I think your system is very smart! Thanks for sharing!!!

Please let me know if this is a good time to enter a Short trade. Any additional comments are appreciated.

Thanks again!!!

--- 帖子 #1529 ---
Just to let everyone interested know: I started a new related journal:

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?p=3220953

--- 帖子 #1530 ---
To all MTF Stochs traders:

and especially to Spudfyre (in case you pop in to the forum)

A Blessed Christmas and a Successful New Year 2010

--- 帖子 #1531 ---
Same to you and yours MJ and everyone else out there

--- 帖子 #1532 ---
hi Merlyn,

great hearing from you again - I hope you also finish the year 2009 on the good side.

All the best to you for the next one 2010.

--- 帖子 #1533 ---
Here's to a successful new decade trading the Forex...

Over the holiday break I have been reading up on this MTF Stoch 'mechanical' method. Definitely something worth investigating/testing further. As with any system it is very important to plan your trade and trade your plan consistently.

Anyone else still actively trading this system (given the age of the thread)?

John

--- 帖子 #1534 ---
Yes - still trading Spud's related Live system and also demo testing for improvement.

There are some others who are also trading related systems.

Probably there is not much forum activity anymore - because most related interesting  things have been already written.

--- 帖子 #1535 ---
Anyone still trading Spud's methods. How are your results doing this year?

I stopped at the end of last year - because of a planned broker switch (planned ECN) which led me to extensive new programming ( hoping to make use of FIX protocol api in the future).

Anyway - would be still interested if any of you trade currently something based on Spud's methods and how are results this year.

--- 帖子 #1536 ---
I really like multiple time frame analysis as it is simple and straight forward. I pretty much know this system only and find it pretty tough to learn others as i have heard of great results from people using it.

The main problem with stochastics and MTF i feel is that there are a high precentage of winners. I have maintained at least a 80% ever since i started with it. The main problem is when my losers kick in. They are usually large, very large. I don't know how to reduce this. People have gave me solutions to it which was to have a predefined stop lost but then by having one I usually find myself with more loosing trades as the market fluctuates more than anticipated.

Anther problem in dealing with MTF is the signals that each timeframe gives. When I trade the MTF i use 3 screens. The first screen I go with a MACD and stochas and some emas and BB. I figure out the trend here on the highest time frame. After that i go to second time frame which is 5 minute and then I look for stochastics to be point in the same direction as the first time frame. but the thing is after i spot a trend, on first TF, it usually gives me little time to enter as the 5 min stochs quicly goes OVERBOUGHT. The stochastics are giving me a great headache with the quick overbought or oversold position everything there is a quick move. I am not really sure how others are dealing with this cuz at certain time prices continue to go further in the direction of oversold and overbought and when this happens, i don't know when the price action will reverse and change. Anyone can help me out to figure when to determine in and out?

--- 帖子 #1537 ---
Anyone could please point me where I can get the guide in PDF?  Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1538 ---
Click the paper-clip in the top right hand corner.

--- 帖子 #1539 ---
Thank you so much for your help.

--- 帖子 #1540 ---
To all fans and traders of Spud's MTF Stochastic:

A Happy and Successful New Year 2011.

--- 帖子 #1541 ---
Just some updates.

For different reason I have started trading manually in the mid of Oct 2010.

I keep a weekly record and try to aim at 5 % per week. (I know this quite a lot but one has to consider that I do have more time than many as I do not have a regular day job)

Well this are the results so far of the manual trading:

Results are always for the previous week

2010.10.14    Start

2010.10.18    Weekly %    3.15    Compound %    3.15

2010.10.25    Weekly %    6.41    Compound %    9.77

2010.11.01    Weekly %    7.56    Compound %    18.07

2010.11.08    Weekly %    2.55    Compound %    21.09

2010.11.15    Weekly %    8.93    Compound %    31.90

2010.11.22    Weekly %    16.53    Compound %    53.70

2010.11.29    Weekly %    14.41    Compound %    75.84

2010.12.06    Weekly %    7.55    Compound %    89.11

2010.12.13    Weekly %    -2.18    Compound %    84.99

2010.12.20    Weekly %    5.17    Compound %    94.55

2010.12.27    Weekly %    6.13    Compound %    106.48

2011.01.03  Weekly %    13.32    Compound %    133.97

2011.01.10    Weekly %    -8.01    Compound %    115.23

(this loss was expected because of the years change and how I adjusted my account))

2011.01.17    Weekly %    6.58    Compound %    129.39  (current week)

Obviously there was some luck too

I base my trading much on what Spud in general shared - but do not follow a strict set of rules (which has advantages and also clear disadvantages)

Anyway this is a live account result. Maybe it does motivate some of you to look again into what Spud shared.

--- 帖子 #1542 ---
[quote=M_j;4304378]Just some updates.

For different reason I have started trading manually in the mid of Oct 2010.

I keep a weekly record and try to aim at 5 % per week. (I know this quite a lot but one has to consider that I do have more time than many as I do not have a regular day job)

Hi M_j,

Can you share your setting to the chart and what are your changes to the rules?

Thanks!

E.T.

--- 帖子 #1543 ---
hi E.t,

as I said I do not trade by strict rules but use the general ideas Spud has shared.

MTF Stochastic:

My main Time frames are M1, M5 (I use both as Entries (and trade management) but M1 has more weight for me than the M5)  and in addition M15 and H1.

I also look at times at the H4 and daily charts.

I use some variations of The  Rope, and I'm aware of Escalator to Pips setups (but very seldom have the guts to let the profit run) and have in-cooperated some MACD stuff and some Moving Average.

I also give a little bit attention to general price candles formation (chart pattern) and general areas of resistance.

All together I trade short term mostly a couple of pips at the time.

One of my current weaknesses are:

I take profit mostly to quick instead of letting it run a bit longer and also let loosing trades run far too long.

I guess this is partially one of the side effects of not trading by strict rules.

In case you are interested: some of the more influential threads on my trading are:

Spuds:

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=119483

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=22105

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=36574

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=37111

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=130020

And also from others:

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=14630

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=11854

Edit: One thread I forgot first which is also useful to understand elastic (Spud mentions it also somewhere)

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=13321

--- 帖子 #1544 ---
M_j thanks for the info.

--- 帖子 #1545 ---
M_j

Do you agree that in Spud's previous tread:

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=130020

he only using those settings and rules for M5 alone on one chart?

--- 帖子 #1546 ---
Probably it's not a matter if I agree or do not agree with Spud.

Personally I do not trade his Lab Accident method as such but as I look at the charts I do have it also in the background of my mind.

Most of my MACD ideas are adaptation from http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=14630.

--- 帖子 #1547 ---
Here is a screen shot from my current charts (I use them on a quite big monitor)

This is a Demo account: I use it only for the charts and enter my trades manually at an other broker (Oanda).

--- 帖子 #1548 ---
Also a influential thread I forgot first to mention.

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=13321

--- 帖子 #1549 ---
Hi MJ

I'm a...Forex stochastic student since 2 years

I'm really interested in your trading approach

PLEASE open your own thread,we will jump in

--- 帖子 #1550 ---
Hi swissforex,

Maybe first I have to say that the posting you quoted was from a time where I did a fully automated trading.

At that time I worked with very short time frames where the shorter time frames where of more importance:

starting with 30sec, 1min, 5min, 15min, and 30min 1hour.

I had a system which checked so many parameters: even Spud's 'Rope'

it worked quite ok but had mainly this problems: very few trades per week even though I checked many pairs.

And on the other side there where from time and time entries which more or less immediately turned wrong and hit SL.

But as I said - all together it was quite ok - the main reason why I stopped it: was that I had planned to move to an other broker and also an other important reason was that there where very few trades per week by quite small TP (15-30pips)

In the mean time I did not change my broker and so I thought to do a bit more manual trading instead of programming. Manually I have to take a different approach as it is impossible to keep track of all my automated parameter.

Spending more screen time gives me also a new feeling for it and might be of an advantage in case I do again some automated trading programming.

Anyway, at the moment for me the M1 and M5 are the main Time Frames (with some more importance given to M1) I use M15 H1 in addition.

at times I look at H4 and D1 for a bigger picture of the past situation.

To your suggestion:

At the moment I do not feel to maintain my own thread on stochastic for a couple of reason.

1. At the moment I'm trying to combine my current stochastic approach with some other ideas which takes some time to work through and to see what might be useful.

2. My current broker (Oanda) has announced the imminent release of a MetaTrader 4 trading platform.

As I use currently MT5 for visualisation I'm considering transferring this to MT4 and maybe start again playing with an automated EA (not sure yet)

3. Most importantly: Spudfyre has shared already so much on MTF Stochastic and has done such an excellent job that I do not see any future need.

For anyone really interested I would suggest to study the above (couple of posts) summary of the thread I found very helpful.

But if you feel to maintain a new thread about MT stochastic trading approach I'm willing to share what I'm doing from time to time.

In such case it would be nice if you post here a link to your thread.

--- 帖子 #1551 ---
Thx for your reply MJ

are u the same MJ from WWI forum?

....about opening or refreshing this thread about MTF stochastic

I don't think I'm the right guy for that

I'm a forex student,I could say a BIG expert about stochastic and renko,but still a student

And I don't think this Forum needs another thread about Spud 's MTF argument

But I wanna spend here my 2 cents,because I believe in sharing with the others

2 add ons would be nice for a solid  MTF strategy: USD strenght meter Pattern recognition (Head&shoulders,Triple bottom,and so on..)

let's see what happens on this thread from now on

--- 帖子 #1552 ---
No.

The one thing from Spud's teaching which is very strongly impressed on my mind is:  LOWER time frames BUILD HIGHER.

Everyone knows that but if one reads most threads it seems for many the opposite around. (Longer time frames lead the shorter).

Anyway, I would not be extreme on either position as even in Spud's teaching some aspect go to the (Longer time frames lead the shorter)

e.g. Elastic pull-backs

but I think that he emphasised it ( LOWER time frames BUILD HIGHER) so strongly helped me in a number of trading aspects.

*
I find the addition of MACD quite useful: partially by studying the MACD TC Pattern http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=14630 (but otherwise the H4 time frame was for Spud to much in the past exception: the First Escalator to Pips system if I recall correctly)

Also H4 Candles are build for different brokers at different times (e.g http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...92#post4320092) which gives me not all the confidence in such long time frames as basic strategy.

*
and EMA 10,21 pus SMA 50 of great additional value

mostly from the: http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=11854

it seems that this combination shows a lot of why sometimes the stochastic does turn in the middle of the way to the opposite side.

(I'm still working on this combinations but it is quite obvious that this looks very helpful)

BTW: from reading through Spud's teachings it is not easily to spot that he traded a lot 'Elastic trades' - but in fact somewhere he shared that that was one of his most frequent used trading styles.

I also find them more and more interesting in contrast to bigger trend changes like 'Escalator to Pips' (even though there are cool if you can ride one).

--- 帖子 #1553 ---
BTW: since I started with the manual trading I trade only 1 pair: EURUSD.

--- 帖子 #1554 ---
thx

I think one of the weak point for this sys is the lack of entries

how many setups did u pick on EURUSD in the last month?

and is it a time consuming system?

Anyway:

I love stochastic multitimeframe indicator.

With  a  customized stochastic basket and EMA you can trade very well

--- 帖子 #1555 ---
Very good stuff..

You are a true Hero Spudfyre!

I dont know if you're still out there but I like to write your name in my testament!!!

Mark "MegaPiP" Thespichtt

--- 帖子 #1556 ---
Hi Sarah,

Are you still out there?

This indicator is exectly what I'm looking for!

It performs perfect on Stoch(5,3,3) but the result are different from what the Stoch(14,3,3) is telling me on chart..

Any idea?

--- 帖子 #1557 ---
Looking at her profile I guess not:  Last Activity Mar 1, 2009

Same goes for Spud: last post: Posted Jan 10, 2009

Anyway: personally I think it's very worthy looking through his threads.

Wish you all the best in your trading effort.

PS: about the indicator: I did never use that one.

--- 帖子 #1558 ---
Hi,

Good to hear from you!

I read the whole thread; also read Escalator thread; both very interesting.

I like both but this one became a bit too technical somewhere in the middle; I like Stochastics very much but I also like to keep things simple.

I saw you are a very good programmer as well!

I'm not much of a programmer myself but perhaps you can help me out on another indicator I like very much as well. Its probably a peace of cake for you.

Its about the Color Stochastics version 1.2 from the Escalator thread; if it could update the collors every, lets say 30 seconds or so, I have a very nice strategy on this indicator.

I've been studying Stochastics for long now and its always been my favorite indicator; considering myself an expert on all signs of divergence as well. Also been studying the bias of all lines on all TF's together to make good decision on witch figures are good for profitable trades.

Can you help me out on this issue on the Color Stochastics version 1.2? Its much easier to expain the rest of the strategy if this indicator would update its collor bars on a regular base.

I will than publish the whole story on my strategy.

--- 帖子 #1559 ---
This is Indicator I was talking about.

--- 帖子 #1560 ---
The collors update nicely if I reload my templates though but it gives me a headache doing this so often for the Futures I play(EUR/USD, CHF/USD and GBP/USD).

It doesnt work by refreshing chart strangely..

Please help me on this issue, you would make me very happy!

--- 帖子 #1561 ---
hi despichtt,

Well, I'm not a particular MT4 programmer - all this programs on this thread where done in an other customized trading suite.

Anyway - I will take a look at your indicator.

I had a collection of Stochastic Indicators somewhere - maybe there is something of interest for you - I will have a look later on.

--- 帖子 #1562 ---
[quote=M_j;4444982]hi despichtt,

Well, I'm not a particular MT4 programmer - all this programs on this thread where done in an other customized trading suite.

Anyway - I will take a look at your indicator.

I had a collection of Stochastic Indicators somewhere - maybe there is something of interest for you - I will have a look later on.[/qu

Thats very kind of you!

If I could see the colored bars at the bottom of the chart real time in stead of updating only every clossed bar it would make life so much easier for me.

Its perhaps allready fixed in some other indicator as well, couldnt find any.

Looking forward!
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1563 ---
hi despichtt,

I could now identify what you mean. I will have a look at it.

I think there is an other indi which does what you want - but has not all the alerts ...

--- 帖子 #1564 ---
hi despichtt,

Well the indicator I had in mind had also some problems.

Anyway: I did some changes for you.

I think I did a fast hack of what you wanted.

BUT there is some general problems involved with this -  it is important that you are aware of it.

Let's assume you plot on a 15 min chart. The 15 min StochBar should be correct and update with the live candle.

If you plot a higher TimeFrame StochBar you get such problem.

e.g. 30 min Stoch.

On a 15 min chart you get 2 bars for  ONE 30min bar.

Here is the problem: when the first bar of the 2 finishes - it has one  particular color - let's assume 'DownTrend' (in the new version the  correct color at that time as it changes color with the live active candle)

But what happens if in the next 15min the 30min stoch actually  turns up and at the end of the 30min candle  it has a ' UpTrend'

So you get your second bar on the 15min chart as 'UpTrend'.

Now you have the problem that your PAST candle is not any more correct in the light of the finished 30min candle.

There should be 2 "UpTrend bars" on the 1 min Chart.

But you got: 1 "DownTrend bar' and 1 "UpTrend bar"

Just that you are aware of it.

The actual bars are correct (except I made a mistake   ) at the time when the chart's candle (in our e.g. 15min) closed.

I hope you got my point.

I also added an additional color in the rare case that a stoch is  neither up nor down but flat  (only in between overbought and oversold area)

I did not checkmuch  if all works correct  - as this takes time until the higher time-frames stochs update.

Just try the attached indicator - if it does what you where looking for.

--- 帖子 #1565 ---
Ok here are most of the stochastic indicators I have collected over time - some of them might not even work or work wrong and many I never tested.  There might be also a couple of other indicators between them.

But there might be a couple of interest.

--- 帖子 #1566 ---
You did a great job MJ; I'm very happy with the things I see rigth now!

I don't mind about the incorrect color of the previous bar. In fact I think its of great support to my strategy.

Its a perfect day for testing as well since I don't like trading before the Payrolls at all so I will report on this later on.

I will write my strategy down as well.

Perhaps better to start some new thread!?

Thank you so much for the work you've done so far MJ!

--- 帖子 #1567 ---
Glad if I could help a bit.

--- 帖子 #1568 ---
At the moment I'm playing a bit around with additional trend lines.

I thought someone else might find the attached indicator also useful.

(Nothing special new - similar float around).

Anyway here a short description: TrendAndHLine_Alerter_mj_v1.00.mq4

1. I did not test it much as I just put it together.

2.this is based on my own need which is: For alert I need at the most 4 H-Lines/Trend-Lines.

(There might be other Trend-Lines but I do not need any alert on them.)

3. If any Alert is hit I disable all others too. Because in my case if a alert is hit I want to re-examine the situation and than take accordingly action.

4. One cane set freely the sound-file, display some info ....

SET ALERT:

/*

You can assign 4 objects per chart to be alerted when price touches them or with a defined offset

HLines and Trendlines are supported

To activate them: you need first to draw them on the chart and then use there names ( to assign here )

if empty it is not included

*/

--- 帖子 #1569 ---
TrendAndHLine_Alerter_mj_v1.01.mq4  minor change with the Digits.

--- 帖子 #1570 ---
Just to let you know:

I try a new  trading journal for some test purpose: http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=283259

--- 帖子 #1571 ---
Cheers Mate, you did a hell of a job!

--- 帖子 #1572 ---
See the vertical lines for possible setups to trade.

I didnt play both of them unfortunately; not the Euro. I didnt trust the first move after the Payrolls.

I did play the CHF though; that was all!

It was a strong setup; in fact it doesnt get much stronger with all lines from Stochastics perfectly in place..

--- 帖子 #1573 ---
I pointed my arrows on the first pivot point after the strong setup on the CHF..

It reached in no-time so I took profit.

Like so many times; when I make a nice run like this one I call it a day!

--- 帖子 #1574 ---
hi despichtt,

looking at your pictures I guess one could make one indicator which only points out when all the Colors are the same - but probably it is not of much use as you will anyway plat the different TF Stoch bars for a general overview.

Looking forward to see some more screen-shots of your live setups in the near future.

All the best.

--- 帖子 #1575 ---
Despichtt a small question of clarification. Why do you still use the Stoch line window - does the color bars not cover the same settings?

--- 帖子 #1576 ---
The whole story; here it is..

About Stochastics:

I did a lot of short term trading in the past basicly on a 1min frame. My basic indicator has always been Stochastics. Its important to know all figures and understand what happened for the figure to became what it is. Since I’ve seen all figures on a rapid base watching 1min charts so often, I’m very familiar to all setups. I now use all knowledge on all timeframes. I use additional signals, besides from switching color bars, from stochastics for entrée and also for exit.

For special figures especially from 5 and 15min frame I use the confirming color from the TF’s as an entrée as well(don’t care for the color of 30min and H4 in this case). So if you see both lines deverging down from price and have confirming red bars after a 5min candle has closed. Its important to know if market is trending or not to know how to read the behaviour of stochastics. If you see market is trending up you switch thinking and start reading information from the bottoms in stead of from the peaks. This can give you valuable information on how strong the trend and if its likely to continue or not.

I wont bother you too much with all ins and outs(I can tolk for hours on the story) but I think one should know all from its main instrument.

MTF Stochastics:

If I talk about the balk it’s the area between 0-20 and 80-100; balk line: 20 and 80(from snooker!). I use 5min as main setup. MTF stochastics 5, 15, 30min and H4 in color bars and MTF Stochastics v2.0 for visualisation. I use some EMA’s for messuring strength of trend and to adjust stops. Most of the time I place my stops in between the 12 and 24 EMA. Emloyed Pivots Points and Trend Hull, that’s all.

Basicly: Look for situations where all color is green or red on the Stochastics color bar setup. Situation has to hold until the Candle from 5min closes. Reload Template from time to time. Important: CandleStick patterns(engulfing, doji’s, breakout patterns etc).

15/30 min cannot be overbought for going long/not oversold for going short(unless 5minStoch moved fast to the other side on little price change, typical in a trend with more to come). 4H have to be out of Balk if want to go long/short. H4 overbought is fine for going long as is H4 oversold for going short(all other lines no extreme values).

Pre-Announcements by the Bigger TF’s are often strong signals(15/30min announcing pre on the 5min: divergence!). Strong: 5/15/30 “Bundel” forces towards target. Little price chance and more inline colors from Stochastics is good building. All 5, 15 als 30Min Stochastics on groen/rood makes a strong case as well. If 4H crosses from balk to balk you see very nice crossings from 5 and 15minStoch; 15min leaving balk inline the crossing H4 is also a very str case. 5min overb/s not a problem if there is much room for the 15 and 30min to go and some very nice bias. If both 5 and 15min deverging > act on the confirming color if it’s a definite candle(cannot switch back from color). 5 and 30 getting green at the same time while 15 already green but H4 still in Balk balk is good to trade.

I always try to make smal improvements on price. Exit on a contra color bar from 15(Focus Stoch)/30min; exit on signal line theory from Spud or divergence from 5min Stochastics. In overb/s situations: tighten Stop. If 15 or 30min start to twinkle from color: shorten your stop as well. Adjust Stop and profit target to the scale of the currunt volatility(look at the changing scale of the chart).

I always evaluate the setup from all lines from Stochastics. It’s a bit of a grafity story in most cases. I than decide if it’s a weak or strong setup. Weak to me are situations where the action is below the H4 Stochastics and a short setup takes place. I like 15 and 30 both reaching the Balk area from 50 level at the same time(pipping time!). I take profit or shorten stop much faster on weak setups. Strong play’s: aim for Pivots or other sup/res/trend lines. Situations where H4 is crossing from balk to balk are often strong as well.

--- 帖子 #1577 ---
Hasty job; some more..

For the main 5min frame I’m looking at I use a Stoch(5,3,3); I like the fast signals. I’m also looking at another smaller 5min chart with settings(14,3,3) for the 15 and 30min Stochastics and the Signal 5min Stoch(14,1,1) trying to make sence of the Spud theory. Also small 1H setup for the longer gauge of some strong play.

I play Futures on CHF EUR and GBP. Using DJNW for news, Forex Calendar and Amplify to see if there are any Auctions.

Trading time: 0200-1100ET; extra momentum around 0200ET and 0800ET. For the past 2 weeks since I’m trading this strategy I had some amazing results; mostly finishing the day after a good run before 0800ET. Not quite sure how to messure the accuracy in the long term but very confident things will stay into the green.

Only play news inline sentiment(I use StopLim to hover on the right side of the price; in case the news is inline the current sentiment I might get fill and take a good ride). Expect the price to drop back to its point were it was before the news if the news was against the current flow. Usualy don’t trade around big Macro’s or shorten my stops if I’m in.

Very poor result from strong setup MTF Stochastics: I seriously explore the other side.

--- 帖子 #1578 ---
God bless you all!

--- 帖子 #1579 ---
Yes, it does but the colors dont tell you where the lines are so I  like the visualisation as well!

Perhaps one could live without it when stricly following the rules, not sure.

I like to see all lines for developing patterns as well.

Cheers(Scottich..)!

--- 帖子 #1580 ---
For the EUR chart perhaps nice to mention is the strong setup before 1430 that failed to impress. All kind of devergence were going on here and you could have play the nice retreat.

I dont like to play before Payrolls so I waited for the first inline setup afterwards.

--- 帖子 #1581 ---
Also for the EUR chart: If you had played the EUR long at 1600ET..

You could have wait for the color switch on the 15 or 30min Stoch from the color bar.

But.. seeing all developing devergence from the same lines, you should have exit much earlier saving you a lot of profit!

--- 帖子 #1582 ---
Sorry, I mean developing devergence on the 5min and probably you could have seen it on the 15min as well.

You have te be carefull reading back the stories: real time isnt always that clear at first!

--- 帖子 #1583 ---
For Euro: The second setup at 17.55 or so was a weak setup.

The action was from the H4 Stochastics line; 1600 was a strong setup pointing towards the H4..

--- 帖子 #1584 ---
Oh dear..

Its no ET at all but the actual times on the chart; I think its Bulgarian time..

Could well be this fine 10Y Scottisch friend as well!

Cheers my friends, thats all!

--- 帖子 #1585 ---
I'm not going for some kind of journey but like to show some pitfalls I've seen today to finnish the story.

Brown vertical line is the time I usualy start trading.

I have to say I dont like trading monday morning and I started late today because of some malt wiskey from Sctotland last nigth..

I started around 1000u on the chart(0300ET). I read about the Greece downgrade and noticed the move down.

Here comes an important pittfall: when reading back the chart you see all green on the H4 but till 1040 chart time you would not see this. The color of the H4 till then was red!

I didnt see the situation live from 0930 chart time but I think this was a short on all colors before the downgrade, making it a nice entree with most of the action above the H4. The downgrade offcourse playing at your favor afterwards.

Next you see the white vertical line from 1035. Looking rigth now you dont see anything but real time this was all red! This was the time I just woke up and I almost pulled the trigger, thinking there was more downwards to come after failing resistance on the pivot..

How wrong I would have been.. I have to say it was a weak setup at this time but I could have taken this trade. But if had taken the trade, the next thing I saw was a green bar from 15min Stochastics. If I get such signals early in the trade I try to get out ASAP. I dont let them eat my stop but just take my loss. At the long term you save a lot of money playing like this, I ensure you!

I didnt trust the swich in this case: I dont like to go long after some downgrade for Greece you see..

--- 帖子 #1586 ---
First white vertical line on the chart you could have go short here but looking at the action: most of the action is below the figure and seeing the amplitude of the 15min Stochastics befor this one is probably just ranging..

It was.. but if you would have gone short: again you got early exit from the 15min chart and I almost always follow this rule.

For the next situation, 1315 chart time: weak setup moving from the H4. Could have been same small profit(note here that the H4 is red rigth now but real time it was still green at this point!). I didnt play again..

Last move at 1515: finaly a strong setup!!

Did I play this one? No, I didnt play at all because I had some dark forces around me and drunk to much wiskey last nigth!!

--- 帖子 #1587 ---
The chart from CHF I was talking about..

--- 帖子 #1588 ---
Do you use the 5 as the trigger kind of like spud taught in predictive stochastics or do you moreso use the elements of mtf stochastics which is moreso just the stochs in agreement with one another....just curious as to how you employ the five minute stoch...as I use it to look for additional confirmation and momentum of a move because I noticed that price moves with the five a lot so I had a lot of instances where the five would reach let's say a short trigger and by the time the others are turned down...it is already almost overbought or oversold and causes a larger drawdown...price a lot of times will move in the right direction but it will be a bumpier ride in a sense...or maybe that's just my experience...

--- 帖子 #1589 ---
Still dont use any of Spuds techniques, mainly because I think they lag a bit.

I'm just watching the smaller 5min TF chart to see if it makes sence and if there is more room to go for using (14,3,3)..

I think my own rules are more superior: you are in much faster and also out faster if you are wrong.

I take trades where 5min just was not overb/s in favorable situations as I leave them were they just were..

--- 帖子 #1590 ---
I traded this one on confirming news; played for the pivot down at 1.6165. Cashed just before the line..

--- 帖子 #1591 ---
Perhaps you are very rigth about this 5min Stoch; I've been thinking a lot about this.

It does spook me out many times if already overb/s..

Remembering Spuds words he only used 5min for a signal; perhaps better listen to him.

Its just the twist in me so much that I dont like those bigger Stops to use.

Still got all those scalping missery between my ears.

Took a while before I could dump the 1min chart as well for this reason(spooks you out even more!); perhaps its best to even drop this 5min chart as well!?

This big twist in me..

--- 帖子 #1592 ---
Having said that..

Most heavy pipping is done around this overb/s situation so if nothing materializes up here, it probably wasn't much of a trade anyway!

--- 帖子 #1593 ---
Why I took profit on the GBP so fast, not following my own rules?

Because I'm a bit of a coward as well and..

More bad habits from scalping probably!

--- 帖子 #1594 ---
You should try drawing trendlines on the 5 minute and 15 minute stoch in your stoch window and using that to help guide your trades and assess the situation as to whether you should hold or take profit at that trend line break...more times than not it does help...

--- 帖子 #1595 ---
I have to admit I feel very much like you in this.  It's quite a big change to move up to higher TimeFrames for me.

As you said: Still got all those scalping missery between my ears.

--- 帖子 #1596 ---
It's such a horrible feeling from those bad habbits of taken fast profit..

If I now look back at the GBP I feel realy sick!

--- 帖子 #1597 ---
skyline, could you please post the All Stochastic v1.2 source so I can add my own improvements ?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #1598 ---
hi Koopa,

not sure if this is of any help but I have the v.1.0 source

--- 帖子 #1599 ---
hi despichtt,

I tried a version which does the color change correctly backwards.

I just checked it very fast on the 5 min - so you would have to test it a bit more before using it in live trading.

But it looks quite ok.

--- 帖子 #1600 ---
Is there something wrong with the old stochastic color bars...???

--- 帖子 #1601 ---
I do not use it too much: but I guess it is fine. Probably despichtt knows it best.

See the post: http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...postcount=1570

the new version is just slightly different and should update the past bars also (at least I hope

--- 帖子 #1602 ---
Bit late, sorry; didnt do much today(hangover..).

Looks good again!

Not quite sure witch one to use anymore..

Its nice to look back for the running day and see how the situation looked when you were watching it real time; before correcting backwards.

On the other hand it gets a bit messy to see all the color changes when not correcting backwards.

If you look backwards in time on the colorbars(corrected situation), you know not all colors were the same for the real time situation.

Thanks again MJ!

--- 帖子 #1603 ---
hi despichtt,

that's the pain of choices

Anyway I did an improved Direction Alerter (someone else asked too) which might or might not be of interest to you.

I have posted it here: http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...&postcount=114

--- 帖子 #1604 ---
Couple of situations for the EUR today; included the rope; look at the vertical lines..

--- 帖子 #1605 ---
despichtt there our so many indis on this thread.

Which ones our u using, could u share ur indis or template.

--- 帖子 #1606 ---
The visual lines from Stochastics: #MTF Stochastics v2.0.mq4

Colorbar Stochastics: MTF_StochColorBars_mj_v1.00.ex4

For the rope I also use #MTF Stochastics v2.0.mq4; settings (6,1,3); (7,1,3)... (24,1,3)

--- 帖子 #1607 ---
thanks buddy

--- 帖子 #1608 ---
I don't mind but is there a good reason to use for the rope  #MTF Stochastics v2.0.mq4?

If you do not plot it on a different chart TF I would use the normal Stochastic. (or the one without values i posted in the other thread.)

--- 帖子 #1609 ---
Don't forget to reload the template after starting up MT4 if you're going to use the colorbars!

It will than correct the previous colorbars..

--- 帖子 #1610 ---
deleted because of next post

--- 帖子 #1611 ---
hi need a small help,

I based my ColorBar Stoch on this indi.

I was just playing around and added a #MTF Stochastic v2.0

And I noticed some differences.

Look at the picture: maybe I have just a mind block for a moment or it's because I'm on linux or the MTF Candle closes.

But when I look at the pic it does not look as I would expect it?

Maybe someone else could take a look at it.

I attached the two orig. indicators. (just changed color and default settings to 5 min.

So if you add both of them and look at it on a 1 min chart: that's what I did.

--- 帖子 #1612 ---
It shouldn't be orange because you are on the 1 minute chart looking at the bars for a 5 minute stochastic so it takes 5 1 minute candles until the 5 minute stochastic updates so what I see in this picture is that the last close of the 5 minute stochastic was pointed down and the M1 is reflecting it moving up representing the open portion of the 5 minute stochastic that would be wiggling around until the candle closes and so at the time when the next 5 minute candle would open the bar changes and shows the color for the now closed up 5 minute stochastic...so it is being displayed correctly...

--- 帖子 #1613 ---
yes, it's the MTF close.

Anyway: I added a option to show also Direction when the stoch is in overbought/oversold

ShowOnlyDirection=true

MTF_StochColorBars_mj_v1.03.mq4

--- 帖子 #1614 ---
I'm working on some new MTF Stochastic && ColorBars With interpolation.

Have to wait for live ticks so I can see the active candle.

I hope to address a couple of issues I did not like - but not sure if it really works

1.

I never used the '#MTF Stochastic v2.0.mq4' indi much because it did not draw till the active time. e.g. H4  ( I guess it was on purpose but I still did not use it)

2.

Other MTF Stochastics indis did plot till the active time but did not use interpolation so you had the 'steps' lines.: also did not like it too much.

So I mainly used multi charts with different timeframes.

3.

as 'pmullin86' pointed out the ColorBars Stoch does draw ok - but I still would like to have the option to plot it in accordance with an interpolated line.

I hope I can get it work: I'm by far not an advanced MT4 programmer.

--- 帖子 #1615 ---
Here it goes: UniversalStochastic_MainK_mj_v1.14.mq4

This is universal multifunctional stochastic.

As related to Spuds teaching: Only the K% Main Stochastic is calculated: (No D% line).

I hope it works as hoped for.

This will be my replacement for all stochastics I have used so far: No other one is any-more needed. (that's why: Universal)

Short Note of the options:

ShowBars=true : Displays color bars - if false it displays the Stoch Line

ConsiderColorOverBoughtSold=true;  Related to Bars Display: uses for Oversold/Overbought additional Color ( In that area there is no direction check)

If false: Direction Check is everywhere and only UP, DOWN, FLAT color are used.

UseInterpolation: Uses for stochastic interpolation - can also be used with Color Bars (probably quite useful)

Related to the next option: if Interpolation is enabled we readjust always Data correctly (Hopefully

ReAdjustDataForPastBars=true;  (if true Past Data are ReAdjusted (Line and Bars)

if false and no Interpolation is used: there should be no readjustment of Data (you see this only after some time with new data coming in (at first initialization all past data are correctly (hopefully)

set to false can be also a useful option

DontDisplayValuesAndSettings=false; if true: Values in the indicator window are not displayed: quite useful for instances where one uses multiple stochastics overlayed:

like the Rope or so MTF 4 or 5 stochastics.

Take a look at the pic for some more info

--- 帖子 #1616 ---
Here is an example which shows nicely what the difference to the old MTF Stochastic 2.

The extend of Higher TF till active ChartBar (I guess the other version was on purpose 'some might say that this extend is not correct: anyway I prefer it)

I attach the template for it in case someone wants to copy it. (uses UniversalStochastic_MainK_mj_v1.15

(the #MTFStochastic_mj_v2.0.mq4 was basically the original #MTFStochastic 2 small changes I did like remove the clock)

There is a bigger change to the original though: I will only display  stochs if the chart TimeFrame is NOT higher than the StochTimeFrame. (again some might dislike it: but I prefer it that way)

This template is for a M5 chart.

If you switch to higher periods you get a error alert.

--- 帖子 #1617 ---
Template MTF plus Rope

Rope is for any TimeFrame.

All of it uses only one universal stoch k% indi: UniversalStochastic_MainK_mj_v1.15

Hope this helps to get started. In case I do some template for Color Bars I might post one or the other.

But that's all so far I guess.

BTW: how nice the rope without the values all over

PS: you guys are aware that Spud later changed Rope Stochs to use 6-24,1,1 instead of 6-24,1,3(well this one follows the original with Slowing 3)

--- 帖子 #1618 ---
Sometimes it is difficult to see if a stoch is turning up or down. especially from Higher MTFs.

In this case an added Stoch Colorbar with same settings and Interpolation can make it easier to spot.

This example template uses the Interpolation and the Up/Down direction for the H4 Violet one

--- 帖子 #1619 ---
hi,

I did some more work on the Universal Stochastic. Highlighted the most important changes.

UStochastic_mj_v1.08.mq4

Other changes:

1. Shorten name to UStochastic (Universal Stochastic)

2. Less Warning alerts - some sensible adjustments internally.

3. Display more setting info

4. simplified code
5. Added four possible Alerts. Just a NOTE: you can use the alerters also with Bar display.
6. Added again D% Line to make it more universal (but it must be actively enabled)

7. Added option to disable DisableLowerStochPeriodAlert Warning: But still drop the display on purpose
8. Attached again an easy past copy template for MTF and Rope:

New_Example_MTF_and__Rope__mj.tpl

I don't know how resource intense my stoch version is compared to the plain one: if you have many charts with 30-50 stochs  who knows.

(so I would enable the DLine only if I really want to use it.)

___________________
ALERT INFO:

What does it mean:

CrossesAbove: Stoch was before AT or BELOW set value and is now above it.

CrossesBelow: Stoch was before AT or ABOVE set value and is now below it.

NOTE: one can also use decimal points as Spud did: e.g. 23.6,76.4

Alerter does only consider the Main K% Line

e.g. scenario:

1.
One wants to be alerted whenever the Stoch crosses above or below the 50 level

note19="==ALERTS CROSSES ABOVE==";

Alert1_CrossesAbove=50;

Alert2_CrossesAbove=0;

note20="==ALERTS CROSSES BELOW==";

Alert1_CrossesBelow=50;

Alert2_CrossesBelow=0;

2.
One wants to be alerted whenever the Stoch crosses above overbought level 80, crosses below overbought level 80

crosses below oversold level 20, crosses above oversold level 20

NOTE: That case was why I decided on 4 possible alerts.

note19="==ALERTS CROSSES ABOVE==";

Alert1_CrossesAbove=80;

Alert2_CrossesAbove=20;

note20="==ALERTS CROSSES BELOW==";

Alert1_CrossesBelow=80;

Alert2_CrossesBelow=20;

NOTE:  in the case above you can get a number of alerts if the stoch wiggle up and down the 80 (as you have set  CrossesAbove=80 and CrossesBelow=80)

TIP: if you play around with same StochPeriod/Slowing but different things like interpolation you can add something to: UniquePrefix to distinquish them in the Alert popup message.

___________

Picture shows the K% AND new D% line extended til active chart bar.

--- 帖子 #1620 ---
Note: it's worthy to check 'pmullin86' thread:

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=283291

--- 帖子 #1621 ---
Hi Guys,

I've been reading through this thread and have also tested this system a few times. I would like to know if its ok to just have the 5M, 15M and 30M Stoch Charts and Make trades if my Goal is just 8-10 pips per trade.

From what I gather from this System and Spud's explanation, We look at all the TFs to get the Max out of each trade and to Milk out as many pips possible. but if a guy had a $50k account  and is just looking to make 8-10 pips per trade, would it be ok to just look at the 5m, 15m and 30m Stochs

--- 帖子 #1622 ---
hi jacksonphili,

Spud tried to show some  ways/ideas to extend profit and I guess he probably did it quite well.

I'm not so sure if Spud was really teaching milking the market to  the maximum: he often refereed to 20 pips a day goal and his Pip bank  (if I remember correctly: it's  a long time I really read through the  thread)

But as in many threads the emphasis is more on the good setups (I also think that is correct - no point to show and teach only by failed examples .

But this gives often a kind of slightly distorted view: I can not speak for Spud, but I know from others (some have posted here) that after some time they move on because the success-rate was not what they expected.

Many people trade systems only from one chart so in general I would say 3 charts can work out quite well. But I would guess it depends what one really does on/with this 3 charts (or 1 chart).

BTW: making 8-10 pips is also not easy: as the final success will depend on many other factors: like success rate, how big is the SL loss if it really hits (e.g One  50 pis SL eats away 5 10 pips successes - also we pay spread cost which is in relation to smaller pips a higher percentage, Money Management etc. etc)

To give a closer answer to your question: I would say demo trade for a couple of month with 3 charts after that you will be able to give yourself some answer which will be more worthy than if 10 people tell you it will work. (or it won't work.

I wish you all the best on your trading journey

PS.
You might be also interested to follow 'pmullin86' thread: http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=283291

--- 帖子 #1623 ---
just a link in case someone is interested.  http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=287188

--- 帖子 #1624 ---
Small update:

In the meantime I was working  on some new related stuff: http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=285687

--- 帖子 #1625 ---
Note: some of my MT4 posted indies in this thread might not work correctly:

My new stuff is at: http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=285687

see also: MJ-Testing customary indicators  http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=303610

--- 帖子 #1626 ---
On m15 chart, I have loaded the MTF STOCH and set it at H1.

Question, is there a way to color the OB/OS of the MTF STOCH, and an alert/alarm will set off it crossed back to 80/20 zone again?

Thanks!   Chart will look something like this.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1627 ---
Hi

Strange to see your post in this very old discontinued thread. I have been working on this mtf stoch scalping. I just searching to find if there are any disadvantages in using the stoch mtf indicators. That is how I landed here. I wanted to open a new thread but for the minimum 5 vouvhes I could not start a thread. Perhaps I can revive and use this this abandoned thread to post my findings on this scalping method.

Are you a serious trader? are you trading live?

FxOptimu$

--- 帖子 #1628 ---
I have been trading live for a very small amount only.

Still looking for the CONSISTENT HOLY GRAIL  =)

Stumbled upon this "old" thread the other night, and was trying to see if "this is it"!

--- 帖子 #1629 ---
Yes, this is it. Just hang on. I have assembled a scalping method taking inputs from different forums based on mtf stoch. These forums have been trading successfully on their methods. Lot of efforts and time has gone into this. I am testing this method in live account in small lot size of 0.01. I find it is working fine. I will post details little latter tonight.

FxOptimu$

--- 帖子 #1630 ---
Thanks Fx-optimus!

Looking forward to your post on MTF STOCH.

--- 帖子 #1631 ---
Here goes. Indies and tpls attached. Use two EURJPY charts. Use M5 and H1 tpls. Just observe the market by keeping the two charts side by side. I will explain the significance of indies tomorrow. I feel sleepy. You can understand most of the indies. Also keep watching the charts and find out the entry and exit opportunities in M5 chart shown by the mtf_stoch. I will be bussy watching the market and trading tomorrow morning when the Asia session starts. I will respond when I get time in between the trades. Enjoysssssssss. Good Luck.

FxOptimu$

Note : I am unable to upload the screenshot. Will try tomorrow.

--- 帖子 #1632 ---
Hey Fx,

Will be interesting to see where you are heading with this. We have a mutual interest in another system on this forum namely Kos's "Still basketing"  I have been playing around with MTF stoch indi's to try and identify better entries trading the "core 5". Looking forward to your posts.

Regards

--- 帖子 #1633 ---
Welcome on board bro. With due respect to kos, the basket trading is very good. But there is no standard entry/exit rules to trade the basket. People are trying their own way and mostly all of them fail to make consistant profits. I was reading and testing a lot during the last few weeks to find out the best entry/exit for basket trading using the concept of cci+stoch_mtf combination given by kos. It turned out to be great and I am testing the method devised by me in the basket. I will formally post it there later. You are lucky enough to see this and have come here. Just download the indies and see the charts. With the templates on H1 & M5 charts placed side by side just keep on watching the EURJPY pair behaves and the cci+mtf stoch+macd indicators respond. You will get an idea where to enter and exit. I will give instructions to trade little later.

FxOptimu$

--- 帖子 #1634 ---
Thanks for the templates.

I just got a BUY alert signal on EURUSD, but not sure how to do it, just yet.

I hope I got the charts right  =)

--- 帖子 #1635 ---
Not EURUSD. It should be EURJPY. Just keep observing the M5 chart as the market develops momentum. I missed the early move this morning when the JPY market opened. I was sleeping. That was a 80 pip move.

Fx....$

--- 帖子 #1636 ---
Oh, I thought it can be plugged in any pairs.

Here's how my EURJPY charts looked like.

--- 帖子 #1637 ---
Two indies missing in the chart. Please check them and correct. If not I have updated my indi folder with corrections. I will explain everything shortly.

Fx...$

--- 帖子 #1638 ---
Redo it, and seemed like we have identical charts now ....  well, almost, unless you put the trendline on H1 manually.

=)

--- 帖子 #1639 ---
Hi Fx,

Waiting with baited breath to hear your spin on this. Ironically I have been playing around with ideas this weekend using mtf "arrows" on an offline core5 chart. Have noticed you have the 15m stoch on the 5m chart, interested to see how you deal with this as you need to wait 15 bars before that arrow is valid; by which time more often than not you have missed the move. I know you are aware of that so am looking forward to your take on it.

Regards.

--- 帖子 #1640 ---
Not 15 bars. It is only 3 bars. Opening of the 4th M5 candle make entry. I missed sell entry and there it has already moved down 30 pips. But there are lot many entry opportunities coming up in EURJPY. I am waiting to apply the same rule for basket trading. I will be trading both the basket and EURJPY. I am carefully drafting the entry and exit rules for this method. Just wait.

Fx....$

--- 帖子 #1641 ---
Hi Fx,

Sorry of course you are correct wait 3 bars on the 5m chart, don't know why I had a 1m chart in my head Anyways no rush, take your time there is no hurry

Regards.

--- 帖子 #1642 ---
Primary indies used :

MTF_Stoch : Black lines placed in M5 chart with M15 stoch.

CCI : White line placed in the same indicator window, with +200 & -200 levels in white.

MACD : Red line in the same window. The MACD plays a vital role in entry. Using MACD with Stochs was the original idea of Nanningbobs.

BIG Picture : Thanks to Favorite for this big picture idea to decide whether to go long or short. You must read his thred at

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...14566&page=169

Favorite M1 chart method of scalping is also good and he has been doing it successfully. You can understand the importance of deciding the trend at any point of time during the day trading.

ENTRY : All the above three indicators come together above the +200 or below the -200 level of CCI. Around this area there is first signal given be the mtf_stoch.

After the arrow appears just wait for the next two M5 candles complete. Opening of the 4th candle entry can be made.

EXIT : The MACD & the mtf_stoch will travel across to the other end straight or with some oscillation. Just hang on until these two reach the other side and there you exit the trade. You can also exit when the market crosses the Trend Magic indi.

If you patience, You can follow through the trade until the market crosses the HAS 2 9 2 12.

There were too many other indicators I gave earlier. Now I think all of them will confuse more. So I have minimized to what is just required for entry & exit in order to maintain the chart clean as also be KISS.

Fx....$

--- 帖子 #1643 ---
Hi Fx,

Thank you for the above. Need a little time to digest but initially I am wondering where the 1hr chart comes into play? Or is it simply surplus to requirements?

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1644 ---
H1 is a must. Based on the TDI & Heikenashi indies we decide to enter the trade even if the mtf_stoch gives the signal. So read the page 169 of Favorites scalping method.

Fx...$

--- 帖子 #1645 ---
Hi Fx,

Started to read about Babon and the bigger picture... after about 20 minutes I thought my head was about to explode  What ever happened to KISS, there has got to be an easier and simpler way to trade profitably than this surely to god.

Thank you but back to the drawing board for me.

--- 帖子 #1646 ---
Hi Fx-optimus,

Thanks for the template and explanation.

the HAS 2 9 2 12 supposed to be in 5m template or H1?

And for the entry you mentioned about CCI +200 and -200. Does that mean when the CCI is at +200 we look for sell trade, and vice versa for buy?

bny

--- 帖子 #1647 ---
The HAS 2 9 2 12 is to be placed in M5 to guide through the order already placed using mtf_stoch. And that is another option to exit.

The mtf_stoch & the MACD together meet above +200 or -200. That is the entry points. Please have a look at the picture I posted.

Fx...$

--- 帖子 #1648 ---
I can understand. Big picture is very important to scalping. As for Basket trading there is no big picture, because we are not scalping in basket. My entry rules holds good for entries in basket. I am waiting for an entry opportunity. I will post the entry in still basketing thread. Catch up the entry there. Basket trading is the best method provided you catch up with the entries at the right time.

Fx....$

--- 帖子 #1649 ---
Thanks Fx will do  Out of curiosity which time frame have you adopted for the basket H1, H4?

--- 帖子 #1650 ---
Wow, a blast from the past. I haven't gotten an update from this thread in ages!  I have to admit that I did have some success with MTF.  But it wasn't compatible my trading parameters and schedule at the time. I am interested still, and can currently see some possibilities with my current ideas. I unfortunately am still missing the MTF indicator on my chart with the cci. Can someone please post it for me? Much appreciated.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1651 ---
I have made the complete set of indicators into the template afresh and attached here. This must be the ultimate scalping tool. Those who stumble up on this thread looking for something are the luckiest to take this. However, there is a catch. This is not very easy for the newbies to absorb. There is lot of reading required.

This is actually Babon scalping method devised by Favorite in FF. To that I have added the MTF Soch+MACD+CCI. It is now very easy to trade the entire market moves 24 hrs. EURJPY, USDJPY, GBPJPY are the best pairs. GBPUSD & EURUSD can also be traded with this however trading hours are restricted during peak volatility.

You must read the Babon scalping method at the thread link I had given in my earlier post. All the indicators included here has importance in trading. Understand the method and just trade.

Please do not ask me questions. I am busy. I will post my trading entries with charts as and when I get time.

Goodluck

FxOptimu$

--- 帖子 #1652 ---
Four trades today's Asia session totalling 124 pips. The charts look impressive after the action had already been taken place. I will try and post real time trade entries as and when they happen. They may be profitable trades or could hit my stop loss. I am not expecting many traders to come here to this corner. I am doing this for my own satisfaction until I open my own thread or blog later some time. I hope spud's will not mind me using his thread as the method is based on mtf_stoch.

FxOptimu$

--- 帖子 #1653 ---
I haven't read much of anything on this thread yet, but I see that it is now active again, and I feel that I have A LOT I can contribute...

I might even start my own thread soon, but I use a system that is eerily similar to Spud's. It would be interesting to hear your guys thoughts and bring this thread back into the daylight... I have no doubts it is still one of the best around!

--- 帖子 #1654 ---
Hi

The thread is being continued by me as I find no other thread suited. The trading decision is primarily taken based on mtf stoch with additional support from Babon system of scalping. If you have anything to contribute to fine tune this method would be appreciated. Please read last few pages to understand. Anything related to mtf_stoch please you are welcome to contribute.

FxOptimu$

--- 帖子 #1655 ---
Fx-optimus

can you share what TF that you using? and what is the rules for the enter and exit? thx

--- 帖子 #1656 ---
I just saw your post now. The indies and the tpl are there in the previous page in one of my posts. This is a combination TMS+Babon+MTF Stoch methods put together. You decide trade direction and entry using TMS method in H1 or H4. Then using the Babon M1 chart template with MTF stoch make the trade entry. This is the most precise trade entry one can make. Take profit starts with 50 pips in H1 chart and the trade is carried forward in H4 to make anything from 100 pips to 300 pips in single trade. You spend some time reading TMS thread. I have attached the babon method along with indis. You will get an idea. TMS and babon are the two methods lot many traders are trading successfully. Add MTF Stoch to it to make the final call or to pull the trigger.

I am unable spend time here to post my trades. Whether anybody seeing this or not I will try and post my trades at least one every day. Thanks for showing interest here.

FxOptimu$

--- 帖子 #1657 ---
The only indicator I use to trade is stochastics. I don't see a need to use anything else, except maybe volume.

I've learned to trade stochastics successfully on any time frame as low as 1 minute, and through my trials and errors, I've learned (the hard way) that there is no magical indicator that can tell you what to do. The sooner you accept this, the sooner you can start to improve your trading. There are indicators that happen to work better than others (in certain situations), but the real "magic" lies in knowing how to use the indicators the "right" way, and also when.

And I am pretty sure the "right" way couldn't be more clear than in the title of this thread...

--- 帖子 #1658 ---
That is great. Can you please share your stoch method. Perhaps I may improve my trading. I just love the stoch.

FxOptimu$

--- 帖子 #1659 ---
you still use this im trying to do this whit very good results at the moment

--- 帖子 #1660 ---
Attached File(s)   #MTF Stochastic v3.0.mq4

7 KB
|
485 downloads

Hi smash could you please help me set up this mtf indi it only shows 1 tf ? -thankx

--- 帖子 #1661 ---
Ok, but give me a couple of hours bc I am busy at this moment.

If you you're lucky (and smart), you may catch on to a few of my secrets I may also share... and since you're here on this thread reading this, I can already tell that you're smart.

I will start by saying MTF stochastics is the best way that I know how to trade (combined with one other indicator), and I honestly don't think anything else can beat it.

It will serve as the core for the "holy grail EA" that I'm still working on.

I don't use an MTF stoch indicator but rather just an MTF setup containing the indicators I want. If you search through some of my past history and look at the charts I've posted, you'll see what I mean.

I'll try to add more soon, but if there's one thing I could and would suggest to anyone, it is do not shy away from the MTF method no matter how much it has  failed you, it is the real deal.

Learn how to use it correctly, and you may just have a holy grail for yourself.

--- 帖子 #1662 ---
Hi

Would you mind sharing that updated indi sto3 please ? And once you are ready smash will you tell me what other indicator please ? Im using stoch with varying success but still missing something... any help is appreciated

cheers

hannele

--- 帖子 #1663 ---
cool thank for your reply-- even though this thread seems dead is is calling my name '-) .

I was looking for the rope like indi from spuds other thread but it seems this thread has the indis in there own frames in mt4  -great pips to you

--- 帖子 #1664 ---
here ya go

--- 帖子 #1665 ---
Hi pip monkey

thank you but I meant the version that can show more than one time frame, after smash has fixed it, if it is ok with you

cheers

hannele

--- 帖子 #1666 ---
got this great rope style mtf stochastic indicator for 600 build - all  thanks go to mladen

--- 帖子 #1667 ---
made my first spud trade "5/15 min" last night on the usd/aud -made 100 pips easy as pie-. so will give this idea some more time and trades .will try to post live.

--- 帖子 #1668 ---
Hello Pip,

Good to see some new interest in Spud's stochastic theories, especially as you are making money . I am, however, a bit confused. Assuming that by usd/aud you mean that you made your first trade in AUDUSD, how did you manage to make 100 pips with a range of no more than 40 pips this week? Or did you make several trades both long and short?

Keep up the good work, nice to see this thread back in use, who knows, Spud might even re-appear?

TTFN

Merlyn

--- 帖子 #1669 ---
short audusd @ .9283 6:15 pst took screen shot at entry time- so far right candle

=

How read my Stoch setup--

Red line = 5min

Yellow line = 15 min

Small broken lines ---------------- = 30 min

Med broken lines --- - --- - --- = 1 hour

Long broken lines__ __ __ __ __ =4 hour

Set up for long is wait for the red line to cross 10 %

Enter trade when 15min yellow line turns up along with price

*price must be higher then when the red line first crossed 10%.----Messed up here on this trade :-0

**Reverse for shorts

##Exit when the 15min yellow line turns against the trade and bar closes.

--- 帖子 #1670 ---
I l bought a PIP is the smallest increment and it moved >.10 of a cent I could be wrong-- but bought 3 lots = 650 usd on demo in @ 92546 out @ 92668 ? on 1 trade only --see ya soon--

and yes where ya hiding spud man ? love your style

so intuitive and clear for me, unlike most fx systems that I can't seem to got my head around -peace and love all

--- 帖子 #1671 ---
great to see people still bumping in these thread as these method really teach me a lot.

--- 帖子 #1672 ---
“Stochastics is a momentum oscillator,” said Lane. -The Father of stochastics- “It doesn’t follow price, it doesn’t follow volume or anything like that. It follows the speed or the momentum of price. As a rule, the momentum changes direction before price.”
He made a comparison to a rocket speeding away from the Earth. Before the rocket can turn and head back to the ground again, it must first start to slow down.

here is the full interview

--- 帖子 #1673 ---
Closed @ 9277 gain 4.5 pips

--- 帖子 #1674 ---
Hello Pip,

Purely for the sake of clarity, when 5 (and 3 on some pairs) places of decimals were introduced into FX pricing the final number became a point, which equates to 1/10th or 0.1 of a pip.  Some platforms actually show the points in red or a smaller font size to lessen the confusion.  Your example above, therefore, equates to 92668 minus 92546 which = 122 points or 12.2 pips.

I hope that helps.

TTFN

Merlyn

--- 帖子 #1675 ---
Thank you pip

I shall test it and will let you know my thoughts.

cheers

hannele

--- 帖子 #1676 ---
thankx I should know more about my namesake

--- 帖子 #1677 ---
long setup in gbpusd

--- 帖子 #1678 ---
it is far more expense to lose 20 PIP stops 5-6 times because of spikes than one 50 PIP stop because of a bad trade~ spudfyre

--- 帖子 #1679 ---
Did someone say  DOWN ?

Attachment

--- 帖子 #1680 ---
Profit 67

--- 帖子 #1681 ---
I can tell you from personal experience that using the M5 as a building tool to predict the moves of the markets is mentally tough. Too often I drift off and put too much weight on what the H1 and H4 are doing...thinking my price will be attracted to where they were rather than where they are going.--Spud-- from p-1

here is a pdf of info from p-38 of this tread and templates to play with

--- 帖子 #1682 ---
Hi just looking at this old post, it looks interesting can it be used on Indices? Plus if on the 16.00 M15 candle the  stoch rises to buy which m5 candle do you buy on, the 16.15 open or on the 16.20 open candle? Hope that makes sense

--- 帖子 #1683 ---
Hi how do you drawer a trendline across all the stochs at the bottom at once?

--- 帖子 #1684 ---
i received another pm about this method " I would like to know if you have used MFT stochastic Spudfyre method and if it works." the answer is no I have never traded it with real $ .. and would go mad watching charts as closely as this method demands .. sorry noT too be more help and gl all ..

--- 帖子 #1685 ---
What do you think?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1686 ---
Entered short.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Got out with +10

--- 帖子 #1687 ---
Next Setup

Went to sleep on this one with a tp of 40 pips, sl off thirty, but I got stopped out. It did make it down to 40, but after a spike, thus knocking me up. If I had been awake, this would have been a win.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1688 ---
This is one of the most genius threads I've ever come across here on FF in the past 4 years and I hope we can revive it. .

--- 帖子 #1689 ---
Hi All,

anyone is still trading this setup? Is it still a profitable trading strategy?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #1690 ---
Now it's easier with these new indicators.

--- 帖子 #1691 ---
100% agree. Spudfyre is very special to me because he was the one I was reading 17 years ago when I just started dabbling in Forex. I am sure he is special to many. I wish he would hang around and whoop everyone into action.


===== 附件下载链接 =====

Stochastic_NoLastBar.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/162257?d=1225116808
STOCH_Bars_M#_v2.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/162953?d=1225241682
All Stochastic v1.0.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/163037?d=1225264964
All Stochastic v1.0.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/163038?d=1225264964
Stochastic_NoLastBar.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/164471?d=1225590094
#2 Bar Counter.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/165550?d=1225815967
# OTCFX_b-clock modified V3.2-sw.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/166393?d=1225954743
STOCH_Bars_M#_v2.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/167131?d=1226068599
Spudfyre%27s%20Escalator%20to%20Pips[1].pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/168180?d=1226373641
spud_mtf_rules[1].pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/168181?d=1226373641
Stochastic_NoLastBar.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/168246?d=1226390037
Spudfyers Predictive Stochs Pt. 1.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/168255?d=1226391674
Spudfyers Predictive Stochs Pt. 2.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/168256?d=1226391674
STOCH_Bars_M#_v2.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/169320?d=1226560636
#MTF Stochastic v2.0.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/169415?d=1226572169
All Stochastic v1.0.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/169416?d=1226572180
#MTF_FibBreakout1[1].3.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/169607?d=1226602857
Stochastic_NoLastBar v2.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/169688?d=1226615041
Stochastic_NoLastBar v3.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/170254?d=1226744045
All Stochastic v1.2.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/170349?d=1226791921
STOCH_Bars_M#_v2.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/170356?d=1226793109
Stochastic_5M+15M.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/170385?d=1226805045
Stochastic_5M+15M.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/170386?d=1226805045
Spudfyers Predictive Stochs Pt. 3.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/170390?d=1226809377
All_Stoch_indi_NoAlert.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/170505?d=1226858933
All_Stoch_indi_NoAlert.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/170506?d=1226858933
Perintis[DIGISTOCH].ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/170732?d=1226915292
Perintis[DIGISTOCH].mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/170733?d=1226915292
OnChart_Stochastic_Channel_(FL_MTF).ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/170735?d=1226915362
OnChart_Stochastic_Channel_(FL_MTF).mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/170736?d=1226915362
AAD (Spuds StochThreads) v.1.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/170873?d=1226936410
Spuds Stochastic Thread Theory.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/170884?d=1226938553
rope.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/171307?d=1227012474
rope.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/171630?d=1227060834
Spuds Rope Method.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/171695?d=1227073700
sonicpmtfs.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/172208?d=1227154155
Stochastic_NoLastBar v3.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/172513?d=1227199360
MultiStochastics.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/172548?d=1227203590
SONIC PMTFS.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/173178?d=1227343657
InsideBar.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/173351?d=1227418975
InsideBar.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/173352?d=1227418992
Crossover Stochs v1.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/174310?d=1227613402
Crossover Stochs v1.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/174325?d=1227615611
Spud_sPMTFStochasticsCombinedCrossTrading_v1.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/175322?d=1227785163
Spuds MTF Stochastic Combination.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/176290?d=1228104881
PossibleLONGEntries.txt: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/177070?d=1228244746
PossibleEntries2.txt: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/177085?d=1228248418
STOCH_VISUAL_MTF.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/177478?d=1228327391
MultiTimeFrameClosedCandleHelp.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/177267?d=1228293668
STOCH_VISUAL_MTF.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/177477?d=1228327340
Stochastic_NoLastBar.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/177516?d=1228334085
All Stochastic v1.0.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/177517?d=1228334167
Stochastic_Cross_Alert_for_priceline.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/177578?d=1228346316
All Stochastic no Last Bar v1.0.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/177721?d=1228375237
Priceline In Extremis.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/177931?d=1228410905
#Stoch Limit Bars.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/178117?d=1228440611
#Stoch Comb Limit Bars.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/179111?d=1228696835
Stochastic Elasticity.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/181715?d=1229103306
Stochastic Elasticity.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/181716?d=1229103321
Spuds MTF Stochastic Combination.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/181849?d=1229163880
MACD_Colored_v102.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/181867?d=1229181428
spud dynamik filter m5.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/181868?d=1229181593
spud dynamik price m5.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/181869?d=1229181607
spud dynamik.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/183965?d=1229603620
MACD trad.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/183966?d=1229603636
MACD trad.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/183967?d=1229603643
All Stochastic v1.0.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/183968?d=1229603658
All Stochastic v1.0.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/183970?d=1229603665
#MTF Stochastic v2.0.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/183971?d=1229603672
#MTF Stochastic v2.0.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/183972?d=1229603678
Fast Stochastic.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/184215?d=1229629755
DME_HM_5Stoch1Line.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/188531?d=1231263818
Stochastic_Standard_4TF_cja.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/190851?d=1231815191
stoch 4tf cja.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/190852?d=1231815191
Spud Dynamik.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/196672?d=1233005967
Spud Dynamik.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/198562?d=1233336871
Color Stochastic v1.02.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/653195?d=1299150007
MTF_StochColorBars_mj_v1.00.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/653655?d=1299183574
MTF_StochColorBars_mj_v1.00.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/653656?d=1299183574
__STOCH__INDICATORs__.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/653672?d=1299184761
TrendAndHLine_Alerter_mj_v1.01.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/654363?d=1299265850
TrendAndHLine_Alerter_mj_v1.01.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/654364?d=1299265850
All Stochastic v1.0.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/658775?d=1299827016
MTF_StochColorBars_mj_v1.02.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/660989?d=1300145034
MTF_StochColorBars_mj_v1.02.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/660990?d=1300145034
#MTF Stochastic v2.0.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/662555?d=1300311902
MTF_StochColorBars_mj_v1.00.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/662556?d=1300311920
Color Stochastic v1.02.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/663835?d=1300456644
#MTF Stochastic v2.0.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/663836?d=1300456644
MTF_StochColorBars_mj_v1.03.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/663849?d=1300458725
UniversalStochastic_MainK_mj_v1.14.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/664679?d=1300685580
MTF_Example_mj.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/664978?d=1300717901
#MTFStochastic_mj_v2.0.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/664979?d=1300717926
UniversalStochastic_MainK_mj_v1.15.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/664980?d=1300717926
MTF_Example_Rope__mj.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/664996?d=1300719675
UniversalStochastic_MainK_mj_v1.15.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/664998?d=1300719723
MTF_Example_InterpolatedDirectionBar__mj.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/665017?d=1300721162
New_Example_MTF_and__Rope__mj.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/665766?d=1300813606
UStochastic_mj_v1.08.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/665767?d=1300813699
#MTF Stochastic v2.0.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1236290?d=1374158489
tpl.rar: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1237720?d=1374427465
Optimu$calp.rar: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1238066?d=1374484476
optimu$_5.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1238182?d=1374499242
HAS 2 9 2 12.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1238197?d=1374500139
Babon$calper.rar: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1240740?d=1374775562
optimu$calp.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1240742?d=1374775617
#MTF Stochastic v3.0.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1487478?d=1407813697
#MTF Stochastic v3.0.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1487514?d=1407817575
All time frame stochastic.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1488185?d=1407870085
George Lane-Father of Stochastics.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1488410?d=1407899368
Attachment: https://www.forexfactory.comhttps://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1606858
SONIC PMTFS.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1661483?d=1429902747
sonicpmtfs.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1661484?d=1429902806
##@@.14.3.3.stoc.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1661501?d=1429903932
4TF Stochastic arrows alerts.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3661003?d=1591841975
5TF Stochastic arrows alerts.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3661004?d=1591841975
