===== 帖子内容 =====

--- 帖子 #1 ---
I think its funny everyone is always speaking

of the Holy Grail. of trading "if I just get the right 10 tools"

the big boys know the tools don't really matter

You want to win?

They all say find a set up & use one tool as a trigger. ONE TOOL !!

But they also know the H.G. of trading is time frame trading

They never use more then 2 tools (any number of MAs count as 1 tool)

But they use 2- 3 or more time frames

& 1 or 2 tools on those time frames.

The tools really don't matter

see for yourself use your favour tool

or just try one of the following

a. Sars b. 5/6 Ema cross c.5/5 open/close Ema cross or any other MA set

d. Stoch what ever setting you like e. MACD

and put it on 3 time frames a. day b 4 hour c. 30 min (or hour)

and watch for all three to line up & you will win!! like 90-95%

take the day tool off & you will still win like 85-90% of the time

some tools are better then other & some are easier to work with.

But not by much

Attached Image

30 min chart

the Big blue line shows the trend from the day Stoch is up

the small blue line shows the trend from is 4 hour stoch is up

the Blue arrows are from the 30 min stoch below and show the trend is up

just try it for yourself -

the problem with this Idea is its hard to sell ebooks & make a lot of money!!!

--- 帖子 #2 ---
Wow did someone ever change the name of that posting fast!!!!!

HEEHEEHEE

--- 帖子 #3 ---
LOL yeah that was me.  the "holy grail" title is so cliche it hurts my eyes LOL.

--- 帖子 #4 ---
Not a very sexy tittle

if you don't like the Holy Grail

Can we change the tittle  to

" the only System you will ever need to
make $10000,0000 dallors
this year & more next?"

--- 帖子 #5 ---
mate start a journal and let us know when you make 1,000,000

I'm sure nobody will hate you for it

--- 帖子 #6 ---
Do you suggest using the 50EMA as in your other post?

--- 帖子 #7 ---
Sure - I use it

But you don't need it.

--- 帖子 #8 ---
Attached Image

30min chart

Using the sars Likely the hardest to use

thin blue in from 4 hour Sars

BIg blue line from day sars

Arrows are the sars on the 30min charts - the chart itself

(the order of the 3 doesn't make so much differance )

But if you get the Day & the 4 hour sars going the same way

that might be all you need !  your risk tolerance?

--- 帖子 #9 ---
Hey TEB, could you do me a favor, My eyes are old and I cannot see the detail in that chart. could you post it this way

right click in the chart area and then Save as Picture. then select 600 x 600, then upload that image.. it will remove all the non necessary stuff and make the chart easier to see... thanks scott

--- 帖子 #10 ---
You are so right about this.  It is not the indicator or indicators you use but using the same indicator(s) on multiple time frames.  If they agree on multiple time frames the probability of success is extremely high.

I know this and I (theoretically) practice this, and it is every time that I violate my own rules that I get burned.

The only improvement that I would suggest is that you look at the relationship between the volatility of the pair and the time frames you select to apply to it.  In my experience, the more volatile the pair, the shorter the time frames I use successfully.  You might want to take a look at this some time.

--- 帖子 #11 ---
What pair do you use with what time frames with?

--- 帖子 #12 ---
okay I have also came to the conclusion that using one or two indicators in different time frames work. I'm still playing with the TF but do not go shorter than 1 hr and want to stick to not longer that 4hr, afraid I will get in to late in a trade.

The Q that I have is, as I understand using a EMA, example 5 and 10 cross, it will stay the same over different TF, but what about Stochastic or RSI, do you use the same settings ie Stoch 14.3.3 on hr and the same settings for 4 hr.

tx

--- 帖子 #13 ---
the setting I use as a trigger on the Stoch is 5,3,3

I use 30min, 4 hour,(day)

I find 15min or less to crazy

getting in a little late is in fact good

no one wants to be the 1st to the party!

--- 帖子 #14 ---
nah that wont work either

--- 帖子 #15 ---
Well I Ain't Bouncin'

I use Stochastics, MA's, PP and channels, and that is really enough to trade profitable. The rest depends on money management and trading psychology. Period.

Oh, forgot to add:

TF's are 15min, 1h, 4h and daily

--- 帖子 #16 ---
For me using MTTF, I stay with 5,3 cross for all TF. Without using MTTF, I use first window 5,3,3  Second window 20, 10 cross and third window 50,10 crosss. The slowing, it is not so important for me.

I think this way of entry is really good. I also combine  entry/exit in relation to how close the MA21,62 or R/S/Pivot/Fib. retr. are at the moment of entry/exit. The mention points are also go for placing S/L.

An example is my today's exit of sell EUR/USD at MA62 next to S1.

--- 帖子 #17 ---
But that is the point

you are using only Stochs

and only  2 or 3 TF's  30 min 4 hour (day)

--- 帖子 #18 ---
What is MTTF?

I find the stochs on the real chart are not the same as when you try to

make them fit on an other time frame

I have tried it - & its not as good

--- 帖子 #19 ---
A screenshot of my holy-grail system, very simple to understand

http://img59.imageshack.us/img59/201/workspacetg3.gif

--- 帖子 #20 ---
How many monitor screens do you have to use to fit it all in and have it big enough to see?

--- 帖子 #21 ---
I think I just damamged my eyes. ... That's better.

--- 帖子 #22 ---
You need to warn people who are prone to seizures not to look at that chart!

--- 帖子 #23 ---
Attached Image

30 min chart

Big blue line Day chart stoch

little blue line 4 hour chart stoch

blue arrows  30 min stoch

I will exit when the 4 hour stoch cross

like I said the holy grail

--- 帖子 #24 ---
Attached Image

30 min

just came back to the charts

I didn't chech if the 4 hour had crossed

it had

red line is the 4 hour cross of the stoch

( there should be two more arrows on that chart

not sure where they went- see the last chart

but the last arrow on the other chart I should not have bought

I made a few pips anyway - sometimes its better to be juckly then good)

I am out

--- 帖子 #25 ---
An example: GBP/USD ( My opinion )

A break below of ema8 in 1hr will likely reverse all the stoch direction for a short scalp-

--- 帖子 #26 ---
Attached Image

30 min chart

big (1st line) blue line day stoch -up

thin (2nd) blue line 4 hour stoch- up

thin red line 4 hour stoch -down

blue arrows 30 mins stoch - up

enter sign

"X" exit sign

--- 帖子 #27 ---
Do you pull the trigger immediately on the cross of the stoch or wait for a new 30 min candle to open?

--- 帖子 #28 ---
wait for the candle

is the system working for you?

would any one like to get a trading group going?

ie. the USD CHF is worth a look maybe a little late now to get in

but a lot of eyes would see more !

--- 帖子 #29 ---
Sounds like you have a good idea there.

You need to take a look at the Aussie. Got in when the daily crossed, as well as the 4H and 30M.  Already +17 pips.

You might want to take a look at cable, the 4H has crossed and the daily is heading in that direction.  It should not take much more of a drop for the daily to cross.

--- 帖子 #30 ---
I need some more practice trading your system before trading live. What are your objectives as a group?

--- 帖子 #31 ---
I was just thinking eyes in the skys so to speak

also its a lot more fun trading with others?!

we will all learn more from each other of coarse !

--- 帖子 #32 ---
There are several good reasons, and partly because many of us cannot spend all of our time at the computer, and anyway I do not know anyone who follows ALL the pairs.

Frankly I do not trade the Aussie, but I do know that it has a HUGE resistance at .8000 and did not really think that it would be able to get past it.  It should result in something like a 300 pip drop.  It is bouncing a little right now, which may afford another good entry, but otherwise everything looks good.  Using Boxingislife's multiple stochastics on multiple time frames shows the same good pattern.  Also there is a large pin bar.  How much more confirmation of a trade would you want?

--- 帖子 #33 ---
Can you set up multiple stoch in the 30 min tf (have the daily, 4hr, 1hr) in MT4? That would good not to flip back and forth.

--- 帖子 #34 ---
Use MTTF

--- 帖子 #35 ---
You magical wizzzzzz... what is a simple system to use where an average Joe can make a decent amount of pips? Thanks muchly

--- 帖子 #36 ---
Thanks highway. It was under the impression that it would show multiple stoch (1hr, 4hr, daily) all in one window. The 2 on top are not part of the indicator you attached. Is the correct?

--- 帖子 #37 ---
All Stochs pointing down.

Short entry for both Eur/Usd and GBP/USD at break of SMA8 closed with a good scalp. EUR/USD unlikely to break below yesterday low; I think. But I need to sleep now. It is 4am in Europe.

Total 3 trades. Eur/Usd - GBP/USD - Long Usd/jpy at break of yesterday's high. ALL positive for the night.

Hope everyone got good pips too.

Goodnight

--- 帖子 #38 ---
You need to put in the settings the time.

5, 15, 30, 60, or 240 etc

--- 帖子 #39 ---
You can put more or less anything you want in the same indicator window just by dragging it from the navigator window into the indicator window you already have open.

If you are going to do this, then I suggest making each time frame stochastic  different colours.  You can do this in the colour window of the indicator.  You can set the timeframe on the stochastic in the input window of the indicator.

--- 帖子 #40 ---
I have found it is not quite the same!

I have done tasts on the real charts with the "lines" you see on the charts

& they do not come out at the same place as when you put them all on one time frame.

I know its a little more work the way I do it but it also wins more -

it seems to get in and out about one candle better ,

- more pips= on the eur in the test I did about 40 trades with both ways

& it worked out to 4-7 pips per trade more the way I do it!!

that is what I HAVE FOUND

--- 帖子 #41 ---
You probably are right TEB. I suggest everyone who is still new in this to follow TEB's way. Me personally, I do not wait for all the time frame to agree. I look for candle formation ( bullish/bearish ), other S/R etc and then enter without waiting for the last timeframe to agree; provided the colors in the last time frame converges.

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...5809#post45809

Using James16 's PA and stoch makes a good combination for me.

--- 帖子 #42 ---
I did a backtest on EURUSD from 1/25-today.

1. Just using the closing values of the bar after the stochs cross.

2. Only using the daily and 4hr stochs for trade initiation.

3. Close position when they cross back.

21 Total trades  17 wins/4 losses.   76% win ratio

Net pip gain including 2 pip spread.  718 pips

Largest Gain  - 101

Largest Loss  - 3

Not conclusive by any means just trying to be helpful.

Not bad for 8 weeks worth of work!

--- 帖子 #43 ---
i have put the mttf stoc on chart using gbp/jpy which i see as a great weapon for pips even though the stocs look a little distorted looking from 30 min chart values are correct so when daily and 4 hr line up u wait for 30 min for the trigger take a look this trade generated 250 pips

--- 帖子 #44 ---
Wow TEB63.

You discover something good here.

jarcrocker, thanks for the backtest.

This thread is hot.

--- 帖子 #45 ---
This system is very simple.

You can even trade just the 4HR stochastic with the 30M timeframe.

This is a great! I hope somebody will backtest it from 1 year atleast.

30M TF and 4HR stochastics compliments each other.

Kudos to you TEB63.

--- 帖子 #46 ---
It is also amazing using Daily on a 4H with GBP/US. IMHO nothing can be this good. Something has to be wrong. Forward tests to find out. Fingers crossed!

--- 帖子 #47 ---
I believe the longer timeframe helps a lot to see the true trend and by

entering at a low timeframe you can maximize the pips with less whipsaw.

If you like scalping, you can try 1M timeframe in a 30M or 1HR stochastics.

I looked at some of the previous candlesticks and it was a winner.

--- 帖子 #48 ---
jarcrocker, what platform are u using. i ask because i use fxdd and the start times for the daily and 4 hr might be different from the one you used to do the backtest below. i want to duplicate your results and do more backtests.

thanks

--- 帖子 #49 ---
I'm beginning to like this thread

--- 帖子 #50 ---
Attached Image

3 min chart

TEB System rules!

--- 帖子 #51 ---
Attached Image

3min chart

TEB system rules!!

--- 帖子 #52 ---
Attached Image

30 min chart

The day line the BIG BLUE one

is not really on this chart it is to far back to be seen

TEB SYSTEM RULES

--- 帖子 #53 ---
Attached Image

30mins

I am watching it

& I like what I see

TEB system rules!!

--- 帖子 #54 ---
sorry I can not seem to make this work!!

--- 帖子 #55 ---
I just meant on that one chart.. I am happy.. thanks Scott

--- 帖子 #56 ---
Looks interesting. Thanks TEB 63.

Do you wait for the candle to close before you enter a trade, or do you go in, even half point throught the bar (talking about 30min charts).

--- 帖子 #57 ---
I have been doing this for awail so sometimes I go in early.

I did here on the EJ I am now up 11 pips if you waited till the candle closed

you would be up 6 pips.

But until you get a feel for the TEB system

I would say wait till the candle closes it is way safer

--- 帖子 #58 ---
Thanks for the reply. I'll start using your suggestions tomorrow. Just to make sure I have it straight:

I use Stochastic (5,3,3) on a 30min chart and only open trades that are in agreement with the 4H Stochastic (again 5,3,3). I'll let you know how it goes if you want.

Tha pairs I trade are mostly. GBP/USD and GBP/JPY

--- 帖子 #59 ---
Stoch setting is right

I use candles as well of coarse

You may want the day chart as well

you can do it with use the two but its a lot safer with the 3

the day chart is the "covering chart" keeps you safe from DIVERGANCE!!

The 4 hour chart is "the trending" chart

the 30min chart is "the trading" chart

the pair you trade are wild!! I like them too -

not so must with this though

I have done it on the GBP/USD - work fine the other major seem earier

but less reward as well!

I have not tried it on the GPB/JPY

Ya let me know how you do!

--- 帖子 #60 ---
Thanks. I will use a daily Stoch as well and not trade against it. So everytime I see an entry on the 30mins that agrees with the others, I am in.

By the way, I love G/Y but it can be very dangerous for my taste. This is why I use only very small lots with it (way smaller than what I use with G/U).

--- 帖子 #61 ---
Big news out from the US in 30mins

And I am not trading news at this time

so I will be back at later

PIP PIP

--- 帖子 #62 ---
North Finance

--- 帖子 #63 ---
I don't really think it matters as long as you do the same each time,

you might get a little diff signs then I do

but it will all work out.

--- 帖子 #64 ---
do you think it matters much if 30 min stoc is used if daily and 4 hr are lined up

--- 帖子 #65 ---
Hi Guys,

just a heads up for an observation I made in your screenshots that **might** make it looking a little better than it actually is.

Please don`t take this as critisism. I just try to point out a source of a possible error which can be avoided.

Problem:

If you draw the line on the daily chart when a stoch cross gets confirmed, you have to draw the line on the new bar that just started building.

If you draw it on the bar thar that just closed, and you switch to the 30 min timeframe, the line on the 30 min chart will appear in the beginning of the day that confirmed the cross. Which is completely wrong and might lead to successfull backtesting when actually it is not.

Same for 4 hour lines.

GBP/JPY just confirmed crossed stochs on 4H. I took screens to illustrate what I mean

4H chart confirmed cross:

--- 帖子 #66 ---
And here how the same line draws on the 30m chart:

(the line should be at the 12:00 bar on the 30 min chart)

And if you use the MTF indicator to draw the lines, you obviously have todraw it t the end of the longer timeframe period, not where the actual cross happened on the MTF indicator.

--- 帖子 #67 ---
thats correct thats why i use the 3 mmtf stoc and wait till they line up so i get actual levels of agreement in real time anyone else do this

--- 帖子 #68 ---
You can go in likely

The 30min stoch is just give you a better enter sign - that is all

I have found anything less then 30mins is just to wild

--- 帖子 #69 ---
I tried it- it works good

but I found it is still not as good as doing by hand

--- 帖子 #70 ---
what i meant was if daily is showing say up and 4 hr candle closes up to agree with daily why not enter there in stead of waiting for 30 min to line up most of the time in my looking back it already crossed on 30 min

--- 帖子 #71 ---
sure you can -

but if you want for the 30 min stoch to line up

4 out 5 times you will still get a better point to enter

--- 帖子 #72 ---
notice the long tail on the 30 min candle on the EUR/USD!

And the stoch!

--- 帖子 #73 ---
TEB,

Is it better to wait until the 4hr stoch falls below 80 or raises above 20 before going to the 30 min to trade?

--- 帖子 #74 ---
either way i have looked back on charts and it has shown tremendous wins especially the gbp/jpy this technique in reality is basic analysis i learned when i first started trading but didnt get it then i get it now trading on 30 min chart with higher timeframe trend is always the way to go i dont see any potential for whipsaws with this because of the higher timeframe stocs

--- 帖子 #75 ---
for sure- esp. in normal space & time

But what we are really trading now is the after math of the news

so it changes the rules a little

--- 帖子 #76 ---
Again for sure!

remember, that what we are really trading is on 4 hour chart- that is the "trending chart"

that is why the system is so strong.

the 30 min chart just gives you better enter & exit points!

So what you are doing sounds great

keep going!

--- 帖子 #77 ---
Hehe, what makes you so excited about E/U?

According to your rules it should be a sell. But I find the chart loks pretty ugly to trade.

This is what I see:

--- 帖子 #78 ---
you are right I mean & did sell sorry

where did I say to buy? I will change it?

I am up 6 pips sorry 7 but it is ugly

that is why Eyes in the sky are good

--- 帖子 #79 ---
based on your chart the euro is not a sell yet the 4 hr is not lined up with daily

--- 帖子 #80 ---
No, check the 4H chart, last candle crossed for a sell and is confirmed now.

The pending current candle crossed back for now, but is pending.

The second red vertical lne is the confirmed 4H cross down.

--- 帖子 #81 ---
Okay : you are right - but we are in news time now- a little rule change

News in the long run - 9 out of 10 times has no long term effect on the market

- only interst rate stuff does- really

so what I do is I take the 4 hour stoch back to before the news

wait 15-30mins & look to go the way the market was before the news

esp if the news pushs the price the wrong way it is great

-- the stochs tell me where price really should be?!

so I buy when the day & 30 min & the stoch from before the news all line up!

does that make sence?

But you have to get a feel for it - it not part of the system proper  - a side line

--- 帖子 #82 ---
Dan,

What input did you use to get the MTF stoch for the daily?

--- 帖子 #83 ---
I used 5,3,3 on all timeframes.

I start to wonder if we talk about the same.

Do we wait for confirmed crosses or not?

If not, we can just use the MTF in realtime.

--- 帖子 #84 ---
what charting system are you using?

what I do is use one chart

& move the time frames

I put a line on it to show me where it is on that time frame

& them move down to the the 30 min chart

the two lines you see on my charts are

- the big one is from the day chart stoch

- the thin one from the hout chart stoch!

- the arrows are the 30 min stoch

again I find it better to do it by hand then to have the system do it

it worked out at 5.4 pips per trade over the 43 trades

I did both in trading to see if they were the same

- but both ways were winners big time

does that help you

--- 帖子 #85 ---
I prefer to have all three on one chart. This is why I use the MTF Stochastic. I guess, the end result is the same, right?

--- 帖子 #86 ---
Using MT4. Dan has the daily setup in the picture above. What value did you use to get it to show on the 30 min time frame. I tried D but it's a no go.

--- 帖子 #87 ---
both ways win!!

--- 帖子 #88 ---
Oh, thats what you mean.

You hae to put 1440 for daily. (minutes)

--- 帖子 #89 ---
Catched a nice wave on GBPJPY ^_^

I need to hold for another 13 minutes for ema cross to be confirmed, then I'll be ready for some PIPS ^_^ hopefully

--- 帖子 #90 ---
And the short E/U signal I posted earlier is starting to look better.

I just dont like the choppy chart the past few days.

--- 帖子 #91 ---
Maybe but it is late in the trading day in Europe-  japan has a holiday

& price has fallen alot on the 4 hour chart

& I still think its ugle - & I have no idea where it is going

I closed out the E/U trade i had a few mins ago with 18 pips & I am gone for the day

Good day

--- 帖子 #92 ---
Thanks! I looks like you could miss out on some good trades if you wait for 4hr and daily to agree.

--- 帖子 #93 ---
`

Think the other way

look for a pair where the 4 hour & the day are moving right for you.

then do the 30 min stoch- screen your trades!

don't get tied to one pair!

But - just do one or 2 pairs a day

you don't need to make a lot of trades in a day

just a few good ones!

--- 帖子 #94 ---
Hi TEB,

Good work!.

Kindly share your template.

thanks,

Vasu

--- 帖子 #95 ---
Go back to the start of this Thread

I believe that is what you are looking for

--- 帖子 #96 ---
TEB63,

I got your system explanation. It will be great if you can share your templates for all 3 time frames.

thanks and regards,

Vasu

--- 帖子 #97 ---
it just has a slow stoch on each time frame

they are all set at 5.3,3

it is very simple

I think that is what you want?

--- 帖子 #98 ---
TEB,

Would you trade the above with the daily heading down and 4 hour heading up for long positions on the 30?

--- 帖子 #99 ---
the 4 hour chart is the main chart I use

The day I use just to keep out of problems

I do trade when the day is not in agreementwith the other 2

if it all looks good "?"

its a high win with or with out the day chart

just higher with the day chart

but the holy grail of trading is when you have all 3

just two is real good trading!

IF YOU USE JUST TWO TIME FRAMES

candles & price action & price possition

is way more important

see TEB simple system- thread

--- 帖子 #100 ---
Attached Image

candle formation!! is worth a look!

its the big big tail!!

buts a funny time of the day

--- 帖子 #101 ---
Attached Image

30 min chart

likely be able see this one!

--- 帖子 #102 ---
Teb,

Can you post the template you are using? I'm having a hard time getting the separate time frames stochs to show on one chart. I think some others are too. Thanks!

--- 帖子 #103 ---
I don't do that - I do it by hand

I do one chart per pair

& move the time frames on it

I start with the day time frame

& draw a line where the stoch crosses (fat line)

then move to the 4 hour - (the day line is still on it)

I then place the thin line on the 4 hour chart where the stoch crosses

I then move to the 30 min - (the 2 lines are still on it)

& I have the 30 min stoch which I put the arrows from

the charts I use are MT4 & OANDA

& you can move the time frames & still keep the lines one

others do have programs you can get all three

but I have tried a few & they work

but I fould doing it by hand is still better

--- 帖子 #104 ---
Hi Teb,

nice approach, I also use 3 TF's simultaneously on one screen M1, M15 or 30 and H4 but mainly use fibos. I'm trying to adapt your stoch metod, maybe EMAs also to find daily trend and not play against it.

Do I get it right that for example let's take yesterday on Cable (I only trade Cable), Daily stoch shows uptrend in March, yesterday stoch signaled @ 0300 GMT on M30 and H4 so this would be your entry point? When do you exit? Would you take another trade @ 1000 and 1500 GMT?

How many pips do U scalp each trade and how many trades per day do you get (arrows = trades??)? I'm tired of catching 100+ pips moves per day and now i look for quick trades, jump into running train with 25 pips TP and get out at the first train station  Wait for another. Just not to get caught without a ticket

Best regards

--- 帖子 #105 ---
Just a few thoughts of what I have found!

does anyone have their own wisdom they would like to add!Forex is great but you trade at your own risk! Not mine! Find a good honest broker that doesn’t bet against you-I use OANDA Candles work- I don’t think they should! I don’t know why they do - they just do!  The more tools you use the more you lose! One or two is lots-really! Multi-Time frames are the key to trading forex. The higher the time frame the easier it is to see the trend & so trade.  Use lower time frames as for buy & sell signs. Learn as much as you can from anywhere you can. KISS works best ( keep it simple smarty)  Follow the trend- till you can don’t trade!!! Follow your trading plan- till you can don’t trade!!! Learn to draw Trend lines - Support & Resistance & Channels- Its money in the bank. You will have loses – So have a stop loss always - I use 35 pip SL. Don't be the 1st one to the party- Don't be the last one to leave the party.  You don't have to get every "pip-pip" to have fun EUR/USD, USD/JPY, USD/CHF, EUR/JPY Are the easiest to trade and in that order  Price is a false mistress- momentum is a faithful wife!!

--- 帖子 #106 ---
I go out normal in stages

I normal go in 3 or 4 lots

1st lot 10 pips +spread & out

2nd lot 25 pips+ spread & out

3rd (4th) lot I move the sl up to 5 more then I buy in for

& I do as I like in the exit

1.by candles

2 the crossing of the 30 min stoch

3.the crossing of the 4 hour stoch- think this is likely the best

but if I don't like the way it looks- I will bail after 10 pips + spread

I did 3 times today more then I do normally - all 3 times I was right

The reason I think for today was so many of the pairs on the day stoch

were in the 20 or 80 % range - I never like when that is the case

you can have big moves opp the last trend very fast I have found

hope that helps

last-- the trend thing add a slow stoch at setting 14,3,3  & only trade with it

it will be right 85% its to slow to be a trigger but will save your bacon.

doing fibs & ems & stoch???? - stay with one

I  don't like fibs to much work but if you like them great go with it !

--- 帖子 #107 ---
Per request...

--- 帖子 #108 ---
Nah I use only fibos + Murrey Math on H4 to precisely predict long distance targets but recently it didn't worked to well - targets were hit exactly but there were to many good opportunities to close and reenter. As I wrote before I'm looking at EMAs and stochs (your way) today to see if they could come in handy in finding the right direction for the day (for me trading day starts at 0730GMT). Just that, rest of the trading will be my way  We'll see tomorrow how it works.

Of course I totally agree: keep it as simple as possible!!!!

--- 帖子 #109 ---
TEB63

I like the simplicity of your method.  I read in your thread that you might start a chat room. Have you given this any further thought?  I would be interested.

Regards

Koh Samet....

--- 帖子 #110 ---
how to set sl & tp

here is an idea

Attached Image

30min chart

go to the hour chart & look for a channel

(if I can not find one I go to the 4 hour chart)

you can do it on the 30 min just easier on the hour

it forms a "playing field"

the top is the target

the botton is the stop loss

wait for the candle to close

--- 帖子 #111 ---
Attached Image

30 min

arrows are touches

to form the channel

6 red & 5 blue - very strong

--- 帖子 #112 ---
Few words about channels, take for example Cable (GBPUSD). Recently it tends to "channelize" but fortunately it becomes normal again.

When you look at charts there are long vertical candles and quite long, ripped moves at about 45 degrees angle where normal elliot wave should be. Don't trade this. On Cable you can find channels in all timeframes, they hit them exactly to the point and reverse but also they can ignore it at all without a reason. I've had trades when market channelized and jumped even 30 points up and down to suddenly brake off in an unpredictable direction - stronger move up followed by a long candle down... In that case close and wait, it's so sick. Market can go 100 points this way in any direction, don't try to predict. Step back!!

Use channels only as TEB sugested as an exit point and never as a reversal.

Good luck

--- 帖子 #113 ---
Uh oh, before you know it, the one indicator system is going to start having multiple indicators on it.  Fibo's and channels, it will soon be SRDC all over again.

The best exit strategy is taking positive pips.

--- 帖子 #114 ---
Heh yeah but it still is simple and plain, when I see people posting screens where 1/8 is the chart and rest is full of indicators that's ... hmmm messy

Focus on your favorite indicator but why don't help yourself with basic AT like Elliot waves, trendlines, channels, triangle formations or candles? These are simple to observe and only thing is, that you just have to be aware of them

--- 帖子 #115 ---
I'm as guilty as anyone, I'm using a 25 LWMA +/-50 from tkimble to let me know where I am in the trade.  (But, I didn't just write that here.)  BTW it makes a nice channel too.  (I didn't write that either).

--- 帖子 #116 ---
TEB you have a wonderful concept going with the different time frames. One thing I have a question/concern about. On your higher chart, daily in this example, wouldn't you want to use a some type of trend tool (ma, macd, sar) to see what direction the trend is or if it is sideways, then use an oscillator on the mid time (4 hour) to get a signal from stoch or %R, then make your entry on the 30 min again with the trend tool once price was going in the direction of the big trend? I noticed using all oscillators on a strong trend will just max out all of them at overbought and give a sell signal while the market is moving up. I was thinking, if you used a trend tool on biggest time frame to see direction and if it was sideways, then use stoch, otherwise use the direction of your trend tool. Then confirm it on the mid time with stoch in the direction of the big trend, and get your entry on the small time again with a trend tool signal. Just an idea, what do you think?

--- 帖子 #117 ---
The 4 hour stoch is the "trend tool" -- is the main tool

all the tools you speak could do the job also

personly I like the stoch- it is simple I like simple

if you like you can do the same thing with the others-

the sars, I showed worked on the 1st page of this thread.

but you will have better rewards if you stay with the same main tool`

same information- diff times gives a clear understanding of the market

but you can do as you like

play with other tools & tell us how you do.

I hope that helps

--- 帖子 #118 ---
Hey guys

The thread's name was changed from when I began it,

& I really didn't like the name it was changed to.

- what I was trying to do in this thread was to speak about multi- time frames.

I said from the start one or two tools were all the big boys use.

I also said the big boys look for a set-up & then use one tool as a trigger.

so that might be 3 tools total.

The set up I think should be simple -

I think it is best & easiest to use that way- I only use 3 tools most of the tiime.

but if the set up uses fibs great ( I think the 50% is very powerful personally)

or E. Waves so be it. or even pp

(which I wouldn't use personly because their are so many sets at anyone time of them)

my point was not that tools were bad rather they are 2nd to time frames.

and I wanted to showed you can have a great system with just one tool

and a number of time frames -that was the point

--- 帖子 #119 ---
By Far......THE BEST THREAD EVER! Thanks!

--- 帖子 #120 ---
HI  TEB

I also think you found the keys, but just wondering , how do you know exactly what the big boy are playing with?

thanks a lot

--- 帖子 #121 ---
i am sorry to ask but isnt the mtf indicators repainting themselves, and giving false signals, or are they giving reliable signals?

--- 帖子 #122 ---
not at all they are giving all diff signals from diff waves with in the trend

--- 帖子 #123 ---
Attached Image

30min charts

--- 帖子 #124 ---
Attached Image

30 min

--- 帖子 #125 ---
Attached Image

30min

I am watching this one to see if the 30 min stoch will turn down.

where the hand is, is where I think it might- but who knows?

--- 帖子 #126 ---
Attached Image

30min

the price is so low the channel.

one might want to wait for a break of the channel

or for price to rise a lot higher before going in

--- 帖子 #127 ---
Do you wait for the stochs to get into 80/20 areas before you take the trade or just cross. Do you follow the cross in order, day first, then wait for a 4 hour then 30 mins, or any order? Thanks, I am trying the TEB system out right now.

--- 帖子 #128 ---
on the 4 hour & day when it gets in that area I am careful

if you want to be safe

when it crosses above in the 80 or below the 20 stop trading till it comes back out.

but the more you trade the more you will get a feel for it .

on the 30 min yes - but I also look at candle formations

so if I am getting in just on the stoch it has to cross

so some times I get in early based on candles

esp. if you get a big old tail going the way I want

--- 帖子 #129 ---
Attached Image

30min AUD/Usd

the black lines

are the crossing of the day shoch & 4 hour stochs

both are above the 80% and have crossed

This can be a good tell of a big drop!

But you have confirm it !!!!!!

because sometimes it just a resting to keep going!

But it might drop?!

--- 帖子 #130 ---
Attached Image
30 min

30 min Eur/Jpy

I like this tail & the candle formation

But it needs confirmation - stoch & close of candle

it still might break over 157.41

--- 帖子 #131 ---
I just finnished my ebook

I have had over 300 people ask for it?

Before I put it out- it 17 pages

I am wondering if 1 or 2 people who are good at editing

could look it over for me -

to make sure What I think I am saying

is what I have also is writen

You would have to be good with english

& have a good understanding of forex

& a better understand of computers then I am

I think in a few days I could have it out.

If I put something out it has to be good.

TEB

email me at
tburke@sympatico.ca

--- 帖子 #132 ---
could you please analyze today the gbpusd? i see that in daily goes up and in 4hrs goes down, little confusing.

--- 帖子 #133 ---
Looking at the CAD, extreme range at the moment...or to be cont??

--- 帖子 #134 ---
How come only one guy so far has understood that you cant go back in time and trade what allready happend?

--- 帖子 #135 ---
I think we all understand that, but it is easier to show the whole picture to grasp the system and its potential. Unless there was some type of interactive forum, this is the best way to understand the entry and exits.

--- 帖子 #136 ---
Blanca,

Consider the Daily to show the long-term trend. The 4Hr will show an intermediate trend.. below about 1Hr consider it the short-term trend.

Analyze the charts a bit to see what you are comfortable with. If The daily shows Up and you are waiting for 4Hr & 30min confirmation, you are basically trading the long-term trend, but waiting for intermediate & short-term confirmation (being pickier with your entries).

If you ignore the daily trend & only use the 4hr & 30min, then you are trading the intermediate trend (of which there are quite a few per day) and using the 30min to pick your entry. There will be many such opportunities per day at this level.

Many traders advocate NOT trading against the longer-term trend (in this case either the daily or 4hr could be considered the longer-term trend). You may wish to consider using the daily with the more volatile pairs - that way you only trade in the direction of the long-term trend. Ultimately tho, which one you use is up to you and your own comfort level!

Hope this helps!

Daemien

--- 帖子 #137 ---
That's not the point. Please read this post a few more times untill it sinks inn. Then do your backtesting.

http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...4&postcount=65

--- 帖子 #138 ---
BTW, very nice system TEB. I'm testing it out as a quick trade option now

Daemien

--- 帖子 #139 ---
Sure - if you want to help me set it up

--- 帖子 #140 ---
what do you meam?

we have seen a number of life trades in this thread?

--- 帖子 #141 ---
Quick trade?

What time frame do you normally trade?

--- 帖子 #142 ---
lol.. ya i guess that was a bit misleading

I have mainly been placing positions that go for a few days. I have tried a few intraday methods but they all seem to bite me in the butt over time.

This one looks interesting! I am long gbpchf as we speak!

D.

--- 帖子 #143 ---
I mean if you are not aware of what was said in post #65 then this wil look a hell of a lot better in backtest than it actually is.

--- 帖子 #144 ---
I think I misunderstood you in your first post. The problem was in drawing lines and using multiple stochs on one screen, which was discouraged by the system creator. As far as backtesting, I have been using the time of the crossover occurring and it seems to work just fine, it doesn't alter the results at all. I'm not sure what you mean by the backtesting looking better it actually is?

--- 帖子 #145 ---
I just mean that if you use the #MTF stock showing the 4 hour in the 30 min chart, then you might be in for a surprise.

I know my previous post came out a bit harsh. It came out a good bit more harsh than i ment it too be.

I agree, I think it's a fine system if you use it as the creator said.

The only thing I don't like is the exits, but that is a problem I generaly have. I want to ride the trends as long a possible, but when is to long?

--- 帖子 #146 ---
you want to ride ride till the 4 hour stoch crosses agains you!!

--- 帖子 #147 ---
I completely agree about exiting, it is more of an art than a science. You either try to scalp a preset amount (e.g 20 pips) or you wait for it to tell you where its going.  There is another post:
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...t=19391&page=9

they have an interesting concept using this method and a 25 wma with bands +/- 50 giving you a channel. Exit a long position when it hits the lower band, exit shorts when it hits the upper band. Not a bad concept, use a multiple set exit, take profit on half the position at say 15-20 and let the other half ride until it hits the opposing channel. That way you'll get the nice trends when they are available and make it out with some profit when they're not. We just have to play around with it to see what works best on what pair/time frame. Don't sweat the harshness, we're a learning community here and we need to be able to examine methods critically to obtain the greatest results and collectively figure out a way to get our stake of the forex pie.

Ron

--- 帖子 #148 ---
That's everybodys problem I suppose - to win the battle with yourself  I had great scores like 3,5x balance in one week by scalping 20-30 points per trade (about a 100 per day) and started to seek for long runs like 130 point per trade... Why bother if daily income is the same? That didn't work out too well aspecially when you trade 6 lots of Cable for example :/ 20 points was not enough and they reversed (generally I don't use SL). Now I'm back to scalping and wait for an obvious trade with 25 TP set. Maybe earnings are not that spectacular per trade (50 point per day) but in the whole money flows well and securely into my pocket

PS Today @ Cable 1500 hours GMT nice sell signal by TEB's method?

--- 帖子 #149 ---
Teb,

I want to thank you for unselfishly sharing such a successful method with everyone here. Most would keep this under wraps.

I have ALWAYS been a fan and used multiple time frames in my own trading. However, if you dont know what your doing you can easily confuse yourself as each time frame will tell a different story. I myself had this problem... I have also ALWAYS been a huge fan of Slow Stoch's. They are by far, in my opinion, the best tool available to us as traders.

Teb, I want to personally thank you as you have taught me something very valuable.That is the mesh of the Daily/4hr/30min time frames. I was one of the confused with which TF's to monitor. Since the creation of this thread it is no longer a mystery and sooooo simple!

If you need help editing your ebook let me know. My grammar isn't half bad.

Thanks again,

Bagovino

--- 帖子 #150 ---
No wiser words have been spoken. Everyone should have this taped up to their monitor while trading!

B.

--- 帖子 #151 ---
I just wanted to share my first trade using Teb's system.

Easy forsheezy!

B.

--- 帖子 #152 ---
I just wanted to share a few things from my own real life Forex experience.

Hadry, I used to use Fibs and Murrey Math myself. The thing about them is they work great..... until they don't!!! I'm sure you know what I mean. Especially Murrey. I've never found them to be reliable at all!

Lastly, K.I.S.S. is absolutley the key to successful Forex trading. That with money management and following your rules strictly. 10 billion indicators are NOT the way to go. Stick with one easy system and you will prevail.

I have had a secret weapon myself I've kept tucked away. I am going to test and see how it meshes with this system. If it works well with it I will reveal it here. Basically it is a very simple way of clearly marking no trade zones as well as trade zones.

Bagovino

--- 帖子 #153 ---
Thanks, Bagovino. Look forward to seeing that one!

--- 帖子 #154 ---
Do you have any clue why Murrey sometimes doesn't work? It worked astonishingly from November and now it's completely useless. My friends asked me how the hell I can tell Cable will fall 200 pips to an exact place (0-3 pips error). It's a pity

About no trade zones - I've wrote that before I think - now I trade on Londons open so between 7000-1000 GMT on Cable. After this nothing happens till US data where you can trade with wide opposite pending orders and then sometimes we can see a big move out of nowwhere like todays -  however TEB system signalled quite nice!! Same thing with EurUsd.

PS About golden rules:

Trade with confidence!! If you're unsure simply step back.

Use Brake Even (BE) - stop loss set to 0 when you're +10 +15 points. You may not profit sometimes but it will also save your ass from time to time.

PS2 do I write too much? Any help from it?

--- 帖子 #155 ---
I just wanted to say that Tebs was right when he said the "Big Dogs" use only 1 or 2 tools.

What I may introduce here shortly is part of a system actually used in a trading system  by a "Major" financial institution.

I cannot reveal it in it's entiretly, but I can share the biggest/ best part of it.

Bago

--- 帖子 #156 ---
Hadry,

I gave up on Murrey a long time ago!!!! I have no idea.

Bags

--- 帖子 #157 ---
TEB63, thanks for your willingness to share and answer questions. Although I use the daily time frame as a reference for price action, the 30 min time frame has always been my favourite for timing entries. I have just completed two trades based on your approach (both successful). Looking forward to many more.

--- 帖子 #158 ---
Bago,

Nice to see you on this thread, always enjoy your posts when I come across them. You have me (and others, I'm sure) very curious. Waiting with anticipation.....

--- 帖子 #159 ---
hours

thanks a lot ted for sharing it, wanted to ask you about the hours you trade it and what do you recommend for exits?, if you could please post today`s trade for cable i`d appreciatte it a lot.

--- 帖子 #160 ---
thank you for yor kind word!

--- 帖子 #161 ---
It's been great. Just a look at your charts will tell you this.

I will be demo trading this system (together with a couple of Baqovino's ideas to be fair) tomorrow also.

Monday I will probably go live.

--- 帖子 #162 ---
I am in EST so as early as I get 5:00 am or better till about 12:00 noon

then some times in the evening

I didn't trade the pound today

I look for pairs thast have what I like in the morning

& I hunt them all day- normally only 2 or 3

--- 帖子 #163 ---
The beauty of this system is that it works on anything the trades liquid. I used it successfully today on the emini russell. Just used a 5 min chart as the big trend, and traded off a 144 tick chart for entry. I was 2 for 2. Multiple time frames with money management is as simple as it gets. Wonderful thread we have going. I learn something new from everyone.

--- 帖子 #164 ---
Attached Image

30 min USA/CHF

--- 帖子 #165 ---
Hey Teb,

On your last chart of USD/CHF, Daily is up, 4hr crossed down and your going long on the 30 min cross up????

Can you explain this trade? I'm just trying to make sense of it.

Thanks,

B.

--- 帖子 #166 ---
I didn't have the 4 hour heading down - that is when I put the trade on

But it looks like it just might now in fact the fast line is

what settings are you using? C/C or H/L

& what flatform- you clearly got the sign before me

I am up two pips (?) & out & going to bed -

I still think it may go up - but who knows tomorrow is friday right!!

See you tomorrow

--- 帖子 #167 ---
I use H/L Simple. What do you use?

B/

--- 帖子 #168 ---
Mine was heading up at the time as well.

--- 帖子 #169 ---
the same!

Thanks for the heads up anyways

Good night

--- 帖子 #170 ---
Teb,

Will you be trading the London open? If so it would be great if you post your set ups on the thread here in real time.

This way we can see what your are looking for as it happens. It will very much help us get a feel for trading it.

Thanks,

Bag

--- 帖子 #171 ---
Is it possible for some one to make an Alert Sound when the the lines cross?

It will make our lives so much easier.

TIA

Andy L

--- 帖子 #172 ---
Give this one a try. Should do untill a better one comes along. Enjoy...

--- 帖子 #173 ---
Does anyone see a signal setting up for the London open???

I dont...

B

--- 帖子 #174 ---
The swissy looks like shes lining up for a buy. Day and 4hr are crossed and ready for the 30 to confirm. Maybe the yen, doesn't look too clean though.

--- 帖子 #175 ---
Swissy has that weird thing going on... Day is up, 4hr crossing down, now the 30min is in overbought and will most likely cross down soon...

What to do????

B.

--- 帖子 #176 ---
Ronnie,

Can you post a pic of your 4hr because mine is crossing down.

B.

--- 帖子 #177 ---
Here is what I have. Gonna get some sleep, be back for the ny session.

--- 帖子 #178 ---
Hi BET and everybody

after testing your idea twice on demo

here is my live trades results

yestarday:

G/J +15 pips

U/J +7

E/J +20

U/J +15

E/J +10

G/J +6

E/U +6

E/U +20

U/CAD +5

G/U +36 (+ retail sales)

today

G/J +10

U/CAD +6

G/J +30

U/CHF +10

and I will short G/J again when I see a signal

so thank you again for the idea(even MTTF idea is old but you organize it with one indi)

and I care only to exit with +ve pips

usually I monitor ten pairs but using alot of tecs and you simplify this

thanks again and keep the good work

--- 帖子 #179 ---
Benssol,

Your kickin'  ass...... Care to share how you trade this system???

Much Thanks!

B.

--- 帖子 #180 ---
Thanks TEB for sharing your system. I read the thread from page 1.

I see a coming short trade on NZD/USD from top !!. Both daily and 4hr crossing down , waiting for 30m to cross down too.

I believe this is going to be a good trade.

Anyone else see it ??

--- 帖子 #181 ---
how do you exit your trades?

thanks

--- 帖子 #182 ---
LOL bagvino

I didnt anything new

I just follow TEB's steps

and for today's list LOL

G/J +53 pips (charts attached)

NOTE I never traded more than two trades in fridays, so Thanks again TEB

--- 帖子 #183 ---
Man I said I exit with +ve pips and it depend on volatility of the pair

for ex.

G/J TP >=20 pips

U/CAD  =< 20 pip

and so on

I don't want to say this but usually I didn't use SL cause I never leave open positions while I'm away from computer

Happy Trading ...

--- 帖子 #184 ---
ben,

could you please the chart and your entry and exit price, did u do two trades in gbpjpy? were they two shorts?

--- 帖子 #185 ---
yes blanca all of them are shorts

and they are 5

when I enter the third @231.90  after I seen a short signal the price goes up (it's Fridays) then I double the position @232.04 then it goes up again while the signal still short so I double again @232.17 and finally exit all of them @231.86

(stat attached)

--- 帖子 #186 ---
ben, how do you exit in case the signal changes its direction?, maximum sl you take?

--- 帖子 #187 ---
Man does anyone see anything?

--- 帖子 #188 ---
teb i think usdjpy , i took a short at 118.16 with target at uptrendline at 117.50, if i understand well, what is your opinion? one small question, do you draw the 4hr line in the chart when the 4hr candle is already closed?

--- 帖子 #189 ---
I see it on the charts I just got up you bought after the big tail!!

Good going!!

If I HAD been up I would have taken it to - even though the day has not turned - doesn't pay to sleep
Attached Image

30 min USA/JPY

if it ends this 30 mins with a big tail I might think about exiting?

--- 帖子 #190 ---
The 4 hour sometimes - but I like the chart simple so i will normal look where they are & if they are not cutting through the 30 min I leave them off (I do the same for the day)

but if price break the 30 min I put them on - 4 hour or day with ever is close to the braek

--- 帖子 #191 ---
Teb,

Although it worked out, I dont see a text book short on the usd/jpy.

Daily was up, 4hr crossed down, then the 30 min crossed down.

So are we disreguarding the daily? It is still in an uptrend as we speak.

I'd appreciate an explanation... I missed a ton of pips on that one!!!

Thanks,

Bago

--- 帖子 #192 ---
YA

I have an other thread where I use 2 stochs & a 50 ema

I think that is what he is using

Pluss remember its friday!!

sorry

--- 帖子 #193 ---
Teb,

Can you post the rules from the other thread? I'd appreciate it.

From your experience, which works best?

Thank you again,

B.

--- 帖子 #194 ---
This one is the safe one- it wins all the the time

the other is the same as this one

but you use 2 stochs 30 min & 4 hour

& a 50 EMA

price has to be on the wronge side of the 50ema

so to buy under- to sell over

But I would still keep my eye on the day stoch

in this case the day is very high on the stoch

& price is way over the 50

I think price action & price possitioning are very important as well.

but the simple system is 3 stoch

& will make everyone a lot of money real safe!

I hope that helps

--- 帖子 #195 ---
Got it....

Thanks!

--- 帖子 #196 ---
Teb, In your other thread you write:

"- you use the 50ema to make sure you have pip room

ie. you want the 50ema under the price to sell

over the price to buy"

If I understand correctly, this is sort of a counter trend strategy?

Henry

--- 帖子 #197 ---
Teb,

Have you tried other combination of TFs, for example 1hr, 30m and 15m for your stoch setup ?

Thanks

TS

--- 帖子 #198 ---
I personally don't like 15mins its crazy

I think its because all the systems out there use it

& so all new people start with it

& the big boys just make a killing on the new people

I have played on 4 hour 1 hour 15mins (demo account)

I think the 3 you speak of may be to close

to really see a differance in the price wave

But give it a try (demo account)

--- 帖子 #199 ---
How about a 12 EMA crossing the 50 EMA for direction and stoch set at 5;3;3 for confirmation on 30min, 1hr, 4hr charts ?

Too complicated ???

--- 帖子 #200 ---
I think the eur/usd wants to go up?

anyone else have any thoughts on that?

--- 帖子 #201 ---
i think exactly opposite, I see it down...now then, why are we not in agreement ?

--- 帖子 #202 ---
Stoch is coming very thin (upwards) on the 4H chart.

My 30mins still show down. Yours?

--- 帖子 #203 ---
do what you like!

but why add - the 4 hour stoch gives you direction

but you must believe in your tools if you like 12ema great use it

--- 帖子 #204 ---
That is what I have

- & its under its 30min/1 hour channel bottom.

but its got big down tails!!!

If it breaks back over the channel

it might be fun if it stay under -

I think its a no trade day

& I don't see anything anywhere?

but the Us open is a comming

--- 帖子 #205 ---
The US open is coming, but I am out of there.

Week is over. Made lots of pips on the JPY pairs.

Thanks again. For those still in, I wish you the best of luck

--- 帖子 #206 ---
Looks like a sell signal is developing in GBP/JPY.

4 hours is down..1 day is about to cross down

and the price broke the bottom trendline of the 30 mins channel couple hours ago..

but still we have to wait for the daily chart to cross down ...

--- 帖子 #207 ---
wow

is that a crazy chart

--- 帖子 #208 ---
I think I may wait for that daily to come out of the +80 zone on the GBP/JPY. Maybe not. I hate Fridays.  If you are into candles, that is a bearish engulfing outside bar on the 30 min. However, they are risky on short time frames.

--- 帖子 #209 ---
Where to learn about candles?

I know the pinbar, inside and outside bars.

Could always learn more!

--- 帖子 #210 ---
a good start

http://www.daytradersbulletin.com/html/cs1.html
http://www.tradingeducation.com/candlestick_tutorial.asp

--- 帖子 #211 ---
Thank you TEB63 I really appreciate it!

--- 帖子 #212 ---
yes it seems the gbpjpy is a similar signal to the usdjpy in london session, i`ve done a kind of uptrend line, that could give a target of 230.35 more or less, but ted could you please give your opinion, about it, also i have a doubt, about the 4hr stoch cross, do you wait until the 4hr ends to draw the line or exactly at the cross? because that could give us different signals.

--- 帖子 #213 ---
Attached Image

30 min Eur/Usd

There may be a chance to get back into the Eur/usd

wait for price to come back down & test the 30min Channel line ( the hand)

if it does & bounces & the 30 min stoch turns up

But remember its friday so be very very careful it is risk trading anytime

but esp friday !!

I have to go till later this afternoon.

pip pip

--- 帖子 #214 ---
you know this is such a wild pair & this is a wild chart!

and its friday .. I don't personally think I would do any thing.

But its also one of the pairs I rarely trade.

good luck

--- 帖子 #215 ---
TEB63,  THANK YOU !!! I've used multiple time frames in the past but never could make them mesh until now, this is fantastic!!!! Thank you..

Have a fantastic weekend..

--- 帖子 #216 ---
it's true but I was thinking that if entry is when all 3 stochs agree we also need to know when to exit ? we wouldn't want to exit too early no ?

exit could be when 5 EMA and 12 EMA cross back on the 1hr chart

--- 帖子 #217 ---
sure it you like

or wait till the 4 hour stoch crosses against you !

--- 帖子 #218 ---
how do you see a setup of 30min, 1hr and 4hr chart ?

--- 帖子 #219 ---
I never tried it I have tried 4 hour,1 hour & 15mins

the 30 min & 1 hour maybe to close

But give it a try - demo account of coarse

& let us know

--- 帖子 #220 ---
TEB,

I thought you were using Day, 4 hr and 30 mins (not 15 mins!!!).

Is that correct?

--- 帖子 #221 ---
I

second what amaruenterprise said.  Thank you so much.  By far, your method works for me the best.

BTW, the Stoch with Alarm Rocks!!   Thanks.

Andy L

--- 帖子 #222 ---
Yes you are right- other then around news times

which has nothing to do with this system I never use 15 in real trading.

- I have tried it in demo with 4 hour 1 hore & 15mins in this system

but not in live trading !

--- 帖子 #223 ---
Teb,

Do you draw the upper/lower trendlines by hand or you use some indicator (SHI maybe) ?

Thanks a million

--- 帖子 #224 ---
by hand

--- 帖子 #225 ---
hi ted,

i still have this confusion, about the 4hr line, do you draw it when the stoch is starting to cross or, do you draw it after the 4hr candle finished its formation?, how long have u been testing it live?

--- 帖子 #226 ---
This indicator may be helpful for this method.

http://www.forex-tsd.com/tools-utili...on-helper.html

--- 帖子 #227 ---
it looks like a great indicator. Anyone know how to customize it for this method ?

--- 帖子 #228 ---
C.E.O.  Thanks...Awesome Indicator.

Compro99   The default setting on the indicator for stochastics is already set at 5,3,3.  You can expand the time frames to include Day, Week and Month by changing Intraday Range to false.

--- 帖子 #229 ---
Its okay but it is not as good as doing by hand

--- 帖子 #230 ---
I think the indicator is not based on stoch crossover... but based on above/below 50 level.

--- 帖子 #231 ---
I am new in forex. I find Teb system is simple to understand. Teb, I will try your system on virtual and see how it goes. Thank you Teb for sharing.

--- 帖子 #232 ---
I understand I think -

but you want the stoch coming out of the 20% 80% ranges not the 50% except in a very strong trends

To have to have the 30 min & 4 hour & the day all moving through the 50%

I think you will lose a lot of trades changes -

& may in fact might end up on the wrong side of the trend by the time you get in.

But for a very strong trend you the stochs coming out of the 20-80% not the 50%!

esp. the 30 min

--- 帖子 #233 ---
Attached Image

Eur/Usd 30min

red lines are 4 hour channel

black lines 30 channel

chech marks are where the price is in the channels

Where do you think price is going?

stoch is down on the day so it will go down sooner or later!

But the 4 hour stoch is up and coming out of the 20%!

& it looks like the 30 min stoch is up too

the 30 min channel is down

the 4 hour channel is up

& price closed in the 4 hour channel like a bounce?

and added to that we broke the day channel that was very strong S/R

for a few weeks to the upwards a few days ago which normally means up?

what do you think!

--- 帖子 #234 ---
I say wait for the day, 4 hr and the 30 min stochs to line up, or you're just guessing.

--- 帖子 #235 ---
The Stochastic on the MTF indicator also includes RSI and CCI.  By adjusting the parameters, MTF indicators can be helpful screening tools; however, you are absolutely right, there is no substitute for actually studying the higher time frame charts.  You can see crossovers, angle and separation of the lines (strength of trend), trendlines etc.

The Higher Time Frames are the Bus Driver, the Lower Time Frames are the Passengers.

--- 帖子 #236 ---
of coarse you are right

I was just wondering what people think

--- 帖子 #237 ---
hi ted,

nice to see you around, wanted to ask you about the drawing of the lines of 1day stoch and the 4hr stoch, sometimes when the 4hr stoch cross, and also the 30min stoch cross, it`s already too late to take the first arrow in the entry, how you do to get a good entry as both stochs could be crossing at the same time?

--- 帖子 #238 ---
hi Blance

if the 4 hour has crossed I am looking for a reason to get in! but!!!`

2 thing

1st. It is always safer to wait for the 30 mins stoch to come a round a 2nd time

2nd. you might well miss a lot of the pip move if you wait till it comes around a 2nd time``

so the way I Ideal with this is the use of the 50ema

where is price to the 50ema on the 30min chart

if price is on the wronge side of the 50ema I would look to take the trade

if not I will wait untill the 30 min stoch comes around again for a second time

but I also would keep my eyes on the candle & candle formations

esp`any big candle tails etc/.

--- 帖子 #239 ---
Attached Image

big red line is day the stoch

thin red line is the 4 hour

arrow is the 30 min stoch

red ema is 50

I wouldn't take this trade

it still might still be a winner?

but I would wait untill the 30 min stoch comes around again

the reason is price is to far a head of the 50ema

if price was on the other side of the 50ema

I would take the price trade ina NY second

--- 帖子 #240 ---
Look at gpb/jpy in 30 and 4 h.Buy signal?

--- 帖子 #241 ---
I probably wouldn't buy here. the overall trend is on the downside in my opinion. my daily has a down cross on it right now. wait for the "A" trades.

--- 帖子 #242 ---
what did you see the overall trend??in diary???

--- 帖子 #243 ---
LOOK

--- 帖子 #244 ---
my stoch on the daily is pointing down.

--- 帖子 #245 ---
I concur, my charts showing the same thing. And by the way TEB, you are awesome. Good System.

--- 帖子 #246 ---
Attached Image

usdcad 30mins

great set up from friday

of coarse its easy to find it on a past chart

--- 帖子 #247 ---
So TEB, if I have it right: if price is above the 50EMA, and the stochs are aligned that will be a trade to the short side (much better than if price was below the 50EMA)?

So, in conclusion: short trade: if price is above the 50 EMA and pointing down. Long trade if price is below the 50EMA and pointing up.

Am I correct?

--- 帖子 #248 ---
or like in this case breaking through the 50ema -(in this case up )

better if it is below- better still if it was way way below

the big thing you don't want the price on the right ride of the 50ema

at the start of the candle!

you esp. don't want price leading the 50ema -way way a head of it

--- 帖子 #249 ---
Hi, is anybody seeing a gbpjpy short? Do we have to wait for 4hr candle to close to confirm stoch cross is valid?

--- 帖子 #250 ---
sorry it is below 50ema, not a strong one but would just like to know whether we need to see candle close on the daily, 4h or 20min to confirm stoch cross?

--- 帖子 #251 ---
short?

candle formationis is long strong!

and you are a long way from the 50ema?

and it looks like your 30 min stoch is about to turn up.

it might be good to put on the 20% 50 % and 80% lines

on our stoch its just easier for you to see what is going on

--- 帖子 #252 ---
but in 4h and diary shows down

--- 帖子 #253 ---
yes but the 30min stuff is going against you?

it maybe the worse time to get in?

if the 4 hour stoch is going the right way it is only a matter of time till the 30min stoch will follow suite & it will be a better price likely

--- 帖子 #254 ---
it is the safest

--- 帖子 #255 ---
so there are a problem...when the green line cross the red line to down in 30 minutes,the 4 h and the daily shows down to.In this point i enter.please look at caventou charts and you see a cross in 30 minutes when green line cross the red line to down.

--- 帖子 #256 ---
look

--- 帖子 #257 ---
but its crossing against you on the bottom

& worse I think it is raising out of the 20%

I don't know for sure because you still don't have lines on the stoch

--- 帖子 #258 ---
Okay thx TEB63 =)

--- 帖子 #259 ---
Please look at this 3 charts.This red line are the point that i enter.what is wrong???say me please

--- 帖子 #260 ---
could you see the charts?

--- 帖子 #261 ---
hi, how and what do you look at to judge if a pair is volatile or not...? thanks.

--- 帖子 #262 ---
Teb63,

I am new to your trading system. I have been checking it out for a couple of weeks and it looks very good. Could you please post a couple of charts showing your entry from the Day and 4-hour perspective. Also, If you get an  entry on the Day and the 4-hour has cross twice in the direction of the Day will you get in on the second cross. For instance, the Day gives a down signal. The 4-hour has shown a down crossed up and now has crossed down again. Will you take the second entry on the 4-hour or only the first after the Day cross. And if so are there any additional precautions in this situation.

Thanks,

The Prince

--- 帖子 #263 ---
okay

1. the 4 hour is the main chart - the day chart is just to protect you.

so if I get a trend sign on the 4 hour - & the day is not fighting it that is great- the day is 2nd to the 4 hour!!

- and now I am now looking for the buy/sell sign on the 30min.

but the 4 hour is the key.

--- 帖子 #264 ---
that is what I use the 50 ema for!

--- 帖子 #265 ---
TEB,

We have BUY signal on EUR/USD ?

--- 帖子 #266 ---
I am short with the swiss as of a 12.00gtm with Teb's system....not really moving, but time will tell.

--- 帖子 #267 ---
quote=peterdxb;253961]TEB,

We have BUY signal on EUR/USD ?[/quote]

I might go in

...but its not a perfict set up

the stoch on the 4 hour is still under the 20%

The 4 hour stoch is the main one (see 1st chart)

but we are so far under the 50ema

candle formation

& I think the fall on fridays was news in a quite market

but becareful- I will be watching this trade very closely

Attached Image

4 hour
Attached Image

30 min

see there the check mark is

better if the stoch had come up out of the 20%

--- 帖子 #268 ---
this pair is the reverse to the eur/usd

so if one goes likely both will

--- 帖子 #269 ---
hi teb,

i am long eurjpy, using 4hrs and 30mins, long under 50ema 156.71, the target i have two, using the 4hrs stoch cross and the target using an up channel at 157.35, but you know the daily stoch is downn. hope it works fine.

--- 帖子 #270 ---
good call!!

we are at the 50% fibs of the move from friday!!

I don't really follow fibs much but for the 50%

the strongest of them all and I have @ 1.3333

not sure if I will pail yet but I will watch it

Likely wait till the 4 hour cross again

put in a trailing  stop loss to lock in proffit

--- 帖子 #271 ---
I am out of euro buy with 70 pips

--- 帖子 #272 ---
good stuff

I am done for the day

bye

--- 帖子 #273 ---
Teb,

which is your trading schedule? What I mean is, at what time do you start and at what time do you finish your trading day (EST or GMT)?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #274 ---
just in & out I have be to gone

I start earily about 4:30-5:00am EST

and look to end abound 11:00am -12O0

but if I get a big move like this morn

( I see anything over over 50 pips)

I close it out for the day !!

I do sometimes trade after 7:00pm

esp on Sunday night

also I like to be done by 10:00am on friday

Some other times not to trade
3. Never trade or be careful aroundAround economic news releases (in EST esp.7:00am 8:30am & 10:00 am 2:00pm) On fed day FOMC – take the afternoon off On Options Expiry day On triple Witching week 3rd Fri of March, June, Sept. Dec.- Trade only Monday & Tuesday Anytime volumes dries up – often 12:00-2pm EST The day before or after a holiday the 1st Thursday of every Quarter - Future contracts roll over Bank holidays where bond market is closed but not the stock market  The last trading day of the month – the day portfolio managers adjust there portfolios Any time you are not rested – or worried – or out of sorts – bad hair days Around the 100 points in the DOW ie 10,700 10,800 etc tends to make for a choppy market USA Fed Chairman speaks - take the afternoon off!!

--- 帖子 #275 ---
Thanks very much for that information TEB63!

--- 帖子 #276 ---
TEB,

What do you think about going down to the 5 min stochastic for a more precise entry when the 4 hr and 30 min are lined up?

--- 帖子 #277 ---
we have BUY Signal on USD/JPY ?  but daily stoch has just turned down

--- 帖子 #278 ---
Where? I've went short @ 0000 GMT and just jumped out with 40 pips

Still don't have any clue about Cable... normally I would say - short but now? Up on news? New heights long term? Thou they bounced of the daily channel center twice.

--- 帖子 #279 ---
at 0gmt, my 4hr stoch crossedup and daily stoch crossed down

am using Interbank platform.

--- 帖子 #280 ---
Hi All

Teb this is a great system, stick to the rules and you will make money!!!

I used this in conjunction with my own EMA settings, but found that I can even leave them and only trade the stochs.

In the last three trading days I made more that a 100pips. The TF that I use is 4hrs 1hrs and ½ hrs.

With the housing of yesterday, I got in an hour before with a long EUR, the news didn’t matter and I made 50+pips.

Even with the NF on the 9th of March the 1hr stoch and the ½ hrs stoch was short before the news came out.

http://img2.freeimagehosting.net/uploads/11357f6342.jpg

Just now the 4hr TF was flat but the ½ hr TF was in a Long already 1 ½ hr before

http://img2.freeimagehosting.net/uploads/829ea0f88d.jpg

Obviously we can not just go by this two examples, and back testing but I’ve heard that the big boys play on longer timeframes ie 4hrs and up, but I could never get myself to trade there, afraid that I might loose the smaller pips, now I trade the  hr with the 4hr trend. This is a definite way for newbs to help them understand the importance of the TREND and longer TF’s, tx once again.

--- 帖子 #281 ---
That is true, just checked  I'm CET so I opened a small trade and jumped into bed  however I was targeting daily stoch @ 26 march, H4 about 1400gmt and M30 just crossed, also some free space above ema50.

I also consider where the stoch turned just like TEB explained. If it crossed high @ 90% than a small cross up and again down I suppose it's still strong downtrend till this flipping gets below 50% for example.

At this point I must admit TEBs stoch method works well for me, I needed an overall trend indicator and it does even more than just sorting out trades against the trend.

--- 帖子 #282 ---
GBPUSD they have all crossed down, I'm short at 1,9677

--- 帖子 #283 ---
i missed that one, didnt have gbp chart on

--- 帖子 #284 ---
I missed AUDUSD, it wasn't much but still missed it

--- 帖子 #285 ---
OR they started too early in the day est standard time for NY open?

--- 帖子 #286 ---
do you watch the Eur/Usd for clues about the cable?

--- 帖子 #287 ---
try it - but I think the 5 min stoch maybe all over the place.

personal I don't like anything below 30 mins

but that is a personal chose. but if it works for you I will look at it for sure!

--- 帖子 #288 ---
Watching GU, GY, and AU right now. They may have some potential in the coming hours.

--- 帖子 #289 ---
My MT4 charts are not up So I am using Oanda

which have only 3 hour charts

& 3 hours are not as good as 4 hour charts by a long shot!!

But I think the GBP/USD  is looking to make a run up

I am going to be watching it!! its not ready yet.. but

--- 帖子 #290 ---
It may, but if the 30 min stoch crosses down, I am in. The daily and the 4 hr (5,3,3) are pointing down nicely. I am sure you are watching what the EU is doing.

--- 帖子 #291 ---
i am long usdjpy at   118.08

short usdgbp at  1.9686

short usdchf at   1.2157

i missed audusd, i`m trying to make the 4 majors and the eurjpy althought today eurjpy is not looking good.

--- 帖子 #292 ---
eur/jpy is at a big point

if it brakes it will run up

or it will bound and it will run down

& it might well be a big move

watch up

the US open is just around the corner

--- 帖子 #293 ---
GBPJPY is staarting to look good

--- 帖子 #294 ---
looks great on the 30 minute!

--- 帖子 #295 ---
it's too close to ema50 on 30 mins. it just turned a little bit but I'll keep an eye on it. It might just come in for an interesting one, maybe even 100 pips.

--- 帖子 #296 ---
forgot to mention eurusd, is still long since yesterday , like +70 pips up.

Teb, one big problem is the exit, many times if we wait for the 4hrs stoch to cross, we might end a profitable trade in a loosing one, for example today the audusd, gave a short signal, which bounced in .8068 , where we can draw an uptrend line, this time it bounced back there, but sometimes the price breaks the trendlines, so if we wait until the 4hrs stoch cross we migth end, loosing.

--- 帖子 #297 ---
cool. i'm not following the 50 too closely, but my 55 ema is flat right now so it shouldn't pose too much resistance if it takes off.

--- 帖子 #298 ---
also on GBPUSD we have the ema4 crossing ema50, I'm staying short

--- 帖子 #299 ---
eyes open on GBPJPY, 30 mins is going again. I will wait a little bit longer for the hour

--- 帖子 #300 ---
anyone see E/J, E/U there are short signals

until now E/J=+13, E/U=+4

anyone see this also??

we need a team to watch more pairs

I'm tired alone

--- 帖子 #301 ---
never tired of making money me !!!

--- 帖子 #302 ---
USDCAD

--- 帖子 #303 ---
Hi TEB63,

You have a remarkable system  here. It has helped me understand multiple timeframes and the importance of them. My question is how long have you used this method ? I'm curious if it will stand the test of time or will you have to keep adapting to an ever changing market. Thanks for everything....

--- 帖子 #304 ---
The Eur/Jpy has a very good 30 min channel

--- 帖子 #305 ---
what about this?

--- 帖子 #306 ---
just looking at USDCAD without the daily for some pips. nothing much but it will do.

--- 帖子 #307 ---
I think the basic system will always work... but in fx you change or die

how long?

2 years with stoch & MfT -

though I always before like stochs

this verse a few months

--- 帖子 #308 ---
I see this in 15M, 1H, 4H TFs

I think this pair as G/J a much volatile

--- 帖子 #309 ---
Yeah, also usdjpy and gbpjpy but recently they don't look over the shoulder so...

I looking forward to short cable @ US Consumer Confidence, M30 stoch should cross then. Ups it just crossed but it's quite dangerous to enter right now. Than there might be a big up in next few days.

I'm also short on E/U but not so sure about it...

--- 帖子 #310 ---
Why??

I think it goes up and the expectation for news is bad

--- 帖子 #311 ---
Exactly, I think whatever the news It will go down, eventually a little bit up and strong down. They made only 80 pips today, so there is still room to fill in

H4 and Daily also are down.

--- 帖子 #312 ---
I've decided to take EURJPY, short at 157.683

and GBPJPY, short at 232,08

--- 帖子 #313 ---
i saw the channel you mentioned teb in eurjpy, i am short at the big tail 157.82, now the big problem , the exit, i`ve got an up channel at 157.33 or wait until 4hr stoch cross, what do you think?

--- 帖子 #314 ---
Closed E/J for +32 pips

anyone see G/U and U/J??

something will happen there

--- 帖子 #315 ---
the price in eurjpy is already hitting the uptrend line of my channel at 157.40, unless it breaks it soon i`ll close it i guess, TEB any opinion about it?

--- 帖子 #316 ---
intersting are you using 30min for the price channel?

I see it hitting the bottom line & the top almost right at 158.00

on both the 30min & the 3 hour

and thinking it may bounce up - but I am not using my normal charts

--- 帖子 #317 ---
still short on E/U and triggered sellstop on cable... will see what happens

--- 帖子 #318 ---
I was late to trade but anyway just a nice breakout on the eurjpy...

--- 帖子 #319 ---
hi teb,

yes it is a 30min uptrend channel, just now it`s breaking it, hope i`ve made the right decision in waiting until the cross of 4hrs stochs, in usdjpy had to close it breakeven because it returned back, but the rest are ok.

--- 帖子 #320 ---
this system got a stop loss ? How many u all put for the stop loss ? Just now i put a stop loss of 35 at gbp/jpy, got stop so fast. Then re sell again to take back the loss

--- 帖子 #321 ---
A 35 stop loss on gbp/jpy is going to get hit a lot....you need to know the pairs you want to trade.

--- 帖子 #322 ---
this is tight SL for this pair

study this pair well as Jarret said, G/J can go for 100 pips in minute

put you SL near support/resistance or last high/low and count the spread

Happy trading

--- 帖子 #323 ---
i am closing the eurjpy short at 157.32, the 4hrs stoch has not crossed, but it`s already too late, anyway was a good move.

--- 帖子 #324 ---
I do 35 pips  or a cross of the 4 hour stoch

but news is differant animal

--- 帖子 #325 ---
TEB

I must admit this is a pretty good system. I'm really impressed by how the discussion is going.

I do have one question though. It's about reading the stochastics. Do you have some type of system that indicates a buy or sell signal. For instance, when trying to indicate a buy signal, do both %D and %K have to be below the 20 line? Or does one have to be? Or do the %D and %K have to cross each other while below the 20 line before one or both crosses the 20 line to in order to indicate a buy signal?

I was basically trying to make an expert advisor for this, but I'm not 100 percent sure how you were doing the stochastics. I was assuming that you were basically just eye balling it; but if you do have specific rules it would be great to know.

Thanks

jj

--- 帖子 #326 ---
its a personal choice

3 big times in the stochs life

when they cross

then when they come out of the 20-80% zone.

its a personal choice but I will tell you 4 things

1. the 4 hour stoch is the most important to me so I play it the most safe

2. I take the candle & candle formation into account- on all charts

3. I take where the 50ema into account- on all charts

4. if you want to be safe wait untill all 2 or 3 of the stochs

have both of their lines out of the 20% or the 80% zones

other then news times I think that is as safe as it can get in forex

--- 帖子 #327 ---
Hello all and many thanks to Teb and others for sharing the experience ,i read lightly this because it catched my eye on the title and then really got my attention because i've tryed to develop a similar system and stoch was a confirmation on entering, i think that other traders use the stoch as confirmation as well, i did a fast 1 month course in forex with a trading firm and i know from there that they used a fixed analisys sheet that prevented them from entering a trade against the stoch among athor indicators .I really don't want to sound snob , i only have one year from first learning of forex , and consider myself the noobest of all here.

I just want to ask if it's possible to develop an EA for this system so we can do a bit more reliable backtest.

May the forex be with you

--- 帖子 #328 ---
Attached Image

30 min Gbp/Jpy

TEB system-

(this turned out very well!)

--- 帖子 #329 ---
Congradulatin on catching the move.  I was just few minutes late in watching the monitor when that BIG down move was made.

Have a general trading questions for you.  How often do you monitor the chart when you are trading?  It seems that the best setup happens just few times a day and it really is difficult for me to watch all day (due to short attention span) to make the trade at the right moment.

Do you constanly stare at the chart, Every few minutes? all the time?  Would love to hear your input.

BTW, I have been making PIPs with your system.  Thanks a bunch.

Andy L

--- 帖子 #330 ---
Hi TEB,

By the way have you finished the e-book you were preparing?

--- 帖子 #331 ---
Nice down leg so far this week with several entries along the way. For some reason this pair often seems to start it's movement (of the week?) in the Asian session which works quite well for me in my time zone (PST). I often begin watching it from about 3:00 GMT onward, starting from the first Asian session of the week.

I prefer methods of trading that tend to tell me when to be watching the market. If one knows when to "be there" then a lot of tedious screen watching can be avoided while still catching the most favourable moves for the week - that's right, I tend to think weekly pips rather than intraday. Just found that's the way it works best for me. Lets me even have a life .

--- 帖子 #332 ---
So how is everyone this morn!

What is going on?

Anyone got a set-up?

did anyone get the Usd/Cad

--- 帖子 #333 ---
I jumped on the Euro..@ .3330

--- 帖子 #334 ---
The good news TEB63 is that the system works fine.

The bad news (to me) is that I was asleep during the Asian session and I missed the party. I'm glad to have found a system I feel confident trading though.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #335 ---
cable short at 1.9626 ; gbpchf short at 2.3800 and euro short at 1.3334 lets see how it goes.

--- 帖子 #336 ---
man I don't see much or I am late for the party already

aud/Jpy? (but the day not good to support the 4 hour & 30 min)

--- 帖子 #337 ---
Attached Image

Hi Blanca

I think where the arrow is, is where you got in?

if so something I have found, do you see the big tail on the candle

it is a great tell that the trend is over

esp. if you see a few in a row

--- 帖子 #338 ---
yes exactly there teb,

i was thinking why it does not go down, now you explain it, it has a big tail, lol

--- 帖子 #339 ---
according to this chart it looks like the price action has been sideways in an uptrend now the stochs did cross and 25 is a fifty percent retracement off the new move down as well as the stochs cross so  im short with very tight stop of just a few pips its good loss reward play..i ll long above 40 as this 8gmt is a great channel bar to trade

--- 帖子 #340 ---
Good morning everyone, missed a few good trades already damn

EURJPY might be setting up soon enough, a little bit of a jump up on the hour chart and then it might turn down again. it's the only thing I see for now.

--- 帖子 #341 ---
you are doing a 4 hour or 30 min channel?

--- 帖子 #342 ---
I C and its finding support based on that chart!  But no matter ill make on one side or the other of this hourly bar..

--- 帖子 #343 ---
Attached Image

30 min eur/usd

Big blue line is day up -shoch

thin red line in 4 hour down -stoch

black lines  are 30 in channel

purple lines are 4 hour channel

I will wait a little till the 30min & 4 hour are up

I agree we are in an up trend

--- 帖子 #344 ---
here it goes, short 2 lots at 156.39. a bit early but will stop myself for flat.

--- 帖子 #345 ---
yes i was doing the downtrend on the four hour and thirty minute but i have good exit strategy to flip the position early for minimal losses. the 8 gmt bar is a great bar to take hilo trades on so im almost long

--- 帖子 #346 ---
stopped for flat, i'm pretty positive eurjpy will go down soon that's why i got in a bit early...

--- 帖子 #347 ---
Chop Chop Chop

--- 帖子 #348 ---
look at USD/CHF & U/J

if we mix this with the news

may be a very profitable one

--- 帖子 #349 ---
U/J looks better for now

--- 帖子 #350 ---
yeees

also U/CAD after some time

I'm very hot for this

what you think TEB??

--- 帖子 #351 ---
likin the way the cad is shaping up on the 30 min.

--- 帖子 #352 ---
sorry I dont understand what you say !!

--- 帖子 #353 ---
I'm just saying that I like the opportunity for a possible buy on this pullback. I'm going to wait, however, and watch the price action. 5,3,3 stochs are up on the 4hr and daily.

--- 帖子 #354 ---
yes that I'm thinkin

and exactly when the price touch the 62 EMA if the yellow one in your chart is

or when we see regular stoch signal

--- 帖子 #355 ---
Attached Image

30min Usd/Chf

What are you seeing?

all I see is a chop/chop?

I think

maybe the loonie  a strong 4 hour channel

& maybe the Aud/Jpy

--- 帖子 #356 ---
The yellow one is the 55 ema (fib number). I also use 21, 200 and 365.

--- 帖子 #357 ---
wait for it and watch 15M chart

what about AUD/JPY ??

give us  a chart

--- 帖子 #358 ---
quote=benssol;256042]wait for it and watch 15M chart

what about AUD/JPY ??

give us a chart [/quote]

Attached Image

Aud/Jpy 4 hour

Grey area of the 4 hour stoch is about to turn?

and it looks like we have a good up channel I would like one more touch

--- 帖子 #359 ---
wow man

even I never trade this pair before

see also G/J,E/J,U/J

there is something will happen

I dont know & everyone say short G/J

--- 帖子 #360 ---
but what about AUDJPY daily chart, that is down and going

--- 帖子 #361 ---
Yes that is what I said before too

But the candles & the 50 ema on the 4 hour & 30 mins charts make me think about it

- my 3 hour stoch on my oando chart is up -I like to use it as a good look out

if the 4 hour comes out of the 20% I will likely go in

By the way I would love to take this trade

because it is carry trade possitive interst in the way we would go!

--- 帖子 #362 ---
Hey Teb,

I think today is a bad trading day (maybe bcause its a news day).

Yesterday I was 6 for 6.  The Stochs signals came in very clear.  Today everything seems to be going in opposite directions.  I have not entered a trade yet.

About your post #355: I'm trying to understand your chart (forgive me I'm slow....... eventhough I'm visual I need an explanation).

Are you saying we look at the trend from the Red line to the Blue line for the daily trend: And from the Blue line to current time for the four hour trend: then look at the Stochs at the current 30M before enter: or do we look at where those lines intersect the 30m Stochs??

Sorry for crazy question....thanks in advance for your reply....JJ/.

--- 帖子 #363 ---
Not at all

I see it as a chop - I don't see  anything on that chart at all

price is bouncing all around  I don't see any trend at all

its best to stand a side & wait in a chop

that is bacisally what I have  done

--- 帖子 #364 ---
another reason

http://tradingacademy.com/lessons/lessons20070327.shtm

--- 帖子 #365 ---
Thats a great site thanks

--- 帖子 #366 ---
Teb,

how do you see euro right now for a short trade?, the previous gbpchf went fine and i also could take some from cable, went out in euro with zero and i was thinking to short again, at 15:hrs, but seems stoch 4hrs already crossed.

how about usdcad long? daily and 4hrs stochs up, but price above the 50 ema, hmm i guess it`s not a good trading day.

--- 帖子 #367 ---
Hello Teb,

Thanks for sharing your system. A trading group would be a superb idea. How can we get it started?

Regards

--- 帖子 #368 ---
Crazy day. Haven't taken a trade. I think I will stay out.

--- 帖子 #369 ---
yep

--- 帖子 #370 ---
HOSS,

I'm with you I can't seem to connect on any pair.

JJ/.

--- 帖子 #371 ---
JayJay,

Are you waiting for the daily, 4hr and 30 minute to line up? Which pairs did you hit on yesterday? Thanks! I stayed out of the Yens today because they were too oversold. Too risky for me.

--- 帖子 #372 ---
Teb,

I agree, a trading group will be an asset to newbies like me.  It will help me understand my venture into the FX world.

Suggestion....we could structure it in a way that a few members monitor one pair in different Time Zones in that way we have all pairs covered 24  hrs.  That will reduce the burden of having one member review all pairs etc....

Regards...JJ/.

--- 帖子 #373 ---
I agree.

--- 帖子 #374 ---
Like Teb, I wait for the 4H and the 30M  to go in the same direction, preferably in overbought/oversold.  Then I confirm with the Daily but not a factor.  Then I look athe the candle and candkle formation  then we're in.

Yesterday  did very well with:

G/J

G/U

A/U

E/U

I hit E/U and G/Y twice.....

--- 帖子 #375 ---
So you are waiting for them to come out of the 80 and 20 areas?

--- 帖子 #376 ---
Yes,

I believe that is the best setup.

It may or may not be the best setup .....but it works for me.

And oh yes .....I forgot to mention .....patience.

JJ/.

--- 帖子 #377 ---
Count me in

--- 帖子 #378 ---
sure if it would be helpful

Yes I don't mine hosting

We would need to set up a "room"

If someone out there is great with Computers get a hold of me

I could not host & do the computer stuff

I do 5:00am- 1200Est( I might even get up earlier)

But we need the teky

--- 帖子 #379 ---
how about creating an irc chat room. Use mIRC client software. Let me be @ by the way

--- 帖子 #380 ---
Yes that's my point: you look at the activity between the Blue line and Red line, in this case its choppy, therefore  NOT A GOOD ENTRY.

Is that right..JJ/.

--- 帖子 #381 ---
Perfect. I do 5 am until 12 EST, also.

--- 帖子 #382 ---
yes

You will get chop-chopped to death

keep your money for a better day

this TEB system's strenght is in the trend & I think its great

But we are not in a trend anywhere

TEB

--- 帖子 #383 ---
I could do the same time: different pairs.

Do you think we should have a seperate chat room or just continue here on FF.  Just a thought.  Yes we do need a techie

JJ/.

--- 帖子 #384 ---
Just took a short on the EUR/USD...Not the dbest set up but I am up 4 pips.  Keeping a close watch.

JJ/.

--- 帖子 #385 ---
what pairs do you do?

--- 帖子 #386 ---
TEB,

Please don't consider me an authority on any pair.

I have had more success with EUR/USD.

Having said that I could monitor any pair; once we set the rules/guidelines.

JJ/.

--- 帖子 #387 ---
that is I think always a main one

in fact I would say that is the main one as it is the biggest & easiest to trade

I like that one as well but what ever pair has a good set up I like

--- 帖子 #388 ---
Same here.  I find that EUR/USD is easier for me (a newbie).

...so when do we start........

JJ/.

--- 帖子 #389 ---
Attached Image

4 hour  Audjpy

Starting to look intersting

look at that big tail

its back in the 4 hour channel

the 4 hour stochs will cross with the next candle!

What do you think?

becareful strange time of the day

but there might be something there..

--- 帖子 #390 ---
Looks good.

The 30m stochs looks like it has some room to move....I'm in.

JJ/.

--- 帖子 #391 ---
Oops got in too soon.

JJ/.

--- 帖子 #392 ---
I'm starting to program an EA to do some backtesting with these ideas.

I thought I had something with a CCI(20) on 3-hour and 30-min charts, but that didn't seem to work.

Any suggestions for which indicator to use and what combination of time frames? What seems to be working?

-mathematician

--- 帖子 #393 ---
I have found 3 hours not that great

I have done it with stochs, macd,

sars & MA crosses 4/5emas 5/6 & 5/5 open /close 5/8 ema too

but I have found stochs the best

--- 帖子 #394 ---
safer to wait till the 30stoch sets up again & goes up

but its a strange time of day

but you likely will still be okay but who know?

--- 帖子 #395 ---
So stoch(5,3,3)...how about daily, 1-hour, and 5-min?

So basically the rules would be:

go long if the 5-min stoch crosses above 20, but only if the 1-hour stoch has come up from 20 and is still below 80...and the daily stoch has also come up from 20 and is still below  80.

Does that sound right?

--- 帖子 #396 ---
yes again I have not had great luck at those time settings

but try it

and let me know

--- 帖子 #397 ---
Math,

An EA sounds good. I believe its:

Daily / 4hrs / 30m.

The rest sounds right

JJ/.

--- 帖子 #398 ---
I didnt know what happen with you HOSS but I wish you didn't lost a lot of money

I dont know where is the non-choppy un-ranging days the people talk about !!

when a day come with news they say it's safe to be out, and when a day come without a news they say a quit day     !!

yes this was a choppy day but we can gain from it

today I made many successful trades

5 in G/J : 3 short, 2 long

2 in E/J : shorts

4 E/U :2 short, 2 long

1 USD/CHF: the last one I talked about with TEB = +35 pips

1 short on chf/jpy

1 short eur/chf

1 long aud/usd

2 in G/chf : 1 long, 1 short

1 long in U/CAD: the one I talked about with HOSS = +14 pips

and only one lose

1 U/J = -8 pips

yes what a choppy day

I know one rule

NO RISK NO GAIN

one thing the group will be a great idea

I say before we need a team

what about a paltalk room TEB??

--- 帖子 #399 ---
Hi guys,

This thread is turning out great! A couple of questions....

1. Teb, Sounds like you do not trade the London open. Only the U.S.? Is that

accurate???

2. What are the chances of someone building an audible alert with a signal (arrow up/down with sound) whenever the 4hr and 30 min stoch are in the same direction?

This would make it so much easier to watch multiple pairs without ever missing a signal!!!!

Thanks,

Bagovino

--- 帖子 #400 ---
benssol,

Congrats....That is truly amazing.  I did not see one good entry.

Are yiou using the Daily/ 4hrs / 30M  Stochs.  What are you using as trigger.

Keep it up . GOOD WORK....JJ/.

--- 帖子 #401 ---
Benssol,

Where all those trade 100% by the rules? It sounds impossible to have that many long and shorts on the same pair. The stochs don't move that fast.

Can you explain and maybe post a few pics?

Thanks,

B.

--- 帖子 #402 ---
Ben,

seems like you had a great day!!! May I ask how many pips in total?

--- 帖子 #403 ---
Daily/4H/30M - 4H/1H/15M

I look at them all before taking a decision

It's simple JayJay

believe in this system and keep it simple

take what TEB says as rules, this man is a professional trader

--- 帖子 #404 ---
Ben,

All those time frames seem confusing. How do you trade them as they will all never line up together?

B.

--- 帖子 #405 ---
A good Long opportunity @ 94.14 in Aud/JPY  ?

JJ/.

--- 帖子 #406 ---
benssol thanks for that,

I believe I am following the rules of TEB.  At least what I interpret to be the rules.  Maybe I have the rules wrong in my mind.  Could some one clear the rules for me.  I think I may have to go back to basics on this one.

Many Thanks...JJ/.

--- 帖子 #407 ---
it's possible Bagovino

look at E/U, G/J, E/J 15M charts and apply the rule and you will know

you must be confident in the system to apply it's rules

an G/J ex attached

--- 帖子 #408 ---
LOL Bagvino

when and where all of them lined up!!

I mean apply the rules to D/4H/30M OR 4H/1H/15M and use some of your knowledge as fibos, candle patterns, ...

--- 帖子 #409 ---
I think you got more then I did

what you did was looked for smaller trends which is a good thing today!

on normal days I would rather not do that

& I think it migh get a bit confusing if we all have differant times.

most days- the day -4hour -30 is the safest

but good for you!

--- 帖子 #410 ---
LOL TEB

believe in your system man !!

for example, what USD/CHF did?

you ignored this  !!

--- 帖子 #411 ---
benssol,

this is a pic of what I am looking at. I will examine the screens but base my entry mainly on the 4hrs/30m. i also consider the candle and candle formation etc..Is this accurate? Should I be looking at something in addition to that?

Sorry about the size of the screen shot.  You see the small yellow box with the red arrow on the 4hrs/ 30M.  This is my main trigger? Is this correct?

JJ/.

--- 帖子 #412 ---
Maybe not quite what you are after but...here you go, enjoy.

--- 帖子 #413 ---
according to TEB's system you are correct

and if you read TEB's posts on this trade you will know why

also they say the Aussie strengthen in front of all other currencies ( see charts) also RSI in oversold region

check this again
{Link Removed}

this is long term one

--- 帖子 #414 ---
I did ok!

--- 帖子 #415 ---
Do you see anything in NZD/USD & AUD/USD TEB??

tell me what you think

--- 帖子 #416 ---
THANKS
benssol for your important feed-back...JJ/.

--- 帖子 #417 ---
sure try it

i have had a bunch of emails from people using the system with diff time frames

& it working to some degree - the higher the MTF the great the win rates

I get 90%+ with 30,4 hour,day

I like it because I can do back ground work esp. channels & news

& when it goes I get 50-100 pips or more runs a few times a week

But The TEB system is 3 time frames & a 50 EMA

i will use what ever works - I do month -week -day personally as well

I am not offended if some takes my idea & makes it your own

Hay - I would love to learn- no problem!

the only thing I would say if the TF are too far a part or two close

they don't seem to work the price waves as I call them don't really effect each other .

so 4 hours, one hour & 15 mins is good by my thoughts

but 4 hour 1 hour & 5 mins would be to great a differance

1 hour, 30 mins & 15 mins would be to close

but the one thing I have learn in forex is be willing to learn & change.

So I BELIEVE in multi-time frame its the "steel" of my system

But the time frames themself are like reeds I have no problem bending

I think in the end -

the time frames each one will choice will be a personal choice-

do you want more trade but smaller or fewer & bigger -

base hits or home runs- no right or wrong

again I would say though the distance from each TF to the other

is important & you likely have to play around till you find one you like

TEB System Rules

--- 帖子 #418 ---
Thanks for all of your help on this great system.  I am still a little hazy on how you use the 50EMA.  Would you kindly explain it again?

--- 帖子 #419 ---
I got done by the CHF, not because of TEB's system but because I didn't follow it !!! I wasn't expecting the market to react to Bernake's testimony. The Swiss had been tracking yen all day and that is why I went short. And the thing backed up completely.

--- 帖子 #420 ---
My interpretation is that TEB is looking to go short when price is above the 50 and looking to go long when price is below the 50 if given enough pip room and with agreement of the 4hr & 30 min stoch.

--- 帖子 #421 ---
Anyone seeing any trades at this time?

8:00PM EST

--- 帖子 #422 ---
cool, thanks for the advise. i'm gonna try the original: day, 4-hour, 30-min with stoch(5,3,3) at first. then i'll try different things from there.

i've been thinking about trying to get roughly a constant multiple between the time frames, e.g. if we look at 1 day and 4-hour, the factor is 24/4 = 8. so maybe we should shoot for the third time frame being 4hour/8 = 1/2 hour; so maybe that's why 1 day, 4 hours, and 30min works well.

although i admit i have no reason why i think the factor should be constant...i guess it's just mathematically pleasing.

--- 帖子 #423 ---
its what I believe is the wave princible ...like the ocean...

anyways thats how I see it

--- 帖子 #424 ---
yes you got it

Its the way I know I have some pip room!!

--- 帖子 #425 ---
anyone go long on nzd/usd?

--- 帖子 #426 ---
I don't see it very clear. Daily is down. and the 30 min stoch is turning around at the middle of the way. I am not an expert here (very far from that) but to me it is not a strong signal.

Of course master TEB can tell better.

--- 帖子 #427 ---
No to sure about that one?

But I think the Eur/Usd is worth watching

the 4 hour shoch should turn quickly

& then watch for the 30min to turn back again

But I am going bed see you in the morn

--- 帖子 #428 ---
Hi what is up?

anyone got anything?

did anyone take that Aud/Jpy trade I watched all day yesterday?

I am up 80 pips!!

Make that 100 pips  and out- I like getting up for the Br. open

but I am going back to bed see you later

--- 帖子 #429 ---
Howdy,

I am long E/J from 155.85

and watching a few others

--- 帖子 #430 ---
Only just getting through this thread....nice work!

Would the EURUSD be ready for a buy now?

--- 帖子 #431 ---
...and a sell on the USDCHF?

--- 帖子 #432 ---
yes on both, they look great on 30mins

--- 帖子 #433 ---
just went Long EU @ 1.3335, maybe a bit late, but should be able to get some profits

--- 帖子 #434 ---
E/U is working great

--- 帖子 #435 ---
e/u long at 1,3327

e/g long at 0.6785

g/chf short at 2.39

u/chf short at 1.2155

--- 帖子 #436 ---
Fresian, did you jump in the US/CH?

--- 帖子 #437 ---
also long 1 lot of eurofx at 1.3369

--- 帖子 #438 ---
basically I could be short of 4 on eur/chf and it would be the same !!!

--- 帖子 #439 ---
Up on the AUD UUSD 33 pips.

WOW this group is great !!  Now we need to get it all together.

JJ/.

--- 帖子 #440 ---
yep !

if we get together, like it was said yesterday, and help each other out we could all be making loads of money.

--- 帖子 #441 ---
TEB et al,

One thing , I don't recall the exit.  Is it when the signal goes the other direction on the 30M chart?

JJ/.

--- 帖子 #442 ---
Not being TEB take this one with a grain of salt. But the exit is when 4hrs turn around or when the candles in the 30 min show a reversal pattern, or when price stalls and begin to show consolidation.

--- 帖子 #443 ---
Thanks AL, Sounds right.

JJ/.

--- 帖子 #444 ---
alcastro,

I got on the E/U at 1.3335 and the U/C at 1.2149.  A little tentative on the entries, still getting my feet wet here...but liking what I see!

As JayJay noted, what's people's verdict on the s/l and the TP?  I have a wide stop below/above the previous swing low/high...just got to figure when to take the pips of the table now.  Would be good if anyone can share their targets?

The interaction of traders on this thread is excellent..

--- 帖子 #445 ---
Fresian looking at the charts for the US/CH it looks like you jumped into the trade when the 30 mins stoch crossed, but slightly ahead of the 4hr cross. Am I right?

--- 帖子 #446 ---
Any one see any potential formations this mornin?

JJ/.

--- 帖子 #447 ---
alcastro,

If I draw the lines as TEB suggests going from the highest tf to the lowest, then yes the 4hr cross will be confirmed on the close of the current 4hr candle. However if I use the #MTF indicator and view all stochastics on the 30min chart I actually have a cross of the 4hr stochastic already.

Here are all indicators on the 30min chart. Sorry, but don't know how to post a clearer chart?

--- 帖子 #448 ---
TEB,

to be precise, on which TF do you watch EMA for free room? Only on M30 or all three of them?

I'm stuck short on Cable from yesterday, didn't mange to shut it down with -1 pips and switch to USDJPY... generally I'm sick of Cable and switching to U/J for good - they pay nearly twice for the same price as on Cable and waves are very nice so fuck it!!

--- 帖子 #449 ---
hornet,

In my view this is a great cooperative group.  We should help each other out.

Like any group we should adopt some guidelines.  This will ensure that messages are not missunderstood and easy for all to follow.

For starts I think it is good to have the rules (entry exit etc )documented in one post.  In that way we can refer to only one post.  I for one keep forgetting and have to go back often to refresh.

What daya think???

JJ/.

--- 帖子 #450 ---
i believe we should give enty signals only, exits are too personal in my opinion. Some might wait for the 30 to turn, or the 1hr or even the 4hr. It depends on individual trading strategies and money management

--- 帖子 #451 ---
for example on gbp/chf on 30 mins chart stochs are in the bottom 20 and seem to be turning. now on the 1hr chart there is still some space for a few extra pips, the price is crossing down on ema50 and ema4 is right behind having already crossed ema13 and approaching ema50.

how would you advise on that ?

1) leave on the table some money

2)risk turning a winner into a flat trade at least

too personal to give signals.

entries are always easier to suggest...

--- 帖子 #452 ---
I agree.  However, we should document that "exits are at your discretion" or for those with no clue suggest fibos or some other form i.e bear/bull reversal formation.

JJ/.

--- 帖子 #453 ---
for my trades I am closely looking eur/chf, if that goes down nicely, I'll keep all of them open until it crosses back on the 1hr chart

--- 帖子 #454 ---
That rocks,

Thats the kinda comments that will be helpful.

I know little about that pair.  If you think thats the behaviour of that pair then we should look at adding those tytpes of remarks to individual pairs in the ruels section.

JJ/.

--- 帖子 #455 ---
I'm not trading that one, but because the four open position that I have are basically the same as having 4 short on eur/chf. Doing 4 lots on one pair would be suicide. The setup allows me to differentiate while looking at that pair as the major move indicator for my open positions.

--- 帖子 #456 ---
Wow

thats a lot of posts - every one having fun

I will read through them as the day goes on

Boy I had a lot of emails too

seems everyone is playing with the MTF

some of them look wild

but the two MTF other then the one I normally do

that seem to make sence to me are

1 hour , 15min,  5min

&

4 hour, 1 hour, 15 min

the 1st one I think is a really fast - for me

but the second looks like it might work - esp if we have

We will have a lot more signals & with so many eyes

lets see what happens

I thought I would try that time frame today - for a change

I think it will be easier if we are all looking at the same set-up - if you want

I think the win % will be a little lower ?

if you want to let me know if you are in.

Rules

1. 4 hour stoch sign Must be strong

2. 50 ema on the 15min must be strong

3. out for sure when the 1 hour stoch turns on us

4. I think likely 25-50 pips will be home runs

--- 帖子 #457 ---
I closed the eurofx for a net profit of 213$

--- 帖子 #458 ---
Do that 2 or 3 times a day and I'll be a happy man at the end of the month

--- 帖子 #459 ---
This looks to be an excellent system; being a newbie can someone please tell me if I have got the basic concept of how this works?
Using the Day, 4 Hour and 30 min charts.
Our first job would be to look at the day chart for all pairs, looking for a crossover of the stochastic 20 or 80 level, when one is found we then wait until the 4 hour chart does the same and then we move to the 30min chart looking again for the same set-up before entering a trade, all stochastic crossovers being in the same direction.

I would be very grateful if someone could list the system set up, entry and exit rules
and maybe go through the procedure step by step to make it clear to help newbies like myself.

--- 帖子 #460 ---
TEB I'm in .  I'll try the new time frames today.

However, with reference to Noel's question I think you should post all the rules and deviatons on one post.

JJ/.

--- 帖子 #461 ---
man I don't see anything  with either time frame

anyone see anything out there

--- 帖子 #462 ---
Not me

--- 帖子 #463 ---
Hornet, what does the "fx"  in your eur/fx stands for?

--- 帖子 #464 ---
eurofx futures, it reflects the change in the pair

--- 帖子 #465 ---
Attached Image

4 hour chart

Big lines are from the Day chart stoch- crosses- for big trend

small blue lines are 4 hour stoch - crosses - for middle trend

Attached Image

30 min Chart

Big & small lines same as above

arrows are buy in signs  with the trend!

when The 30 min stoch crosses & price is below the 50EMA (red EMA)

you are in

-- other then the last arrow - (you may not want to do this one )

which just made a big move back towards the 50 EMA

"X" are outs when 30 min stoch crosses

"XX" is the big out with the 4 hour stoch crossing

I also watch for Candle formations

& esp. Big tails!!

That is about it

If you have questions let me know

--- 帖子 #466 ---
Which pair? or all EURO crosses? I am kind of lost here....sorry

--- 帖子 #467 ---
Hi TEB,

Been playing around with this since you posted your strategy . . . Thank You!

Just started looking around,  and the Euro/Yen has my attention.  I'd like to see price and the 4H Sto go a bit higher; but feels like we could have a nice drop soon.

Appreciate others thoughts!

Gail

p.s.  very nice group following this,  hope we can all continue to cooperate and profit!

--- 帖子 #468 ---
i am out of my four pairs, they are all turning on the 1hr chart.

total 78 pips plus the future, nice day.

Now I just hope no to get done over this afternoon, like yesterday on usd/chf.

--- 帖子 #469 ---
sorry, eur/usd

--- 帖子 #470 ---
Nothin here either...Looks like its goin to be a crazy day

--- 帖子 #471 ---
I am watching it to

When the 4 hour turns I think there will be some pips

But we have a strong channel on 4 hour chart

the grey areas likely stop areas

so I hope it goes quite a lot higher before it turns

Attached Image

Eur/Jpy 30 mins

--- 帖子 #472 ---
I hope it goes up another 70-80 pips before turning

--- 帖子 #473 ---
usd/cad might become interesting in a couple of hours

I would keep an eye on gbp/jpy and usd/jpy also, those 4hr have my attention

--- 帖子 #474 ---
yes all the other ones as well as these 3

But I think the Eur/jpy looks the best

--- 帖子 #475 ---
Sorry ?

--- 帖子 #476 ---
why?

The ones you speak of may end up being better by the time they all turn!

keep looking-- that way we all miss nothing

--- 帖子 #477 ---
We have a big big report @ 8:30

Likely nothing will happen until after it

--- 帖子 #478 ---
oh well, you're the boss....

--- 帖子 #479 ---
I watch it also and I think they might go down a little bit as a second corrective wave from 50%. I'm short on USDJPY and targeting for 20-30 pips and bail. Both are well overbought in daily + divergence above 80%.

hmmm

--- 帖子 #480 ---
here we go, numbers out in 30mins but japan is starting to move.

futures JYM7 is bouncing of the lows, for the month, bang on the 50ema on daily charts. it has room for a nice move up

--- 帖子 #481 ---
Watching Eur/Chf.

--- 帖子 #482 ---
nothing !!! anybody ???

--- 帖子 #483 ---
Waitng for USDJPY stoch to filp - they stopped at big 0.618

--- 帖子 #484 ---
yes, and GBPUSD is looking good

--- 帖子 #485 ---
eur/usd

day & 4 hour stoch up

& big big tail on the 30 min candle

--- 帖子 #486 ---
I'm tired of cable!! Tryin to exit with some profit buy they just don't let it go... it's to overspeculated right now I suppose. These choppy (I like TEBs word) moves doesn't make much sense :/

--- 帖子 #487 ---
in all honesty I just wish it came down big time, I'm long of june's put

--- 帖子 #488 ---
so you need quite a nice down  but generally I think they should get back to june/july levels and we want see 2.000...

--- 帖子 #489 ---
yes I think you're right, it will go up before it comes down and maybe june is just a bit too soon

--- 帖子 #490 ---
Hi guys,

Firstly I just want to say this is a great thread and thanks to TEB & everyone for their insight into the system.

I just have a quick question for everyone.

Do you guys take trades against the daily stoch?? I know its against the basic rules of the system, however I see in TEB's other thread he talks about trading just using the 4H & 30M TF...I'm just curious as to how many of you do that method and how successful it has been?

Also for example the AUD/JPY trade that was talked about yesterday, was this trade based on all 3 stochs lining up?? If so can someone post the time this trade was taken.

Again thanks for everyones help.

--- 帖子 #491 ---
Ha! No, didn't lose any yesterday. I prefer to trade the 30 min, so if I don't get nice set-ups, I simply don't trade. No big deal. With proper $ mgt, you don't need to nail too many of these a week to do very well for yourself anyway. I'm not trading today or tomorrow either as I am on the road. But, I will be checking in periodically to see how you guys are doing. I'll be back trading on Monday!

--- 帖子 #492 ---
some people are doing 4 hour / 1 hour / 30 min so treat the 4 hour like a day stoch

but I will take it on 2 stochs ( 4 hour & 30 mins)

if price is on the wrong side of the 50ema (red ma on my charts)

normally I like it way over

& I want the 4 hour stoch to be around the 50% or better /less going the way of the trade

& I want the candle formation to go with the trade

better still a big tail going with the trade

but it is a more risky - you are not trading with longer term trend

if you just stay with the 3 stochs till you feel good about the system

you will win lots- you don't have to go with ust 2

TEB System Rule
http://www.forexfactory.com/images/misc/progress.gif

--- 帖子 #493 ---
took cable, short at 1.9628

--- 帖子 #494 ---
I took the trade yester @ 19:38 I believe its GMT. Thats the the time on my IBFX.  BOTH THE 30m AND THE 4H LOOKED PERFECT TO ME.

ENTER 94.23

EXIT 95.03

Total 80 pips.  I chickened out....I could have stayed in.  Its huvering at 95.13

--- 帖子 #495 ---
usd/jpy potential setup

4 hr & 30 min > 80

price > 50

--- 帖子 #496 ---
is anyone in on the eur/usd

--- 帖子 #497 ---
I need some clarification: The rules as I had them when I programmed the EA are not working; the system fails miserably under the following rules:

This is for using the Stoch(5,3,3) on Daily, 4-hour, and 30-min charts. Check the daily cycle: If the %K > %D and the %D has just crossed above 20, then we have a BULLISH daily signal. (Opposite for BEARISH).  Check the 4-hour cycle: Same signal rules as the daily but applied to the 4-hour Stoch.  If the Daily cycle is BULLISH and the 4-Hour cycle is BULLISH and...

If the %K > %D and the %D has just crossed above 20, for the 30-min Stoch, then we have a BUY signal; so GO LONG. (Opposite for short orders).

This was tested on EUR/USD dating back to 1999. Why does it fail? Well look at the attached chart. There is clearly an up trend yet the system keeps trying to sell, to go short. This is because look at the Daily stoch on the chart, it is in the OVERBOUGHT region, so it is giving BEARISH signals. The problem is that the stochastics (as well as most oscillators) have a tendancy to "stick" to the top side (overbought region) during an up trend and vice versa for a down trend.

Now I don't doubt that this general strategy of multiple time frames with one indicator works, in fact I like it a lot. But there must be some rules you are applying that I have not considered...maybe you are applying these rules subconsiously, but let's try and uncover them. For example: Maybe if the stoch is overbought and gives a bearish signal, but then later turns back around and crosses back above 80, then that should restore the bullish signal...

Any thoughts?

Thanks,

mathematician

--- 帖子 #498 ---
i saw it cross but just hate to trade this pair. it's like watching paint dry

--- 帖子 #499 ---
Where's your target? And I can't see price above EMA

--- 帖子 #500 ---
High probablility setup, daily 4h and 30 min all match up

--- 帖子 #501 ---
Yes TEB I took it at 1.3331 all stochs were in the same direction and I'm +8 right now....I would have liked to have seen it all form a little lower from the 50EMA but I still think its a good trade for at least 20-30 pips.

I have no idea where to take profit though any ideas TEB??

--- 帖子 #502 ---
but it does no funny stuff

its so easy trade with a trending system

19 pips to the good

& I am hoping for a longer ride

--- 帖子 #503 ---
you must have gotten in on the long tail to be 19 up

--- 帖子 #504 ---
has the candle closed already ? must have missed it...DAMN !!!

--- 帖子 #505 ---
when the 4 hour stoch turns against you the long easiest...

(when the 30 min turns against is the short easiest)

or if you see a big tail!!

what I am going to do!

****** by the way the US FEd chairman is about to speak

likely to get wild- I am going to close out untill after the talk

see you later

--- 帖子 #506 ---
Thanks TEB,

What was your entry price?? to be up +19?? Did you wait till the close of the 30 M candle before getting in or did you just get in as soon as the Stoch crossed or maybe you got in because you saw the big tail??

--- 帖子 #507 ---
he didn't say he's 19 up, he's looking at taking +19. That's what I understood anyway.

if it is +19 already, good on you TEB

--- 帖子 #508 ---
i go long for eur/usd only to realize it's already over 50 ema. So I stop with +2 pips

--- 帖子 #509 ---
Yes the tail!!

when I have the 4 hour & the Day stoch strong in my way

I am looking for a reason to get in

it was also news that drove down the price

& that is not a real drop!

now what the fed pres says now could be a real drop !!

--- 帖子 #510 ---
TEB,thanks for that explanation

--- 帖子 #511 ---
what the hell? US data with *? jpyusd 60pips, cable 40 is seconds, nice stops harvesting

I think it's getting time to short usdjpy!!

--- 帖子 #512 ---
no its the USA Fed Pres!

interst rate & carry trade stuff

--- 帖子 #513 ---
I got stopped on both my earlier eurusd and usdchf when the news hit.  I tightened up just before so wasn't too bad.

The usdjpy is down on the daily stoch so would have to trade against that if others turn?  eurjpy might be a go'er if that 4hr stoch crosses back down soon.

--- 帖子 #514 ---
Hadrys good job ! Are you using the MTF stochs or flipping time frames. I am flipping TFs and my 4 and 30 aren't flipped down yet. I tryed the mtf and there seemed to be a great difference?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #515 ---
no go, i'm out, closed gbp/usd for 2 pips.

And my trading day is over. good luck guys

--- 帖子 #516 ---
I switch TFs, they didn't crossed yet but are over 80%, fibos are also nice so I entered 117.87. Few pips want make a difference. It should fell nicely, I've set TP 50 pips just for now (above 50% fibo).

--- 帖子 #517 ---
Thanks. Ive got it bouncing off the 78.6 from yesterday HL. Will keep an eye on it!

--- 帖子 #518 ---
Inserted Code Where's your target? And I can't see price above EMA ;)

I waiting on the set up to short usd/jpy (turn down on 4hr & 30 min). Target based on rules.

--- 帖子 #519 ---
mathematician,

I'm new to TEB's system but I can see what you're saying where in a strong trend often the stoch does not come back to the 20 level.

Just as a suggestion, and this is not in line with TEB's rules, but what if you were to take the trades when the daily is crossed up and both the 4hr and 30min cross up but only have to cross below the say a 50 line on the stoch.

Only enter one trade at a time with a s/l of 20 or 30 and a TP of 50. At the end of the day I think it will be hard to write an EA, people are being somewhat discretionary, particularly on the exits.

Good luck buddy!

--- 帖子 #520 ---
please advice if I'm correct

TF

Day / 4hr / 30 min

Stochs 5.3.3

Enter when all are in the same Direction

Exit when the 30 min change and re-enter when in the same direction again

tx

--- 帖子 #521 ---
gbp/chf

--- 帖子 #522 ---
yes that will work fine

or you can wait to exit till the 4 hour stoch changes direction

--- 帖子 #523 ---
I am starting to like how it looks but its late in the day

--- 帖子 #524 ---
yeah, i'm out of here. but someone might like it

--- 帖子 #525 ---
TEB,

Thanks for sharing your system with us. Have been studying it for a few days, and made good pips live trading it last night. Watching G/J, U/J, E/J, AND U/C.

Seems like PM is drying up. Lots of news this evening on yen. Should be a good night!

--- 帖子 #526 ---
30M has already well crossed....4H is shaping up nicely

according to the system would we wait for the 30M to re-load again before going short??

--- 帖子 #527 ---
its the safe way to play it

& when I only have 2 not 3 stochs I always do

but here when we have 3 all the same it normally doesn't matter

more to the point it is were the price to the 50ema is

& its great

but my biggest worry would be the time of day

But look at that big old tail!!

I like it but don't be greedy

bye - see you all later

--- 帖子 #528 ---
Thanks TEB,

Yes that is a nice tail on the 4H

I'm so tempted to take it but I think I will play it safe and wait for a re-load of the 30M

--- 帖子 #529 ---
Math

I believe what you may have left out is:

1: On the 30M chart price must be way below the EMA 50 before going long (way below is discretionery)

2: On the 30M chart, price must be way above the EMA 50 defore going short (way above is discretionary) may be tough to build into an EA.

JJ/.

--- 帖子 #530 ---
Having played with the 4 hour.1 hour,15 min TF today.

one day may not be a fait test but I would say

The day.4 hour,30mins is way safer & little easier to use

but the 1st tf is doable

& I might try it in a close market like yesterdays

TEB

--- 帖子 #531 ---
Teb,

After studying your system for a couple of weeks I did my first live trade last night. I got in on the AUDJPY at 94.35 Long and exited at 94.99 for 64 pips. I also got in on the CHFJPY Long at 96.15 and exited at 96.47 for 32 pips. 96 pips for my first night. I am very pleased.

Thank you for your system. I think after two years of research I finally found a strategy that fits my style and schedule.

The Pip Prince

--- 帖子 #532 ---
Great job PP!

--- 帖子 #533 ---
eur/usd

keep your eyes on it

--- 帖子 #534 ---
TEB, look at G/J !!

tell us what you think??

--- 帖子 #535 ---
G/U all TFs are down

--- 帖子 #536 ---
Attached Image

eur/usd 30 mins

we have a stronge channel see arrows

looking for a trade

we just need the 30 min stoch to turn

maybe if it was bussier ould take the trade on the big tail

bouncing off the bottom channel line

TEB

--- 帖子 #537 ---
i manage to get 25 pip from usd/jpy from teb's system

--- 帖子 #538 ---
G/J +100 pips

G/U +10

E/J  +30

U/J +18

Who hate Fridays??

Who still wait London session??

TEB System

--- 帖子 #539 ---
Still Kinda confused on the perfect structure and rules to follow but I'm making it up as I go along? haha. I attached a image of what I think is the right way to go about it? If I'm wrong please correct me as I'm looking to learn... Btw this is a 4 hour chart. So you would just trade on the shorts during this lovely trend? Thanks   Attached Image

--- 帖子 #540 ---
TEB rulzzzz  http://www.forexfactory.com/images/icons/icon10.gif i'm long on e/u @1.3327 and don't know how long to stay in this trade....

--- 帖子 #541 ---
I think 4H is turning down, what you think??

--- 帖子 #542 ---
yes, i've piped @1.3344...

--- 帖子 #543 ---
Anyone looking at new trades?

--- 帖子 #544 ---
Usd/Chf

Houston ....... Do we  have  Lift  off ?

--- 帖子 #545 ---
Thinking of shorting USD/JPY. 4H is coming down from the 80 level, 30 is about to do the same. The exact same setup cost me some pips earlier.

Let's see. Nice system though. Thanks TEB63.

--- 帖子 #546 ---
I did a course through a well know Canadian forex mentor that teaches multiple time frame (MTF) trading. Out of all the trading styles on FF MTF is what I have come back to, so I'm very happy to see this thread. Thanks.

On USD, Eur and Gbp - Yen I use 4 hour and 1 hour charts (recently changed from 30 min chart). I have standard MACD for divergence, 8 3 3 stoch, Williams % R on 14 and the Daily Fozzy thread's 8 sma, 8 rsi, Bol band combo on all time frames.

For other currencies that I watch (GBP, CHF and EUR - USD) I use 4hr, 1 hr and 30 min. I sometimes look at lower charts 15 and 5 min but thats more for scalping and I'm trying to move away from that.

OK I look for 2 time frames for stoch and W's % R to go overbought/sold. Once the higher time frame has gone OB/OS I look at the lower time frame for the daily fozzy indicator sma to cross the rsi and the final entry hurdle is for W's % R to cross the -50 line (which I have added to set alerts). This filter seems to help a great deal in keeping losing trades down.

Other things like macd or stoch divergence, candles, chart patterns, fib levels etc etc help of course but the above confluence of events works for me and I suppose thats what its all about.

Perhaps you say I am over using indicators you are probably right!! Anyway hope this might help tweak the basics of a successful trading style.

--- 帖子 #547 ---
The 4 hour is the key chart

I like for it to be coming out of the 20% or 80%

THe dat is Okay the way you have it

& the 30 min is ok-maybe with strong candle formations!

--- 帖子 #548 ---
The two main exits are

the turning of the 30 min stoch

or

the turning of the 4 hour stoch

see posting #466

--- 帖子 #549 ---
Usd/Chf

Lower  Bollinger  Bands ...........................

( Acting As Support )

--- 帖子 #550 ---
What do you think about usdjpy? Is there going to be a sharp fall on Core PCE? Daily crossed up but it it falls nice it will change to down again (uncross).

What do you think about candles in M30 and H4?

--- 帖子 #551 ---
Usd/Cad

Bollinger Bands................

(Acting as Resistance )

--- 帖子 #552 ---
neat charts

But I am not sure what you are doing?

do you have a # of bb on theres charts?

are the red lines on your chart from the stochs?

BB are great but they might be a differant stystem

I have found to keep it simple?

--- 帖子 #553 ---
Tebe,  It's  the  same  system as  your  method

I  have  just attempted  to  refine it a  little .....

I use
1 hr  bar for  larger  time  frame

and  15 min bars  for smaller  time frame

------------------------------------------

and  use

the touch  of Lower Bollinger Bands
instead  of  looking  for  cross of  Stochastics

-----------------------------------------------

There are  too  many  Stochastic  cross overs -

and  most  lag  behind  price , so  I find that  looking  for  the

touch  of  a  lower  Bolliner Bands ( if bullish ) to be more  reliable

than looking for  Stochatics or MACD  to  cross  over  .

---------------------------------------------------------

So here's how  it goes ( Bullish Senario )

Step1 - get a 1 hr  bar chart and apply Bollinger  Bands (21 bar Setting )

Step2 - make  sure price is  touching Lower Bands  on 1 hr bar chart

Step3 - after you know  that price  is  touching Lower Bollinger Bands  on

............on 1 hr  chart ,  then open  a  15 min chart

Step4 -  draw  your  1st Paralell Line on the  15 min chart and  label it 1 hr

Step5-  on the 15 min bar chart -watch  and  wait  for price to  rally and  pull  back

............. and  touch  the  Lower  Bollinger  Lines , and use as potential entry signal .

Step6- Only buy if  price  is touching Lower Bollinger Lines on 15 min charts !

It's That Simple !.................  Just as  you already say .

--- 帖子 #554 ---
TEB,

the euro/usd might take some time. Not even the daily has turned up in my chart!!

What do you think?

--- 帖子 #555 ---
so you are doing candle out candle in &/or touch & candle push off

and are the bb from the 15min?

--- 帖子 #556 ---
Its friday so we can expect proffit taking from the big boys

they have to eat too

so the day charts can be a problem on friday

as the market may do the opp of the day charts

but we have to be careful - a lot of trades take friday off

I think about 80% of the times I have losses are on friday!

--- 帖子 #557 ---
Seems like it is going south.

--- 帖子 #558 ---
yep

I looking for a new plan

--- 帖子 #559 ---
Can you post a chart?

--- 帖子 #560 ---
TEB

would you consider a signal when the stochs turn without below/above the 20/80 line?

would that be considered a valid signal, or is it better to wait for another movement that will penetrate those levels?
http://www.forexfactory.com/images/misc/progress.gif

--- 帖子 #561 ---
TEB, how do you see charts 8hr, 2hr and 30mins ?

--- 帖子 #562 ---
The 4 hour stoch - I like to see very clear sign

of at least one of the lines out of the zone

I see it as the most important of the 3 stochs

if you have that most times you are good to go looking.

& you may play alittle with the 30 min ie, big tail

--- 帖子 #563 ---
Eur/Usd

don't give up just yet on this pair

The day stoch is at 50% dead - it is saying nothing!

the 4 hour looks like it wants to go up

The 30 min stoch is up

& price look like it wants to brake back in to the bottom of 4 hour channel

have to wait till after news

( I'm real problems with my internet today!)

--- 帖子 #564 ---
don't know I can not do 8 or 2 hours

--- 帖子 #565 ---
Are you using MT4? Because in that case, you can.

--- 帖子 #566 ---
usd/cad seems to be setting up for short again, I know we are below the 50ema but the trend is definetely down.

what do you think ?

--- 帖子 #567 ---
I think you maybe right

4 hour stoch is still moving down

& I will follow that

I would not be surprised if you are right

--- 帖子 #568 ---
I took a long cable a while ago before the news, 1.9565, exit 1.9585 cross of 30min stoch. And usdcad short from 1.1567 , exit at 1.1533, Usdjpy short from 118.06, exit at 118.12. Marketwavez could you please post your charts of today`s signals, so we can see how is its going today?

--- 帖子 #569 ---
Anyone agree to short u/j?  Daily down, 4 hr down, 30 approaching ob. I'm not using MT,but I think the signals are close enough.

Patrice

--- 帖子 #570 ---
Sorry, first post. I meant E/J

--- 帖子 #571 ---
I got shaking knees just before numbers and got out of eur/jpy, usd/jpy both long and jpy futures short. too exposed on one side, I would have made a killing today, but then again it could have gone the other way.

done nothing all day apart from this.

I'm also looking at NZD/USD by the way, it could come down as well

--- 帖子 #572 ---
great stuff

--- 帖子 #573 ---
on my chart the 4hr is gone slightly up  for now, i will wait a little bit longer till it turns down and out of the 80% again

--- 帖子 #574 ---
my 4 hour just turned as well -

I will wait untill the 4 hour stoch comes under the 80 % line!!!!

then when the 30 min stoch turns

I think this a great one way over the 50 ema

I am watching it as well

Its now become my second pair of choice

--- 帖子 #575 ---
ptschabitzer, what we just said applies to both e/j and u/j

just wait and don't rush in for now, as TEB said it could turn out to be a nice trade if it goes. so we have all the time to wait for the proper set-up

--- 帖子 #576 ---
Thanks Hornet,

Patience is a virtue.

--- 帖子 #577 ---
we've been talking about e/j since yesterday. I think that it did what it was supposed to do (that bounce up from 155,60) and will be ready to turn soon, it might still do another 25-30 pips up.

that is why you don't want to get in too early

--- 帖子 #578 ---
I'm full ahead flank short, scalped 10 point on buy stop @ news. Will see in 15 minutes...

--- 帖子 #579 ---
your system today TEB is giving several good signals, only the yen a very small loss but anyway a very good day, thanks to you TEB.

--- 帖子 #580 ---
great!!

what were your pairs

--- 帖子 #581 ---
waiting for the top of the hour. E/J is turning on the 30m

--- 帖子 #582 ---
I'm using Oanda and the USD/JPY Daily has crossed, as well as the 3 hour for a long trade...why would you guys be looking to short?

The UDS/CHF is the same way...

--- 帖子 #583 ---
I think the EJ is stronger then the UJ both will go if one does -

normally but it is Friday

--- 帖子 #584 ---
I use Oanda as well

BUT THE THREE hour is not near as good!!

Get a MT4 demo!!

--- 帖子 #585 ---
keep an eye on usd/cad as well

--- 帖子 #586 ---
I have it turned ?

--- 帖子 #587 ---
Its on the right side of price( wrong side for trading) of the 50 ema

--- 帖子 #588 ---
but the daily doesn't look so good yet, 8hr is even worse.

--- 帖子 #589 ---
yep, but the trend is the trend

--- 帖子 #590 ---
short E/U at 1.3310 anyone else?

--- 帖子 #591 ---
godd on you, careful at .3290 , short term support. if it breaks you're in for a good run...

I will get in, stop sell at 1.3286

--- 帖子 #592 ---
My stop is at even.

--- 帖子 #593 ---
I went long on both the U/J and U/CHF and am cash positive currently waiting for the 3 hour to cross back down...

--- 帖子 #594 ---
the trend is your friend, did anyone else take usd/cad ?

--- 帖子 #595 ---
Did you take it before the 30m signal?

--- 帖子 #596 ---
no, straight afterwards, got in at 1.1538

not many pips but I was convinced it would go down

--- 帖子 #597 ---
Blanca, those trades did very well. Congratulations

--- 帖子 #598 ---
me too, short euro 1.3313 and short cable 1.9584, just closed cable at 1.9572, lets see euro if it holds a little more.

--- 帖子 #599 ---
Mathematician

I hope you complete the EA - I would like to use it to send/make alerts so that one does not have to watch all the charts all the time.

I have just finished reading the whole thread. I suggest the following rules to get started.

My understanding is that where the Stoch are relative to the 20 and 80 lines are where the discretionary part of the system comes in. I suggest therefore that you leave it out of the EA for now. I would also suggest to leave the rules around the 50 EMA out for now - they are (in my opinion) filters of the core system.

The core system as I understand it is:

Go long when:

On D1 chart %K>%D, and

On 4H chart %K>%D, and

On 30 min chart %K>%D

The opposite is used for shorts

If we have an EA - or maybe an indicator with alerts that notifies us when the above conditions are true then we may not miss it when it happens.

If you want to include the rules around the 20 and 80 lines I think they should be ignored on the D1 chart. From how I understand the position of the Stoch relative to the 20 and 80 lines are most important on the 4 hour chart.

Teb - please confirm that the rules above is correct

--- 帖子 #600 ---
entered short E/J at .24

--- 帖子 #601 ---
entered short U/C at .32

--- 帖子 #602 ---
That was so ugly.....U/J & U/CHF...thank god for stops

--- 帖子 #603 ---
Closed short on USDJPY @ 117.61 (618 fibo)

Entered shorts on Cable @ 684 and 655 (daily range hit) TP 640

WOW

--- 帖子 #604 ---
U/CAD falling hard

--- 帖子 #605 ---
and now "bongo" action? 150 up and down? Friday?

Donno have time to handle 5 trades at once - add new,  close curent, set tp etc lol

--- 帖子 #606 ---
I read somewhere this is not a good week to trade. The last week in any quarter for that matter. Banks are squaring positions, and leads to surprise spikes here and there.

--- 帖子 #607 ---
USD/CAD turned out nice but not as much as I thought it would.

--- 帖子 #608 ---
end of fiscal year in Japan, next week should be a very active one

--- 帖子 #609 ---
---------------------------------------------------------------

Ok, here it is ........ ( See  Chart Below )

I use
1 hr  bar for  larger  time  frame

and  15 min bars  for smaller  time frame

------------------------------------------

and  use

the touch  of Lower Bollinger Bands
instead  of  looking  for  cross of  Stochastics

-----------------------------------------------

There are  too  many  Stochastic  cross overs -

and  most  lag  behind  price , so  I find that  looking  for  the

touch  of  a  lower  Bolliner Bands ( if bullish ) to be more  reliable

than looking for  Stochatics or MACD  to  cross  over  .

---------------------------------------------------------

So here's how  it goes ( Bullish Senario )

Step1 - get a 1 hr  bar chart and apply Bollinger  Bands (21 bar Setting )

Step2 - make  sure price is  touching Lower Bands  on 1 hr bar chart

Step3 - after you know  that price  is  touching Lower Bollinger Bands  on

............on 1 hr  chart ,  then open  a  15 min chart

Step4 -  draw  your  1st Paralell Line on the  15 min chart and  label it 1 hr

Step5-  on the 15 min bar chart -watch  and  wait  for price to  rally and  pull  back

............. and  touch  the  Lower  Bollinger  Lines , and use as potential entry signal .

Step6- Only buy if  price  is touching Lower Bollinger Lines on 15 min charts !

It's That Simple !.................  Just as  you already say .

--- 帖子 #610 ---
Hi Guys

I had to go & I just got came back

& had all my targets hit on 7 trades!!!

EJ

UJ

5 Eur/Usd

GREAT

been a great week!!!!!

--- 帖子 #611 ---
You know I like BB

& if they work for you great

But I am wondering do you know how they work

I am not trying to be funny in any way

but they are "big time lag"
They are based on 20 simply SMA normally

( somethings 14 .......

I see you are using 21 that is intersting- Why 21? 20 is the standard )

The Stoch we are using are 3/5 EMA

so the stochs we are using will get the sign 3 or 4 times faster

then the BB you are using

If they are working for you great

But I think a RSI would be better for you if you like BB

& it works really well - it was a system I used to like

Maybe still pull a 4 hour stoch for the trend?!

(if you want email personally - I think I have a full system on RSI & BB ebook)

then what we are doing

just a thought

But glad for your input

TEB

--- 帖子 #612 ---
Ok  here  is  today's  trade that  just happend

using Bollinger Bands -

Usd/Gbp ---- 2  simple  steps !

---------------------------------------------

See  charts  below

--- 帖子 #613 ---
What is the brown line?

--- 帖子 #614 ---
STEP 1 ..................

--- 帖子 #615 ---
STEP 2 .....................................

--- 帖子 #616 ---
Read this again ! -  It  explains

---------------------------------------------------------

So here's how it goes ( Bullish Senario )

Step1 - get a 1 hr bar chart and apply Bollinger Bands (21 bar Setting )

Step2 - make sure price is touching Lower Bands on 1 hr bar chart

Step3 - after you know that price is touching Lower Bollinger Bands on

............on 1 hr chart , then open a 15 min chart

Step4 - draw your 1st Paralell Line on the 15 min chart and label it 1 hr Bar

--------( this is  the  1st thick brown line that  you see on the  charts )

Step5- on the 15 min bar chart -watch and wait for price to rally and pull back

............. and touch the Lower Bollinger Lines , and use as potential entry signal .

Step6- Only buy if price is touching Lower Bollinger Lines on 15 min charts !

------------------------------------------------------------------------

--- 帖子 #617 ---
Tebe , ............
The  heart of  the  system starts  with  observing  when price

is touching lower Bollinger Band Lines  on the 1 hr bar chart

-------------------------------------------------------------------------
There is no  need  to wait  for  a Stochastic or  MACD Cross over

If you  did  this  this  morning -

You would  have  seen  the  Gbp/Usd trade posted  above ............

It's  that  simple -

Keep  watching   the  1  hr bar  charts ..............

--- 帖子 #618 ---
I see what you are doing -Great

same Idea many - MTF one tool

if its working more powert to you!!!

But why do you think it is faster then the stoch

standard Macd is just a little slower then the settings you are

on  Sars would also be quicker?

The BB I have used a lot

& tried even MTF they work okay

Did you try the stochs?

anyways good speaking

& good luck

TEB System Rules

--- 帖子 #619 ---
You want to know something funny

both ways if you use 1 hour & 15mins -Stoch & BB ( I used 21 simple closed)

in this case take the trade in the very same place

Good trade
Attached Image

30 mins Cable

blue is hour sign in both BB & Stoch

Arrow is both in

To me this shows what I said to start this thread back in post #1

the tools are 2nd  place to the time frames

pick your own tools & make it work!!

so thank !!!

--- 帖子 #620 ---
Attached Image

No I was wrong that last chart was the hour

this is the 15 min chart

The stochs are in 2 candles sooner then the BB

That is what I thought

The BB is a great System ... just a lot slower then the stochs

Thanks for your imput

TEB system

--- 帖子 #621 ---
Tebe ,

the Bolinger Bands  that you are using are not

the same  as  the ones that I am using .............

There are different types of  Bollinger Bands !

- So please be  aware  of  this ....

-------------------------------------------------------

I use the  Bollinger  Bands  that   have  Fibonacci  Raio's within them .

This  is the  better  Bollinger Bands to  use - (  21 bar setting )

See  charts  above

--------------------------------------------------------------

--- 帖子 #622 ---
market,

how is your exit signal? could you please post the bollinger band with fibonacci indicator?

--- 帖子 #623 ---
Not really only one kind -diff setting

but at any rate what ever was your settings

the stochs get in 2 candles faster !!

(look on your charts where you get in is the same as on my charts-

I went back to your charts to see - the fibs make little diff in small TF

on the bigger ones for sure!!)

BUT BUT BUT Your system works Great !!

Congrads man

Go And make lots of money

Thanks for the imput I had fun comparing

I also did the 3 trades I took this morning

(again I used BB simple 21 )

EU`EJ, UJ

all three where the same

both systems win

in each case the stochs were in 2 candles faster

I have to go or I would like to see the exits

if the stochs are out 2 candles faster

then that might not Be good for the BB system

I will look into it next week

again congrads & you helped me prove tools are 2nd to MTF!!

thanks

TEB

--- 帖子 #624 ---
blanka

I can't post the link with the indicator here

because the moderartors of this forum give me a hard time

saying its commercial link and needs approval-

i  have  written  to  Merlin ......Who I think is  a  moderator
It's  been  2 weeks  now  and  he  has not responded back

So , I  am  still waiting

Basically , I   have  to  wait for the moderator approval to post the links

otherwise they kick me out .............

-----------------------------------------------------------------

Hopefully  I hear from Merlin  soon

--- 帖子 #625 ---
I believe the rule states that once you hit 100 posts you can insert links.  Since you're at 98 now, you're almost there. :-)  Otherwise people can PM you for the link.  That's ok.

Speaking of which, would you mind PM'ing me the link? :-)

Thanks,

Jason

--- 帖子 #626 ---
BB are a very very reliable tool but a bit too slow. Obviously the later it gives you the signal, the more accurate it's going to be but.....they lag !!!

--- 帖子 #627 ---
Marketwavez

Please start your own thread if you think BB's are usefull (with or without stochs)

Let TEB3 do his thread as shown in post 1.

--- 帖子 #628 ---
I was just thinking about starting Oanda.  I've been using FOREX.com, and before that FXCM.com.  However, the spreads on Oanda are much smaller.  I never opened an account with them because I wasn't sure if they were credible or not.  I mean, I'm sure many people use it, but out of all the 20 people I know personally who trade never even heard of it.

So, I was wondering if you would recommend it?  I'd love to switch over right away from FOREX.com if you never had any problems with Oanda.  Always got your money on time?  Always had slippage problems fixed?

THANKS!

Also, do you know how far the history goes back on the Oanda's trade station?  I mean, I think the 30 min chart on MT4 can go back sometime in 2005.  How far can the 30 min chart go back in Oanda?  FOREX.com can only go back about a week.  I'm asking because I want to use a mac and MT4 isn't compatible.

James

--- 帖子 #629 ---
I'm using Oanda right now. You're right the spreads are great. I've never had any issues on fills (pretty much instantantaneous). Their trading platform is suficient. Although I just downloaded MT4 by suggestion from TEB. It looks pretty slick. The only negative about Oanda is that it's a dealing desk and not a Non-Dealing Desk.

--- 帖子 #630 ---
Hi TEB,

Just wanted to say thank you again!

Used the Daily,4H,30m all week.  Learning what my best entries are,  and having very good success.

Appreciate all the insight into trading you are putting into this thread!

Gail

--- 帖子 #631 ---
I think they are very good

they are the 3rd biggest FX brooker

& what I like about them is they never bet against you

they really don't care if you win or lose

they ONLY take the spread.

you can bet as little as penny's if you like.

the only down sides is the way you get money to them & out

can be a bit high

& you can never get anyone if you need the desk is bad do every thing by computer

very few people around

But if a mistake happens they will make it right

they don't do funny things with price- ever

other then in the big US news!

& last their flatform is the pits

TEB

--- 帖子 #632 ---
It's weekend and we shall celebrate not "work" but what the hell

Closed all 5 trades just before market close with some profit. Polish TV announced that US goes on a war with Iran on 6th of April but I can't find any info on major news sites. Did U heard anything? I wonder if it influences the markets somehow.

What do you think about trading just after market opens? Stochs are turning back to continue Fridays big moves... will $ keep loosing?

Good weekend!

--- 帖子 #633 ---
Hi  Hadrys ,

just make a google ->  Operation Bite

if this is going to happen , its very possible that we can say good by to our

way of life !!!!

--- 帖子 #634 ---
I think April 1st came to Poland T.V. Early

TEB

--- 帖子 #635 ---
Bite is pure rumor. If it happened Bush would be impeached!

--- 帖子 #636 ---
teb: I think April 1st came to Poland T.V. Early

drayco: Bite is pure rumor. If it happened Bush would be impeached!

hoped to thought like that but kind of a sick joke... :/

However Eisenhower and 100 US airplanes "training" nearby aren't funny at all. Maybe it's time to put 100pips stop loss on every trade just in case of surprising news?

--- 帖子 #637 ---
Nice tool...

--- 帖子 #638 ---
WOW! Interesting indicator. Thanks!

--- 帖子 #639 ---
Would you please provide some guidance as to how this indicator is best used?  Thanks

--- 帖子 #640 ---
got dumb question here i have read the first 15 pages and do not understand how to get the time lines on the chart the rest i understand so if you dont mind give me a yell back

thank you      pat

--- 帖子 #641 ---
Just preparing much simplier version showing only period state but with configurable colors, levels and periods (rest of stoch is now set to default instead of original indicator). It should be more accurate for our purpose and it had some bugs. Give me a second to finish

--- 帖子 #642 ---
draw them on by hand - I think it is the best way

start with the day stoch - draw on the chart a line where the stoch crosses

drop down the 4 hour chart - then draw a 2nd line where the stoch crosses

then drop down to the 30 min chart

TEB

--- 帖子 #643 ---
TEB- Liked the commentary but could I see an example of it? It'd make it easier to understand... Thanks!

--- 帖子 #644 ---
go to TEB63 simple System Thread & read how to do it there

TEB

--- 帖子 #645 ---
Hi,

I've modified DigiStoch to serve us (hopefully) better than the original. It's simpler, much more adjustable and shows "our" stoch settings (default 553, Low/High, simple) but most of it, doesn't clutter the chart. Keep it simple!

This a preliminary release so please comment. I can add another stoch settings if required , maybe a sound alarm for custom TFs? I'm not an MQ4 master but it's not that hard

MidLevel defines where you consider signal to be weak. So if stoch is uptrend and over given number it changes to the darkest color, so you'll know how far it is to reversal zone. Set this for uptrend only.

--- 帖子 #646 ---
You cant use this and digistochs together, and will interfere regardless if they are on the chart or not. You should change all your object references to entirely different values than what is in digistochs.

--- 帖子 #647 ---
Hi Teb63,

I am following your thread and like your methods. There were also some interesting indicators.

At the same time I was busy with one which I think had more to do with your method.

It is still a bit under construction and I have a normal day job, so I cannot respond to many questions about my indicator.

One thing is for sure, you earn all the credit!

It uses vertical lines the same way you do.

You can handle 4 periods, but I have got them default on the 3 you mention. The lowest TF has the thinest line, the highest the thickest.

For each period/TF you can show more than 1 line, if you want. Default 1, except period 2, it is zero, because it is the default 1 hour period, which you don't use.

You can also change the MA method and pricefield.

If you think the line should shift 1 or more bars, you can change that.

For each period you can set an alert and/or a send mail.

Enjoy!

--- 帖子 #648 ---
Hi fewhills

very nice indicator...

Do you know a sto. indicator that change the  color of the lines when it change the direction ?

--- 帖子 #649 ---
Fewhills,

Very nice indicator....Thanks!

--- 帖子 #650 ---
hi guys

this all looks great- I have no put in on charts

but has anyone check to see if they are the

same as when we just draw them on ?

I am not a tekie but I had some help a few months a go

from someone that is & we tried about 15 of these programs

& all of them where behind just drawing on the lines

has anyone here tried & compare the computer lines to the hand lines?

if one of these systems is as good please let me know!@

but if they are not tried I would try them 1st

--- 帖子 #651 ---
Not a problem however can't see point in using both

PS how do we trade today?

--- 帖子 #652 ---
trade today?

well my oanda account is at 10 spread

so I must wait untill it becomes normal

but you can trade the gap closing

the system will start after it closes

trend will be with gap once it closes likely

the thing I would like about your system would just be the alarm

--- 帖子 #653 ---
>TEB63

>well my oanda account is at 10 spread

>so I must wait untill it becomes normal

does this always happen on market open? hmmm

>but you can trade the gap closing

>the system will start after it closes

>trend will be with gap once it closes likely

I'm thinking about trading with the gap already. Remember few weeks ago when cable fell 150 pips on Friday and on Monday it rebound few points and fell 200 pips?

>the thing I would like about your system would just be the alarm

I'll try to make it but it should be configurable to turn it on/off for each TF.

--- 帖子 #654 ---
like a 90%+

chance the price will close the gap then go with the gap once it closes

--- 帖子 #655 ---
Tell me about it  I'm short already and in +

Will see, some volume came in

--- 帖子 #656 ---
you are a brave man

but it looks like it might me one of those 10%

it just takes off- good luck

but if it does turn on you it will still like come back down

(you in UJ or EJ or what)

but

vol is saying up not down

& big tails on the botton of the candles esp 15 candles

15 min stoch as turn up

& the 30 min looks like it wants to?!

--- 帖子 #657 ---
Sometimes toooooo brave  but no risk no gain, if they go up it want be much - I'm in U/J. Daily turned down, but you know the thing with stoch... if it not crosses it can always go down with big moves. But in general now it should happen something on Yen pairs, maybe at Japnise news?

We'll see who was right

--- 帖子 #658 ---
I think you are right it will not go up much

I still think it will close the gap- then it will drop

that is when I will get in!

but I will wait & see

--- 帖子 #659 ---
we are right at the 50% fib of high/low around the gap

if it runs this fib - it will likely take out the gap

but it looks like it might(?) bounce off the 50%(?)

to we blow through the 50 we are at the 61.8 fib

117.80 is close to closing the gap & it is the next big fib 76.8

117.77 is the 50 ema

--- 帖子 #660 ---
it's bouncing of .618 from last L/H - now little higher

sterling closed the gap, euro nearly so now let's rock

maybe I'll get some additional positions right now?

--- 帖子 #661 ---
I think it will take out the gap

maybe the 50ema will do- its the 20sma & the 76.4 fib too very strong!!

but either way wait for the 30 min stoch to turn back

I mean to say 15 min stoch sorry

--- 帖子 #662 ---
taken

either way an irc #channel might be an idea lol

PS that's going to be a long night, I'm GMT+1 so it's 0100 but hopefully profitable night (Japan and China trading).

--- 帖子 #663 ---
it missed closing  the gap by one pip on one chart

& closed it on oanda

amazing!! I love computer

--- 帖子 #664 ---
that beer works bad on my eyes  right now it still needs 4 more pips... hmm

shouldn't all platforms show the same numbers?

--- 帖子 #665 ---
now my other chart took out the gap to the pip & turned

--- 帖子 #666 ---
Exactly to the pip and also overshot .618 by one pip and hit exactly this years 618 - I must admit they go exactly on 618s today - gap, than up etc

I played on usdjpy and switched to cable for nearly half a year but it was so easy to play on Londons open and daily range... till now. As far I can see UJ is behaving all the time the same! Accurate with large moves.

Hmmm are we going down?

--- 帖子 #667 ---
no the 4X is the wild west... the brookers make up the rules as they go

they have to keep close or people will leave them

and of coarse 10 am & noon est the Usa fed says what the price should be

and at 8:15pm est the eur centre bank tells us what the price should be

but other then those times - look luck

oanda is the best

'the reason I say that is they never have to change their price at those 3 times! all the other you see change around that time

i got in a little wail a go I am at even -

but the spread I got in at with oanda is still 10

I am ticked they always drop it before now

they are never this long 10o

--- 帖子 #668 ---
I've got 3pips spread on UJ all the time

I'm going to think about switching to oversees broker when my balance gets a little bigger and with this expenses it's not going to happen soon lol (I'm buying another Mercedes ) but the point is that I have to pay 19% tax from fx incomes!!!! :/ I wonder if I open an fx account in US for example + bank account on Canary Islands... ehh

--- 帖子 #669 ---
normally its jpy 1.8 eur 1.2 normaly

--- 帖子 #670 ---
aaaahaaa  so maybe not buy MB and open an account @ oanda?

Ok news time, buy stop 117.90

--- 帖子 #671 ---
ej has a big tail ... low vol up

--- 帖子 #672 ---
yeah it went up because of EU? kinda mixed... UJ not so happy to go down though

--- 帖子 #673 ---
UJ - the 30 min stoch looks like  it is about to cross down

if it does I think it maybe a good size drop

--- 帖子 #674 ---
What you think NOW??

--- 帖子 #675 ---
sunday is low vol - a tough week - end of 1/4

but I think it is going to go with the gap

that tail is still there?

--- 帖子 #676 ---
shorted eur/jpy, signs of topping, 30min and 4h stoch pointing down

--- 帖子 #677 ---
may be a signal in U/CAD, G/J, U/J, NZD/USD, CAD/JPY, AUD/JPY from while

what everybody think??

--- 帖子 #678 ---
yep i think we will see a lot of signs now in the next little wail

--- 帖子 #679 ---
short eurjpy 157.19, let`s see how it goes.

--- 帖子 #680 ---
Gbp/jpy Short 231.70

--- 帖子 #681 ---
do you have the 4 hour stoch cross?

mine has not.

--- 帖子 #682 ---
ibfx shows a cross on the 4hour already but fxdd's stoch has not crossed....

--- 帖子 #683 ---
yes it crossed

what is your broker??

--- 帖子 #684 ---
My 4H shows the 5,3,3 crossing down thru it's signal;  and slightly below 80 at 2215est.

--- 帖子 #685 ---
i see what you mean

the lines on each chart are where the 4hour arrow was

I wasn"t sure were the 1 hour and 30 min line was to be inserted

pic

1 is 4 hr

2 is 1hr

3 is 30 min

--- 帖子 #686 ---
nothing to do today ?

--- 帖子 #687 ---
eur/jpy

--- 帖子 #688 ---
CHOP CHOP

--- 帖子 #689 ---
Normal we do 1 day, 4 hour ,30 mins

The hour & the 30 min are too close to tell you much

TEB

--- 帖子 #690 ---
Attached Image

30 min Usd/jpy

Which way is it going to go?

stochs all over the place

I closed out my trades from last night

27 pips & 8 pips

I still think it will go down

But ... I would rather be safe

--- 帖子 #691 ---
hi teb, good morning

i left opened my eurjpy short since last night, right now i am zero, waiting for the 4hrs stoch to cross, i guess it was not a good idea, how did you close it? sometimes seems it`s better use 30min stoch, sometimes 4hrs stoch, which is better ? because placing a trade to get out with nothing is kind of frustrating.

--- 帖子 #692 ---
its a feeling thing

& A candle thing

But what I am doing a lot now

is closing 1/2 at the 30 min stoch

& moving up my stop loss at that point

& closing the other 1/2 at the 4 hour stoch

--- 帖子 #693 ---
I've set sound alerts and went to bed, missed closing the trades where you probably did - waited too long when M30 crossed :/ But is't wired that U/J is not following Cable and Eurusd or rather dollar looses.

However from a triangle they should go down... should  EurJpy braking down?

--- 帖子 #694 ---
T’day is SLOW on EURUSD, but patience will prevail or so I’m told

Sorry if my freakin charts did not hang on me, I would have noticed the EU Long, But I entered anyway at 1.3375

--- 帖子 #695 ---
why do you say that?

please tell me what you see in the triangle?

I can not tell from it personally.

I have this pair up in a 4 hour trend - right smack in the middle of the channel

man other then the gap down yesterday with is strong down

I have no Idea

--- 帖子 #696 ---
The loonie might have a trade coming

but again I have it right at the top of the 4 hour channel

--- 帖子 #697 ---
Triangle formation is suppose to go down lol donno, just guessing and trying to make myself feel better. Closed 1/3 @ 0 to be more flexible.

But if you look back they often open with a gap after longer trend and reverse than for some pips. But again it's likely to cross down on M30 do Daily soon!

--- 帖子 #698 ---
Been watching, too. It has some potential to the upside. But, I think I better wait on the news.

--- 帖子 #699 ---
Hi Guys

I am taking off

been fighting my internet since 5:00am this morning

& I give up

Closed eur & Cable trades from last night

because of my internet mostly

but also news at 10:00EST becareful

the big boys will use news this week to thier ends

see you later

--- 帖子 #700 ---
this stoc indicator can monitor stoch in day, 4hr and 1hr chart.

--- 帖子 #701 ---
is there going to happen something reasonable/profitable on usdjpy or we can go to sleep? :/ stochs cross and uncross all the time

--- 帖子 #702 ---
Is anyone watching G/U? It looks promising. Resistance at 1.9811. May take some time,  but everything else looks out of sorts. What are your thoughts?

--- 帖子 #703 ---
UJ - Chop Chop

up out of the tri. with a bearish candle formation?

Stochs all over the place

better odds if you flip a coin- I think

I think a # of the other pairs are reloading though esp A/U & the G/U

and I am realy thinking USDCHF maybe reloading I will be watching the 4 hour stoch-

I like where it is on the 4 hour channel-a bounce tail & all

(as I am editing the price is moving up!! I like it)

I am still having problems with my internet

so not sure I want to trade anyways- till I get it fixed

but I don't see much

thought about dropping down a time frame

but I think I will hold to the 30 mins

TEB

--- 帖子 #704 ---
Pulled +5 out of the CAD and got out. It was stalling and I still think the overall trend on that one is CAD strength so I didn't like the idea of hanging on to a buy for too long.

--- 帖子 #705 ---
I think U/J is about to fall. ????

--- 帖子 #706 ---
stochastics  all over  the  place ?

Stochastics  is  always  all over  the  place !

Anyway  congradulations , on your  28  pip gain

--- 帖子 #707 ---
it should fall hours ago, and I hope it will keep falling for 150 pips to compensate my sleepless night ;] stochs cross and after a while uncross, but the range is smaller all the time so it should jump either way sooner than later

--- 帖子 #708 ---
not really

they lines up last night very well!

on the cable eur/Usd & even the UJ

--- 帖子 #709 ---
How did everyone do today?

man what a slow day-

good night but slow day

TEB

--- 帖子 #710 ---
just the 5 pips from CAD

--- 帖子 #711 ---
I don't know how you guys are putting real money on this stoch indicator, you guys need to understand the idea of this strategy, the indicators always tell you what happened before, they will never tell you what will happen in the future, and this strategy of 3 time frames tells you, your position at this time, I don't think an stoch is needed for this, better yet stoch is misleading meaning it will cross and uncross, which therefore trick you and clouds you from success. Using your eyes will be more profitable than stoch

--- 帖子 #712 ---
Forexpert310,

No offense , but do you trade...I mean for a living??

If you did you would know that an edge is just something that puts probabilites in your favor....and most would agree that a mulit time frame approach is a solid base to trade with.

As Teb has stated the main aim of the tread is to bring attn to the Multi time frame approach....the Stochs are just his tool of choice.

I think it is a great thread that will help people widen there percetion of the market proir to entry.

Cheers Teb.

Once again ...no offense forexexpert

--- 帖子 #713 ---
Anyone see a signal tonight?

B.

--- 帖子 #714 ---
Yeah, trading the trend in big TF and shooting from small TF.

Utimately, the bigger TF trend is the edge.

--- 帖子 #715 ---
Yes I agree that's why I said you don't really need stoch to do so....

--- 帖子 #716 ---
So what are your eyes looking for

--- 帖子 #717 ---
What approach do you suggest ?

jj/.

--- 帖子 #718 ---
And why do you need small TF's if not using any indicators? Just curious because I've traded without any helpers in the beginning and now I would do this in at least H1, what's the difference if shooting blind

btw very nice UJ and EJ... UJ half a night was looking short and now I'm so fuc... :/

--- 帖子 #719 ---
This works well for me.

I used to have a lot of whipsaws or trades running away against my position.

Now looking at the larger TF, with whatever tool, and "shooting from the smaller" TF, I either turn profit immediately or if it does turn neg, it usually is not as bad and I can break even or get out.

MTF & Stock Rule  and personally I think a good way for newbs to learn to spot the trend.

--- 帖子 #720 ---
I'm not saying using stoch is pointless, NO ITS NOT, stoch is a total Bullshit , what stoch does is, it gives you the confidence on opening a trade, but what’s bad about it is that it tricks you by crossing and uncrossing....that’s why what TEB is doing is that he looks for the candle formation and uses his ema to make sure...TEB is a pro trader, I thank him for sharing his method,  and lowering the 95% ratio of the losers
Here is a tip
forex is the psychology of people, do you wonder sometimes that you see a pair on your chart suddenly drops 20-30 pip for no goddamn reason? and there is no news or anything? It’s not true, there is a reason why it did that... it was on a mission to stop out a bunch of people, just know that in that 30 pip drop thousands of people got stopped out. The funny thing is that the big trillion dollar investors and banks who get all the money know exactly the ratio and percentage of the people who buy and sell which pairs and also their stops....

--- 帖子 #721 ---
So what's the tip.....no stops or don't do Forex?

jj/.

--- 帖子 #722 ---
I know what you are saying and I do agree that a stoch on a short term is not a strong signal....however I think the thread is looking at the PA with the stoch....also not the cross as such and more so the turning of the stoch , above or below 20 / 80

Anyway....how about some something positive.... how a trader can use the  MTF approach to his best.....??

--- 帖子 #723 ---
P.S. you bring up a point to a newbie like me....how do all the Banks / trillion dollar investors on the planet colaberate to bring down the pairs 20-30 pips...???

jj?>

--- 帖子 #724 ---
Why do I try and assert myself, trading any system your own or somebody else is still a personal thing, correct.

If your talking about the EURUSD...Thats where the longer TF and my own EMA's together with the stochs saved my bud and I actually got out with a profit and might even looking into getting in lower with another Long at a lower price and profit again, because the Daily (Extended TF) stochs and EMA's are still up, all depending if the 4hr (Intermediate TF) stochs will turn and then waiting for the 30min (Diminutive TF) stochs/EMA's

As previously stated, the EMA's (Lagging) alone, usually gave whipsaws

tx once again TEB for sharing

--- 帖子 #725 ---
K here it is, TEB showed us one thing that people never paid attention to. multiple time frames, you see some people only trade on 5min and some only 1h or 30m...etc and most of the time they trade and they'll lose because their not looking at the big picture here... you never sell when the poor H4 or daily chart tells you the market is a buy. because your chances of losing is high.TEB tought us always look at all the time frames before making your decision and he uses stoch because it goes with his mentality, do you guys remember the movie called the perfect storm? I picture the Market as a wave and picture myself as a little boat stuck in a storm, any second a wave could come and destroy me from any direction, but what I can best do is try to go and follow the wave and survive. you see, you can never be the wave but you can be the little boat that survives, also another problem with this strategy is that it mostly works on trends and 20% of the market is made of trend, what I'm doing right now is working with a team of mathematicians and making a system using psychology, statistics and math to trade... were almost in its last stage it will be done soon and will be out for free, and also I just hope that your account doesn't turn out the way the movie ended

--- 帖子 #726 ---
looking forward to! it not to trade it but I'm very curious how it handles different market conditions - choppy especially

and here is my thought - do you agree that there is something bad happening recently to the markets? I don't know is it because of infamous carry trades, new quarter or Japanese new fiscal year? Dunno but it's to choppy, to sleepy with only sudden spikes and long runs in not always obvious direction.

--- 帖子 #727 ---
hadrys here you want a holy grail? do this

50 stoploss, take profit 6

it works on choppy markets as well  any direction

--- 帖子 #728 ---
No, I don't want one, to be hones I had one... max simple, no fancy stuff, just my eye, fibo retracement and little help from murrey math (gives sort of fibo s/r levels but automatically, precisely and in any TF). It was piece of cake! Smooth market, jumping from one wave to another from Londons open just to take a 100 pips ride on a big one. It gave me at least +100% balance in one week up to 2,5x balance in one week! That's why I like "the small boat in the middle of the ocean" story

And near X-mass and after it, it become more and more choppy and harder to play. So that's why I ask. Is that only my point of view, bad shape or there is something bad going on? I really would like to do something about it. I'm not looking right now for such gains, I just need constant profits, even 25 pips a day would be enough. Just no to open a trade, chop for 3/4 a day, go into - and than finally take profits.

Best regards

--- 帖子 #729 ---
wow forexpert310,

You are like an abstract artist.....walk into a room - splash some shit around - and leave thinking you are god.

I will do my best to stay afloat.

--- 帖子 #730 ---
and this is why I use them  , loose less and gain more

Because of this I'm at level 4 now

http://img2.freeimagehosting.net/uploads/7cef1506e9.jpg1) Demo

2) Trade 1st account and blew it

3) Back to the drawing board and get some basics

4) Start to show a consistent profit

5)

6)

7) Trade for a living

5 & 6 Will probably be something like developing a system with all the knowledge I obtained like the STOCHS & LAGER TF's, working it until I do this as my sole income.

and with this I think I said enough or actually to much.

--- 帖子 #731 ---
hahaha I'm not quite sure if level 7 is desired as on the picture  level 7 should be a nice tropical beach with woman and drinks + your ultra portable laptop to click something from time to time and let the money work for itself

--- 帖子 #732 ---
Admittedly, I’ll definitely have to work on the dream and edit the picture

--- 帖子 #733 ---
my good friend once told me - aim much higher than you want and you'll hit somewhere between but much above the target, just don't shoot vertically because the bullet will fall on your head

just launched murrey and agree with Teb, 118,75 is the ultimate resistance and should not be breached, hard selling should occur.

--- 帖子 #734 ---
TEB63,

Thanks again for your guidance.  Would you please tell us which 2 ma's you are using in your last post?

--- 帖子 #735 ---
I don’t post a lot, but just so that I’m not mistaken for a troll due to my outrage in this thread just today.

This is my current approach for the EURUSD, the only pair I trade

EURUSD opened @ 1.3366, above the daily Pivot which means the base is Long, this is confirmed with the daily Stochs and my own EMA’s.

It moved down below today's pivot at 1.3359 on a narrow daily range.

It just finished a Triangle Pattern and the downward movement is continuing

This sounds a lot like the newsletters I received when I started trading… you subscribe to every news letter and signal service (free) that you can find, hoping they will tell you something and after reading them when they arrive in your mailbox, and you sit back for a smoke you think to yourself…. Okay so the first paragraphs is suggesting a Buy, but wait the next one says we must sell….

Now I don’t give a hoot about the above although I might look at it at the start of my trading day, and during the day if I get bored, it gives me a feeling of importance :surprised

I only watch the Stochs, enter in the direction of the daily trend followed by the 4hr and then 30 min, I may confirm an exit with the ema’s on larger TF.

Currently we are still in that same vicinity, and 2 scenarios are presenting it self Daily stochs is still up and not over bought, Daily ema’s is still upBut the 4hr stochs is down, and ema’s seem to be dropping like a sack of weed, as soon as they cross and the 30 min’s give me a good entry, I’ll scalp a quick 5-10 pips on the short.  4hr Stochs is down and the ema’s are turningKeep an eye on the Daily, as soon as they change and the ema’s is making a turn, wait for the 30 min, which will probable be in Oversold to give a good entry and away ya go for short.  Either way be patient and the money will come.

--- 帖子 #736 ---
NZDUSD, have all turned: 8hr, 4hr, 30mins

nice setup

--- 帖子 #737 ---
Aud/usd  & usd/cad

I am watching

--- 帖子 #738 ---
I like it

--- 帖子 #739 ---
watchin' pound.

--- 帖子 #740 ---
looks even better now, little spike up but empty

--- 帖子 #741 ---
i think this may be a small fib retracement back to the 50% or 61.8%. i'll keep an eye on it if it breaks south. however, i believe the yen in running the market today, so i'm watching for correlation on that one.

--- 帖子 #742 ---
nothing to do, i'm getting bored !!!

--- 帖子 #743 ---
Okay as soon as the 30 min drop and go back up, I’m in for a Long on the EUR, any one else?

--- 帖子 #744 ---
eur/gbp looking good. nice up trend on the 4 hour, also. just a slow pair though.

--- 帖子 #745 ---
why ?

--- 帖子 #746 ---
Anyone short A/U? I went in @ 0.8137. On the 15 min cross.

--- 帖子 #747 ---
I'm buying at .8130 but on a different strategy

--- 帖子 #748 ---
I've taken a short on cable just now, 1,9768

--- 帖子 #749 ---
oh well, i'm underwater already. What happened ?

--- 帖子 #750 ---
Cable has crossed on the 15 min. I'm going to wait for the 30X.

--- 帖子 #751 ---
Uh oh the daily is crossing up. Guess it's time to wait and see. My butt hurts from sitting on my hands

--- 帖子 #752 ---
shouldn't it be the other way round ???

--- 帖子 #753 ---
out for flat, it's difficult when you're bored

--- 帖子 #754 ---
yes got out small win  & cad

not going for big wins through

--- 帖子 #755 ---
two days , no trades, square eyes

--- 帖子 #756 ---
sorry just got back, the way that I use this method is to trade in the daily direction. EUR daily Stochs is up, at that time it looked like the 4hr wants to cross up again and the 30 min was overbought, so if it came down and went back up the 4hr probably would have crossed and I would have been trading with the daily chart.

This is out of desperation for a trade!

--- 帖子 #757 ---
anyone launching G/U in 5 minutes?

--- 帖子 #758 ---
Short Euro @ 3358

Looking @ Cable and GBY/JPY

--- 帖子 #759 ---
Cad out

see you tomorrow

--- 帖子 #760 ---
TEB,

What EMAs are in the charts (CAD & GBP)? Are you using the 50?

Thanks, DL

--- 帖子 #761 ---
TEB how come your not using the multi time frame stoch? it's easier and yes they do end up on the same candle also how do you work with your MA's what are they for?

and what are your stoploss and TP?

--- 帖子 #762 ---
TEB which pairs do you watch and trade, also do you use the 80 and 20% of the stoch at all or just trade when they cross?

--- 帖子 #763 ---
Eur/Usd  is starting to look good

--- 帖子 #764 ---
TEB

WOW 10 currencies???? don't you think most of them are about the same???

so lets just say you go long when the stoch is above 80 for 30m,4h? i mean do they have to be above 80 or below 20 to trade or not

--- 帖子 #765 ---
watch   NZD/USD

--- 帖子 #766 ---
Teb,

Do you see a potential short on the Euro/JPY?

John

--- 帖子 #767 ---
usd/chf  is worth a look

--- 帖子 #768 ---
its cables turn

--- 帖子 #769 ---
What do we see tonight in our trading crystal ball?

B.

--- 帖子 #770 ---
4 for 4 last night

Been fun

bye guys

--- 帖子 #771 ---
NZDUSD might become interesting soon

--- 帖子 #772 ---
pound & E/U might be worth watching

but maybe not till after the news at 10:00 am est

we are spending to much time talking

& not eneogh trading!!

if 5 or so people wanted to get a trading group going

to just trade I would be open to that-

not sure how we would do it- I am not a teckie

I have in the last 3 weeks been having my house done

so trading was hard & talking was fun

but it will be done this week

& monday I want to really go

TEB

--- 帖子 #773 ---
not much to trade, chop chop chop, stochs jump cheerfully all over the place :/

maybe cad, nzd crosses but i just watch euro yen usd and gbp

--- 帖子 #774 ---
i'm short on USD/JPY, what do you think?

MM

--- 帖子 #775 ---
I made my first trade on Teb system today with AUD/USD for a 15 pip profit. I wasn't sure if I should take it or not since the candle was above EMA50. I'm all for forming a group for this.

--- 帖子 #776 ---
I'm short from sunday/monday on usdjpy :/ they are at the resistance 188.89, and 50% fibo, murrey says extreme overshot, H1, H4 stochs are down with lots of space to EMA, Daily is very high.

It should fall but... somethings wrong here. Let's pray coz if they brake of south it should be nice one! 117.97 first target.

--- 帖子 #777 ---
Thank for your opinion.

MM

--- 帖子 #778 ---
I'm short from 118.85

MM

--- 帖子 #779 ---
Well it would look like we are all short yen.....so with our heavy size it should drop like a rock....right?

--- 帖子 #780 ---
Yeah, maybe if the whole FxFactory would short at once we could scalp 3 pips

My broker has lost connection to AFX so I'm kind of blind from sunday but I must say that's it's not that big issue, my theory confirms that whatever the news (except Interest Rates) they do what they have to do!

Are we going down finally?

--- 帖子 #781 ---
I'm with TEB system and Bagovino system for triger the trade. Any opinion?.

Thank's

MM

--- 帖子 #782 ---
I do not think you need the extras...have you had a look on the chart?/

Whatever works for you

--- 帖子 #783 ---
My favorite is chart AT than go to ForexFactory Calendar and say - this one goes up, this will be weak and than just sick back and enjoy the show

PS USDJPY reaction is poor again...

--- 帖子 #784 ---
yeah...it's really hard to handle all that funky maths stuff...It all comes down to the basics, that's what works, I think.

--- 帖子 #785 ---
Eurusd might be having hard time going up, maybe a little correction yet to come but pound has lots of space to last heights. At last they trade yen not just Eur and Gbp now.

--- 帖子 #786 ---
you know this is intersting - I was looking @ this this morning

you are at the top of a 4 hour channel that is up wards

you are just under the 1/2 in the day channel which is up wards

& you are just coming out of ther 20% in the weekly stoch- up wards

The day stock is coming into the 80% -

but it can stay there awail with the YEN

& the 4 hour stoch if falling fast - I think it might be just reloading

I think it might make all the YEN crosses a little choppy

some of the other pairs might be easier

What do you think?

TEB

--- 帖子 #787 ---
Don't have a clue about UJ... as you said chop chop so it's hard to say right now, we need a bigger move.

But I suppose Cable will hit 9820 and we'll see what's next... In general I think the big picture might be a puzzle and everything is possible.

--- 帖子 #788 ---
Gap on the 30 min Cable

--- 帖子 #789 ---
1 pip

damn USDJPY rebounded...

--- 帖子 #790 ---
But did you get it?

I was thinking maybe it was proffit taking by the big boys before they went home in London

so we would see a reversal after it!!

which we are seeing

I am up 10 pips in the eur & 5 in the Cable  :

--- 帖子 #791 ---
USD/JPY bounced off the 23.6 fib level. Not a major shocker. It happens a lot.

--- 帖子 #792 ---
for sure

We were just having some fun

the price always bounces at noon est

or over shots & comes back

which is the closing time in London which is the biggest 4X market

- that is when the big boys go home every day

I just thought the one pip gap was funny

after some talk on Sunday night in this thread

& Hadrys "wiseguy" picked up on it

sorry

--- 帖子 #793 ---
Teb,

What time Eastern (N.Y. time) do you trade? I seem to be missing all these moves you are catching. I'm out in L.A. What time here should I be looking to trade?

Thanks,

B.

--- 帖子 #794 ---
man I traded last nigh- I never trade that late--

I trade like 500am- 12:00est

& if my wife will let me some times in the evenning

I thought with the big move because of the Aud interst rate

it might be good last night-- & I had to much coke-a-cola

so I was up.

I think anytime other then 12-4m & 6:00- 8:00pm its great to trade

(all EST)

I think 2:00am est would be the best but I am just to tired

Just having fun

--- 帖子 #795 ---
eur/usd

--- 帖子 #796 ---
just couldn't wait to go short on it

btw what a boring day...

--- 帖子 #797 ---
hi tebs..

plis  i am still confusing...

how to aplicate yoru trading sistem?

is it true if :

--- 帖子 #798 ---
Been following this system for the last few days and i absolutely love it.  I used to do much the same method but using the ADX for my entries, never really thought about the stoch, works so much better i feel!!  Great trade today on cable!!  Great system TEB63

--- 帖子 #799 ---
yes I use to try to use the ADX but its just to slow

& way to slow to reload!!

TEB

--- 帖子 #800 ---
I read about these thread a while ago.....

and now it seem that there are already a lot of people post in this thread

Just wondering, is the strategy is still the original like TEB post in the 1st page ?? or are there some modification ??

cause it cause me headache to read all the post :

hope you all guys don't mind to explain it to

I'm a newbie who really want to learn.....

--- 帖子 #801 ---
yeah i am using it pretty much as TEB introduced in the first post, just wait for everything to line up on the 3 time frames and go for it.  I have added Fibs etc for better entries and exits, just a case of whatever suits you best.

Cable having a v hard time getting through this 38.2 Fib at around 1.9715, if it breaks that then could see it down more!!

--- 帖子 #802 ---
1.9620...if it breaks

--- 帖子 #803 ---
hi guys

at 7:00 am est we have cable interst news

I would do nothing till after

& if I were in I  would think about get out

--- 帖子 #804 ---
boooom!!

--- 帖子 #805 ---
When do you guys enter a position in relation to the stochastic crossing- after close of the 30 min bar or during the stochastic crossing? Or maybe even XX amount of miunutes before close of the 30 minute bar? Just wonderin'.. Great thread by the way

--- 帖子 #806 ---
normally after

--- 帖子 #807 ---
I would be watching CAD very closely!!!

TEB

--- 帖子 #808 ---
are u going short on CAD ? but the stoch on D1 still up trend?

--- 帖子 #809 ---
tebs are you deleting your post ?

coz 10 minute ago you answered my question now its gone , and you said something about e/u

--- 帖子 #810 ---
hi teb..

how about eur/usd now? is it short according to your methode ?

how many pip your SL?

thanks

--- 帖子 #811 ---
Hi one and all

happy Easter one and all

I want to begin trading on Tuesday

with my system.

with 5 or 6 people

If you want to be in please read this thread

and the one called TEB63 simple system

which is the one that answers most of the questions people have

I do not want to answered questions that are answered in these two threads

I want to just trade

there is a great thread called - MTF Stochastics in the Journal forum

And its great! It is kind of the same thing but simpler

if you are a new trader it would likely be a better place to start,

he has a great ebook !!

I looked into a chattrade room - but there would be a cost

& I would rather not have to pay or charge

and I am not a teckie

If you want to join please let me know

& I am hoping to start trading on Tuersday.

TEB

--- 帖子 #812 ---
Probably the best way for a group of traders to join forces in a chatroom is to utilize either "skype" or "yahoo messenger."

Both are free downloads, and allow for either standard typing messages and, or also, for voice (provided you have a headset and microphone, which are quite cheap to buy).

Exchange your user-names and log on each day to invite your group members to join that day's chat.

--- 帖子 #813 ---
Just finished reading the whole thread, unfortunatelly i seem to be late for the party you guys were having here, but anyways, i'll stick my 2 cents in here

First, i would like to address this guy:

forexexpert310 said:

What seems to be a ranging market on daily chart, will look like trending market on 30 min charts, agreed? Thus, from what you're saying, there's 80% ranging in forex, meaning 80% trending on 30min charts off which we make our entry here, am i correct? My point is that the point is to get the timeframes synchronized and you won't have a problem with ranging/tranding, sounding like such a great expert, i'm surprised you didn't realise that.

Secondly, you just said you're working on a system based on mathematics and statistics. Here's where i'm going to critisize you, if i may. I've taken many math courses and stats courses in the past years, first thing that i was thinking about stats: "i'm going to create a statistical model to predict future directions", guess what, no matter how good those models were, no matter how accurate the Rsqr i was getting and how small the errors were, i found out that it worked just like any other system - sometimes accurate, sometimes it would screw you up. What was the reason? It's the same one for which you're critisizing the stochs indicator - models were using the past data, thus they were telling me what had happened, not what will happen.

Now, how is the stochs calculated, do you know? Same thing my friend, the numbers are coming from past observations, so you can call this indicator a statistical/mathematical tool as well in principle.

What am i trying to say... I'm trying to say that it's normal to use the past to predict the future, this is what the stats is all about, this is the whole point of technical analysis.

Therefore, by critisizing this system, you frist of all, are critisizing your efforts.

Anyways, sorry If i sounded mean, i am only trying to present a counterargument to what you're saying. By the way, how are you going to implement a market psychology into your mathematical tools, any insite on that? Thnx

Now, sorry for a large post, but i'm not finished yet

Thank you TEB for sharing your method, i'm sure its simplisity has has helped a lot of guys here to see the importance of having several tf's in sync before taking a trade.

I've also noticed that some of the guys are not sure how the 50ema is used, what is "way above/below" the 50ema, how large a pip distance? Just an idea here: try adding 50CCI and add 200/-200 and 0 levels to it, and see how it works relative to the 50ema and price distance. cci is looking at the separation from the 50ema (or separation from the zero line), so if you have the cci above 200 line for instance, you know that it's in overbought and about to start turning. However, on its own, cci is useles, but I looked how it works in combination with all the stochs, it does a bit better job of describing the picture with regards price/50ema separation.

Also some good moves are missed when waiting for the price to be on the wrong side of the ema, sometimes it will not go into the wrong side but just bounce off it, so look at where the cci line is at the moment: i've found out, that once it's crossed the zero line, in 90% of the cases it'll keep going to the extreme level (the 200 level), and once it's crossed back from the extreme level, it'll come back to the zero line.

For cable i would suggest to use 250 levels, for euro 200 is enough imho.

If you don't find it helpful, then disregard this idea, 50ema will still do the trick, just need more eye training.

Once again, thnx for sharing yur system TEB.

Happy Easter all.

ps. just read two last posts... you guys can get a free room on talkpal, or use the ensign software, the echat, specifically designed for traders, it lets you use mics, share screenshots, and some additional minor features. go to ensignsoftware dot com, to the downloads section, get the echat program, and enjoy, you can even passwordprotect it, and it's free of charge. hope this will help.

--- 帖子 #814 ---
"ps. just read two last posts... you guys can get a free room on talkpal, or use the ensign software, the echat, specifically designed for traders, it lets you use mics, share screenshots, and some additional minor features. go to ensignsoftware dot com, to the downloads section, get the echat program, and enjoy, you can even passwordprotect it, and it's free of charge. hope this will help."

My understanding is that this service has a week's free trial only, and then a monthly charge must be paid. The monthly subscription isn't a large amount, however, and it does seem to offer quite a few amenities so perhaps you might want to go this route after all.

--- 帖子 #815 ---
No, it's completely free, our group's been using their chat room for over a year.

--- 帖子 #816 ---
There is nothing that beats IRC for chat purposes.

--- 帖子 #817 ---
Guys, Starting a trading group is a wonderful idea because the more eyeballs out there watching the action, the more opportunities we can ride and make a buck from. We have a chat currently that we use to bounce ideas around and its a good bunch, some of us are more advanced than others but everyone's helpful nonetheless. Contact SpotFXTrader on Skype and give it a try, ya might dig it.

--- 帖子 #818 ---
Attached Image

15 min chart
Attached Image

30 min chart

Hi guys

I am reading other threads & rereading mine to see who people are

& my emails ...and I see one question a number of times.

why do I not use the 5 min or the 15 min stoch

I did some tests before & to my surprise the 30 min stoch beats the 15 min stoch

well over 50 % but if you take out the false starts it wins in pips by quite a bit

that is of coarse comparing using just the 30 min stoch to using both the 15 min & 30 min stoch

if you use just the 15min stoch without the 30 min stoch you will get in faster

then with just the 30 min stoch but you get a lot more false reads.

you win more by using just one rather then using both always

in fact this is true every time you move up a time frame-

so the hour stoch beats the 30 mins etc...

if you want to make more pips -less trades -more boring

this makes sence as we are taking a bigger trend

I was borded today so I was playing with a pair I almost never trade

& have not for a few months so I don't have a feel for it

I tried a tests on the last few days

1st place I came to

the 30 min stoch beats the 15 min stoch

on the 2 trades I would have taken

see above two charts

Red arrow 30min stoch

Blue arrow 15 min stoch.

I might use the 5 min stoch with the 5 min

the reason I wouldn't use 15 & 30 stoch is because it is not tellme anything new

is because they are too close.

Its the same wave & same group of traders

I have said before its not price that is my main concern

Its movition of the pair.

the reason this is important is because on the higher TF have the big money

and they take days or weeks to change direction.

because they can not let price fall fast as they would lose to much money;

they would be betting against themselve

this fact is why the princible & the practies of stoch are a bit differant.

and why the hight the TF the better the rate of win-

because you move into the banks & the funds - the big boys

this is opp. to princible but really life.

& that is why I start with the day & work down

TEB

--- 帖子 #819 ---
would be nice if somebody could make an indicator with a simple arrow on the chart when three stochs on given timeframes all point in the same way.

--- 帖子 #820 ---
I hear that! And a pop-up with sound would be great to go along with it.

--- 帖子 #821 ---
Yes, that would be great. I am sure someone 'out there' has the technical expertise to do so.

--- 帖子 #822 ---
How is every one out there?

did anyone trade today?

The Eur/Usd  might be worth a look

anyone looking at anything

I just got home from a weekend holiday

just started to look at the chart

more for tomorrow!

TEB

--- 帖子 #823 ---
Just got in the Usd/chf from 1.2263, moving down (short)...

--- 帖子 #824 ---
good stuff

--- 帖子 #825 ---
I hoped some people got it!!

I am out

--- 帖子 #826 ---
I caught about 30 pips on the EUR/USD!

When is the trading group happening?

B.

--- 帖子 #827 ---
bagovion

did u long on e/u for that 30 pips profit? i dont long on e/u because on my MT4 the D1 stoch still going down

--- 帖子 #828 ---
what tf where you using?

--- 帖子 #829 ---
Hey TEB

--- 帖子 #830 ---
im using 30M,4h &D1 TF just like you said. the 30M&4H stoc already indicating up trend but not the stock in D1 TF

--- 帖子 #831 ---
Hi TEB

Tanks for sharing your strategy.
I’ve got some questions connected with your system:

1)When the first target (+10p) is hit, do you move sl to breakeven or move your sl 10p up to keep 35p distance from the actual price.

2) When do you consider the sotch cross to be valid on 4H and daily charts? I mean do you wait for the close of the candle on these time frames?

3) When do you skip daily stoch as confirmation?

4) When 50ema angle is steep and price is on the positive side (30 min). Do you enter as close to 50ema as possible? Am I right?

5) When price is on the negative side of the 50ema, how many pips do you consider to be enough pip room?

Thanks

Woju

--- 帖子 #832 ---
[quote=woju2;267670]Hi TEB

Tanks for sharing your strategy.
I’ve got some questions connected with your system:

1)When the first target (+10p) is hit, do you move sl to breakeven or move your sl 10p up to keep 35p distance from the actual price.

- I wait till it gets to the 25 pip win
but I have moved more to 1/2 out when the 30min stoch turns - move up SL
& the other 1/2 when the 4 hour stoch turns'

2) When do you consider the sotch cross to be valid on 4H and daily charts? I mean do you wait for the close of the candle on these time frames?
yes some times I cheat but I know the system I would say to you to wait

3) When do you skip daily stoch as confirmation?

when I have no charts that have 4 hour & day together

4) When 50ema angle is steep and price is on the positive side (30 min). Do you enter as close to 50ema as possible? Am I right?
yes- I move want to see price make a move back to it
I also have been using a 20 SMA esp. when price is flate or price is at a high angle

5) When price is on the negative side of the 50ema, how many pips do you consider to be enough pip room?
1 - but what is the angel of price to the MA
that is more important... its price action

--- 帖子 #833 ---
hii TEB63

thanks for the strategy......

i need to on a pair how many trades per week...

i am new in forex...

so need some help in under standing ur strategy...

thanks

--- 帖子 #834 ---
I wish & beg for it

every trader tired alone

--- 帖子 #835 ---
Anyone watching the Pound now for 30m sto to get into position?

Gail

--- 帖子 #836 ---
TEB has a new thread, TEB Trading Group,  in the Trading Systems section.

It's looking good,  "coaches" posting set-ups.

Gail

--- 帖子 #837 ---
Gail,

I'm with you waiting for the stochs to all line up on the GBP....

Mike

--- 帖子 #838 ---
I think the pound is in chop

but the Usd/chf might be worth a look

TEB

--- 帖子 #839 ---
come on! Please don't use this extraordinary strange font and read the thread before asking like this.

--- 帖子 #840 ---
I did 6 trades today a little high in number

--- 帖子 #841 ---
Hello Teb,

can you please explain to me how you use the SMA 20 in your trading group.

Are you using the MAs on all time frames? I am confused as to how to use the MAs. They have diferent values in all time frames. Which one do you use and how?

Thanks for sharing the great system.

--- 帖子 #842 ---
Hello Teb,

Can you explain to me how you use the SMA 20 in your trading group.

Also, I am confused as to how you use the MAs. Do you have them on all time frames? They have a different value on every time frame. How do you put it all together? Thanks for your reply and the great strategy.

--- 帖子 #843 ---
Sorry for the double

--- 帖子 #844 ---
I don't use them for crossesl

they help a little in the trend

but mostly they help me see if the pair has room for pips

ie if price is way over the 50& 20 I am not going to buy

if if is way under I am going to

--- 帖子 #845 ---
anyone trade the u/cad ? im 15pips+ now

thanks tebs for this great system

--- 帖子 #846 ---
im long on cable &a/u and short on usd/chf . +89pips now

--- 帖子 #847 ---
Awesome bapho!  What were your entries and how long have you had the trades on?

--- 帖子 #848 ---
good stuff

I pulled 10,25,70,37 off last night too

--- 帖子 #849 ---
Teb,

Are you still trading 5am est?

B.

--- 帖子 #850 ---
chech your email  here on F.F.

--- 帖子 #851 ---
i just follow tebs rule

--- 帖子 #852 ---
Would you kindly explain how you keep track of so many currencies?  Putting a couple dailies and 4hrs up on MT4 then putting 30m up for each of them creates quite a log jam.  What is your obviously successful method of reviewing and sorting?  Thanks for all of your efforts on this thread.

--- 帖子 #853 ---
not really I use one chart for each - I start with the day draw a line where the stoch is ... move down to the 4 hour do the same & move to the 30 min

I only keep my eye on 3 or so pairs anyways

I mark where I think the stoch should be when I want to get in ... easy really
( see posting below)

I hope that helps do you use MT4 charts

--- 帖子 #854 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

30 min Eur/GBP

Big red line day stoch

thin red line 4 hour stoch

red arrow 30 min stoch

Grey area I put on at 5:00am this morning

just watched untill price came in to it

which it has

& I am up a "BIG" 3 PIPS !?

TEB

--- 帖子 #855 ---
I just end this trade with 7 pips (which is 2 or 3 X dallor valve of most pairs)

I would like more but I will take what I get

I closed when the 30 min stoch turned up again.

TEB

--- 帖子 #856 ---
EUR/USD might be worth a look

I have a number of lot in already

adding two more lots at 1.3478 one with a TP @ 18

the other I am going to let run

reason the 4 hour stoch just kicked over

30 min & day are alread good to go

TEB
http://www.forexfactory.com/images/misc/progress.gif

--- 帖子 #857 ---
Teb63,

When you say that you are placing the vertical line where the stoch is, do you place it, say when you go to the Daily chart, where the stoch is crossing or just at the last point of the stoch?  Same for the 4hr - where it crosses or just where the last point is?  I'm sorry for being confused as to this situation.

Also, the Eur/Usd - the Daily is up; the 30M is up and the 4HR has turned down.  Are you waiting for the 30M to turn down for a short?  I've read the thread-just a bit mixed-up.

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #858 ---
I have the 4 hour stoch turned up

its flate- up

but up so

I am long in the pair

hope that helps

--- 帖子 #859 ---
Teb,

Thanks.  I found what I was looking for in your post #103.  Really appreciate all your time and generous sharing of your obvious knowledge.  Have a great day.

Michael

--- 帖子 #860 ---
Teb63,

I am also a little confused you said in your last post that the EUR/USD 4 hour stochastic is up, on my 4 hour chart at 08:00 it is turned down, perhaps I have got it wrong.
Are we looking for the stochastic in all the time frames to have turned in the same direction, and then we enter a trade in that direction?

--- 帖子 #861 ---
likely just diff. brookers

but what is your setting 5,3,3 Low/hight?

also it might be the time periods they are using are diff from the ones my brooker is using

also at this time the 30 min stoch has turned against me

but this time I am going to stay till the 4 hour stoch turns against me

--- 帖子 #862 ---
Teb63,

I have 5,3,3 stochastic on a Interbank FX Trader 4 platform.

So should the 3 stochastic time frames be in the same direction before trading?

--- 帖子 #863 ---
Sorry Teb63, what do you mean low/hight?

--- 帖子 #864 ---
no they all have diff times

I use fxdd which ends the day at 5pmest

& oanda which ends at 12 midnight est

as for settings

go to the stoch setting & you will see a a tab likely called parameters & look for price field?

not sure I have never used that platform... maybe someone else can help you

sorry

--- 帖子 #865 ---
TEB63

Can you set up one chart, say the 30M with Stochastic 5,3,3 & toggle from the 30M to the 4H & Daily following the cross of Stochastic?  Will that work?

Just one chart & jump to the next two time frames.  Thanks

--- 帖子 #866 ---
Noel,

Teb means Low/High.  On your Stochastic Oscillator it will show:

%K period:5;  %D period: 3; Slowing: 3;  and Price field:  Low/High

MA method:  Simple

Just check your indicator list for the chart and click on Stochastic Oscillator and make sure these are your settings.  Take care.

--- 帖子 #867 ---
GBP/JPY crossing up on 30min and 4hr. Daily isn't the greatest but it's still up.

--- 帖子 #868 ---
Go to TEB63 simple system

I go through it step by step

--- 帖子 #869 ---
Pulled a quick 40 out of that one. Nice.

--- 帖子 #870 ---
good show!

--- 帖子 #871 ---
Nice Job Hoss !!!   I pulled 20 before I bailed.....

--- 帖子 #872 ---
Good work! I wasn't even planning on trading until I saw it! I actually got 37, but I like to round up!

--- 帖子 #873 ---
somebody here???????

--- 帖子 #874 ---
Hi guys,

I think I'm trading the wrong hours. I seem to miss all these killer moves. When I'm trading price is lame and I make set ups out of boredom.

B.

--- 帖子 #875 ---
Welcome to the bored traders club BAGO!!!

--- 帖子 #876 ---
Hi Teb

I am in a dilemma:

Let say, I have daily stoch up, 4h stoch up, and 30 min stoch up, but price is on the positive side of 50 ema
Or daily stoch is down, 4h stoch up and 30 min up but price is on the negative side of the 50 ema.

Which trade would you choose? What should I consider more important, daily stoch confirmation or better situation on 30 min chart.

Thanks

Woju2

--- 帖子 #877 ---
TED 63

Tks for that response & I'll go back & read it again.

--- 帖子 #878 ---
likely both ...

but it depends how fare over the 50 it is

I have added a 20sma for times like that

--- 帖子 #879 ---
Hi!

I assume that if price is on the positive side of 50 ema, the rule is the closer the better, right?

Could you explain the role of 20 sma with details? Any examples?

Thanks

Woju2

--- 帖子 #880 ---
yes to your 1st question

the MAs are more to judge pip room

a strong move back in a big trend

is better then price on the wrong side in a flat market

the 20sma use as the 50ema in a strong trend or no trend

use it the same as you would the 50 ema

--- 帖子 #881 ---
Teb,

I PM'd you a couple of days ago about the "Teb Stoch sys" room in Ensign. Is this room active?

--- 帖子 #882 ---
yep

--- 帖子 #883 ---
If it's open to new members I would love to sign up for it. It does require a password.

--- 帖子 #884 ---
GBP/CHF crosses on D and 4hr with 30 min ready to cross down. Will wait and see what 30 min does.

--- 帖子 #885 ---
The price seems to be too far from EMA50. You think it is safe to take this trade concidering the spread on this pair?

--- 帖子 #886 ---
No, but I like to keep an eye on them all. I didn't take it.

--- 帖子 #887 ---
Wouldn't you know it, I took it on demo and it's up 6 pips already!

--- 帖子 #888 ---
If only we could have the same courage in a real account. Oh well.

--- 帖子 #889 ---
Yeah, but it may not head anywhere. Wasn't good enough of a trade to take for real.

--- 帖子 #890 ---
Could someone please tell me, do we look for the Day, 4 Hour and 30 min Stochastic to be crossing in the same direction?

also what is the rule about the 20SMA and 50SMA, how close or how far do they need to be to the price before entering a trade?

--- 帖子 #891 ---
eur/usd

--- 帖子 #892 ---
1. yes basic to the system

2. is a judgement call

safest on wrong side of 50 ,

next wrong side of 20

back to a big push back to 50

to 20

TEB

--- 帖子 #893 ---
go eur

--- 帖子 #894 ---
4hr is heading south & 30min is turning heading north

What's your call on this? thx

--- 帖子 #895 ---
15 pips & out I think that might be it

either way I have to go

I see you guys next week

--- 帖子 #896 ---
I use them mostly on the 30 min

though I will look at them on the 4 hour & day

just to see if they are way out of wack

but normally the 30 min is all you need to watch

TEB

--- 帖子 #897 ---
Hi,

I hope you guys don't mind me asking a beginners question like this on such a slick thread but I notice whenever TEB or some of you others display a candle chart it looks uncluttered because it doesn't have that many candles in the frame. I have downloaded MT4 but my screen is cluttered with thousands of candles and I don't seem to be able to reduce the number of time periods. How do you do it? I asked this question in the beginners forum and I was told that all I could do was use the 'zoom in' facility but I'm sure this can't be true.

--- 帖子 #898 ---
up top on the tool bar you have two spy glasses one has a "+" the other "-" in it

hit the "+" till you get the size you want

--- 帖子 #899 ---
I thought it was intersting the email add

that came out for 5EMAs/Divergence system today

is clearly based on the 4 hour Stoch

like my system they must take the trend & main

buy & sell signals from the 4 hour stoch

& it has the same setting!! 5.3.3

Attached Image

4 hour cable

this was the chart they send out today

I know nothing of the system

other then what I have read - in their email adds I keep getting

I in no way think it is a good or bad system... I don't

(I don't know what they use the Macd for)

and they don't have the 5 ema on it

The stoch setting of 533 is great!!!

--- 帖子 #900 ---
I really like the idea of trading the trend... but always knew momentum shouldn't be completely ignored.   Trading the trend of the momentum is brilliant, no?

I also used various timeframes to trade... but always sepearte charts for each timeframe... then flipping through each chart.  "Combining" them onto one chart is another "Guiness moment" (BRILLIANT!) for me.

I couldn't sleep Thursday night and ended up reprogramming my system to take advantage of what I've learned on this thread.

Setup the Stoch's... setup daily timeframe, marked the cross and noted the trend (UP/DOWN), then changed timeframe to 4HR and looked for confirming cross.  If I got the confirming cross I marked it (also noting the trend matched the day) and adjusted the chart to read 30MIN to wait for the next cross that matched the trend direction.

THAT WORK SO WELL IT SCARED ME.

Now... the challenge came with the exits.  I felt using the 30MIN cross was a great entry... but could whipsaw my exit.  One I place the buy/sell I just backed it to the 4hr to wait for the cross to reverse.

Yeah... that cost me a  150pip profit plus another 100 to boot.

HOWEVER, upon licking my wounds after the market closed I noticed that if I had only used the 2 hour to take my exit cues from I would've protected the vast majority of my profit.

There are two things I've adjusted to TEB's system... using the 2 hour timframe for exit signal and I'm not worrying about the ema (though I do have it plotted).

Still, I'm new as a trader so I'm looking for any opinions on these variations.

BTW... VERY GRATEFUL for this thread and system TEB63... it's been helping me pop all sorts of little lightbulbs on.

--- 帖子 #901 ---
tebs i want to say thanks again for sharing this method, i've made 218 pips this week, from wednesday till friday, i want to test this for about 1 month then i will go live

--- 帖子 #902 ---
Thanks for that TEB. Really appreciated.

--- 帖子 #903 ---
Hello Aggie,

that's exactly the same way I trade this system (don't look at the ma's). But still using the 4h cross for exits. I am not sure if it is really better to use the 2h cross, it seems to be a little choppy... So if you do the research I think all of us would appreciate to see your results.

TEB, your ideas brought some light into the darkness, really. As Aggie said before: It works so well, I'm scared, too!

--- 帖子 #904 ---
wow on thursday you got 300 pips cool  . no wonder you always used smile face icon in your posts

--- 帖子 #905 ---
Just to recap what you are saying, you are trading this way:

1) waiting for stoch crosses on the D and the 4hr and finally the 30min (do you care if it's above or below the 80 or 20?)

2) not really paying attention to the ma's

3) exiting on the 2 hr or possibly the 4hr

Seems simple enough and I think that is how most are trading it except the exits seem to be different for different people. I'm just trying to get an idea how everybody is trading this. I haven't figured out my best exits yet, but I am still profitable. I am not using ma's either. I am just waiting for all 3 tf's to line up. Thanks for any input.

--- 帖子 #906 ---
Hi TEB,

See the TEB Trading Room is closed.

Hoping that by consolidating posting on this thread there will be more "scouting" and trading activity here.

Your system is very good;  and I really like the way you approach trading in general.  Thank you!

I'll be trading your hours next week.  Have a great weekend!

Gail

--- 帖子 #907 ---
Now... the challenge came with the exits. I felt using the 30MIN cross was a great entry... but could whipsaw my exit. One I place the buy/sell I just backed it to the 4hr to wait for the cross to reverse.

take 1/2 at the 30 min stoch over 25 pips

let the other 1/2 ride till the 4 hour cross

move your SL up to say 5+pips on the 2nd 1/2

the 4 hour stoch wins most of the time

as long as the day is with you

--- 帖子 #908 ---
yep

--- 帖子 #909 ---
[quote=hoss;273774]Just to recap what you are saying, you are trading this way:

the 20 & 50 MA let you get a feel for things... like when to get out

ie price crosses back over the 20  or even the 50

take note!

--- 帖子 #910 ---
Very helpful... thanks again!  Have you tried phasing into a trade as well as phasing out of one?  If so, what are you using for triggers?

--- 帖子 #911 ---
Yep... I don't worry about the actual momentum, per se... just the TREND the momentum has.  If the day lines up with the 4 hr the trend is confirmed (assuming I'm understand TEB correctly).  Once the confirmation is there, it's a matter of entry and exit points... that's where the 30MIN tf comes in.  I like the idea of phasing out of a winning trade (TEB's suggestion) and plan on playing a bit with that idea as well (would've made some pips on Friday)!

I think to understand something you have to be able to know it well enough to teach it to someone else.  I'm sort of deconstructing TEB's first post in this thread... (to paraphrase)

1.  Keep it simple.

2.  Trade the trend.

3.  Use timeframes.

I see what people are doing with the system now, then I take that "finished product" and pull it apart and scatter the pieces around so I can "rebuild it."  By doing this not only do I have a working system, but one that I can actually understand the reason why it works.

I have to say... I don't think TEB's idea is rocket-science... that's why I grateful to TEB for sharing it.  Too often I've been looking for the complicated answer because if it looks complicated then it must work, right?

Simplicity is the most complicated thing there is... it's the hardest to see.

TEB isn't the first person to point out the obvious to me... just the first person I've actually HEARD!

Right place at the right time I guess... thanks again TEB!

--- 帖子 #912 ---
Here's how I trade this method:

Assume the 1D Stochs crosses up. I don't look at the levels where it happens (don't care if it happens under 20 or 50 or 80 or above 80).

Then look at the 4h - where does the up cross happen?

If it happens under 50 I will give full throttle, my whole percentage of risk which is between 1 and 3 % of my balance.

If it happens above 50 I only risk the half of my risk percentage which is 0.5 to 1.5 % of balance.

If the up cross establishes above 80 - I don't trade long !

Then look at 30min.

If up cross happens under 50 it is a long trade, if above 50 it is not a trade. I wait.

Exit:

I wait the 4h stochs to cross in the opposite direction.

The exit is the only thing I am not satisfied yet. But working on it....

Greetings from Greece

Freewheelin

--- 帖子 #913 ---
Leaving out the moving averages can put you in more trades. Some of them can even be good ones. But I don't think it's such a good idea to ignore them. They are such great filters especially the 50 EMA. It is good to know you have pip rooms before pulling the trigger.

--- 帖子 #914 ---
if I take 1/2 out with the cross of the 30min stoch

I than have it to put back in when the stoch goes my way!!

--- 帖子 #915 ---
Hi TEB,

I've been playing with your idea for about two weeks on a demo account

and it's been profitable

nice one

thank's for sharing this

I think I'm gonna try it live this week

--- 帖子 #916 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

cable 30 mins

off to a good start for the week!

TEB

--- 帖子 #917 ---
Hi Teb,

I've just come in and seen your entry. I was watching GU earlier but was nervous about going in because the stochs showed it deep into the overbought area. Can you give me a clue as to when I should pay attention to this and when I should ignore it

Cheers

--- 帖子 #918 ---
niether the 4 hour or the day had even crossed in the 80%

till then I peresonal don't worry ... its still going up !

also stronge angles and sseperation on the 20 & 50 emas

if they start to flaten out I would begin to watch

--- 帖子 #919 ---
Thanks Teb. Good info.

--- 帖子 #920 ---
cable might be worth a look

but don't get greedy

--- 帖子 #921 ---
so may GBP/JPY.

--- 帖子 #922 ---
I have GJ right at R.

there the GU has a little room to run.. about 1.9938

but they may both break & really move

--- 帖子 #923 ---
15 pips & out

--- 帖子 #924 ---
Teb,

I have been following your thread today and I have a question.  On the cable trade a couple of hours ago you said the 4 HR and Daily had not crossed over the 80 level.

On my charts both the daily and 4 HR had crossed over 80.  I am using an MT4 demo account which matches up with my brokers prices almost to the pip.  I didn't take the trade.  I may have missed it but what broker do you use for your data feed?

--- 帖子 #925 ---
I never said that...

they had both crossed over the 80% that is okay with me

I would rather becomingout of the 20or crossing the 50

but I will take this but will only go for small win

the point I watch is when the 2 lines cross each other

(fast & slow ie. red & blue lines on my)

TEB

--- 帖子 #926 ---
Got 25 out of this one.

--- 帖子 #927 ---
good stuff!!

--- 帖子 #928 ---
Caught 15 on the Yen this morning... added to profit tonight with more pips on the AUD/USD and USD/CHF.  I'm paying more attention to the EMA's (on the 30MIN), but also using the 2HR stoch as an oracle of sorts.  Not really using either one of these as a final call... but they are good advisors.

The best part about TEB's system is this...

In the past, I've traded as I wondered where the market was headed.  I'd buy "low" because I figured the market was heading "higher."

Now... I don't care about any that.  I spend my trading focused on what is happening RIGHT NOW.  Talk about spending your time in the present!

Another lightbulb popping on... thanks again TEB (and all other on this thread for that matter!)

...AggieTrader...

--- 帖子 #929 ---
I use the Daily, 1hr and 5min (for entry, exit) on the EUR/USD pair. Along with a EMA 21, RSI 14 and ADX 14.

--- 帖子 #930 ---
Nice. I caught the AUD and CHF trades, too.

--- 帖子 #931 ---
what ever works for you is great

but you have missed the main Ideas of the system

which is to keep it simple

" less is more"

I am glad if it has help you

but you will find the simpler

the set up the better it will turn out for you

just try it .

--- 帖子 #932 ---
can you give me an example of what your setup might be?

JP

--- 帖子 #933 ---
3 charts

day. 4 hour, 30 min

tools

Stoch setting 5,3,3

Ema 50 Sma 20

candles esp big tails

And on all 3 times frames

that is it

--- 帖子 #934 ---
@ TEB63......hi....I've been following your thread  from the first pageand have been trying to follow your system....now I'm totally confused....lol

It sounds simple, but for some reason I'm just not getting it.

--- 帖子 #935 ---
You are using 5,3,6 instead of 5,3,3 now?

--- 帖子 #936 ---
no  it was mistake... 5.3.3 is right

--- 帖子 #937 ---
what are you not getting?

--- 帖子 #938 ---
Earlier today the pound crosses took off

The reason was 2 fold

1. BoE send out a letter to down play thier CPI report

2. A big Fund put in a wronge order.

But we have the USD CPI coming out & I believe this is the real reason

it looks like it is going to push the USd into a rate interst cut!! so the USd has gone from likely a rate increase to a rate cute in a month

this gets the big boys going as they trade days & weeks  -in millions & billions of dallors & takes them awail to change acounts.

I think the fund mistake that came out was a time  mistake not a  pip mistake & I think we will have big vol at 8:30 & 9:15 reports .. so becareful I think we may have a big move away from the dollar- if the big boys can!! if the reprts lets them - ie CPI comes out as everyone thinks it will.

--- 帖子 #939 ---
Well, I'm not understanding when exactly I enter.

--- 帖子 #940 ---
is the TEB room on Ensign open? If so, would someone share the password. Thanks

--- 帖子 #941 ---
4X is hard!!

Okay

1.The simplist is just wait until the 3 stoch are all going in the same way

2. pip room . this is where it ges a little tricky

you can have all 3 stochs going the right way but be in a chop in other words flat market ..no trend no direction so as a filter do handle this I use 50EMA (& 20SMA) I want them no be on the wrong side of price .. this is so the trend has some where to go.

If you just use the 50EMA you will have fewer trade but will win almost alway! the 20SMA is the middle of the B. Band & is a great second piproom meter for strong trends & flater markets .. but not as good or faithful as the 50EMA and you do not have as much piproom with it ... & you don't need to use it .

that is really all you need to know about getting in.

I had only 4 trades yesterday for 10,15,25,37pips that was all I got

it was just an okay day .. Weds. thurs & friday where great days

if you have any other questions let me know

--- 帖子 #942 ---
Thanks TEB63....I really appreciate you taking the time out to advise me. I'll take my time and apply your system above. When you say wait for all stochs to go the same way......is this all at the same exact time, ie simultaneously?

I know these are probably elementary questions, but I've only been trading demo for a few weeks so this is all super new to me.

--- 帖子 #943 ---
TEB63

--- 帖子 #944 ---
all three going the same way at the same time

likely the day & 4 hour will be in place & the 30 min will come on baord

sometimes you will see 2 move at the same time

--- 帖子 #945 ---
....Ok thanks.

--- 帖子 #946 ---
Forgive me for the slightly off topic post... but what is Ensign?  Wouldn't want to miss out on the gathering!

--- 帖子 #947 ---
up 10,30,17,13 for the day

have to go

may not be around till thurdsay

I have to do taxes & bussness stuff

in an other city... may look in on wireless

--- 帖子 #948 ---
its another room -  go the members lounge -the is  thread "TEB something or other " & get the room from there ..  sorry  I don't have time now .. or remind be on thursday

--- 帖子 #949 ---
Can somebody post the link to this chatroom? Thanks.

--- 帖子 #950 ---
I've been using a free chart setup from www.dailyfx.com/charts/ChartStation.html but I've suddenly realised that when I use the settings 5,3,3, I get a totally different read out to the charts TEB is putting up. The options offered in the stochs box are -

Observation period(1-250)

average period slow(1-250)

averaging period fast(1-250)

I don't really understand how stochs work. Can any body tell me what my settings should be to bring them into line with TEB's

Thanks

--- 帖子 #951 ---
GBP/JPY & USD/JPY are setting up

--- 帖子 #952 ---
What's your take on EUR/USD?  Am I anticipating the trade here?

--- 帖子 #953 ---
well it looks a little like a mess - but when the 30 min turns you might have a trade down .. but I would rather it was on the other side of at least the 20 better the 50 .  but it is very hight & you  have trong R just above so you could put a SL on the other side it looks like from it wants to go down.  personally I want till all the ducks are in a line ...you in in 4X in thewaiting game

--- 帖子 #954 ---
tebs are you using FXDD MT4?

--- 帖子 #955 ---
Hi

anyone see the chance of shorting the cable??

4hr and 30 min looks to agree.

The cable has also reached a record since ten year I think

Any comments??

--- 帖子 #956 ---
about 190-4 you have stronge S if it breaks that it will fall aways or it will bounce off it

--- 帖子 #957 ---
What is 190-4??

--- 帖子 #958 ---
2.0094

--- 帖子 #959 ---
Got 7 out of the CAD. Looks like I missed some good ones on the G/Y A/U and U/Y at about 6 or 6:30 EST. Hope some of you got 'em.

--- 帖子 #960 ---
Is there a link to the chat room you guys are in?

--- 帖子 #961 ---
Today I took the first 2 trades with TEB system

Aud usd short at 83.68 exit at 83.38 with 30 pip profit.

It is a big move down; i don't know if is just luck but it worked.

also the gpp usd was good with 20 pip profit on the short side. I put a trailing stop but i was kiked otu too early

50 pip for the first day!!

Thanks TEB

ps I tried to post the charts but it didn't work; maybe becauses of the hacker attack

--- 帖子 #962 ---
EUR, AUD, GBP, and GBP/CHF all reloading right now.

--- 帖子 #963 ---
Good stuff

--- 帖子 #964 ---
GBP and EUR have crossed and AUD looks to be doing the same. Does anyone feel that there may be a bit of downside left to go yet?

--- 帖子 #965 ---
they have all moved to the back to the old side of S/R

if they blow back through them we are going to see a big move

but for the momute it looks like they have all bounced

& we are going to see some money taken home to feed the kids or buy boats

TEB

--- 帖子 #966 ---
USD/JPY Up

its a late call becareful

--- 帖子 #967 ---
This may have been covered already, but for (my) review...

What's the preferred timeframe for stoch trading?

7pm-12am EST then 5am-12am EST?

Have you seen a pattern of stoch's working better during certain sessions?

Thanks!

--- 帖子 #968 ---
this isn't it but the set up looks very good ie big dail 4 & 30 min stoch

I have a good stop loss in place ....terrable time...

I took 12 pips already & in again ... it might drop down to 118:12-16 & start up again.

it might go althe way up to the 120.00

--- 帖子 #969 ---
it has to break throug the 8.52-4 area or it will likely fall down to the 8.12-16 area

--- 帖子 #970 ---
28 pips anyone else in.. what you got

--- 帖子 #971 ---
I got 20 on that one, Thanks for the call!

--- 帖子 #972 ---
good stuff

i got 28 pips on 1/2

& 21 on the other

& I hope I am a round when it reloads

--- 帖子 #973 ---
I have to go...

I put two more lots on Usd/Jpy

for 4 pips less then I took them out an hour ago...

I believe the 30 min Stoch is reloading .

& it will be a great get in .. likely about 7:00

I have one TP at 118.95

& 1 @ 119.95

price may drop to the 118.22-26 area ..

below that may well be a problem

as the next S is around 117.30- that will hold like steel I believe

Becareful of news wish i could be here

make some money
see note two below

--- 帖子 #974 ---
This is great, just started testing NZD/JPY Entered @ 88.25 exit 88.65. 40 pips. Thanks will keep testing, but looks good.

--- 帖子 #975 ---
Oh why I didn't put a stop is
it is carry trade if it does go down
(I have an other buy in 50 pips below & again below that as well.)
I don't think that will happen
but if it does that would be okay with me as well

--- 帖子 #976 ---
I quit following this thread when someone put an indicator showing all the entries based on this system and it generated 50% false signals. Is anyone using the indicator? Was the indicator flawed? Because I thought the backtesting produced outstanding results according to TEB? SOmeone backtested with great results..so are we having success here with this system or is the jury still out? how about a poll or something anybody?

--- 帖子 #977 ---
Indicators normally are. Seems to me most are making money with this, including myself.

--- 帖子 #978 ---
Who did that... because whoever it was didn't do it right..

also I have said before putting all the stochs on one chart & not by hand is not as good... but even that is a lot better then 50%

also the system we use - uses a 50 ema but again even without that it is more then 50 %

please forwards the name .. i would like to what they are saying

thanks

--- 帖子 #979 ---
That sounds good but

the indicator is in this thread somewhere.. it gives arrows to show when the stochs line up same direction on the three time frames is anyone using the indicator?

here it is
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...=21982&page=12

--- 帖子 #980 ---
Even simpler?  NICE!  Looking forward to the details!

--- 帖子 #981 ---
Thanks Teb.  You're the best.

--- 帖子 #982 ---
There seems to be some misunderstanding here. The indicator listed in the above thread is simply a noise maker for the stochastic cross in the particular timeframe window to which it is attached. It is not an indicator that "reads" a line up of stochastics for all three time frames.

--- 帖子 #983 ---
Again the confusion seems to be that this is an indicator that shows entries for this method. It is not! It is simply a noise maker for a stochastic cross in the particular timeframe being viewed. Hope that clears up the confusion.

--- 帖子 #984 ---
thanks

--- 帖子 #985 ---
WOW another simple method....

I think this one is already simple...

TEB,

are you going to post the method here ?

or in the new thread ??

well i'm so excited already

thanx TEB

--- 帖子 #986 ---
Can someone please post direction on how to sign into ensign. Do we need to download an application etc...

thanks

guppy

--- 帖子 #987 ---
Hi guys

one and all it was a tough day... But I hope everyone made some money

it was a little choppy... & on days like this not losing money is great if you make a little greater

I made 15,7,-6,7,0,8. and I have 5 trades out standing

see you tomorrow

TEB

--- 帖子 #988 ---
Teb,

Which currencies do you find yourself trading the most? I've been killing it with the GBP/JPY! I almost only trade it exclusively now.

Bago

--- 帖子 #989 ---
Hi Bago.

I traded its sister mostly the last few days

I like to trade the two big dogs Eur/Usd & the Usd/Jpy

But the Gpb/Jpy was a great set up
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Gbp/Jpy 30 min

I moved the day line the big Blue line over into the frame

the thin lines are the 4 hour stochs -    blue up - red down

arrows- enter signals

"X" out signals

"X X" big out !!

you can see where I would have taken the trades & got out

they line up "kinda" with the Usd/jpy trades I took

I liked the R/S more on the pair I traded

I did okay

--- 帖子 #990 ---
Teb,

I'm a little gun shy of USD/JPY. It whooped my A$$ a couple of times so I left it alone. I haven't traded it with your system yet. Maybe I revisit it one more time.

The $ per pip is just so good on the GBY/JPY. I have such a small spread with my broker, I'm almost always immediately in profit!

Bagovino

--- 帖子 #991 ---
What broker are you with?

isn't that funny ...

I have the reverse story been whooped by thr Gbp/Jpy a few times...

I like the more money going through the Usd/Jpy.

I really like the Eur/Usd its easy to trade I find

& the Gpb is always crazy...

I use to just trade those two.. G/j & G/u only

but I found it easier to look to where "the fields are white"

& trade there...

have a great weekend

TEB

--- 帖子 #992 ---
how did everyone do today.

I just closed a few trades I have had going for awail

TEB

--- 帖子 #993 ---
Personally I got my nose bloodied a little this week. The main reason for my failure (as far as I can tell) is this...

I started predicting where the stoch's would go... and stopped listening to where they actually are. My timing was, obviously, WAY OFF.

To be honest I didn't realize that my interpretation of the stochs was that skewed until I actually took time off to REALLY step back and look.

At least I proved an age old adage... it's not the system... it's the TRADER!

Just 'cause I learn to take a few steps doesn't mean I can start to run! Damn ego of mine...

Still a VERY big believer in the sytem of course, and ready to get back in on the next decent setup.

--- 帖子 #994 ---
I don't know if I'm just unlucky or I'm not doing it properly (this system) but I still haven't found a situation where all 3 stochs have been lined up. Is there a better time to trade this one ?

--- 帖子 #995 ---
everyone goes through that

think of the stochs like streets on a map

you would just follow the map

or blind flying a plane...

you must use & believe in your tools

you will be okay

--- 帖子 #996 ---
late in the week was hard ..

early in the week was easly

how many pairs were you watching

also that is why I have a second part of the system

2 stochs & the 50ema  (20sma) for such days

But this system  esp. the 3 stochs are trend following system

& if there is no trend there is no trades

but it is not safe to trade anyways if there is no trend

--- 帖子 #997 ---
Thanks for the support! Good to know that everyone isn't pointing and laughing wondering how the hell I could muck it up! (What, me paranoid?)

I've never really liked the beginning part of success (where you aren't so successful.  ) but, like all things, it's one step at a time... little and often makes much.

Speaking of... congrats to all on hitting over 1000 posts in this thread, eh?

PIP! PIP! HOORAY!

Here's to 1000's more!

--- 帖子 #998 ---
Teb,

We are Bi-Polar man.... I get killed on Eur/Usd and Usd/Jpy, but make pips on the pairs you say you lose at! Oh well... As long as we both find profitable currencies thats all that matters!

I'm with MB TRading... AMAZING Spreads!

BTW... What does "Where the field is white mean?"

B.

--- 帖子 #999 ---
Hi Bago

I looked at about 10 pairs

& had the same result an all the pairs here are 3 graphs.

1st arrow is 5.3.3

2nd arrow is 15.5.5

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1000 ---
[quote=bagovino;278609]Teb,

We are Bi-Polar man.... I get killed on Eur/Usd and Usd/Jpy, but make pips on the pairs you say you lose at! Oh well... As long as we both find profitable currencies thats all that matters!

Wounder if it is because of the systems we use ...
I really care little about the price
.. just want to get the big "Mo"
& mine seems to get it ...the big dogs keep pretty close to their chainsl

I'm with MB TRading... AMAZING Spreads!

BTW... What does "Where the field is white mean?"

Quote from Jesus in the Bible
meaning the crops are ready for harvest

TEB

--- 帖子 #1001 ---
Teb,

I looked at the charts and came to the conclusion that the 15,5,5 is not optimal for taking signals off of. However, what it does do is give assurance to the 5,3,3 signal/trigger. Look what happens when both are low at the 20 and crossing up together as opposed to the 15,5,5 not moving with the 5,3,3. It kind of lets you know if the move is going to be small or HUGE!

Also, I looked at it on the 1hr as you suggested by Mark Mcrae. It seems that if we get a set up according to your system, then check the 15,5,5 on the 1 hour and it agrees.... It's a strong probability.

Lastly, I looked at using the 15,5,5 as an exit on the 30 min chart and it seems to work well. Keeps you in a trade longer for more pips and avoids the 30 min 5,3,3 whipsaw that tends to happen.

Check out those 2 strategies on your charts and let me know what you think. As I said, the 15,5,5 has helped me alot!

Bago

--- 帖子 #1002 ---
You are right of coarse

because 15.5.5 on the hour is very close to 5.3.3 on a 3 hour so its 3 to 1

right! MTFT works..

I have found the best spread is 6- 8 to 1 ...but 3 to 1 is okay too.

TEB .

--- 帖子 #1003 ---
Teb,

Just check this chart out on the 1hr with the 15,5,5. If you look just before the first vertical red line you see the 15,5,5 crossing down from 80. The 5,3,3 gave a quick false long right after the first vertical line I drew. The 15,5,5 was still heading down showing the 5,3,3 was a false move. Then look what happens when the 5,3,3 continued down again with the 15,5,5... BAM!!! Pips!!!

I'm not trying to change anything. I want to help make this system even more bulletproof than it already is. If you find a use for this as a filter feel free to use it. If not... No hurt feelings. It seems to help me somehow.

Thanks again Teb for your system!

Bagovino

--- 帖子 #1004 ---
I'm terrible in math!!! So what would a 6 to 1 Stoch be to incorporate with the 5,3,3 method?

B.

--- 帖子 #1005 ---
Duh... I forgot to post the chart! Here it is.....

B.

--- 帖子 #1006 ---
6 to 8 -- to 1

ie. 30 min to  4 hour  ...is 8

4 hour to one day... is 6

--- 帖子 #1007 ---
Hey any help is great & thanks & I will look into it!!

But i think we are getting into the diff I what with Spud. System

which is great( just posted there a few minutes ago)

you are working with price I am working with Momentum'

with price you want all the ducks in line then you get in

where I would say find the "big mo" & the ducks will find you

that is why I would say Day, 4 hour , hour, 30 & 15 mins stochs

are not as look as day 4 hour & 30 mins...

because they get in each others way ... to close

like too many cooks.. they are all doing & saying the same thing

now for price for sure the more the better !!

& that is why your great system works well with Spuds

but mine not so good with either.

all three systems are great & will make money

don't tell anyone but I have made money with all three!:

anyways got to go

please keep giving ideas I love it & it leads to other things!!

& I will look into this more

TEB

--- 帖子 #1008 ---
well....

sorry if i misunderstood this

but are we using the 15.5.5 stoch right now as our filter ??

TEB....

I still don't understand what you mean with it

well excuse my lack of knowledge on this, but could you explain it ??

--- 帖子 #1009 ---
no. Bago is sharing witth us he is playing with it.

I will go into it.but at this time I think the system is good

but in the 4X you must always be willing to learn & change!!

& bago has some good things to

--- 帖子 #1010 ---
ok forgot on the 1st arrow look at the big tail!

I wouldn't go in... good call

--- 帖子 #1011 ---
Hi TEB and everyone. I'm new to the thread and this is my first post, but I've been looking at this method for a little while, and it seems to suit me well.

I want to go back and read through as much of this as I can before I ask questions that may already have been answered, but I just wanted to say thanks for putting in the time and effort necessary to keep this going. I took my first trade of this style Friday @ around 1500GMT on the GBPJPY and legged out @ +10 and +25, so I'm off and running.

See you Sunday/Monday.

R

--- 帖子 #1012 ---
Got it..good stuff http://www.forexfactory.com/images/icons/icon10.gif

--- 帖子 #1013 ---
Hey Teb,

How's the new system coming along?

Bago

--- 帖子 #1014 ---
Teb,

I'm not sure if you answered this before but I have not been using the 20/50 ma's because they are different on every time frame. Which TF's do you use them on?

Thanks,

B.

--- 帖子 #1015 ---
I look at them on all 3 if they are way way out I take note

I have chose not to trade because the 4 hour is just so far out of wack.. But this take a little getting toi know it

But I only trade with them on the 30 min

& mostly only when I don't have 3 stochs.

TEB

--- 帖子 #1016 ---
I am woking on it today

--- 帖子 #1017 ---
The cable & the euro/Usd & the Aud/Jpy might be worth looks today

--- 帖子 #1018 ---
Thanks for the heads up on the AUD/JPY. That's not one I look at very often. I'm new to this so let me get it straight.....

I'm looking for the Daily Stoch to be crossed down, the 4 hour to be crossed down, and when the 30 minute crosses I enter on the next candle, right? If so, am I also looking for price to be above the 50 EMA?

Many thanks,

R

--- 帖子 #1019 ---
WOW Aud/Jpy....

just curious,

how many pair did u usually watch everyday ??

i only watch the pair u mention in the 1st page

guess i must do some little extra attention on other pair too :

--- 帖子 #1020 ---
Caught 25 on EUR/USD and another 11 on AUD/USD...

--- 帖子 #1021 ---
good for you!!

I was trying a new System & TEB

& had a very mixed day!!

the worse trading day i have had for awail

TEB works!!

--- 帖子 #1022 ---
Hello TEB... I am a student from Spud's class... he is a great teacher... with a talent to explain his TS... have noticed when you dropped by and... did follow your footsteps here...

Just finished reading your posts... its funny you say...

tools...?

- Stoch setting 5,3,3

- Ema 50 Sma 20

- candles esp big tails

And on all 3 times frames... -that is it!

You came up with a beautiful K.I.S.S. system... probably one of the TOP out there... and... have a big heart to share it... thank you!

I understand the tools... there is however a long way to learn to use them as you do... you are a pro with tones of experience... and your KISS rules... you see it... you feel it... you "autopilot" it... and respond to it...

Hope one day I will be able to, at least at some level, play the market's ping-pong game the way you are teaching us to do...

Your KISS is part of my TS now... am learning to use it...

Thanks again for sharing... may the PIPs run to your TEB KISS forever...

PS: just a thought... Sma20... how about Ema25 with Level-50 and Level50... it will give you a channel and a visual 50 PIPs price distance from Ema25...

--- 帖子 #1023 ---
PS: just a thought... Sma20... how about Ema25 with Level-50 and Level50... it will give you a channel and a visual 50 PIPs price distance from Ema25...[/quote]

That is a great idea

The reason I use 20 SMA is because it is the middle of the B.Bands

& the 50 EMA  is because it is the 1st of the big 3 EMA(50, 100,200)

is because they are the 2 MA price bounce off the most

so if they break they say alot .. if they hold even more

I like to do channels - But I like old S/R price channels

But do give your Idea a run & see if it works!!

& let us know !

--- 帖子 #1024 ---
I watch 10 -12... but normally sit on 2-4 for a day

--- 帖子 #1025 ---
Hi one And all

well I hope everyone did well today!!

I didn't do much today.

I put on 11 trades last night & just watched them today

they were on 5 pairs

I was SL on the two I had with Aud/JPY

the other 9 I did Okay I got between 15-50 pips on each

I did try an other system & I still have hi hopes for it

but it didn't do so well yesterday

But TEB works very well

how did everyone else do?

see you Tomorrow

pip pip

--- 帖子 #1026 ---
I think 5,3,3 works better than 15,5,5.TEB works!!

--- 帖子 #1027 ---
Pulled 7,6 & 1 from three completed trades.  In 1 still and currently looking at the EUR for a shorting opportunity.

--- 帖子 #1028 ---
TEB - what do you tend to use for SL?  35 pips or so?  S/R levels?  Do you vary it with each trade?

--- 帖子 #1029 ---
Well done TEB. You have really got your system sorted.

One small issue I have with it is the bars where there is the actual cross-over occuring on the longer timeframes, esp. the 4 hour. How do you trade these situations? I feel uncertain about taking trades where the 4 hour signals a buy if it is early on in the life of the 4 hour bar.

Any guidance on this appreciated.

Thanks,

G-Man

--- 帖子 #1030 ---
35pips or channel or S/R

TEB

--- 帖子 #1031 ---
great point ...

it the 4 hour is confirming the day stoch you are likely okay.

if not I think you have a right for uncertainly likely want to wait till it closes

but that is also where the 50 & 20 come in

TEB

--- 帖子 #1032 ---
TEB,

I think you mentioned this morning how many pairs you watch, but also said you usually settle on 3 or 4 for the day. Could you share how you go about scanning all the pairs and choosing the 3 or 4 you're going to watch. What is it about those charts that stands out to you?

Thanks for sharing a great system and helping all of us become proficient with it.

--- 帖子 #1033 ---
Hi,

I've changed the indicator a bit. More colors during cross over before bar close.

It's not perfect, but still works good enough...

Also changed some defaults.

There will only be max 2 colors when you open a chart. Wait till the first tick, then there might be more line colors.

Regards,

fewhills

--- 帖子 #1034 ---
They look cool

--- 帖子 #1035 ---
people seem to have a lot of questions about the use of the Stoch

so this is the right way to use them

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

blue area is good to buy

red area is good to sell

yellow is the are of concern

from the point the two stoch lines cross each other

to the point they come out of the "80% or 20% zone"

we really don't know what is going on with the stoch

best to stay out .. other wise it is fine to trade

--- 帖子 #1036 ---
Teb,

I  noticed you posted a 1hr chart. Are you using it for anything?

B.

--- 帖子 #1037 ---
Hello TEB... and All...

Lets see if I got it...

I don't want to bather you TEB with this... you explained this many times already... so I will put it the way I understand it... and... please someone who is already good at it, tell me if I I am doing it right...

***  "drawing of the lines" on the chart... *** say we start with D1 and are marking TOPS...

- one chart, D1 view...

[1] place line#1, at the 1st Stoch-crossing above 80 [counting from the right]... line-up line#1 with the highest near-by candle... there may be several mid-waves before the TOP Stoch from above 80 will reach the BOTTOM [below 20 reversal-point, which may be marked with line#1a]... all the smaller TF waves are happening between 1&1a...

- the same chart, H4 view [line#1 is already there]...

[2] place line#2, at the 1st Stoch-crossing above 80 [counting from the right]...  line-up line#2 with the highest near-by candle... there may be several mid-waves before the TOP Stoch from above 80 will reach the BOTTOM [below 20 reversal-point, which may be marked with line#2a]... all the smaller TF waves are happening between 2&2a...

- the same chart, H1 view [line#1,#2 are already there]...

[3] place line#3, at the 1st Stoch-crossing above 80 [counting from the right]...  line-up line#3 with the highest near-by candle... there may be several mid-waves before the TOP Stoch from above 80 will reach the BOTTOM [below 20 reversal-point, which may be marked with line#3a]... all the smaller TF waves are happening between 3&3a...

- the same chart, M15 view [line#1,#2,#3 are already there]......

[4] place line#4, at the 1st Stoch-crossing above 80 [counting from the right]...  line-up line#4 with the highest near-by candle... there may be several mid-waves before the TOP Stoch from above 80 will reach the BOTTOM [below 20 reversal-point, which may be marked with line#4a]... all the smaller TF waves are happening between 4&4a...

the idea is to see where, each TF's Stochs are positioned during their travel between +80 and -20... H4 is starting a new trend... M5.M15,M30,H1 will follow... enter/exit/magnification on Stochs crossing 80% or 20% from the outside, towards the middle 50%...

I am still not sure though if I understand TEB's system correctly...

BTW: Sma20 is almost same as Ema25... they also represent "0" line of MACD...

--- 帖子 #1038 ---
[quote=EnkiJr;1424807]Hello TEB... and All...

lining up of charts you are right

Other 3 ideas you ask

the idea is to see where, each TF's Stochs are positioned during their travel between +80 and -20... H4 is starting a new trend... 1. M5.M15,M30,H1 will follow...2. enter/exit/magnification on Stochs crossing 80% or 20% from the outside, towards the middle 50%...

1. this is Spuds great system .. it runs opp to mine & the TF are diff.
The ones I use are 30 mins, 4 hours, Day

2. I have diff. rules then Spud does in regards to the use of 20,50, & 80%
What you have stated would not be mine

I am still not sure though if I understand TEB's system correctly...

BTW: 3. ma20 is almost same as Ema25... they also represent "0" line of MACD...[/quSote]

3. Not sure about that, Normally I find the MACD to slow for 4X
I think the "0" of the macd is used for trend ...
I don't use the 20 or 50 MA for this reason.
but for pip room .. price action
TEB

--- 帖子 #1039 ---
Quote:

Originally Posted by bagovino http://www.forexfactory.com/images/buttons/viewpost.gif
Teb,

I noticed you posted a 1hr chart. Are you using it for anything?

B.

no not really ..

the set up was easier to see on the 60 min rather then the 30 min.

I see myself using

1. The 4 hour chart as the main chart

2. The 30 min chart is for the buy/sell signals

3. The day charts is the trend chart or " the cover chart"

I start at the top & move down

TEB

--- 帖子 #1040 ---
TEB,

Think you may have missed my post . . . #1035. Could you comment on how you scan and choose the 3 or 4 pairs you follow during a particular day?

Thanks!

--- 帖子 #1041 ---
Teb,

Say the daily is down and the 4HR is up... What position do you take when the 30 min agrees with the daily, and what happens when it agrees with the 4hr? You must take one over the other. It sounds to me that you will take the 30 min and 4hr over the 30 min and daily right?

Thanks,

Bag

--- 帖子 #1042 ---
Sure

1. I look for a pair that have the day & 4 hour stochs going the same way

2. I look for a pair on the wronge side of the MAs

3. I look to see where the pairs is in relationship to strong S/R

4. I see how far the pair have moved in the last 24 h & Week

esp. big moves because of news

5. I look for big tails

TEB

--- 帖子 #1043 ---
The 4 hour is my main chart so I would never go against it.

TEB

--- 帖子 #1044 ---
So TEB,

In regard to Bago's question, if the 4H and 30M agree (i.e. same direction), but the D indicates the opposite direction do you consider this a "counter trend move" and adjust your position size or do you just play it as usual?

--- 帖子 #1045 ---
yes

ie. if price is on the wronge side of the MA esp. the 50ema

& based on candles

& S/R

TEB

--- 帖子 #1046 ---
Teb,

A few post back you had mentioned a new system you were testing out. Can you share that with us? How is that coming along?

thanks

guppy

--- 帖子 #1047 ---
yesterdat great tuesday & monday not so.

today I am taking a break & just TEB for me

--- 帖子 #1048 ---
The Basics of the TEB SYSTEM

Most systems are mainly about price,

I think MTFT & esp. the stochs are better used

predicting monentun "the big Mo" then stating price.

there is my thinking

ie. I live very close to two of the bussies highways in N.A.

I can tell the direction & spead of the cars just by looking ..easy

(this is what most tools do well esp. on one time frame.)

but  as I look at the highway

I can also predict the spead & direction of the cars coming after.....why?

Because to change direction or spead of the cars

one of two things would have to happen.

1. A slow down or spead up must happen slowly.

why? because other wise you will have a crash

2. which is the other thing that can happen .. a crash

but both the Highways & the 4X are basical run by admin guys & computer

both of which do not like crashes... so both the HWs & 4X are very predictable

...with times of panic when the unpredicable happen... crashs

now the good news is in the 4x we have times ..call news & interst rate info.

that reset the whole thing & we start again

... these in fact take a lot of the crashs out of the 4X

you can for sure make money using MTFT & stochs to show price for sure

or make a lot more money using them to show you the big "mo"

& the big money.

TEB

--- 帖子 #1049 ---
I can do that for you fellas if there is still a demand for it.

--- 帖子 #1050 ---
sure!!

--- 帖子 #1051 ---
TEB,

When you get a chance, could you clarify your phrase, "wrong side of the MA". A chart would probably be helpful.

Thanks!

--- 帖子 #1052 ---
I am watching

Aud/Jpy,

AUD/Usd

Nzd/Usd,

Eur/Usd

TEB

--- 帖子 #1053 ---
TEB

Could you tell us which pair you traded last,at which price you bought  or sold it?So I can check on the charts how its fitting,then is easier to understand.thanks

--- 帖子 #1054 ---
Price or candles are really a 1 SMA

so it should be leading the way

when the 20 or 50 MA are leading the price

then the MAs are on the wronge side of price

and something must change... or price must come back to the lead

TEB

--- 帖子 #1055 ---
I trade quite a few.. from time to time I have called trades

& like above I have said some trades may well be coming.

But I am not sure I want to do  signal -service

not sure that many people would want that anyways

& it might be a bit much-for me

TEB

--- 帖子 #1056 ---
Teb,

I just wanted to get on the same page with you concerning the pairs you mentioned you are watching. Can you tell me what you are waiting to happen on each pair? This is what I see:

AUD/JPY: Long

AUD/USD: Long

NZD/USD: ???? No Idea!

EUR/USD: ???? No Clue... Maybe short? The day is up, 4hr down, 30 min about to turn down.

Can you comment on what you are waiting for on each pair?

Thanks,

Bago

--- 帖子 #1057 ---
nzd short. 30 min stochs just crossed and the 4hr and day are also in that direction. same with euro except the day isn't as clear.

--- 帖子 #1058 ---
AUD/JPY: Long - 4 hour stoch (needs to turn)

AUD/USD: stort - 30min stoch '" "

NZD/USD: same " "

EUR/USD: long - 4 hour stoch " "

other reasons as well but these are the signs  I am waiting for

TEB

--- 帖子 #1059 ---
tebs,

you couldn't short this last 30min cross on the euro? the 4hr is still headed down.

--- 帖子 #1060 ---
for sure I am looking for the 4 hour to turn up... I think it will be a good run

--- 帖子 #1061 ---
a big two on the NZ ...

its not breaking the BBands 20 sma

its late in the day no vol.

I think i will be safe made the sped

--- 帖子 #1062 ---
it broke the 20

I had hoped the  30 min stoch would turn after 5.

I think it may turn back up after 5 proffit taking & all & change the trend

we will see

Got to go.

--- 帖子 #1063 ---
What are your SL rules?

Thank you!

--- 帖子 #1064 ---
I want to thank you for your patient and awesome work, TEB!

--- 帖子 #1065 ---
for most THE dead stop is 35

(but for GJ & AJ it is 50 but I don't like to trade them that much)

But Normally I use a S/R so I don't normally go that long

I would say normally about 15-20 pips

But the 4 hour Stoch is my normal out anyways

--- 帖子 #1066 ---
Thanks!

Is S/R stop and reverse?

--- 帖子 #1067 ---
Do you use the same parameters for all trading pairs? (5,3,3)

--- 帖子 #1068 ---
Yes

--- 帖子 #1069 ---
Support & resistance-- trend lines mostly

--- 帖子 #1070 ---
I closed all trades I had open

E/U, Cable, Cad, U/J.

trend change - it is likely just the early morning thing

but its Friday so I am taking no chances

I have made what I wanted alreadly today

& I hate fridays so

I will only take great great set-ups

TEB

--- 帖子 #1071 ---
I think there is a big up coming in the cable may not be till next week now

--- 帖子 #1072 ---
I am watching - only watching - hopely they are reloading on the 30 mins -

BUT IT IS FRIDAY

Gbp/Jpy

Aud/Jpy

--- 帖子 #1073 ---
Hi Ohyes

I just don't have time to go through the system with everyone - sorry

that is why I put this thread on!

This chart would be the perfect entery...

& I called a few hour before it happened

- last nigh

right here on this thread !!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

30 Eur/Usd

TEB

--- 帖子 #1074 ---
I checked that chart.  At the time of entry, the daily stochastic was no longer in agreement.

--- 帖子 #1075 ---
you are good!!

at the time - the day was I would say was flat flat flat

the fast (blue) had turned down but the slow (red) had not!!

the two were weaving! No direction - No trend!!

also ... look at where the price is to the 20 & the 50 MAs (on the 4 hour chart)

bounced off the 50 & well under the 20

also & this is a big one

look at the big big tail on the last candle before the 4 hour shoch turned!!

plus the general direction is up.

So I took the trade!

TEB

--- 帖子 #1076 ---
Remember if you read the whole thread you will find that TEB states that having all 3 (D,4,30) is THE BEST set-up. having 2 (4,30) still represents a very good set-up with only slightly lower % wins.

--- 帖子 #1077 ---
Scorpion,

Didn't TEB have a link to the this method?

H4m

--- 帖子 #1078 ---
Can anyone confirm this trade:

SELL GBPJPY @ 238.15

SL @238.40 (-35 pips)

TP @237.45 (+70 pips)

Thanks,

--- 帖子 #1079 ---
Hi.

To help me monitoring the 8 currency pairs I trade (EURUSD, USDJPY, USDCHF, GBPUSD; EURJPY, EURCHF, EURGBP, GBPJPY) I created a profile for each pair and I scroll through them using F5 and Shift + F5. I would like to share them with you. I would apreciate you share your opinion.

Extract Profile.zip to the Metatrader4\Profiles folder.

Extract Indicators.zip to Metratrader4\Experts\Indicators folder.

Copy the *.tpl files to Metatrader4\Templates folder (although you will only need them to apply them to other grahics).

I do have other profiles including Bagovino Method, Sexy Stochastics, Bunny Girl Cross and Vegas. If anyone want them just say it.

Thanks,

P.S. This profile is solely based on TEB system. I call it Lugo TEB because I added Bears and Bull Power indicator on all Time Frames and MACD to D1 TF. I like to monitor MACD bearish/bullish divergences.

--- 帖子 #1080 ---
You don't need to confirm it as it was stopped by SL (-35 pips). I think the GBP Consumer Confidence news influenced positively the GBP and change current picture.

Cheers,

P.S. The funny thing about this trade is that this same SELL signal was on Bagovino Method (H1), on BunnyGirlCross (M30), on Sexy Stochastics (M15) on SidusV1 (H1) and XPMA (M15). Well, next time a so sure trade should be avoided ;-)

--- 帖子 #1081 ---
Yes, please!

--- 帖子 #1082 ---
35 pips I find is to small for GJ pair

TEB

--- 帖子 #1083 ---
35 pips is basically the maximum for the 2% risk I allow myself to lose on any trade. What SL do you use or suggest for GBPJPY?

Thanks,

--- 帖子 #1084 ---
I am looking at the following to come into place .. none are in place at this time but will come into place as the day goes  on

eur/Usd - up

Usd/Jpy - up

Cable - down

Loonie - up

Aud/Usd - Up - longer tern

TEB

--- 帖子 #1085 ---
Too much stuff

TEB

--- 帖子 #1086 ---
Hello, TEB!

Lots of enteries after crosses are bad (like the second thin vertical line on this chart). Could you recommend some filter? Indicator or idea?

Thank you!

--- 帖子 #1087 ---
what are the setting you are using?

L/H or C/C

--- 帖子 #1088 ---
L/H

--- 帖子 #1089 ---
?

--- 帖子 #1090 ---
? what?

--- 帖子 #1091 ---
Lots of enteries after crosses are bad. Could you recommend some filter? Indicator or idea?

--- 帖子 #1092 ---
You know ... not sure why... I didn't take any trades ...

just starts to take now...well i will wait till after 8:00

How are you getting the 4 & Day stoch lines onto your 30 min chart

are you pulling them down or just off the 4 stoch you have on the 3 min stoch.

I think your Gbp/Jpy trade was takren out british by news

TEB

--- 帖子 #1093 ---
I use MTF_Stochastic. So I can put H4stoch on M30chart.

--- 帖子 #1094 ---
I keep saying it...

They are not as good as doing it by hand

--- 帖子 #1095 ---
superdezign

If I were doing Ma crosses .. here is what I would do..

By the way they work well I have used them

The reason I use stochs is because we get - other infor from them

MA all Simple - 3/5, 28/40, 144/240

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

lonnie 30 mins

buy when all blues are over there pair mate

sell then all reds are over there pair mate

TEB

--- 帖子 #1096 ---
nice system , my trade today

blue lines 4 hours suppr resistance, green 1 hour S,R,

vertical green 4 hours stoch, blue 15 min,

--- 帖子 #1097 ---
the same trade on 30min , entry a little later

bj

--- 帖子 #1098 ---
I know that you've mentioned this before, but I still don't understand--how are they not as good?

--- 帖子 #1099 ---
Hi Brainjt.

Could you post here the indicator for the candlesticks patterns recognition? (Or send me a private message if you prefer send me by email)

Thanks,

--- 帖子 #1100 ---
pattern recog

--- 帖子 #1101 ---
Hi!

What's your exit strategy?

--- 帖子 #1102 ---
For example in this situation. Exit on stoch cross????

--- 帖子 #1103 ---
yes (this is the 30 min stoch cross)

or 1/2 now move up your stop loss - to price plus 5 pips

then 1/2 when the 4 hour cross stoch cross or you get stopped out

BUT watch for news & big big tails

TEB

--- 帖子 #1104 ---
thank you for details!

which price?

--- 帖子 #1105 ---
what moment is "exit stoch cross"? 1 or 2?

Thank you!

--- 帖子 #1106 ---
I am not sure what you mean?

the next out would be the crossing of the 4 hour stoch

--- 帖子 #1107 ---
Would you recommend a particular Stochastic setting

for the bottom of the chart?

Thanks!

FXS

P.S. Just waiting for the next lunar eclipse for all of the MA

pairs to line up!  Just kidding! My mom said patience is

a virtue!

--- 帖子 #1108 ---
I mean : http://www.forexfactory.com/attachme...1&d=1177955844

What do you call "cross": line1 or line2?

Thanks!

--- 帖子 #1109 ---
I have used it ... it works out to the same as the day , 4 hour & 30 mins stoch...someone asked me what to use to be like the stochs - in MA crosses

I like the stochs!!LOL

TEB

--- 帖子 #1110 ---
There is an other thread on this forum called the " right way to use stochs"

It might help  please look at it

TEB

--- 帖子 #1111 ---
How did every one do to day?

I did quite well

15 trades

5 with TEB 35,-15,24,59,12

& with my new system, 15,15,2,45,15,15,-7,15,15,15

Great day

TEB

--- 帖子 #1112 ---
Hi TEB,

Your new system is this? --> http://forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=26654

Thank you for all your help and effort.

--- 帖子 #1113 ---
...What is the new system????  Thanks.  Your thread is great!

--- 帖子 #1114 ---
like TEB +for 15 min charts is for me enough 20 pips, I open 2 lots, longer chart more pips aim

--- 帖子 #1115 ---
Well done TEB. Good job.

Couple of questions.

1) Can you let us know what pairs your profitable trades were on. That would help. Thanks.

2) I still have a problem with the 4 hour stoch. When looking back at historical charts if you place a line when the stochs cross, this would then show on the 30 min chart at the open of the 4 hour bar, at a time when the 4 hour was effectively crossing over. I guess in real time it's not a big issue, but do you only take trades after the close of the 4 hr with a cross or do you trade intra-bar on the 4 hr.

Many thanks,

G-Man

--- 帖子 #1116 ---
How did every one do today

I had a good day 19 trades

6 with TEB

13 with my new "price action"

one lose with AJ for 15 pips

all the other were good

with uj & EU for a total of 242 pips

TEB

--- 帖子 #1117 ---
If It is the same way as the day stoch & other confirmations I will take the trade

But I want the 4 hour to a little time in at lest 1/2 or better

--- 帖子 #1118 ---
Thanks TEB.

--- 帖子 #1119 ---
I see, so your new "Price Action" system is not public. You are not referring to 4MA system.

--- 帖子 #1120 ---
Hi Teb,

Can you explain your price action system. I would like to test it out as many others would.

thanks

guppy

--- 帖子 #1121 ---
Sure .. I had a great day the last two days

but last week was not as good so I am still testing it

its not as simple as TEB.

But I am still using day, 4 hour & 30 mins

But once it is set you only trade on the 30 min chart

The chart below is from the day so you can see everything

But I use the 30 min. But on the 30 min you can not see everything

1. MAs 20SMA ( green), 200 EMA (red) for pip room & price possition

2. Channels - are for the day & 4 hour trend

purple is 4 hour

Blue is day -

I will put key S/R- mostly from the 4 hour

- took them off to be clear

3. vol. to see big moves mosty any news times- anything strang

4. Stoch on the 30 only - is still my trigger

5. or candles & candle formation for trigger

The channels keep me in the trend...

I ONLY ONLY ONLY trade with them

or a break of them

200 EMA I use to look for dips.

ie price is over 200 on the day & the 4 hour

but below on the 30 mins I am looking to trade.

the reverse is also true

its a break or bounce system

I want to get rid of the stoch all together in time - but its still my safty net

That is it

TEB

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

EUR/USD day chart

--- 帖子 #1122 ---
I don't use MA crosses very much

& only on long term trades -

TEB

--- 帖子 #1123 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

EUR/USD - DAY Chart

Quote:

Originally Posted by guppy http://www.forexfactory.com/images/buttons/viewpost.gif
Hi Teb,

Can you explain your price action system. I would like to test it out as many others would.

thanks

guppy

Sure .. I am still working on it

I had a great day the last two days

but last week was not as good

Its not as simple as TEB.

But I am still using day, 4 hour & 30 mins

But once it is set you only trade on the 30 min chart

The chart above is from the day so you can see everything

But I use the 30 min. But on the 30 min you can not see everything

1. MAs 20SMA ( green), 200 EMA (red) for pip room & price possition

2. Channels - are for the day & 4 hour trend

purple is 4 hour

Blue is day -

I will put key S/R- mostly from the 4 hour

- took them off to be clear

3. vol. to see big moves mosty at news times- or anything strange

4. Stoch on the 30 only - is still my trigger

5. or candles & candle formation for triggers

The channels keep me in the trend...

I ONLY ONLY ONLY trade with them

or a break of them

200 EMA(red) I use to look for dips.

ie price is over 200 on the day & the 4 hour

but below on the 30 mins I am looking to trade.

the reverse is also true

20 SMA (green) is used for the trend - general direction

& also relationship to 200EMA- ie green over red up

(but I do not care if  or where the two cross!!)

also for some pip room like in TEB system

its a break or bounce system

I want to get rid of the stoch all together in time - but its still my safty net

That is it

TEB

--- 帖子 #1124 ---
Hey TEB,

I look forward to more details on your new system; it looks interesting.

I have a question. What is the red indicator, sort of looks like a histogram, on your chart just above the stochastic?

By the way, your TEB MTTF stochastic system is working well for me. Not much going on today, but along with some other styles I trade I'm 10 for 10 this week so far. Thanks for all your help.

R

--- 帖子 #1125 ---
Have a great day, friends!

FXS

--- 帖子 #1126 ---
teb,

between these two systems of yours, which one gives higher return?

but we know that mtf stochs gives less trades. am i right abt this teb?

anyway, thnks for sharing your latest method. very nice of you.

--- 帖子 #1127 ---
TEB stoch system is day, 4 hour, 30 min

5.3.3 Low High Stoch  - all the same

16 trades today all with the new system & "Stoch-less"

2 closed @ 25 & 30 for the good both on the cable

the others still on - no losers yet anyways

all an the cable, E/U & A/J

about 100 pips on all the open ones together-

but some are in the red

- esp the A/J - no luck with them again today

got to go

TEB

--- 帖子 #1128 ---
FXS

--- 帖子 #1129 ---
Hey FX Surfer

How you doin? As far as me and the trend, I'm just doing the TEB thing. Actually, I'm sort of new to trend trading. I know that sounds funny in FX, but mostly what I've been doing is trading off support and resistance. You know, playing extended ranges for bounces, Fib retracements, etc. Those were part of my trades this week. I'm comfortable trading like that and have been successful, but I get tired of watching a pair move 100 pips to get to my entry spot. Also, sometimes you wait pretty long for a proper set up. I decided to find a way to get some of the big move, so here I am, and so far, so good.

To identify the trend, I just 'follow the book' according to TEB, that is, look for the daily and 4 hour stochs to agree, then get in when the 30 minute crosses. The only other thing so far is on a day when no daily and 4 hours agree, I dial it down to 4 hour, 1 hour, and 15 minute and do a little scalping. Using the 50 ema helps a lot.

I'm still missing quite a few trades but I'm still getting more comfortable all the time. I only got one trade today (woke up late!) and got 13 pips on the G/U.

I also like to trade the news. I know most people tell you not to, but it can be done successfully. It takes a lot of preparation and a good broker. If you like playing video games, you'll be good at news trading.

Anyway, long answer but I'm just doing it as written. By the way, 10 for 10 isn't normal for me, or at least it hasn't been. I've lost 10 in a row before. I hope those days are gone!

Richard

--- 帖子 #1130 ---
I don't know yet

-last week not so good  - but I was putting the last pieces together

the last two days great!

Just got back in I had two trades close before I left 25 & 30

& had two more T/P for 27 & 30 when I was away

& have 12 trades still going up a big 29 pips ..

in fact most of the remaining trades I have on are red

but I have 2 open for over 30 pips each.

with the Teb it looks like the % of wins is higher

but fewer ins & you have to watch it more

& because I know I have the trend on the 4 & day channels

(stronger then Stochs 4 hour & day )

I am letting the S/L go a little more then with TEB

its worked out so far ... but we will have to see see

I am letting price run to the 4 hour channel if its not to far away

or the the 20SMA

Also I dropped the Stoch today...

seemed to do better the last two days with it?

May use it tomorrow

jurry is out ?!

But I like the feel of this more the TEB- maybe its just new

But I know TEB a lot better .. for sure

but in the end .... which makes more pips

TEB

--- 帖子 #1131 ---
Settings Low/Hight

who is your Broker?

for Oanda & MT4 it is standard

TEB

--- 帖子 #1132 ---
Hello All,

Have been folllowing this thread and Spudfyres with keen interest....

you know ,i'm sure, the steps involved in learning to trade and i'm sure we are all at different stages.ME ,i still lose on a regular basis and i know the problem(s).

although i am still only at demo stage,i try to treat it as if it were real.so that i can deal with all the emotions and at the same time learn how and when i receive them, so that i can learn to deal with them.

Discipline and money manage ment are still issues for me but having studied and apllied many systems ,some my own ,some other peoples,i have until now not found anything that jumped of the page at me and said.....THIS IS THE ONE !!!!

Soooo!!! i at least can say that i have discovered a method that sits right in my head, which is where it must be comfortable....

And for that i can only offer my utmost thanks to both spud and teb for their generosity.i was leaning towards mtf for a while but was yet to find the approach....now i have.

For me these two method are highly complimentary and i would suggest to anyone reading this thread not to change a thing about these methods... just practice, practice ,practice.....it just doesn't get any simpler or make more sensethan this.

Truly grateful

well thats the method down, now all i need is to control my own emotions and deal with the other two aspects...two years downs only four to go.

just a quick question... if you know the answer and yet do nothing about it ,what does that mean ?
http://www.forexfactory.com/images/misc/progress.gif

--- 帖子 #1133 ---
Teb,

Can both systems be used together?

Bagovino

--- 帖子 #1134 ---
the new system seems to be working

I had 15 trades on when I when to bed last night

3 cable trades closed T/Ps for - 50, 30, 27

I have 12 trades on - up 155 pips

only one loser - AJ for - 21pips

TEB

--- 帖子 #1135 ---
So can you now formalize all the rules of it?

Thank you!

--- 帖子 #1136 ---
I thought I had- the ones I have - I am still working it out
1. trend - two channels going the same way

then look for a reason to get in= that way
2. entery- 30 min stoch &/or candle (candle formation) as triggers
3. exits - ? still working out that

just a target around 25-30 pips for some ( been doing this with cable)

may look for a turn on the 30 min or 4 hour stoch like the TEB

may just use S/R break on the 30 min (what I am doing with the E/U on)
4. stop loss 4 hour channel or stronge S/R

side line -is a break of the 4 hour channel I might go with this as well

TEB

--- 帖子 #1137 ---
likely--

but I find it a bit hard

diff time frames - diff pairs -- & diff systems!

I still like TEB to predict where price is likely going

but this one has a lot more in signs- & surer footing of trend

TEB

--- 帖子 #1138 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

E/U 4 hour

this is what I have on my 4 hour chart

I have put it up to 4 hour from 30 mins (next frame to see 30 min)

so you can see it all

light blue line is a simple trend line from the 30 min chart

when price crosses it & stayes closed - I will exit the E/U

TEB

--- 帖子 #1139 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

30 min E/U

--- 帖子 #1140 ---
And where was your entry?

--- 帖子 #1141 ---
I have I think 10 on now

So I am not going to go back & figure out just where I got in.....

but the chart has what I would see as buying signs.

I put the arrows where & why  you can figure out from list below

1. stoch

2. candle formations

3. big tails

4. bounce off trend lines

5. breaking of closing on the other side of the 20 sma (remember it is the middle of the B. Band)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Eur/Usd 30 mins

--- 帖子 #1142 ---
You don't use 50EMA?

--- 帖子 #1143 ---
not on this system

TEB

--- 帖子 #1144 ---
hard day!! because its a japan holiday & NFP tommorrow!!

TEB

--- 帖子 #1145 ---
Hi TEB,

Does the arrows on last graph are automatically generated or you put them manually on chart? If automatically, can you share the EA/Indicators?

Thanks,

--- 帖子 #1146 ---
Great advice from Mouteki to draw trendlines:

Hope it helps.

--- 帖子 #1147 ---
Nope... I put them there by hand

TEB

--- 帖子 #1148 ---
Check this, will show an arrow when Stoch cross.

--- 帖子 #1149 ---
This is great - I do his # one wrong most of the time - But he is right

But I would add the following

1. You need 3 points not 2 points to form a good trend line!!!

2. I have found channels are great to confirm your lines!

4X love their channels!! believe me esp. 4 hour & above

3.I have found day channels are the base or playing field

& the 4 hour as a "price channel"

4. Channels on less then 4 hour are not very strong

TEB

--- 帖子 #1150 ---
True, that would draw much more precise trendlines.

--- 帖子 #1151 ---
I just read through the 1st 20 pages of this thread and would like to know if I am approaching this strategy correctly. Please refer to the charts below.

-All of the stoch on the D1, 4H & 30M are in the down direction which is a short signal

-When looking at the 30M, the Stoch is approaching the 20 and just left the 50. This would indicate I should NOT take this short trade.

-Additionally, because price is already below the 50 EMA I should NOT take this short trade.

-Had the price been above the 50 EMA and the 30 TF stoch been in the down direction leaving the 80, and the D1 & 4H TF's stoch's in the down direction, this would have been a good short entry.

Am I doing this correctly?

This setup is as of 9:30 EST, using UGM as broker.

Attached Image

--- 帖子 #1152 ---
[quote=jeffreytp;1432271]I just read through the 1st 20 pages of this thread and would like to know if I am approaching this strategy correctly. Please refer to the charts below.

-All of the stoch on the D1, 4H & 30M are in the down direction which is a short signal

-When looking at the 30M, the Stoch is approaching the 20 and just left the 50. This would indicate I should NOT take this short trade.

-Additionally, because price is already below the 50 EMA I should NOT take this short trade.

-Had the price been above the 50 EMA and the 30 TF stoch been in the down direction leaving the 80, and the D1 & 4H TF's stoch's in the down direction, this would have been a good short entry.

Am I doing this correctly?

This setup is as of 9:30 EST, using UGM as broker.

Hi Jeffery,

You have identified to areas, which are lised by TEB as being 'pip room', as to why this trade should not have been taken. It may turn out to have been a good trade but the levels of probability were low, and there are many more certain trades available.

Well done and keep looking. Spotting them in real time is the key.

G-Man

--- 帖子 #1153 ---
Hi traders,

I have improved my older version with the following:

Alert improvement:

Choose how many Time frames must be in line to give an alert (1,2,3 or 4).

Example:

period1                      = 30

period2                      = 60

period3                      = 240

period4                      = 1440
MaxNumberOfLinesP1    =    2

MaxNumberOfLinesP2    =    0

MaxNumberOfLinesP3    =    2

MaxNumberOfLinesP4    =    2

This means that the second time frame (= 1hr) is not being used (-> MaxNumberOfLinesP2 = 0)

The other time frames will allways show 2 lines in the LOWEST time frame (MaxNumberOfLinesP1 = 2, etc.).

If, during a new bar, the stochs cross over, there will be a pending line, until close. This pending line will always count as one of the lines. So if you have set 2 lines, the pending line will always be the first of the 2 lines.

In the above example you have chosen for 3 time frames with 2 lines maximum. If you click on a higher TF, the lines of the lowest will disappear.

Now you can choose when to show an alert:
AlertNrOfTFs = 3

1, 2 or 3 (3 is maximum in this case, because you only use 3 time frames).

Then there is an extra filter:

You can choose to handle different combinations:

(See complete set of parameters in Indicator)
Here you see time frame setups (if 3 TF's) for different cross overs:

extern string  Up_2Dn_3Up           = "Buy";     // "Buy"  or "NoTrade" or empty string

extern string  Up_2Up_3Dn           = "Buy";     // "Buy"  or "NoTrade"

extern string  Up_2Dn_4Up           = "Buy";     // "Buy"  or "NoTrade"

extern string  Up_2Up_4Dn           = "Buy";     // "Buy"  or "NoTrade"

extern string  Up_3Dn_4Up           = "Buy";     // "Buy"  or "NoTrade"

extern string  Up_3Up_4Dn           = "Buy";     // "Buy"  or "NoTrade"

extern string  Dn_2Up_3Dn           = "Sell";    // "Sell" or "NoTrade"

extern string  Dn_2Dn_3Up           = "Sell";    // "Sell" or "NoTrade"

extern string  Dn_2Up_4Dn           = "Sell";    // "Sell" or "NoTrade"

extern string  Dn_2Dn_4Up           = "Sell";    // "Sell" or "NoTrade"

extern string  Dn_3Up_4Dn           = "Sell";    // "Sell" or "NoTrade"

extern string  Dn_3Dn_4Up           = "Sell";    // "Sell" or "NoTrade"

Here you can determine if you want to use the setups for an alert.

Let's look at the last one: "Dn_3Dn_4Up" = "Sell"

This could be a "sell" setup. The first TF is down, the second TF is not used, the third TF is down and the fourth TF is up.

If you don't want an alert for this setup, you just remove the "Sell" string.

Regards,

fewhills

--- 帖子 #1154 ---
thanks fewhills,

nice indicator

--- 帖子 #1155 ---
Morning all....and welcome back to me !!

What's up ??? Anything good at the horizon ?

I'm short of cable from yesterday @ 1.9936 (demo only this time because I'm testing some indicator before NFP) looking at holding out until after NFP. If I am correct the numbers should be good for the $

--- 帖子 #1156 ---
I was on spud's thread yesterday

& he was sharing a idea he had,

& this morning I did it

below is a posting I put on spuds thread

TEB

Hi Spud

I think you are on to a good thing here

I have played with these two stoch settings before

& they never worked

but I had a brain storm last night - to add a cover chart

4 hours is too long

- 30 mins too short ( but I might do some more work with this one)

I tried the 1 hour (which is also basically a strong 3 hour stoch setting as well

- 14.3.3 on the hour is basically a very very strong 5.3.3 setting on the 3 hour)

& it worked great!!

again I set up on the hour chart -

which is also basically a 3 hour chart(1433 etc)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Eur/USD hour

- blue line is a clear in

then I moved to the 5 min chart which is also the 15 min ( 14.3.3 etc)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

5 min eur/Usd

The line is from the hour chart

arrows buys

"X" out

I will share this on my site as well

but wanted to give you the credit

for at least getting me thinking

I am sure you will work it the reverse to me

anyways good going

I had some very good trades here

& I did it with with the Usd/Jpy as well

thanks

TEB

--- 帖子 #1157 ---
Hi guys

on this new system

I think on the 14.3.3 stoch

the normal setting of 20 & 80% is best

TEB

--- 帖子 #1158 ---
Hi TEB,

Think you may have put the hourly blue line in the wrong place on the 5m chart example above.

You have the blue line on the hourly signal candle i.e 00.00 open and 01.00 close.

But on the 5m chart it is still showing on the 00.00 candle which is 00.00 open and 00.05 close, 55 minutes before the direction is given on the end of the hourly candle.

Hope this makes sense.

In this example if you wait for the hourly candle to close the 5m blue line needs to be on the 00.55-01.00 candle.

--- 帖子 #1159 ---
Not sure why ...I just changed the time frame?

I placed the line on the hour & dropped down to the 5 min?

I don't normal do such a big spread  its 12 to 1

I think it is likely in the change over?

But thanks for showing me that

does anyone know why that would happen?

TEB

--- 帖子 #1160 ---
just closed 12 trades with the eur & cable about 300 pips!!

I think it will still go up

but I am now till monday

see you monday

TEB

--- 帖子 #1161 ---
maybe that is it?

its really dropping now

better to be lucky them good

Bye

TEB

--- 帖子 #1162 ---
I this what happens is that when you draw a line is goes on the, for example candle that opens at 2pm.

Then when you change timeframes it stays on that 2pm open candle, so

On the 1 hour chart it will be on the 2pm open - 3pm close candle

On the 30m chart it will be on the 2pm open - 2.30 close candle

On the 5 min chanrt it will be on the 2pm open - 2.05 close candle.

etc etc

On the 1 min chart it will be on the 2pm open - 2.01 close candle.

--- 帖子 #1163 ---
but is that not what I want to happen?

TEB

--- 帖子 #1164 ---
Depends on if you wait for the hourly candle to close before starting to look for entries.

If the trigger is given on the 2pm-3pm hourly candle and you wait for it to close as complete confirmation, when you drop down to the 5m chart the line needs to be on the 2.55-3.00 candle.

--- 帖子 #1165 ---
Hi TEB!

What can you say, I need your opinion:

You put vertical line on history at the H1 candle when it's FORMED, CLOSED. But this line is at the START of the hour.

Then you switch down to M5. You see your line. It's still at the START of that PAST hour. You are looking for next points (stoch crosses for example). But the part of these points are in that PAST hour!

Sorry for my English. Do you understand me?

Do you agree that we have to draw vertical line on higher TF at +1 candle? Then it will be at the END of the hour, AFTER the candle is formed. Then only we can switch down to lower TFs.

Example charts:

First chart - stoch cross@H1

Second chart - you CAN NOT analise X-marked points, because

! the light-blue area@M5 is bold vertical line@H1 !

Please tell me, am I right? Your opinion is very necessary for me.

Thank you!

--- 帖子 #1166 ---
The hour is the base time... At lease for me ..

but this also means the "3 hour" stoch must close as well

which might be ok

because it is still quicker then the 4 hour clossing

but we can not cheat- ( oh one does that do they )

but we are in faster?

don't know which is better -

What is much better on this is finding a great set up

which I love - just leave it on the hour .. when

you see the set up - & you move to the 5 min ... I like easy!

That is why I like it better then 4 hour 30 mins & 5 mins

which I have been know to use

(that has the right spead 6- 8 to 1)

this one does over the 4 stoch periods

TEB

--- 帖子 #1167 ---
you are right ..

but I sometmes cheat

if I have one of the two higher stochs already out of the "zone" ( 20-80% area)

& the other one clearly moving that way (in what I call the yellow zone)

I will take the trade when the lowerst shoch give me the sign

in this case I would want both lower stochs to give the sign

but you must be careful!!!!!!!!!

need to get a feel for it

TEB

--- 帖子 #1168 ---
hi teb,

regarding your post #1159, does it mean that the new method will now requires 2 (14.3.3) & (5.3.3) stochs and flipping thru H1,M15,M5 instead of 1 (5.3.3) stoch on D1,H4,M30?

please shed me some 'lite'

and thanks!

--- 帖子 #1169 ---
no - just 2 i. hour & ii. 5 mins

the 5.3.3 on each of the two charts speaks for that time 5 min & 1 hour

but the 14.3.3 speakes for a 2nd TF on that chart ie. 15 min ( 5 min) & 3 hour ( 1 hour)

so on each chart you are getting 2 time frames   - so 4 with both

so two charts are giving you 4 times?

does that make sense?

TEB

--- 帖子 #1170 ---
thats great teb! thanks again!

--- 帖子 #1171 ---
Hi again TEB,

When you say you have just closed 12 Trades, is that 12 individual trades, how do you manage them all, I have trouble if I have 2 open at the same time !!

--- 帖子 #1172 ---
I have to go ...

I take the trades when the 5 ( & 15) put me in with signs

& I run for cover when the 1 hour stoch changed on me

The cover chart the "3 hour - 14.3.3 on the hour" was still good

& that is why I think it will still go up likely monday

also the 4 hour & day have turned or are going to turn up

TEB

it worked today

--- 帖子 #1173 ---
Hope i wont be asking to much since you are about to leave? can you send a chart as an example .

--- 帖子 #1174 ---
TEB that is outstanding.

One observation and one question if I may. I agree with the other posts about the time on the chart lines are placed on the longer TF's that represent the cross over positions. This is why I queried earlier your position on the 4 hour in relation to crosses occuring on the current live bar.

And one quick quezzie. The pips you made today, were they all seperate positions? i.e. open/close then open a new trade, or did you have several entry points so you had simutaneous trades in the same pair and then close them all at the some time for profit.

If it is the former then you have done outstandingly well today my friend and I salute you.

Thanks for your observations help and comments.

G-Man

--- 帖子 #1175 ---
yes - 12 diff. trades

some - the bigger - ones were from yesterday

most - the smaller -ones where from today

I was buying yesterday when everyone was selling

I was pretty sure we were going to see the dollar drop.

I thought it would be more.

the reasons i thought that were 2 fold

1. the data on employment this week

2. There where big reports .. of us "dumb money selling big time"

us dumb money are wronge like 90% of the time

if it had gone the other way I would only have to hold it a few days

likely monday & the eur would be back -weeks at worst.

That was my thinking anyways

most of the trades were on the Eur.

I find it is easy to trade- it trends very well.

I like the Usd/Jpn & the Cable & lonnie

I seem to get in big trouble when I trade the others

likely its because I don't follow them as much

But THIS WAS A VERY VERY GOOD DAY for me

I don't do this every day!

most days I don't make this much

TEB

--- 帖子 #1176 ---
see posting 1159

TEB

--- 帖子 #1177 ---
Quote:

Originally Posted by bagovino http://www.forexfactory.com/images/buttons/viewpost.gif
Teb,

If you remember a week ago or so I introduced the 15,5,5 stoch as a confirmation on the 1hr chart. This new addition of the 14,3,3 is the same thing just a different setting.

If you take a 1hr chart and look what happens when the 14,3,3 and 5,3,3 agree I think you will see almost all winning trades!

I'm thinking maybe we can develop something here using the 1hr 14,3,3 and 5,3,3 as the major direction of the trade and zoom into a smaller TF for entry/exits.

Bagovino

What can I say you are right ..

I will give you credit too ..

you sowed some great seeds

sorry it takes sometime to work stuff into thick head!!

The lights just went on last night

I have played with the 2 stochs on the same chart

- many settings - many times

I just never thought of two charts before

I find with just the two on one chart it works great for a while

then you get hit in chop or the big "D"

but with the cover chart ... its looks great

I did some back testing.....

I am intersted to see what Stud says

He is kinda like Ginger Rodger - to my Fred Astaire

... He does everything I do but backwords & in high heals

so if he also can make it work it might be something

anyways it was fun today

TEB

--- 帖子 #1178 ---
Just to clarify in MT4:

14,3,3 = Kperiod, Dperiod, Slowing

correct?

--- 帖子 #1179 ---
By the way should we use Low/High or Close/Close? I noticed Close/Close give values nearer 0 and 100.

And about the MA Method, Simple or Exponential? I noticed this values doesn't influence so much as Price field.

Thanks,

--- 帖子 #1180 ---
Hi teb, i noticed that u take a trade looking a five minute time frame, haha.. to tell the truth, i was doing the same thing yesterday..

I use a couple of mtf stochs (setting at 5min{5.3.3}, 30min{5.3.3}, 1hr{5.3.3} and 1hr{14.3.3}) on the 5min tf. When all the signals aligned(30min and the two 1hr stoch) u pull the trigger when the 5min stoch cross!!!

The result is truly AMAZING!!! test it out and see for urself guys!!

by using 5min stoch cross to enter, that means u enter at the tip of a trend, the stoploss u need is extremely small (5-8pips). And the probability of the market going your way is EXTREMELY HIGH!!!

I would like to request any of the kind people who know programming to help program a signal alert indicator using the above setting... Your help is truly truly! appreciated!!

Thanks and take care!

David

--- 帖子 #1181 ---
Quote:

Originally Posted by jeffreytp http://www.forexfactory.com/images/buttons/viewpost.gif
Just to clarify in MT4:

14,3,3 = Kperiod, Dperiod, Slowing

correct?

By the way should we use Low/High or Close/Close? I noticed Close/Close give values nearer 0 and 100.

And about the MA Method, Simple or Exponential? I noticed this values doesn't influence so much as Price field.

Thanks,

-----------------------

I answered the ?'s myself.  Some were included in prior posts:

14,3,3 = Kperiod, Dperiod, Slowing

Low/High

Simple

--- 帖子 #1182 ---
Do you wait for the cross to be confirmed by a closed candle on the 5m, or take it as you see it?

--- 帖子 #1183 ---
So with this we ignore the 50 SMA? Also, are you placing the trades as the stoch cross real time or once you have candle close as a cross confirmation.

--- 帖子 #1184 ---
yes

--- 帖子 #1185 ---
low/high  simple

--- 帖子 #1186 ---
on the 5 min .. the 50 may be to high a filter

--- 帖子 #1187 ---
I have played with this System last night Quite a bit

It works quite well

word of worning : Spud & I do things quite diff ..

1. I use candles & MA more then he does.

2. I work from the top -down. He works from the bottom- up... etc.

3. I have a more flexable use of the Stoch

4. He goes for 20 pips a day I would like quite a bit more

Spud does what he does very well & very safe but it is diff.

from the way I am doing it ...

I say this as a warning because I know many people follow both threads.

& if you try to do both ways you WILL get into trouble!

in many ways we do the mirror image of the other...

you have to understand this

anyways I often back test new Ideas on two of the wildest pairs Gold & Usd/Mex

& if a new idea works on these two it is normally a good sign

I did about 3 days by hand on each- here is the latest set on both

.... so here they are...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Gold 5 mins

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Usd/Mxn 5 mins

TEB

TEB

--- 帖子 #1188 ---
one last chart Eur/JPN 5 min

the lines are from the hour chart

The red line shows the exit - where the hour stoch turned against us..

I would close all the open trades at that point

I am trying to be fair..

the last trade I likely would not have taken.. but I might have

so I put it on it would be for a small loss

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

TEB

--- 帖子 #1189 ---
Hi TEB,

Don't know if it is of any interest to you but have you looked at 533 stochs on a 2 or 3 hour chart using the period converter.

Maybe good for working a trade up the timeframes once w are in.

--- 帖子 #1190 ---
so you would do 5mins &  2 hour or 3 hour

I think the problem would be the spred  it would be 24 to 1  & 36 to 1

I see the spred like waves - if the spred is too gread

the "waves" have no effect on each other?

That is my thinking?!

That is why I like TEB system of  -  one day to 4 hour to 30 mins (5 mins)

& why I like this System the "T[b][color=red]EB2"[/color][/b]  at 5min, 15min, 1 hour, & 3 hour

over the 4 charts you get that Spred

But I will look at anything!!!!!!!!!!!!

TEB

--- 帖子 #1191 ---
TEB2 works!!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Usd/Jpn 5 mins

lines- from hour chart

arrows in

XX out

etc

By the way on the big move in the down area

I would have closed the 1st two trades

before it came way back up.. right?

Based on candles or the 15 min stoch likely

And the last two trades up I would not take

Because it is to late on a friday afternoon!!

TEB

--- 帖子 #1192 ---
A closed candle would be safe...you could also enter as soon as it crosses. With all the other time frame ie. 30, 1h, and 14.3.3 1h=> which is equal to tf 3h like teb said, in ur direction you can mostly be confident    What are ur opinion,guys? teb?

It would be great if we could hav an alert when the 30,1h and (14.3.3) 1h align, then we just wait for the 5 to cross..

regards,

david

--- 帖子 #1193 ---
So can we have the official rules on the TEB2 system???

Thanks,

Bagovino

--- 帖子 #1194 ---
What MA period's are you using, MA methods, and Applying to setting as in MT4 you are using?

--- 帖子 #1195 ---
I am to be gone - so I have to be quick - will do more on monday

cherry picking I would love too

1. Are you using the 20 SMA as a filter? Like in TEB 1

I am that is why it is there on both the 5 & 1hour.

more on the 5 min

- also keep an eye onthe 200EMA

2. Of I missed a big big point!!!
This is Likely why you say I an cherry picking
I only take trades where both the 2 5min stochs
are coming throught the the 50 % line
so I want more the 50 of the stoch left - or there abouts

3. I am exiting when the 1 hour stoch crosses against me ... I want to let pips run if I can.

- if it price crossed back over the 20SMA I would exit

- On a big move, I will exit with the 15 min stoch crossing against me

- on big big tails of coarse

- I am also wanting to working on trend line system for exiting

but not yet have in place

for other questions please send real charts with the questions

its hard to really see what you mean other wise

TEB

--- 帖子 #1196 ---
20SMA

200EMA

TEB

--- 帖子 #1197 ---
and do you apply them to the Open, Close, High, Low, or some of the others listed in MT4

--- 帖子 #1198 ---
Is this while looking at the 5m or H1?

--- 帖子 #1199 ---
hello they are interested to your system to be able to make to understand better like working and graphical settaggio?

thanks

marcello

italy

--- 帖子 #1200 ---
??

--- 帖子 #1201 ---
close -

I think it is fair to say everyone uses close on all MA & tools

or they will state it is something else Close is standard

TEB

--- 帖子 #1202 ---
tebs do you still using the 1D,4h,30m stoch ? or you have another system, what happen to your old system?

--- 帖子 #1203 ---
either ...but it is more likely to happen on the 5 min chart

but if it did cross on the hour I would really get out fast

TEB

--- 帖子 #1204 ---
That is TEB 1 - sure I still use it

TEB 2  is a diff system

& it is just 2 charts

a - 5 min chart & an 1 hour chart

but the 14.3.3 stoch on each chart gives readings

like you were also on the 15 min chart & the 3 hour chart

so the 1 hour chart is the set up chart

(cover & trend stochs on this one)

& the 5 min chart is the trigger stoch & fine tuning stoch

TEB

--- 帖子 #1205 ---
I am still putting them together for TEB2

still working them out!!

But I think it will be a cleaner & clearer system then TEB1

TEB

--- 帖子 #1206 ---
I great thread on FF - I would say is a must read for everyone

I came across it last thrusday & have read it 3 times (well Jacko's parts)

Jacko's Forex House of Pleasure and Pain

Find it & read it

I have used the 50% fib only (0% & 100% I gues too but not all the others)

& "0s" numbers on the charts (not the fibs)

in fact I use "100 & the 50"

ie 1.1350 or 1.1400 also as I have stated on my threads.

(- the spred right)

But normal as targets not enters!!

(I have used 50% fibs sometimes for enteries)

But I think he is right about Trend Lines (TL) are best for both in & out

And I have in the last few weeks been trying to stay in trades longer

I think I will stay with TEB 2 for enteries

but develope a TL Exit

TEB

--- 帖子 #1207 ---
hi teb

still really like your teb 1 system, and will probably stay with that for now. you know "find a system you like and stick with it" kinda guy.

would you still say that the opening title is still true of this system ? and also - what are the downsides that you experienced with it ,is it the drawdowns or any other info you can relate that will make me wiser/more understanding of its little intricasies( what kind of drawdowns can i expect too see ?)

i,m starting with a fairly small account but will be cautious with my MM.

ANY HINTS TIPS would be welcome

thanks

rye

--- 帖子 #1208 ---
Just do it - trade with real money

go to oanda where you can trade one cent at a time

it is diff trading real money

learn to put trades on & walk away

believe in the system you are using

TEB1 is a great system I am still using it too.

good luck

TEB

--- 帖子 #1209 ---
Hi TEB

Yesterday I was all the day reading the entire thread... yep.. the 81 pages.... it was very interesting.

I'm new in forex... I've been in demo for a month... learning... and now having read this thread I feel confident to start trading with real money... IYou are right maybe is a good option to start with oanda... but why oanda doesn't have 4H charts? so... maybe I'll start directly with the TEB2 system in oanda.

Wish me luck ! After having read more than 1200 posts here... I feel a bit like from this family... heh.

Thank you TEB.

--- 帖子 #1210 ---
I don't use Oanda's charts just thier accounts

good luck!!

TEB

--- 帖子 #1211 ---
Open a demo account with any broker that has MetaTrader. Use MT4 charts and use Oanda plattform only to place trades.

--- 帖子 #1212 ---
Good USDJPY long entry?

http://i19.tinypic.com/4mx4phg.gif

http://i17.tinypic.com/53r35uo.gif

--- 帖子 #1213 ---
wow great i hope u release that 2nd system soon  thanks tebs

--- 帖子 #1214 ---
Sorry for the questions :

1. Is it correct that TEB1 just using the stochastic (5,3,3) on 30 minutes chart and 4 Hour Chart?  4 Hour chart is the trend, and 30 minutes is just for an entry tools?

2. In sequence, what are the good currencies to trade using TEB1?

3. Is it correct that TEB2 using stochastic (14,3,3) on 5 minutes chart and 1 hour chart, 1 hour chart as trend and 5 minutes is entry signal?

Thank You

--- 帖子 #1215 ---
Am I right in the TEB2 understanding?   :

14,3,3&5,3,3@H1 - crosses in one direction

14,3,3&5,3,3@M5 - move over/under 50% in one direction

Exit - crosses of BOTH stochs@M5?

Right charts?

1 more question: what are the full rules of using MAs here?

Thanks!

--- 帖子 #1216 ---
WOW ovee 101 000 Hits on this thread!!

I am going to be away for few weeks

If I get a chance I might look in from time to time

Good luck

--- 帖子 #1217 ---
Not bad

the best Exit is when the 1 hour 5.3.3 crosses

safest is when the 14.3.3 on the 5 min crosses

but watch your 20SMA & candles as well

esp. big tails

TEB

--- 帖子 #1218 ---
1. & the day chart. I uses 3

( I am still using this to perdict where a pair is going on)

The day chart is the cover chart .

the 4 hour is the trend chart

30 min is the trigger chart

2. E/U -  E/J  - U/J - G/U  - U/Cad - A-U-  U/Chf

seem to work best for me

3. It uses two stochs 5.3.3 & 14.3.3

so you get two time frames sort of on each chart

TEB

--- 帖子 #1219 ---
I'll do that. Thank you. I still don't know if deposit with paypal or wire transfer... I am from Spain and don't know which will have more comission for the transfer. Have to ask.

did you take that USD/JPY? The setup you posted was ok for me... but it seems it is a little quiet and slow today... I can't see any good movement in any pair... so.. maybe it means that I will see good movements in all the pairs in some hours.. or tomorrow...

--- 帖子 #1220 ---
We'll miss you Teb... Have a nice weeks

--- 帖子 #1221 ---
Thanks for answer!

What to look for? Or a # of post in this thread cos I can't find if you told it already

Thank you anyway!

--- 帖子 #1222 ---
Hi,

One of the members requested a version for TEB2.

I made the crossover[4]. The default settings can be used for TEB2.

2 x 1hr stoch (5,3,3) and (14,3,3)

and

2 x 5 min stoch (5,3,3) and (14,3,3)

Each stoch now can have it's own settings and own colors. You can play with them and fit them as you like.

Of course you can use this one for TEB1 system too. Just change parameters, like in crossover[3].

Forgot to say: only stoch cross overs are detected! I will have a look at %stoch cross overs and make this in the next version.

Regards,

fewhills

--- 帖子 #1223 ---
fantastic indicator,  thx

--- 帖子 #1224 ---
Thank you for the indicator.

--- 帖子 #1225 ---
Thanks for the explanation TEB, and have a nice vacation !!!

--- 帖子 #1226 ---
hi

you asked about hints

One big point I would say

learn to follow the 4 hour trend !!!!!!!!

the easiest way to do that is a 4 channel on your chart & only go with it !!

you will win 85% of the time!!

esp. on the big 3 pairs E/U- E/J - E/J

70-80% of the time price bounces inside the channel

85% with trend 65% against the trend ,

& if you add other tools it can get up to 90-95%

I Only only go with the trend

2nd.

also learn to use the 200 ema on all time frames esp.

week,day,4 hours, -- then hour ,30 mins etc .

if price is up on the 1st 3 & down on say the 30 min

look to buy

- if the reverse it true look to sell.

TEB

--- 帖子 #1227 ---
thought i'd share this with you......

whilst working for a customer the other day , must have been 70+ yrs old which makes this even funnier.........

customer : Had some terrible trouble with my wife recently.....

Me : whys that ?

cust : she had all her credit cards stolen, but i havent reported it to the police, as the thief is spend lees than she ever did !!!!!

--- 帖子 #1228 ---
Hi Teb....

I check the chart and Stochactic repaint especially for 30M, so the backtesting won't accurate.... Did the repaint effect with ur trading so far?

--- 帖子 #1229 ---
Spud,

You said you use all indicators set to close.... The 5,3,3 Stoch were set to High/Low by default. Are you setting your stochs to close as well?

Please clarify this. It makes a difference on what everyone is seeing regarding the stochs.

Thanks,

B.

--- 帖子 #1230 ---
spud,

Also, Is it a new system for you to use only the 1hr and 5min now? 1hr for main trend and 5 min for taking signals? If so, can you explain it a bit more? Are you using both 5,3,3 and 14,3,3?

Thanks again!

B.

--- 帖子 #1231 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

EUR/USD

Look at that big old tail ...

bouncing right off the 4 hour channel bottom!!

I love "Tiggers"

TEB

--- 帖子 #1232 ---
So does this mean the down trend is coming to an end, and an up trend may be approaching?

Do you draw your channel lines manually, or is there an indicator?

--- 帖子 #1233 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

5 min eur/usd

I don't like this... the 1433 stoch did drop below the 50- its a very week sign

we are in chop !!

it is going to go up is it now or a little later ?

Guys I am not at home so I may not get back as soon as I do normmally

yes I do hand draw my lines

The bouncing tigger great sign to the trend being over

but we need to see the next full candle before we can know for sure

TEB

--- 帖子 #1234 ---
hi TEB

i was wondering if it is possible to have a daily and 4h stoch cross to be seen in my 30 min chart ? just like you have it on those charts you show us (blue lines and arrows on your 1st post...)   thanks.

--- 帖子 #1235 ---
Teb,

Can you please address my last 2 posts when you get a chance? I see my stochs look different than yours. Are you setting them to close or high/low?

Also, What exactly is the 1hr 5min scalping system???

Thanks a million!

Bagovino

--- 帖子 #1236 ---
Hi Bago

I am on vacation .. can I do it when I get back?

TEB

--- 帖子 #1237 ---
Hi Bago

were the post above for me or spud? you have them named spud

533 simple low/high closed

TEB

--- 帖子 #1238 ---
As requested by one of the members, stoch cross over has symbols in the alert.

I will make % cross over in 1 of the next times for teb2 system.

Regards,

fewhills

--- 帖子 #1239 ---
Thank you very much fewhills!!

--- 帖子 #1240 ---
Teb,

You cant do high/low and closed. It's either high/low or closed.

I'm nervous now... I may have had the wrong settings all along!!!!

Which is it??? Please help!

B.

--- 帖子 #1241 ---
their are diff things

the close is that SMA

the low/hign is the stoch

so its the low/high readings of a 533

close so 5SMA closed & 3 SMA closed

but pulling the readings off the stoch at its low high

or closed/closed

you had high low is that your reading or just a miss print

I think on all MT4 its always L/H

I am not home but I believe that is right

I will be a "real computer" later today or tomorrow & I will check

TEB

--- 帖子 #1242 ---
Hello Tebs ,i'm new with your sistem,...thanks for sharing this fantastic extradionary simple trading sistem

i folow your thread  2 days ago,so i just  read in the  the  begining,  and the  most i admire  of you  is  your smile ,the KISS,that is somehow influence us ,as a trader for not forget about SMILING

PS:sory for my bad english

--- 帖子 #1243 ---
Hi TEB63,

If you want my opinion, stick with your system you currently use in this thread (i mean TEB2 533, 1433), dont modified it too much, you use about the same setup as what i currently use, Traded my system for 8 year now, a minor variation of what you use. Im a bank trader btw , i showed in this link something maybe who can interest you http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...&postcount=954 .

Keep up the good work TEB63,

Best Regards,

EricFX

--- 帖子 #1244 ---
Hello ErickFX

thanks for information, 8 years hah,...so your bank also have a good trader like you

about 1 years i'm always using pending order with my old sistem,it is true help us from false signal.tebs  533  is simple thats why we all love it

--- 帖子 #1245 ---
Erick,

Would you mind sharing your knowlege of trading with stoch's since you said you trade very similar to Teb's.

Would you mind explaining your system. Maybe something there combined with Teb's can even better what Teb has going on here.

Thanks,

Bagovino

--- 帖子 #1246 ---
Hi Eric,

Very interesting comments from a professional, and I better understand why market seems so crazy at some time....

Would sure be interesting if you give some more infos about your own system....

Thanks anyway and keep up the good work

PDL

--- 帖子 #1247 ---
I am now looking for a reason to buy eur. & cable

I think the big boys are done - or rather have let us go far eneogh

& now they will want to make some money..

need to wait for the signs,

... we have a bounced off the day channel bottom (I only hve oando charts)

if we start up & the stachs say good to go - may well be worth a look

it may start today & really get going next week.

if it does breaks the day/four hour channel we will have a big big drop.

but that would be strange as the USD interst rates are going down

& Eur is going up- Cable rates have already

(on the cable - the Blair thing may have some effect

.. and they only had a .25 % increase many where looking for .50%)

the last few times we have seen this happen a big move in the wrong direction

& in a week or so the pair is where it should be

ie well well + of before the rate increase!!

we will see what will happen

if it is a "dump money train" move or a real correction

when it starts up a target might be 13.695 or 13.680 would be better

but that will take more then a week to get to

TEB

--- 帖子 #1248 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Eur/USD 4 hour

If it breaks this TL I think we will see a big drop

But I have been wanting it to test it

Lets see what happens

(Demos on laptops  )

TEB

--- 帖子 #1249 ---
Hi Bagovino,

I dont want to post here how i trade with the Stoch, TEB63 spend a bunch of hour to help you all in this thread. Follow what it do with TEB2 system. MultiTimeframe is the way to go but anybody who follow this thread already know that anyway.The main reason why i posted here is because i see TEB63 going in many direction trying to find the perfect system and i wanted to tell him he already have one right here.

When i started to trade i was lost in so many system, and at the end (9 month later) i was trading sucessfully the first one hehe.Its easy to get lost in forex like any other market.Bank trader learn to manage money nothing more nothing less , at the university they didnt tell us how to trade lol if they was able to do that , every trader will take the same signal at the same time  .Its why its so important to stick with a system and trying to improve it for the rest of your life.The only indicator i use is a Stoch, dont need others. Some friend of me trade with a CCI, others trade with Macd, everybody is successfull. The reason why its important to not mix too much indicator its if you get 10 signal but 9 of them was in conflict with other indicator and you only took the last signal who was in agreement with all your indicator and your wrong, you maybe only lost 10-20 pips but if you took all the 10 signal and 7-10 was a good one, you make maybe 120 pips, and you lost maybe 35 pips at the end of the day , so 95 pips in profit for one paire.

Lost is inevitable, cut it short and you will be fine and your wallet will grow like hell.Money management is the key , even with a 30/70 win ration if you get 7 lost of 15 pips but 3 win of 40 pips , you make money , not alot but its just a exemple of a realy crappy system with market order but you manage your lost and you let the winner run, not the bad one. Gain confidence in your system, you will not be scared to take a trade even if its a loosing one cuz you know your winner will be by far greater than your lossers.

Everybody can trade successfully in forex even if they cant move the market like bank can do.They just need to dont get lost at trying to find the perfect system who do no lost at all and start trading with a good one and stick with it. I explained why the market can move in one direction for no reason, so for the same reason a system cant be right every time.Its why its so important to spend hour and hour and hour to learn how to use your indicator and understand how it react with different type of market.

I hope you all a wonderfull trading day.

Best Regards,

EricFX

P.S sorry for my bad english

--- 帖子 #1250 ---
Thanks for the info EricFx. Some good things to know. Have a great weekend as well....

--- 帖子 #1251 ---
Hi EricFX

Please feel free to post away!!!

I would love to learn for others!!

TEB

--- 帖子 #1252 ---
Ill make a Word Document or something like that of what i look when i take a trade cuz i dont have the time to answer alot of question by day. Ill send you my document by email when it will be ready , experiment and if you like something fell free to use it.

I just posted 5 message and i got 37 private mail asking me alot of thing so ill try to do my contribution to you system in this way.

I wish you a nice weekend

Best Regards,

EricFX

Edit :

will be easier to me to just answer your question than answering question from everybody at once

--- 帖子 #1253 ---
Erick,

You say the TEB2 system is the way to go. Isn't that the one that uses MA's and not so much Stoch's?

B.

--- 帖子 #1254 ---
I have always used MAs

it uses two times frames not 3

TEB

--- 帖子 #1255 ---
great!!

--- 帖子 #1256 ---
Like TEB63 said, only 2 timeframe and the Stochastic, personaly i dont use MA's but its a personal choice.

Best Regards,

EricFX

Edit:

I said MultiTimeFrame is the way to go, and i pointed to the TEB2 system cuz its similare to what i use.

--- 帖子 #1257 ---
very interested to see the settings & the time frames

--- 帖子 #1258 ---
I have had a lot of time to thinkthis week

on vacation

Started playing with an Idea

very simple 3 things

4 hour channel--- its the trend never go against it

4 hour stoch 533

& 30 stoch 533

& darn if it didn't work- it is simple simple

I also tried 1 hour & 15 mins - & 30 mins & 5 mins.

other people want to look at it

TEB

--- 帖子 #1259 ---
Thanks EricFX,

that would be great to add information regarding Tebs sistem,

but i presume the basic is still the same,

i know not many trader trade in friday,i dont trade to many in friday,but please take alook  this picture,another Great perfomance from TEBS2 sistem in friday

--- 帖子 #1260 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

eur/Usd 15 mins

15 min & 4 hour stoch readings

20Sma for TP

TEB

--- 帖子 #1261 ---
Eric/Teb,

So which 2 timeframes are reccommended? The 1hr/5min with 5,3,3/14,3,3 or the the 4hr/30min?

Thanks,

B.

--- 帖子 #1262 ---
Hi TEB63,

Ok if I understand you correctly when the 4hr 5,3,3 stoch crosses either the 20 or 80 level then you go back to the 15, 30, or 1 hr 5,3,3 stoch  and when it crosses the 50 level either up or down (short if dwn or up for long) then that's when the trigger is pulled. As far as a sl goes do you set it when you take the trade or is it a mental sl ? And do  you think a 25 to 35 sl is sufficient enough for certain pairs such as gbp/jpy? Thanks  in advance....Also do you wait for the close or take it as soon soon as it crosses ? ....

--- 帖子 #1263 ---
One last thing TEB63 , What is the function of the sma 20? Is it just for tp purposes or does it have other funtions as well?  Thanks  once again ....

--- 帖子 #1264 ---
still playing with this - the 20SMA .. I may use

-at the end of a big run if it cuts back under the 20sma I would be out

I would rather use a hour TL but I could not find one here

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Aud/USD 30 min

Purple line is top of 4 hour channel

Big blue line is 4 hour stoch - in sign

big Red line is 4 hour stoch -OUT OUT sign

arrows are enteries

in the blue circle I see about 5 enters in that area

ie. stoch sign & candles formations & big tails etc

if I am using the 30 stoch as a buy sign

it must cut from the wrong side of the stoch over the 50%

20% or 80% zones better still

"X"s are out signs

1st- is the top of channel- touch or bounce

2nd - is crossing back over of price on the 20sma

3rd is the 4 hour stoch crossing!!! big one!!

I would like to use a TL system but has been choppy the last few days

TEB

--- 帖子 #1265 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Aud/usd 30 mins

see last posting for chart key

etc

TEB

--- 帖子 #1266 ---
here are two I did take

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Usd/Jpy 30 mins

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Eur/Usd 30 mins

Got to go

TEB

--- 帖子 #1267 ---
I am still doing both

But I am still wanting to go simpler ..

TEB

--- 帖子 #1268 ---
I thought you don't take the trade unless on the shorter time frame the stoch is coming out of the 20% going towards 50% for a long position.  Looks like you are taking them regardless if they are coming out of 50% or 20%.  Please clarify.

--- 帖子 #1269 ---
No that is Spud

I have always been a little easier on the Stoch

- Coming thought the 50% is just fine my me

in fact I love when you have it happen at the same time on MTF

I think it is one of the strongest signals you can get!

- that is why you always see the 50% line on my charts

I do want it under the 50% in a up trend in 95% of the cases

I will take a tread right up to the 80% zone in rare times

if I have great candle formations ie BIG BIB BIG TAILS

& very strong trends!

& I am of coarse with the trend

... but it is rare.

In A down trend its all opp. of coarse

But I may well of told others till they really get to know what they are doing

stay with the 20-80 rule.

But You can cheat with the stochs once they become your "friend"

TEB

--- 帖子 #1270 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

30 min Usd/Chf

I really like this system!!

It is a very strong & simple form of TEB1

TEB

--- 帖子 #1271 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Mark

here is how I have the two charts

the two charts side by side

grey is area of common

(I don't put grey on normally)

when the 4 hour turns down ... out

when it turns back up great

I do all the homework on the 4 hour chart

save the setting as "jpy1?"

open a new chart

put on that saved setting

then drop the new chart down to 30 mins

you can also do it all on one chart

the problen is

sometimes you miss the 4 hour change over

& it can repaint till he candle closes

TEB

--- 帖子 #1272 ---
Hi Bagovino,

Personaly i use 30M/4H because its easier to place a good SL and less wispaw but its a personal choice. If you like 5M/1H and got good result,go for it .

Best Regards,

EricFX

--- 帖子 #1273 ---
Hi TEB,

can you please post your method (or update first post) with the latest updates and final indicators used.

thank you.

--- 帖子 #1274 ---
Hi ErixFX

You use 4 hour/ 30 min too

I have found them the best

do you use 1 stoch in each time frame?

& what are there settings ? 5.3.3 ?

Do you use S/R

or just the stochs?

if you don't mind me asking

TEB

--- 帖子 #1275 ---
go to

just click on the below

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=20975

TEB

--- 帖子 #1276 ---
Hi TEB63,

I use a Standart Stock with 5/3/3 and a slow Stoch 14/3/3

Best Regards,

EricFX

--- 帖子 #1277 ---
cool

&

same set up on the 30 mins

TEB

--- 帖子 #1278 ---
Yeah same setup. Technicaly it work on all timeframe but its realy difficult to put a good SL on a timeframe lower than 30 min.

Best Regards,

EricFX

--- 帖子 #1279 ---
do you close when the 5.3.3 of the 4 hour turns?

--- 帖子 #1280 ---
When you say standard stoch

do you mean fast stoch?

--- 帖子 #1281 ---
No , i dont know too much the MT4 platform but i think the equivalent is a Full Stoch, on Reuters its SMI (Stochastic Momentum Index) it use a double smoothing %K but a Full Stoch will do the job.

Best Regards,

EricFX

--- 帖子 #1282 ---
Sorry for so many questions

& your English is much better then My french as I said.

But I think you are using only one Time frame at a time ..

the 30 min or the 4 hour ? is that right?

If that is right - I found it very hard to go counter trend

Now I found when the 4 hour covered the 30 mins it was good

in other words I would wait for the 4 hour chart

to have its two stochs going up

then I would look for the 30 min chart to have its two stochs go up.

Do you find that a problem?

if so what did you do?

--- 帖子 #1283 ---
Hi Teb,

I only use Stoch to trade, but for my TP i draw a Fibs Retracement on the High/Low of the Last day, i use them as R/S.

Best Regards,

EricFX

--- 帖子 #1284 ---
I use the 30m and the 4H and i only take trade when it agree with the 4H. Sometime i go against the trend when i saw in the market depth too much wierd pending entry(Iceberg formation) but usualy i follow the trend.

Best Regards,

EricFX

--- 帖子 #1285 ---
intersting

I do that too but with the biggest time frame I am trading

ie normally the 4 hour chart 4 hour fibs

I add the 50% as well - its amazing how often it bounce off it

but its more for break outs

then TP

but that is a good Idea

I like channels better for TP  & SL levels

--- 帖子 #1286 ---
yes ...

If the two time frames agree I also will go against the Trend!!

I use the MAs to see when the market is out of place " Wierd"

I have never heard of Iceberg formation before.. what is it

--- 帖子 #1287 ---
"Iceberg Formation" mean, when a bank want to sell by exemple 600M of euro , they will try to hide the ammount of money by placing alot of little order, so other bank will not bid against them cuz they didnt know they try to sell a bunch of money.That move the market realy fast in one direction when that happen.

Best Regards,

EricFX

--- 帖子 #1288 ---
how do you pick that up on the charts

I see it in what I call big tails?

normally at news times

--- 帖子 #1289 ---
I dont mean at News time, that can happen anytime, that will move the market by like 10-15 pips for no reason,sometime its jsut a TP , other time its a SL, other time i realy dont know why hehe.

At news time its easy , you jsut need to have Bloomberg or Reuters to know in wich direction the market will move. you will see the Economical number in realtime and have a software who will take that number and place a trade using your trigger. after that  look when the major bank begin to close they order in the market depth, that give you a big tip of a retracement.With Reuters you see which bank place a trade.

Best Regards,

EricFX

--- 帖子 #1290 ---
for sure

--- 帖子 #1291 ---
Hi,

I got alot of request for my Words document when it will be ready, so i decided to not make it and to put all the information directly on this thread. the only thing ill ask its to not ask any question if you didnt read the entire thread, i dont have alot of time to answer alot of question.

The Setup is :

SMI (Stochastic Momentum Index) 5/3/3/3, you can use a Full Stoch if you dont have this indicator.

Stochastic Slow, 14/3/3

TimeFrame : 30M/4H

PART 1:

Usualy i trade 10 paire but for all my exemple ill use EUR/USD, in the screenshot you see all trade i took from the 26 april until now on the 4H timeframe, the 3 Diamond is all trade i didnt took but all 3 was a good trade and the square was not a good one. the First diamond have a wierd shape, when you see a shape like that usualy the trend begin to loose it momentum, but in this one he didnt do that. The Second Diamond was too low for me to go short. For the last Diamond if you look at the momentum before it moved up, its was realy realy weak, so for me usualy ill wait for the Stock to go in the 70~ before taking a trade to see a better momentum. For the square, the stoch didnt reach near 25 so for me its a no trade to go long, too weak momentum to have a strong feeling in it.

For right now i just wanted to show the 4H chart cuz its your primary tool to trade,it show you where the price go and you get a better feeling of the momentum.If you just started to trade with the Stochastic , only trade this timeframe until you have a good confidence in the Stochastic, the Slow Stoch is your trigger, the SMI is your warning, the 80/20 line are your last entry , after that, too late if it was upper than 80 and lower 20 (i dont enter after it broke it by more than 5-6 point, if im in, good, if not , ill wait for the second signal)

The first 3 trade was in a sideway market, going up and down and we got 1 wispaw (The Square), Its why you need spend hour and hour and hour at looking at how react the Stoch in all type of market cuz its easy to follow a hard trend but in weak market you need to understand how it react. For all people who read that and think they only need to sell/buy when the Stoch cross and its done, good , that will make more money in my account, for the rest of you who will take time to study this indicator and learn how the market react with it, im sure you will be happy.

Ill post at the end of each day all signal we got with the Stoch on eur/usd ,and analise with you all how i read it, there alot of thing to learn from that indicator but i didnt have the time right now to write all thing i want to say in one post.But ill take the time after each day.

The last thing, if on the 4H the Stoch look wierd, dont try to see on the 30M if it look better, maybe it will look better but that will not make you a better market to trade

Best Regards,

EricFX

--- 帖子 #1292 ---
Thx for sharing EricFX.  Looking forward especially to how you use SMI (I do realize its not much different from standard stochs).  Again thanks for being kind enough to share your experience with others.

--- 帖子 #1293 ---
hello teb and all

that is my first chart here...

I add some indicators and it looks promising...

1. Trend (0,0,0,0,18,2,18,2000) - need to cross

2. ADX (20)- d+/d- >20

3. trendlines - to confirm.

when all indicators agree and the trendline break/breach thats the point to enter -as u can see- the thin lines with the arrows...

--- 帖子 #1294 ---
if it works for you great

But its way -way- way to busy for me.

what I have learned is simple is better !!

one tool .. Trend lines & candles - sure

But that is all you need

it MTFs that win

& many great trader use even less then that !!

good luck

TEB

--- 帖子 #1295 ---
I did a lot of back testing with a friend yesterday

of all the Stoch systems on Forex factor- & there are a # of them

we looked at % of wins per trades

# of pips per trade

# of trades per month

& all 3 together

the best was TEB2

2nd best wher 3 time frames day,hour 30 min

I didn't use MAs or channel on any

so that takes out a lot of the systems I use

The highter win % rates were all spuds

TEB

--- 帖子 #1296 ---
Thank you,

Keep up the good work

great strategy.

--- 帖子 #1297 ---
Hello TEB its my first time here. I was going through your thread and I find your approach very pragmatic and effective, however there are some things which I seem not understand.

The main issue is, I am not sure how and do you filter your entries (I know you use candels but still some pictures are not clear for me). Because looking at the attached picture, presuming your entries are marked with the blue arrows pointing "up" I see 2 more crosses of stochs, where I find no arrows.
Lets take for example in between the first and the second of your blue arrows (around 8am - 19th March 2007) there was a crossing on the stoch and you seem not to have taken a position (which was wise ) and I seem not to know how you filtered this as a false signal.

I would really appreciate if you shed some light on that for me as I am generally a newbee (one and a half year experience with Fx and still looking for a way to prosper)

All the best to you

Mike

--- 帖子 #1298 ---
Hi TEB's

I've been studying your simple system with the 4H and trend lines combined with trading the 15/30/1H within those trends.  Here's some data on GBPJPY you may find useful.

On a short,

I defined the start of the trend line where the 4H crossed the 80 down....if the down trend started before them I started the trend lines there.  You'll find much of the time this is the start of the trend anyways.  If price broke the trendline and the 4H stock was headed up above 20 I classified that as the trend ended.

I then started trading in the direction of the 4H on the 15M, 30M and 1H independently.

Trades were entered each time the stochastic crossed the 80 down, 61.8 down and 50 down.

There were 2x as many 30 min trades as hourly and 2x as many 15M trades as 30 mins.  Funny how that worked out so nicely.

There is a noticeable breakdown prior to the trend reversing...more on this further below.

Here are the percentages I measured for combined TF trades:

from 80 to 20  94% success  6% failure   50% of trades

from 61.8 to 25 91% success  7% failure   86% of trades

from 50 to 25   92% success  8% failure  100% of trades

25 seemed to be the better level for trades starting from 61.8 and 50...about a 5% difference in increased failures moving the target to 20.

Failure only means the stochastic did not fall to the level on a trade, it does not mean pips lost.  Successes does not always mean a pip gain.  However, for the most part pips losses were small and would have little impact over net gain.

Now, noticing a price break in trend and the 4H stochastic above 20 moving up would help catch a trend break.  More identifying were tags in the stoch movement of trade failures.  These failures would see a trade from the 80 to 20 or 62 to 25 make little movement.  For example most failures happen when the stoch moved from 62 to 50 and then reversed to initiate another down trade or simply went back to 80.  A move from 80 to 20 seeing a reversal around 40 back to 80 was also a break signal.

In other words failures increased across the time frames as/prior to the trend breaking down.  Otherwise, the successes were very high while the trend was in place with just very "close" failures (failures that almost reached target) appearing rarely.  If you do some observations towards the end of trends you will see this quite easily.

To sum up all that.....

Enter the trade with the 4H trend on a short at 80, 61.8 and ride it to the stoch hits 25-20.  When you start having failures, it is a warning sign to stop trading that trend.  That will get you better than 90% success and a good net of pips.

Might call this one Pip Fishing!  Throw out the net and take in the pips.

--- 帖子 #1299 ---
I think I see what you mean

It didn't break the 50% on the stoch

I want it to dip under & come back up through

But I am not sure which system this is from

I have a few going ...

I sometimes use 20sma & 50ema as a filter

TEB

--- 帖子 #1300 ---
if you aren't I would think about The Eur/Usd

in case you are wondering which way
UP

And just let it ride till next month-
interest increase from Europe!!
just a thought!

TEB

--- 帖子 #1301 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Cable 4 hours

Cover & trend Stochs

good to go!!

TEB

--- 帖子 #1302 ---
[quote=Spudfyre;1439765]Hi TEB's

I've been studying your simple system with the 4H and trend lines combined with trading the 15/30/1H within those trends. Here's some data on GBPJPY you may find useful.

Thanks SPUD!!!!!

TEB

--- 帖子 #1303 ---
EricFX,

You said you use 5,3,3 SMI or 14,3,3 regular Stoch. Does this mean if we dont have SMI then just use 14,3,3 regular stoch and NOT 5,3,3 regular stoch?

Thanks,

B.

--- 帖子 #1304 ---
he is using a smi which isa 5.3.3.3

but he says the 5.3.3 is fine

he still uses th 14.3.3 normal stoch

he uses them on both times frames he is trading

TEB

--- 帖子 #1305 ---
Thank you,

now it starts to make sense to me.

Recapitulating we need the stoch to cross in the 20% -50% area upwards to read it as a buy signal. If it crosses under 20% we do nothing, the same as if it crosses in the above 80% area (to make it safe). As far as the 4h and 1d are concerned I believe they need to be in line with the 30 min and also stay out of the overbought and oversold areas to treat them as proper signals. The 50 ema should have the price on the opposite side of the 4h trend. Just making sure...

As to the system, it is the one described at the begining of this thread.

I will keep studying your system and hopefully earning with it.

Regards

Mike

--- 帖子 #1306 ---
Well Guys

I think it is going to be a great week!!

but right now all the pairs I am trading are reloading

so I am just be holding my possitons for this morning

other then maybe some news trading

Good day

TEB

--- 帖子 #1307 ---
hi teb! i love your method and also spud's method. regarding your post above saying 'The highter win % rates were all spuds' , does it mean that spud's latest method which is 'spud's mtf stoch system' is much better than your teb2 system? can u explain this? how much better was it? i just love stochs so much since i started reading spud's journal and also your thread. both of you are just GReatt stoch teachers!

and thanks.

--- 帖子 #1308 ---
hi bag,

try this at post 5.
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...&highlight=smi

--- 帖子 #1309 ---
I think you have it right

the 50EMA for the most part TEB1

I only used it instead of a 3rd stoch. ( which was the day stoch)

today would be a great day to use that system

having said that TEB2 is a much better system

which used 4 stochs- & I never used the 50ema with it

I used the 20sma - even that I am playing with dropping

or using it only for a stop loss

one of my goals for this year is simple simple!!

TEB

--- 帖子 #1310 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

eur/usd 4 hour

I love tigger!!

see you later

TEB

--- 帖子 #1311 ---
That depends what you mean by better

what Spud & I are looking for are diff.

Spud wants to make 20 pips a day - his system does that most days

(BUT -you do need a good stop/Loss

when price turns on this system it tends to be bad!!)

I want to make quite a bit more pips then that each day ..mine does that

What I was looking for was which system makes the most pips a month

in that I was looking at 3 things in this test

1. the # of trades a month

2. the # of wins/vs. losses

3. the # of pips per win.

Then when you add those all together

(also we didn't add channels or MAs so that dropped some of my systems)

I only used 7 pairs e/u, u/j, e/u u/chf, u/cad, a/u, e/j for the test

then TEB2 wins quite well & TEB1 with 3 stochs was the next best

rules for the test were simple

enter when all stochs say yes

out when the 2nd highest stoch (trend stoch) says out

so at the end of the test

I would say I will stay with TEB2

& Spud wills stay with his system

(the 1st one had a higher score % of wins

then the one he is using now

but the 2nd gets a lot more pips)

I hope that helps...

What are you looking for?

THEN... pick your system

TEB

--- 帖子 #1312 ---
What are you watching right now and could you give us a heads up when you see someting happening today ,perhaps with some explanation of why your doing what you are.

i have a rare chance to watch this week so some leading by the hand would be really appreciated.

dont worry though am still only on demo

cheers

Rye

--- 帖子 #1313 ---
HOOOO

I love tiggers

TEB

--- 帖子 #1314 ---
thank you very much teb!  it is very well explained.

--- 帖子 #1315 ---
I have a lot on the eur/usd

I am up about 70 pips

& I see everything else reloading

so I will be a little careful - I am a little heavy for me

I may pair down a little

but everything thing is reloading
do like I do

put the paint on the charts

& wait for the stochs to come to you!!

let it go from the highters 4 hour 14.3.3

& get in when it gets to the 30 min 5.3.3

(by the way I looked .. no news today it will be quite)

See you guys later

TEB

--- 帖子 #1316 ---
speak soon , thanks again for your reply

Have agood day

Rye

--- 帖子 #1317 ---
Teb,

What do you mean by "let it go from the highters 4hr 14,3,3 & get in when it gets to the 30min 5,3,3"???? I dont understand what you are saying. Can you rephrase that?

Thanks,

b.

--- 帖子 #1318 ---
Teb,

Also, on your EUR/USD chart you put a blue highlight on the bottom of the Stochs... Is that where you are expecting price to go? Down?

Thanks,

Bags

--- 帖子 #1319 ---
I see price coming & going .. with the waves of price

up price waves will be bigger then down waves

so I do see price dropping - to reload

momuntum will not tell us how far it will drop or go up

it does tell us it will drop & will go up

& down will be less then the ups will be

ie. drop 30 up 70, drop 25 up 50 drop 27 up 25, drop 14 up 55

at the end of the waves we will be up I believe by a lot!!

also look at the Day stoch!!

anyways that is how I am playing it.

I am going to hold till it hits the channel top

or 1 or 2 days before interest rate news from eur..

unless some other big news happens

but everything is subject to change with out notice

TEB

--- 帖子 #1320 ---
See each of the 4 stochs as stages
in an up trend

work through the stages from highters to lowers to get in

& back to the 2nd highest for out

(reverse it in a down trend of coarse)

in

4hour 14.3.3

5.3.3

30min 14.3.3

5.3.3. enter

out

30min 5.3.3

14.3.3

4 hour 5.3.3 exit

--- 帖子 #1321 ---
Hi Teb,

My first post here....and of course congratulations and THANKS for your system and contribution...

Maybe you'll be interested in what I have on my 4H E/U....following your TEB1 system with my own filters...and my position for next 4 hours: DOWN

Maybe I'm wrong  but interested in your comments...

PDL

http://c/Program%20Files/Crown%20For...tes/ex1_4h.gif

--- 帖子 #1322 ---
so tebs is this what you do on tebs2?

- 2 timeframe 4H and 30M

- on both TF ur using stoch (5,3,3) and (14,3,3)

- long when both stoch on both TF crossing up

- out when 4H stoch crosing down

is that right, thanks

--- 帖子 #1323 ---
yes- normally

out when the 5.3.3 cross out on the 4 hour (the trend stoch)

now if its a big move

I may take 1/2 out with the 14.3.3 on the 30 min crosses

And there are alway big tails!!

TEB

--- 帖子 #1324 ---
sure if it works for you

I find it just to busy for me ... but that is me

you know all the tools basically tell you the same thing

they are all based on MAs

so I find it gets a little confusing

I see buy & sell signs on your chart at the same time?

that is the problem.

anyways good luck

TEB

--- 帖子 #1325 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

cable day

--- 帖子 #1326 ---
Thank for your comment....Yes it works not so bad for me ,more difficult to read, but maybe some more useful informations but stay based on your system TEB1

Good luck to you

PDL

--- 帖子 #1327 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

eur/usd day

!!!

--- 帖子 #1328 ---
cool

--- 帖子 #1329 ---
ehmm...

last week i was totally away from trading forex

(life get in the way)

actually i'm embarassed  to ask this

but can anyone gimme a brief bout TEB 2 system ??

--- 帖子 #1330 ---
Two time frames of two charts

the ones I am using

are

1 hour/5 mins & 4 hour/30 mins

But

Day/4 hour & Week/ Day

look GREAT !! too!!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

4 hour CAD

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

30min CAD

other questions let me know

TEB

--- 帖子 #1331 ---
Hi TEB, Great system.

Just wondering with the testing of teb2 you did, I gather all trades were based on a bar close entry?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #1332 ---
I believe so.. I think that is the only way to test it.

if not I will ask the guy who helped me.

TEB

--- 帖子 #1333 ---
Hi,

I have been following your thread and now I am really confused!!

Can you confirm that the TB2 system is as follows

1. 2 Charts 4hr and 30 min

2. Stoc on both charts 5,3,3

3. when the 4hr chart enters the 80 or 20 area you look at the 30min chart and see if the stoc on there has crossed 50, if so you enter a trade.

Now does the 30 min stoch have to be in the same direction as the 4hr stoch? i.e if the 4hr is turning 80 then heading down and the 30 min stoch has come up from 20 passing the 50 mark would you go long??

Also the 50 ma where does that have to be?

Today has been really slow have you had any trades during the US session?

Thanks for any help...

--- 帖子 #1334 ---
Hi Teb,

One more thing I use MT4 has anybody managed to automate it and what were the results....

Thank's

--- 帖子 #1335 ---
london,

the 4hr has to be crossed and moving in the same direction as the 30 min,

so if you get a 4hr cross from below 20 for example, once it passes thru 20 and closes, you then goto 30 min tf and wait for a cross up from below 20 pref, and close, then enter long.

--- 帖子 #1336 ---
I am not sure I really answered this before the way you wanted me to

so

its more I think the stochs will go down before price will go up

that is the simpler answer

TEB

--- 帖子 #1337 ---
Teb,

Thank you for spending your time anwsering all of our (MY) questions! It's very gracious of you!

Another one for you.... About the 14,3,3 and 5,3,3 getting in and out.

Are you saying you look for the 14,3,3 to cross in your direction first on the 4 hr then the 5,3,3 on the 4hr to confirm and determine direction? Then you go to the 30 min and do the same? 14,3,3 first then take the trade when the 5,3,3 follows?

Thanks,

B.

--- 帖子 #1338 ---
hi TEB and people

look at this screenshot. I have setup my 2 monitors and a profile to get a general view of the market. The stockbars v2 are great to instantly see all the stochastics of multiple pairs and multiple timeframes with the Fantastic Stoch_Bars_v2 indicator. So you can see in seconds which pair is best to trade for a determined moment. then you setup your TEB2 system for that pair.. and get some pips.. why not?

for this profile you need STOCH_BARS_V2c indicator... but I don't remember where I got it..... I think in this thread someone posted it but I cannot manage to find it with the search tool of the forum. sorry.

everybody have a great week!

PS: look how interesting is the GBP/USD... 1min is already heading up... 5 min and 10 min are going to cross... 30 min H1 and H4 are charging... Daily and Weekly are in the way to charge...

--- 帖子 #1339 ---
Hi

If its any help the way you described it in you post is correct.

the penny finally dropped for me only recently , but you have to remember the follwing:

4hr 14,3,3 represents a higher tf than 4hr

4hr 5,3,3 represents the 4hr tf

30 mn 14,3,3 represents a higher tf than 30mn(maybe 1hr)

30 mn 5,3,3  reresents 30mn stoch

S0oooo....

If they all correspond simultaneously, then you have FOUR timeframes telling you which direction price is heading.

it is extremely important that you wait( painfull i know!!) for all stoch moves to establish themselves i.e just below 80 or above 20 and that you wait for the relevant candle too close, to confirm position.

today has been the first day i have operated the method with my new understanding of it and the results are soooo much better.keep in mind how relatively quiet its been today..........

heres todays results:

short g/u +20 pips

short  u/chf  +5pips

long e/u +8pips

short g/u +33 pips

short usd/cad +23 pips

short gbp/chf +12 pips

And when i didn't follow the above rules today........

short e/j -13 pips

short usd/cad  - 1pip

however having just written this and read it back to myself it seems quite impressive but i,m so annoyed with myslf for not following the rules after teb has put in so much time to produce such a simple and excellent method...

so sorry teb i promise to do better...

Bag ...hope this helps

cheers

Rye

--- 帖子 #1340 ---
What do you use to signal your exits?

--- 帖子 #1341 ---
Hi

i should start by saying that i,m like a rabid dog with a toy when it comes to pip collection ...i dont like giving them back !!!!

as for exits , most of the time i get out when the 30 stoch crosses the 20,(or 80) sometimes its a bit early but hey ho better safe than sorry.

one other thing i tend to do if its any help is to use part of spuds escalator system ,in as much as , when i get a cross of the stoch at 4 hr ,ithen follow the 30 mn until that crosses in the same direction and then, just to keep my entry tight i go to the 15mn until that crosses ithen follow until either the 30mn cross or occassionally the HR stoch if i dont think the drawdown will be too great and everything is stacking up(and i'm feeling brave)

this is an excellent system but as with any method YOU MUST OBEY THE RULES ,and that is why i like this method so much is because it is so simple that there aren't many rules too follow

but once again YOU MUST OBEY THEM , treat them as you master, and know that if you dont do as your told you will be in some deep doo-doo

how are you getting on?

Rye

--- 帖子 #1342 ---
Hi there, nice trades, for learning purposes could u tell me what time was your pound shorts, u have two of them, I'd like to go onto chart and see

where u entered, thanks.

Edit: I can't find any trades that could produce how many pips you captured on

pound, I must be doing something wrong, could u pls post your chart so I can see what I'm doing wrong.

--- 帖子 #1343 ---
Hit and miss, really. I was trying to use TEB w/ the Sexy Stoch thread. It worked sometimes and not others. Also, I was not being patient enough and letting all the stochs line up. I was jumping the gun and trying to anticipate which way they would go. I need to take your example and wait for them to all show solid set ups.

--- 帖子 #1344 ---
Here is pound chart,

red line is cross and close of 4hr, blue line is 30 min trigger and would be first valid entry this week as far as I can understand this system, which would be at 1.9804 and max possible pips before stochs on 30 min crossed back up would be approx 10 pips after spread, pls show me what i'm doing wrong.

thanks

westie

--- 帖子 #1345 ---
my mistake with apologies my eyes are tired....

took the trade at 11.30 buuuuut it was the only trade i took with 3 lots today all other trades were 1 lot so when i was writing i was just dividing profit by 1 lot,,,,

so in fact it was only 11 pips but you must believe me when i say that was still a good day for me....i'm normally totally useless hehe !!!

WCALEM :

Discipline has been my biggest downfall so far (along with MM and stratedgy hehe!!)

however when you realise that the only way to stand afighting chance is to model yourself on success ,then you start to find out what other successful people are doing, and copy them as close as you can.Teb is a success model for me because after two years of searching and learning,  his method 'sang to me from the page' and made complete uncluttered sense.but it has taken four weeks of demo and adjusting (SPUD SYSTEM tweaks) to still arrive at the same old barriers to my own success........ME !!

I am only quoting here so dont shoot me but i was once told that there is a Holy Grail in trading but its not a system,method or plan ...IT'S YOU ...

YOU HAVE TO FIND THE DISCIPLINED TRADER WITHIN YOU

T he rest is just rules

any comments .feel free

Rye

--- 帖子 #1346 ---
Hi emda,

great post..

Here is "the missing indicator".

I also don't remember where I got it here on FF .

Anyhow here it is!

--- 帖子 #1347 ---
hey man, cool, I'm glad I had it right then, just wnated to make sure i wasn't doing something wrong, I think i've finally got it down, now time to go demo some.

thanks

--- 帖子 #1348 ---
Does anybody have the .mq4 file for this indicator?

--- 帖子 #1349 ---
for more info on this indi, please go here http://www.forex-tsd.com/101702-post92.html

--- 帖子 #1350 ---
Rye,

In each trade are you always waiting for stochs to enter into the 80+ zone are 20- zone and then come out of these zones or do you sometimes enter in the middle around 50? Thanks - Hoss

--- 帖子 #1351 ---
yep..

but some of them can happen at the same times

but its best when they happen 1.2.3.4

TEB

--- 帖子 #1352 ---
can I give some advice ...

pick one system & learn it well!!

if you try to do a few you will not learn or do well.

esp. the two you speak of.

the reason is TEB are standard settings

& the other one well

I still can not really understand where they get the settings from

it may well work I am sure

but the "waves " will not line up

TEB

--- 帖子 #1353 ---
Hello TEBS

MORE i read, more i understand, even i dont have a change to give my question couse its already ask by other member...533 & 14 33 combine with 30&4H TF  is the answer

you are my teacher TEBS even not directly

from deppest of my heart i say thank you very much TEBS

--- 帖子 #1354 ---
Hi,

Thanks ..when you say "wait for the cross up from below 20 pref" what do you mean by preferably?? you then say " and close" what do you mean by that?

I thought you enter when the 30min stoch breach the 50 line...or is this not the case/

Also I still dont understand what the EMA is on the chart for?

And has anyone developed an automated system for the MT4 platform otherwise you have to watch the screen the whole day...

TEB..Thanks so much for letting everyone share your system, I use a couple of systems but they are not very accurate, so I hope to use yours

--- 帖子 #1355 ---
Hello All!

Wonderful info from everyone, THANK YOU ALL!

Can anyone confirm that this chart set-up is all

that is needed for the most recent TEB2?

My understanding of ideal Long entry parameters is:

1) H4 14,3,3 Stoch (set to Low/High) slow and fast lines crossing each other below 20 then rising above 20.

2) H4 5,3,3 same.

3) M30 14,3,3 same.

4) M30 5,3,3 same.

Ideally, in order, 1 thru 4 or all together or all together with the next

alignment of Jupiter and Mars.  We may have to wait awhile for that last one!

Other indicators (e.g. MA's, TL's etc.) are discretionary.

What am I missing, my friends?:

Best of trading this week!

FXS

P.S. G/U just took off like a rocket upward after all 4 Stochs crossed up

when I took this screenshot (see chart below).

Not from below 20 or in the "right" order though.

Don't you hate it when the market doesn't follow the rules! LOL

--- 帖子 #1356 ---
[quote]originally posted by hoss

Rye,

In each trade are you always waiting for stochs to enter into the 80+ zone are 20- zone and then come out of these zones or do you sometimes enter in the middle around 50? Thanks - Hoss

Hoss,

you must wait until  the stoch leaves the 80 or 20 zone and is in an established path before taking a trade.

good luck - patience is definately the key for the perfect setup.

Rye

--- 帖子 #1357 ---
Hi Amir,

Could you please post in this thread, your trend indicator...

Thanks in advance

PDL

--- 帖子 #1358 ---
if they were under the 50% I would take that trade!!

--- 帖子 #1359 ---
[quote=Ryecatcher;1441105]

if it crosses through the 50% & back through again I would take the trade

esp. if its the 30 min stochs turning & the 4 hour stochs hold in the trend

--- 帖子 #1360 ---
Hiya guys, TEB.....

long time no speak....been away, came back and been busy again Not traded much the last couple of weeks. Been working on developing strategies from Vantage Point software.

Anyways, I se you dropped the daily chart and opted for 30 mins and 4hr charts with 2 sets of stochs. It's a good idea, how is it working out so far ?

I will be checking it out, especially since your original system worked very well for me.

As always, thanks for sharing TEB

--- 帖子 #1361 ---
Just posting what I think may be a potential set up. 4 hr stochs heading down, and 30 min stochs possibly crossing soon to the downside. Any thoughts?

--- 帖子 #1362 ---
you might be right but on 30 mins 14,3,3 has already turned again....

look at usdchf as well for confirmation....that will go the opposite direction

--- 帖子 #1363 ---
[quote=TEB63;1441232]
Teb,

which way??

--- 帖子 #1364 ---
Looks like this is a LONG setup on USDCHF
Attached Image

--- 帖子 #1365 ---
A nice setup no doubt !!!

--- 帖子 #1366 ---
JEFFREY,

I don't think this is a great trade as on the 4hr chart the stochs have been moving in and out of 50 and has not gone to extrems 20 or 80 and turned..your thoughts?

--- 帖子 #1367 ---
As I said in my previous post, EURUSD and USDCHF move in opposite directions....NEARLY ALWAYS, so if we get a sell setup on one confirmed by a buy setup on the other then....it will happen....but if it's not a complete one I would wait

--- 帖子 #1368 ---
It's probably not the best trade because of this.  But, I did go long on DEMO and will see what happens.

Looks like we may have more confirmations for other trades around 12pm est.

--- 帖子 #1369 ---
Looks like you were correct.  I went long at 1.2001 and was stopped out at 1.9965

--- 帖子 #1370 ---
Hornet,

Thankyou very intresting!! well the usd/chf tanked, I think there are alot of people unsure when and when not to trade using this system..

--- 帖子 #1371 ---
And where di EURUSD go ??? Almost pip for pip....it's not a -1.00 correlation but nearly. It's been, for the last few years, between -0.92 to -0.97

Unsure when to trade ? It's never a sure bet, just got to lower the risks....

The best scenarios would be coming out of 20 and 80....if it hoovers around 50 better leave it for a while...

--- 帖子 #1372 ---
Now lets keep an eye on USDCHF the next couple of days, it could become interesting to go long when all 4 stochs come out of the 20.... mind you it might be a few days from now.

--- 帖子 #1373 ---
Hej all you guys,

as far as EUR/USD is concerned I have seriously treated TEB's above quoted post as well as his posts number 1322 and 1330. (thanks TEB). I know its a bit off the system's very rules, but I thought I will follow the Master at this point, as I felt he had a good sensation about Eur/Usd future.

Just thought you'd like to know this

best regards

Mike

--- 帖子 #1374 ---
Hornet,

Not to change the subject, but how did you find the Vantage Point software? I've considered gettting it as a confirmation of my trade signals based off Teb's system.

Thanks,

Bagovino

--- 帖子 #1375 ---
Hiya Bago,

Vantage Point is a "Predicting Software", it should be used the other way round. You get the signals from VP and before entering a trade you get your confirmations from TEB's system. Today was a good day for my VP demo account (still testing to make sure I have everything set up the properway).

If you're interested you could check this site out:

http://www.traderchat.com/

It's a site dedicated to VP and has many strategies and reviews there for you to look at. I am sure I am allowed to post this link as it is not in competition with FF.

--- 帖子 #1376 ---
[quote=london;1441390]
eitherway

--- 帖子 #1377 ---
Bago

I have a posting from some where that showed basical

they use a simple moving avarage shifts over

I think it was 7(or 8 or9) & 3

If I can find it I will posted

Becarefull

used a 200 EMA or 4 hour channel will be better trend tester

that is my thoughts

--- 帖子 #1378 ---
& cable goes with the Eur.

But you get a lot less noice

Cable & Jus/Jpy go opp to each other

most of the time too

But they are all just fallowing the big dog- long term

the short term they have some leash esp the Cable & Usd/Jpy

but they will all com into line!!

--- 帖子 #1379 ---
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...?t=3188&page=2

This is not the one I was looking for but it will do

it is more possitive then the one I was looking for

He says its a 10sma & 4 shift

I think I read a little diff. SMA & charts to show

but this is it basically

I played with it it works okay to conferm not call the trades

TEB

--- 帖子 #1380 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

10SMA SHift 4

blue 10SMA normal

red 10SMA shift 4

TEB

--- 帖子 #1381 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Eur/Usd/ 4hour

When this (the blue circle) stoch turns

or a bounce off the the 100fib

might be a time to exit

& wait for an other up thurst

Have a trailing stop of coarse

TEB

http://www.forexfactory.com/images/misc/progress.gif

--- 帖子 #1382 ---
I heard that as well but, I bought the software and must admit I am very happy with it. It has an awful lot of indicators. It is too simplistic to say it uses one MA over 3 days. I don't work for them and don't get paid commisions this is ....just my 2 cents.

--- 帖子 #1383 ---
That is also true but the correlation is not as good as the previous two. The drawdowns are much bigger. They will fall in line eventually...if you can handle 30% or 40% drawdowns at times you'll make more money by carrying GBPUSD vs USDJPY

--- 帖子 #1384 ---
How are you my friend ???

--- 帖子 #1385 ---
Hi,

TEB can you please,please show on two seperate charts the 4hr and 30min time frame where you should have bought/sold yesterday as in some of your posts your using both the 5,3,3 and the 14,3,3 Sochs I am slightly confused as I was just using the 5,3,3 on the 4hr and 30min TF's, why would you add another? also when do you exit? are you still buying/selling 3 contracts with 10 pip, 25 pip profit...thanks I use MT4 and can not split charts....

PS. What is average pips you make per month??

--- 帖子 #1386 ---
I have to be honest with you this week I am only trading TEB2

I find it hard to go back & forth

& with the tests I did Saturday

I believe it is the best system for me.

so I didn't call it on what you are asking for

sorry.

I think I did go in the eur with the old system & I did show where I when in

at least the first two enteries

as to the number of pips

it changes every week.

TEB

--- 帖子 #1387 ---
I have stopped trading the Usd/Chf

its acting funny

TEB

--- 帖子 #1388 ---
intersting

you are the 1st person I have heard who is happy with it!

what are the tools they have with it ?

I know they have added quite a few of late.

TEB

--- 帖子 #1389 ---
TEB,

Can you please confirm the TEB2 system are you using 1hr and 5min cahrts for this system with 5,3,3 and 14,3,3 Stochs thanks so much.......

--- 帖子 #1390 ---
Teb,

Thanks for your advice on Vantage Point!!!!

What is the latest TEB system you are trading??

Bags

--- 帖子 #1391 ---
It takes a lot of hard work and dedication, what learning is done without the learning process. It doesn't tell you what to do, you got to understand what indicators are best used and how to use the.

I have version 7.0 and it has MACD, RSI, STOCHS, MA, Triple MA and others that are not, generally speaking, traditional indicators. Like Predicted High and Predicted Low for next day, predicted Neural Index, predicted Medium Term trend....etc etc....

http://www.traderchat.com/boards/sho...=1400#post1400

This is my thread at Trader Chat where I go through the whole process of understanding what to use and how to use them and applied to excel in a spreadsheet that I've been working on for the last couple of months and trying to improve continuosly.

--- 帖子 #1392 ---
mostly I am back to 4 hours & 30 mins

I find its a lot easier to trade

And I don't want to be tied to my computer

esp. the last 2 weeks

--- 帖子 #1393 ---
TEB2-4 hour & 30 mins

--- 帖子 #1394 ---
you know I did play with this a few years ago

I used the 7sma & 7sma shift 4

And it does work

need a good stop loss!!!

it works on a MTFT.. not alone so well

I used 4 hour for trend & 30mins for signs

I played with this a few years ago

I think they use 10sma

I found 7sma better

but someone may want to play with it

if you add the day

& use 3 time frames I think it would win big time

when I was playing with it I didn't ... may play with it now

use the day as your cover

4 hour as the trend

30 mins as signs

in an up trend

in when all 3 are up

& buy every time the 30 mins turns up

(you do want to see some space between the lines before the up turn)

out when the 4 hour turns down

(down trend opp)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

4 hour

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

30 mins

(last arrow should be blue)

TEB

--- 帖子 #1395 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

day CAD
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

4hour CAD

(missed one set in the middle)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

30 min CAD

I used thier 10sma & 10sma shift 4

TEB

--- 帖子 #1396 ---
Thanks for the info TEB, I am not able to do a step 4 on my charts to verify it. Anything else I could use instead?

--- 帖子 #1397 ---
It's a bit like using EMA10 and EMA20 crosses on daily charts, using EMA50 as a filter and only take the cross when the price goes to the same side of EMA50. It can win big no doubt but it's bit too simplistic explanation of VP in my opinion.

Granted that their selling point is the "Medium Term Crossover" but it's not just that to the software.

Don't disilussion me so quickly.....

--- 帖子 #1398 ---
Sorry:

I was doing the opp. saying it looks good

the 10,20,50 is standard & works great

But i do every thing in MTF

I think EMA work better I am still playing a little with it

put a Macd on it for the "big D"

& I think it would work great!!

TEB

--- 帖子 #1399 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Eur/Usd

EMA10 & EMA shift 4

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Eur/Usd

EMA7 & EMA shift 4

TEB

--- 帖子 #1400 ---
And I was joking.....

--- 帖子 #1401 ---
There's many ways to trade, and position trading with the right approach is probably the one I like the most. Don't need to be at your PC all day long as you do with intraday. Still like to sit here and look at graphs but intraday for 20 pips is just too much.....

In the meantime, E/U is down and U/C is up....time to look at going long again in E/U somewhere between 65-75....

--- 帖子 #1402 ---
Teb,

But eariler on you told me that you were trading the Teb2 system!!! which is 5min and 1hr charts or is this not the case??? I am now totaly confused on what is what,

--- 帖子 #1403 ---
With TEB2, I remember you can use 4H/30M or 1H/5M.

--- 帖子 #1404 ---
Hi TEB,

I must just say that your charts always look fantastic.

I wish I can get some to look like that.

G-Man

--- 帖子 #1405 ---
Jeff,

I didn't think that was the case, look at Teb's previous postings? Have you started using the system?

--- 帖子 #1406 ---
is this MFT EMA cross going to be TEB3 ?

LOL

is looking great too... I think the secret is the MTF part of all of them... you can just use it with any other system.. stochastics... EMA crosses...  macd... whatever you use... use it with MTF... and it is better. don't you agree?

--- 帖子 #1407 ---
no

I'm just having fun

too slow  I like the stochs

might get back into the euro trade though!!

TEB

--- 帖子 #1408 ---
Maybe we should wait till the Fed chair stops speaking.

--- 帖子 #1409 ---
Teb,

do you think we should use these new EMA's with the shifts to add to the system???

B.

--- 帖子 #1410 ---
No. I was just having fun

I think it can be traded ...

even with out the MACD-

with good MM

I have in fact simplified my charts

only a 4 hour channel ... a playing field- SL/TP-

- breaks - & just know where we are

& the 4 stochs on 4 hour & 30 mins

(I find the hour & 5 mins to much time sitting & a lower win rate)

That is it ... I am doing just fine!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Eur/Usd 4 hour

TEB

--- 帖子 #1411 ---
Looks like 1.3610 going to be a tough nut to crack for the Eur/Usd

But I think we are headed that way again

--- 帖子 #1412 ---
TEB,

I'm glad you have returned to your original method , it would be a shame not to , it makes too much sense and has turned all sorts of lights on for me ,so thanks

Anyway quick if not silly (obvious )question:

if the four hour is coming down as gbp /usd is at moment annd 30mn is heading up , is the 30 holding back the four hour and therefore how many turne up would it take to turn the four hour ?

cheers

Rye

--- 帖子 #1413 ---
No I am trading TEB2

I want to make it as simple as possible

I believe Simple & MTF are the answer to 4X

I like to play with other things

but thanks for your kind the words

TEB

--- 帖子 #1414 ---
I'm working my way through this thread.  Where is TEB2 discussed?

--- 帖子 #1415 ---
sorry i meant Teb2

have a good one !!!!!!!!

Rye

--- 帖子 #1416 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Eur/Usd 30

blue red

7 /7 sh 4 thine lines l

56 /56 sh 32 med lines

336 /336sh 192 thick lines

it is interesting system

its nice its all on one chart

rules

enter- when all go line pairs are the same same way

ie red over blue is down

more in more the red (7) cross back in the way of the trade

out when the med (56) lines cross

TEB

--- 帖子 #1417 ---
great teb...

I can see they are all exponential. is it right?

because I thought you used simple ones before

--- 帖子 #1418 ---
Teb,

Why dont you post your trades on here so that everyone can see what your doing? There seems to be alot of people confused as to what system

a. you are using

b. The TEB2 system

Maybe you clear this up for everyone

--- 帖子 #1419 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Eur/Usd 30

Big tail

I am just trading TEB2... 4 hour & 30 mins

the rest is just for fun

TEB
http://www.forexfactory.com/images/misc/progress.gif

--- 帖子 #1420 ---
Yes .. I am NOT trading this!!!!!

--- 帖子 #1421 ---
Hi TEB how are you doing? is this how your TEB2 looks like?? I am new and confused by this screenshot. u enter when the stoch 14/5,3,3 moves below 80,above20   at the same time??

thanx in advance,

fayeez

ps- you dont know how newbies like me appreciates ppl who are willing to help for free.Cheers.

--- 帖子 #1422 ---
Hi TEB... When did you change TEB2 to 4H 30M ? I thought TEB 2 was 1H 5M.

GBPUSD is looking good for long entries now TEB2(4H30M)

--- 帖子 #1423 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Eur/Usd 4 hour

Watch this today

I have a lot going on today

TEB

http://www.forexfactory.com/images/misc/progress.gif

--- 帖子 #1424 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Eur/Usd 30mins

TEB

--- 帖子 #1425 ---
Hi TEB63,

Thanks for sharing your system with us.

Can you please clarify the following?

TEB1 system:

Long when STC (5,3,3) on Daily, H4, M30 line up and crossed up from below 50%.

Short when STC (5,3,3) on Daily, H4, M30 line up and crossed down from above 50%.

TEB2 system:

Long when STC (14,3,3), (5,3,3) on H4, M30 line up and crossed up form below 50%.

Short when STC (14,3,3), (5,3,3) on H4, M30 line up and crossed down from above 50%.

Are the above rule correct? Is TEB2 not as safe as we are giving up the

Daily chart (ie. longer trend)?

And you mentioned that you are now trading only TEB2, is that because it is more profitable?

Please kindly clarify and advise.  Thanks in advance.

hksweeper

--- 帖子 #1426 ---
Hi TEB,

I am wondering, if you go on using the 35 pip stop loss. As in today's trade after entering long it was hit in my case. Do you protect your open position somehow, say after reaching + 10 pips, do you move your s/l to break even or something like that?

Regards

Mike

--- 帖子 #1427 ---
For all those interested...

We've setup a new live trading room... using software from  tradingrooms.com.  It's free and has some great features (chart sharing, etc).  The room is MTF Traders, no password required, and is open to any and all MTF traders.  Great place to see live what we learn here!

TEB, you can "dance live" with Spud!!

--- 帖子 #1428 ---
Sorry to intrude on the thread!

Just curious if anyone's trading Jacko's method there?

FXS

--- 帖子 #1429 ---
It was set up for folks interested in multiple time frame trading, either spud's or teb's versions, or other MTF stuff.

--- 帖子 #1430 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Eur/Usd 4 hour

hey guys

I Got to go & do some bussness for next week.

Will try to look in if I get a chance over the next week & a half

I am very very busy!

I am very very bullish on the eur..

I love what I see -

The 4 hour channel

& the 2 day stochs &  2, 4 hour stochs

so let me go out on a limb (I may get it cut off)

if we don't have any major news happen

i.e. war or worse a wrong intrerst rate news

I see it going up to the 1.3700 area!!(1.3695)

I will be swing trading it.

trade it at your risk or not!

good luck

TEB

--- 帖子 #1431 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

4 hour Usd/Chf

I like the Usd/CHF !!

It is often is a weather bell for the euro

TEB

--- 帖子 #1432 ---
I am not trading the Usd/Chf

if I was I would target

1.2 safe

1.195 less safe

TEB

--- 帖子 #1433 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Eur/Usd 4 hour

Target is Blue hanging line

Mayby!!

TEB

--- 帖子 #1434 ---
safer targets !!

Blue Arrows

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Eur/Usd 4 hour

Have a great weekend!!

TEB

--- 帖子 #1435 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Cable 4 hour

TEB

--- 帖子 #1436 ---
Teb,

Great graphs but what are you trying to say????

--- 帖子 #1437 ---
Euro    up

Chf    down

Cable  Up

1.once the Blair thing claims down

2. the market gets over a .25 % increase in interest rates

rather then .50%

TEB

--- 帖子 #1438 ---
Hi,

What sort of time frame are you talking about??

I have tried to use the TEB2 system this week which produced some very bad results, the problem I found is that even if both stochs are trading the same way and you get a trigger order above 50, the 30min did not continue and changed direction this happened quite a few times, am I doing it correct? anyone else using this system??

--- 帖子 #1439 ---
were you trading with the 4 hour channel as your trend setter?

also you do have to know the news . ie, Blair & interest rates

ps. I had a good week

bye the way TEB1...  day, 4 hour , 30 mins is safer but you get less signals

TEB

--- 帖子 #1440 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Usd/Chf 4 hours

TEB

--- 帖子 #1441 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I see no reason for the drop

I see very strong S.

I am in  big

TEB

--- 帖子 #1442 ---
Hi TEB,

Can you tell me how you draw the trend channel?

--- 帖子 #1443 ---
It looks like all of the stochs are heading down. Is your sole reason for taking the trade the support at the trendline?

Thanks,

Richard

--- 帖子 #1444 ---
30 & 60 min stochs going up as well

but yes main reason

also the gap up last night is a very strong up sign

I don't know what is going on today

but its looks like a good buy to me!!

teb

--- 帖子 #1445 ---
I do it by hand

I know there are tools

But I find as I play with it

I get a better feel for what is going on!!

That is just me

TEB

--- 帖子 #1446 ---
Thanks for the clarification. I should've said the longer term stochs are down. I notice in earlier posts you mentioned that you would trade against the longer term stochs under certain circumstances, and I guess this is one of them.

I've been more of a support and resistance trader until recently, so I'm beginning to see how this method can work along with S/R. By the way, 1.3400-50 was an old resistance area back in late March/early April, so I think this is a good call.

By the way, thanks a lot for your efforts in this thread. You've opened (reopened) my eyes to a way of trading that I haven't considered for a long time.

Richard

--- 帖子 #1447 ---
still holding the eur/usd trades

Teb

--- 帖子 #1448 ---
thanks for your kind words

--- 帖子 #1449 ---
it looks like the reason for the usd strenght yesterday

which came out of nowhere

is there is VERY strong talk of a common dollar in the US & Canada

and maybe Mexico & maybe even some other smaller countiers

for Canada & Usa - it looks like it just might happen.

this would strenghten the USD but this will take years & years to do. if ever,

so will this strenght from yesterday keep going till the joining-LOL

TEB

--- 帖子 #1450 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Eur/Usd Day

TEB

--- 帖子 #1451 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

4 hour

see you tomorrow

teb

--- 帖子 #1452 ---
what is your stop

--- 帖子 #1453 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

4 hour e/u

better S/R

--- 帖子 #1454 ---
Anyone still trading TEB 1?

it seems that EURUSD H4 STC and H1 STC has been lined up for long, I may go long if M15 's STC lined up with them.

--- 帖子 #1455 ---
yes I do look today nice movement before FOMC

--- 帖子 #1456 ---
next trade after reverse lines to blue and after FOMC

--- 帖子 #1457 ---
Hi traders,

Some of the members requested some changes to the StochCrossOver indicator.

With this one you can handle to 9 time frames and customize each time frame as you like, or you can just shut it off.

Per time frame you can choose a stoch signal crossover or a overbought/oversold crossover. The parameters for overbought/oversold can also be changed.

You can choose alerts that are combined.

Per time frame you can change the colors, the line widths and styles, etc.

You can even use the same time frames with different alerting.

Regards,

fewhills

--- 帖子 #1458 ---
thanks for the changes.

but I have a problem with setting a line style #1 for the 14.3.3 in all time frames exept 5 min please check the attachment as I make some adjustment on your file to see what I mean.

regards

tsidki.

--- 帖子 #1459 ---
Hi Tsidki,

I think I understand your problem.

If lines are NOT solid, you can not change the width. So, all none-solid lines only can have 1 as width in MQL4.

Regards,

fewhills

--- 帖子 #1460 ---
thanks I make all TMF solid and now it's ok.

regards

tsidki

--- 帖子 #1461 ---
Hi TEB,

can we still consider Eur/Usd being in an up trend, with a near possibility to move upwards?

Will be glad for some clarification.

All the best

Mike

--- 帖子 #1462 ---
Hi there, I am not TEB but it is my opinion that the positive trend on USD is actually coming to an end within the next few days. Maybe before the end of the week we will have the trend reversal (more like the end of retracement) and EURUSD will start moving up again.

--- 帖子 #1463 ---
Thank you for your opinion

Regards

Mike

--- 帖子 #1464 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Eur/Usd 4 hour

I think it is going up too

Last week was very slow

I am up about 1 pip on one lot & 22 pips on on other lot on the Eur

But a lot of pips on the cable

I have a very busy week this week as well

good luck to all

--- 帖子 #1465 ---
Hello TEB and everyone

I m not sure what S/R is, could maybe some one please expalain it to me?

Regards

Mike

--- 帖子 #1466 ---
Hi Michael O.

S/R is support and resistance

Hope that helps,

GL & GT

AZ

--- 帖子 #1467 ---
Thanks for the claryfication

Mike

--- 帖子 #1468 ---
HEY Guys

I have been too bussy trading & stuff to talk much

I think the Eur is Turning !!

I think we may see a big move up in it

& the pound soon.

The interst in the Cad had been where the money have been going

But where is the proffits to be put?

... look to interst rates

I think it will go into In the Eur & pound

I see money already starting to flow - may start tomorrow

may not be till next week

But I hear the train loading to go north

TEB

--- 帖子 #1469 ---
My only question is why some of the option guys didn't take out 1.3400

because there must be big money there

So we may still have a battle for it ... or the battle may already be won

TEB

--- 帖子 #1470 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Euro/Usd Day

--- 帖子 #1471 ---
Let me go out on a line again!!

I have been luckly so far

I think we are going to have a big big move up on the Euro

& its going to run for awail!!

TEB

--- 帖子 #1472 ---
Hello TEB,

glad you dropped in and shared some valuable info.

Regards

Mike

--- 帖子 #1473 ---
Hey one and all

I have been very busy of late

But I thought I would share this with you.

I have been playing with TEB1 using weekly, daily, & 4 hour charts

I do put on a 4 hour @ day channels- just to see what is going on S/R

But in the last two weeks I made more with this system then I did with all the small trades i did.

& the great thing - I have to watch it very little!!

the Week is the cover chart

the day is the trend chart

the 4 hour is the buy/sell chart

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Usd/Eur day

TEB

--- 帖子 #1474 ---
NFP

was great for the Usd & revivsion from last month up as well

& the dollar barely moved !!

great sign for the euro!!

I think the north train is just about finnished loading

TEB

--- 帖子 #1475 ---
Hi TEB, do you think taht the massive movement upwards that looks to be awaited is going to reach 1.3700 or rather move upwards beyond?

If you find time, will appriciate your opinion.

Regards

Mike

--- 帖子 #1476 ---
the euro

I am in at 1.3390

I thought the 1.3400 would be taken out!!

TEB

--- 帖子 #1477 ---
I think its going to run a lot higher this year

but I see the 1st big R is 1.3681 just under the 1.4000

TEB

--- 帖子 #1478 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Eur/Usd Weekly

You have to like this!!

TEB

--- 帖子 #1479 ---
Thanks a lot

Regards

Mike

--- 帖子 #1480 ---
TEB,

I am wondering if you suppose GBP/JPY might continue its way up. Loking at S/R its not as neat and clear as EURUSD is.

GBP/JPY has been racing up so far and I am wondering if there are reasons for it to continue. I personally think that it[s up trend is not going to die out right now, and even if then I suppose it will take some time to slow down, which will alow to to make some profits on taking GBP/JPZ dips againts stochs, but would highly appreciate your opinion.

Regards

Mike

--- 帖子 #1481 ---
That is why I like the  Eur/Usd

I think the Gpb/Jpy will keep going up long term.
BUT  ... having said that ... on the weekly, day & 4 hour chart

I see the big "D".

becareful!!

TEB

--- 帖子 #1482 ---
Thanks again,

I guess that we shall have some draw down on GBP/JPY, as my 4h and 1 week is over 80% and 1Day, looks undecided. I think, I will wait at least for the 4h to move down below 50% and turn up and wil trigger it with the 30 min on the wrong side of the 50 ema.

Reagrds

Mike

--- 帖子 #1483 ---
Hey Teb,

What is the value of the MA on your chart?

Thanks,

B.

--- 帖子 #1484 ---
20sma

--- 帖子 #1485 ---
Hello TEB,

one question.

Are the tails on the candles more signifficant with longer time frame like eg. a 4h candle with long tail is a stronger signal of taking a position than say a 30 min. candle with a long tail?

Regards

Mike

--- 帖子 #1486 ---
always!!

everything on a higher time frame is more powerful!

--- 帖子 #1487 ---
So did everyone do ok on the Eur/Usd & cable?

I hope so!

Now the Question what do we do?

Take our money & run or sit?

This is because the USA is speaking of a rate increase ... not a cut

& this may change everything!

still the Eur is speaking of 3 increases more.

I can not see the Usa having more then one.

It was nice & neat before this..

darn LOL

TEB

--- 帖子 #1488 ---
TEB, I have just finished looking at all 100 pages of your system and all I can say is WOW. I think you have really hit the nail on the head with regards to forex in terms of MTF. It is so simple and succinct offering high percentage trades which you can let run long or short if you so desire. I just want to say thank you for kindness in offering this system to the public. Even though others have possibly been trading this system, you in my opinion, have brough it to the forefront.

I have recently stumbled on stochs and for some odd reason I like them a lot. finding your post has really opened my eyes on how to implement indicators. Yes they lag, but if they coincide, they can be really powerful and save you from whipsaws. I have already been testing your system and it has produced some decent results for me but I need to do more testing.

To round off, I would just like to ask you a few questions about your recent TEB2 posts. I notice that you have been posting a lot of 4hr charts but not much (if nay) 30min charts for entries. When you have been recently trading the TEB2 with the 4h channel, have you stopped using the 30min stoch crosses as entries? Do you only enter on a touch of the channel boundary with a 4hr stoch cross?

I also wanted to ask if you think of using a 4hr & 1hr TEB2 system. You might get less entries, but maybe more reliable.

Let me know what you think but thank you again for such an incredible system and for following up on it.

take care and god bless.

--- 帖子 #1489 ---
1. the 4 hour is always my base charts for the tools & the R/S & channels.

2.No I still use the 30 min as a trigger when I use the TEB2

I must say I am again using the TEB1 with the longer time frames more though.

3. TEB2 - 4 & 1 hour... its ok I think as a trigger 30 mins is better

because  14.3.3  on the hour is almost the same as as 5.3.3. on the 4 hour

so you lose one of your stochs in effect.

also I think the 30 min with the 14.3.3 is very safe

TEB

--- 帖子 #1490 ---
I am starting to watch the Eur to get back in - to go up.

not quite yet though!!

but it may not be till next week

The Eur/ Jpy would then be next after that

TEB

--- 帖子 #1491 ---
Hi TEB,

what do you think about GBP/JPY is it the right timr to go long, as it reached almost its support?

Regards

Mike

--- 帖子 #1492 ---
I think now after this drop I am looking for it to go up

but again not quite yet

TEB

--- 帖子 #1493 ---
Thanks again,

your opinions are always precious

Regards

Mike

--- 帖子 #1494 ---
hey teb, how do you get your stoch comparisons between the 4hr and the 1hr? In other words, how do you know that the 14.3.3 on the 1hr is similar to the 4hr 5.3.3? Is it just eyeballing it or do you actually calculate it out?

thanks.

--- 帖子 #1495 ---
Stochs are just SMA - but they give you more info ie. over buy/sold

a 15.3.3 on the 3 hour is about the same as a 5.3.3  on the 1 hour

(its a little stronger)

go to your chart and put 3 SMA & a 5 SMA

& they will cross where the stochs do (5.3.3 low/high)

So a 14.3.3 on the 4 hour is a strong 5.3.3 on the 1 hour

TEB

--- 帖子 #1496 ---
Hi teb, i thought the stochs were more complicated than that. I mean they take into consideration far more than just the current price. I thought that if you had say a 15.3.3 on the one hour, that would be equivalent to a 5.3.3 on the 3hr as 1hr is 1/3 of 3hr therefore we would have to divide the 15 to get 5 (for the stoch setting).

I am a little lost as to how a 14.3.3 on a 1hr would be equiv. to a 4h 5.3.3. I would expect a 5.3.3 on a 4hr to be a 20.3.3 on the 1hr as 4hr = 4x1hr = 5x4 = 20.

Is this right?

--- 帖子 #1497 ---
Its not-  it would be really the 3hour but the diff becomes to small to the 4 hour it loses it's helpfulness.

it is a little more then just this but not a lot-

that is why it works because it is so simple

TEB

--- 帖子 #1498 ---
clearly I am not getting this lol. I will clearly have to put em up and see what is close to what etc.

Out of curiousity, when using TEB1 on the weekly system, do you draw a daily channel similar to when you used TEB1 on the daily you drew 4h channels. I might look into testing this but sometimes the daily and weekly switch up so dam much. I am liking the 30 min as it can catch some nice moves. If it lines up with a weekly or daily cross, its much better.

--- 帖子 #1499 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

eur/usd 4 hour

starting to look very very good!

Big tail bouncing off a strong the Daily Support

& the bottom of the 4 hour channel

the red line is the 200ema & I think this pair is out of place!

I will be moving now to the stochs to watch when to get in !

only thing is, it is friday so it might be a fake out or nothing may happen until monday

TEB

--- 帖子 #1500 ---
yes I draw a daily channel but I still draw the 4 hour as well

TEB

--- 帖子 #1501 ---
Hello TEB,

what is your opinion on the EUR/USD having moved below the support 1Day channel (at least on my chart). Anyway, I trust you a lot more than myself regarding predicting the direction of moves. Just wanted to get your opinion on this one.

Regards

Mike

--- 帖子 #1502 ---
Hi again,

one more thing, I just wanted to ask you if todays USD/JPY was the right setup according to TEB1. It looks all right to me, however the day candle has not closed yet, thus I would like to clarify this.

The setup came at 4 am eastern. what do you think?

Regards

Mike

--- 帖子 #1503 ---
Hey teb...i am in on that EUR trade from the upper channel...right now up 130 pips . I have been noticing something though and wanted to know if you saw this as well. Whenever the stoch curves from TEB2 line up almost identically, there seems to be a major move regardless of trend direction. I thought i quite fascinating but not sure if this is an occurence because of how the currencies have been trading lately.

--- 帖子 #1504 ---
good stuff !

I am only going north on the eur

I believe we will see a big break up.

But now the Usa is speaking about rate increases  who knows

When you have the 4 stochs going the same its a very good bid!!

TEB

--- 帖子 #1505 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

teb

--- 帖子 #1506 ---
thats a huge channel! That looks pretty interesting but it doesnt line up so sweetly for me. Right now for me it has broken that bottom channel. What I like about these systems is that there is very little guess work. I don't know where it will go...but I will follow the signs . Will be interesting to see where it goes.

On a side note, I have been looking at some daily/4h crosses that occur at the same time, and some of them MOVE.

--- 帖子 #1507 ---
Ok,

I see

Thank you

Mike

--- 帖子 #1508 ---
Hi TEB,

wondering if we can employ stochs to trade eg Nokia stocks, which are available to me on my broker's platform. The attached charts are Nokia 4h and the 1Day, 5.3.3. stoch.

I don't know if this is in scope of your interest. If so, will be glad to hear your opinion on using stochs and if you think north  movement will continue.

Hope it is not too much off currency pairs.

Regards

Mike

--- 帖子 #1509 ---
not a channel just the last daily S for this run

The last one almost always hold-  if not we have a turn in the pair

TEB

--- 帖子 #1510 ---
I have not don't any trading but for 4X for awail but it should work

a chart is a chart

--- 帖子 #1511 ---
Hello TEB,

According to TEB1 is it right to wait for the E/U daily time frame to turn up (it is pointing down at the moment) before opening any long position right now?

What I mean exactly, is that it is still down (uncrossed now) but can cross showig "up" today and when it happens should I just wait for the 4h to cross up (I think this way it is ok) or already be pointing up or should I wait for the 1 day TF candle to close  with the stoch being crossed up?

Appreciate your opinion

Regards

Mike

--- 帖子 #1512 ---
Yes

I have done it both ways

but normally on the 1st big turn up I will take it when both turn up @ the same time .. if the 30 min confirms it

TEB

--- 帖子 #1513 ---
Thanks TEB

--- 帖子 #1514 ---
I think the market is about to turn or is turning

I see the cable will go 1st then the Euro!

TEB

--- 帖子 #1515 ---
Thanks for that teb...i will watch and see what happens.

Out of curiousity, when trading on the weekly, daily 4h format, do you find that sometimes the market swings against you because it takes much longer for the daily to make a run etc?

thanks.

--- 帖子 #1516 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Cable hour

TEB

--- 帖子 #1517 ---
Teb,

I have read all 100+ pages of the thread and am now foward testing what I thought is the teb2 strategy.  I really like the idea of using two charts and "KISS".  I am under the impression teb2 uses the 4hr chart and 30min chart with a 5,3,3 shochastic and a 14,3,3 schochastic on both charts.  Is this correct?  In your several of your previous posts you show 4hr and daily channels. Is this something new or did I miss something when I read the posts?  Is this teb2?  Has using the channels been more successful than schochastics or are you using them together as one strategy?

Not to change the subject, but looking thru the 4 hr charts for 7 major pairs, I get the feeling the pairs are undecided this morning.  In many cases the 5,3,3 sk and 14,3,3 sk are not in sync on the 4 hr charts.  Am I correct?

Thanks, for all your help and bringing this strategy to this board.

dbcmkx

--- 帖子 #1518 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Eur/Usd day

We got a battle & a line in the sand .. in fact two

will the line hold.. or break?

TEB

--- 帖子 #1519 ---
Yep!!

--- 帖子 #1520 ---
Hello and thank you for monitoring this thread,

what I will do is, wait for the 1D to cross upwards (hope it happens today) than look for the 4 h to cross up (I know it should be the 4h to looked for in the first place. Than I will trigger it the 30 min.

Hope it works.

regards

Mike

--- 帖子 #1521 ---
Attached is what I am seeing by using weekly trendlines. It seems that the EUR/USD has broken out of the channel. Might we see more USD strength?

--- 帖子 #1522 ---
Hey TEB, do you see that sweet pinbar/long tail on the 4h for the GBP in overbought territory? Might shoot down. EUR headed down also .

--- 帖子 #1523 ---
You know the Cable & Euro might be heading in diff directions!

But having said that I think the Euro is way to low

just my thoughts. I have not bought in yet

& I closed the cable when it broke the hour trend line;

TEB

--- 帖子 #1524 ---
Hey Teb63, great thread! keep up the good work.

I have to agree with you on the opposite direction thing. I am long EUR and short Cable. Now if I had any guts I would long EUR/GBP, ( as I see the end of wave 3 of C ) but that isn't going to happen

Anyway GL to all,

AZ

--- 帖子 #1525 ---
Hey Teb,

When you are taking final profit from the 14,3,3 on the 240, do you wait for a cross or simply the faster line to point in the opposite direction as your signal to get out?

For example, if you were long, would you wait for a cross or wait for the faster line to point down to exit?

Also, do you still take partial profits when the 14,3,3, on the 30 min chart crosses?

Cheers,

Steve

--- 帖子 #1526 ---
I was also wondering about what you said about channels etc. If price is in a down channel then i am assuming that you will only take short signals from the stochs, unless it is at the base of the channel and has plenty of room to travel back up?

If price broke north out of a downward channel, and the stochs on the 240 were crossed up then would you then look for a long entry on the 30?

--- 帖子 #1527 ---
Hi TEB,

still not entered EUR/USD (the crossed 1 day stochs are below the 20% line), I think that if the currnet situation that is a very slow move up/consolidation continues today, than midnight eastern European time (GMT +1) we shall have the 1 day stochs move over the 20% line. Then I will look for any cross up on the 4h chart as long as it does not take place above the 80% line, than just the 30 min trigger and plan on taking a long position. Is my thinking right, or do you see something that might go wrong with this pair?

Appreciate your opinion

Mike

--- 帖子 #1528 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Eur/Usd Day

TEB

--- 帖子 #1529 ---
Hey teb, look at the CHF, there seems to be a pin bar forming which might mean the CHF is heading back up. Usually the CHF and EUR are opposite so you think that the CHF will head back down?

thanks.

--- 帖子 #1530 ---
Hey Vder,

Not to stick my nose in but from what I know, this is usally an unreliable PB.

They some times work but probability is low. It's inside of the traffic area. A higher probability trade is when it has move outside of the area of other candles and it is standind alone. I would like for it to be valid, as I am short EUR but I would look for other indications of a turn.

I hope you didn't mind me repling to your post and GT to you.

AZ

--- 帖子 #1531 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Eur/Usd 4 Hour

TEB

--- 帖子 #1532 ---
I agree with you

--- 帖子 #1533 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Eur/Usd 4 hour

Red circle is area of strong R

1. A strong trend line

2. The 200 ema

If it breaks this area it might go for a run!

The next R is way way up

TEB

--- 帖子 #1534 ---
harold i just know that one of these days you are going to learn to use punctuation you know capitalization periods commas because if you don't we don't know where you start a sentence and stop a sentence you know what i mean i appreciate your work here but it may help others to know when one sentence stops you know and when another begins so maybe that could be something that you could work on do you think

--- 帖子 #1535 ---
looks like the Eur/Usd has to brake 1.3434

--- 帖子 #1536 ---
TEB you are not using the stochs anymore for confirmation?

--- 帖子 #1537 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Cable

I am up over 250 pips

I will Close at 1.995 it might take some time to get there

or if it closes below the line

but its pip + daily

TEB

--- 帖子 #1538 ---
yes once the lines are in order I use a tool

TEB

--- 帖子 #1539 ---
Teb

I am also curious to know how you trade these days - what tool are you referring to? TEB 1? TEB 2?

--- 帖子 #1540 ---
All Cables trades taken out!!!

Have a good weekend!

TEB

--- 帖子 #1541 ---
Teb,

Complimenti!  Man you are one super-steady earner!  We who follow you will soon or later get your system down pat.  Thanks and have a great weekend.

--- 帖子 #1542 ---
Hi Teb,

Great thread but I am a little confused as to what system and settings you are actually using at the moment.

Is there any chance of you doing a round up so to save people having to trawl through hundreds of threads to get their head around what settings you are actually trading with.

--- 帖子 #1543 ---
TEB1 modified-

I am using Trend lines alot!!

S/R on the hour, 4hour, day & week

& Channels on the 4 hours & days

TEB

--- 帖子 #1544 ---
Hi Guys

I will tell you what I am watching for.

1. the cable correcting for awail (down)

2. the Euro move higher

wait till the charts confirm!

but both are going higher long term

unless we have something change

TEB

--- 帖子 #1545 ---
TEB1 modified-

I am using Trend lines alot!!

S/R on the hour, 4hour, day & week

& Channels on the 4 hours & days

in fact I should say I am using the hour less & less

more for an out then an in

I have increased my SL & TP alot

this is partly because I am a lot busier

with personal & busness "stuff"

but also because it is working better

Also I have added the MACD (standard setting) to just see the cycles

esp. on the day & week... it is not a trigger or even for trend

just a general sence of where the the money is flowing -

& Watch for the big "D" which is very readable on the higher time frames of coarse

I am doing less day trading

I might do more day trading in the fall

I have had a # of people want me to do it for them

But I am not really sure that is what I want to get back into that ...

It is very nice now  I just look at charts 2 or 3 times a day & that is it.

& it is way earier to trade the charts that way

way lesssssss stressssssssssss!!

for a control freak like me it is hard to get my mind around it " less is more"

bye for now

TEB

--- 帖子 #1546 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Euro day

Maybe (?)

we have a small R @ 1.3608

& a Bigger R @ 1.3680

But I think it will take out 1.37

before Summers end

TEB

--- 帖子 #1547 ---
In regards to longer time-frame trading: I am with you here TEB!! I found this out about two months ago - now it's smooooooth sailing !!!   (I found me mojo!!)

Take care & good pips to you!

D.

--- 帖子 #1548 ---
ya...  I have always done it --

But I wanted the rush of the shorter time frames

for fun am I crazy??????

maybe I am getting older

but I fine I don't need the rush..

...just give me the money!!

TEB

--- 帖子 #1549 ---
the Cable & Pound crosses

Becareful with Blair stepping down

TEB

--- 帖子 #1550 ---
hey TEB, i notice that there are different colour trend lines on your charts. What are those for? Also, in that last chart, what determines that the EURO was going up? The break of that TL?

thanks.

--- 帖子 #1551 ---
1. The colour... just to show hour, 4 hour &  Daily, weekly

& strenght in thickness

2. your second Question yes it got over the day TL

TEB

--- 帖子 #1552 ---
TEB thanks for the quick response. Do you have any rules for TL breaks? For example, does price have to close above a TL for it to be valid?

thanks.

--- 帖子 #1553 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Eur/Usd one hour

we are in a tight 30 pip range till after the usd interst rate stuff tomorrow.

people might think about buying at the bottom?

selling at the top might be more risky?

TEB

--- 帖子 #1554 ---
cable up

--- 帖子 #1555 ---
Almost really to go in .......

I want to but....

see you guys later

Had way to much time today

TEB

--- 帖子 #1556 ---
Hi TEB, how come? The TEB1 doesn't show that.

Regards

Mike

--- 帖子 #1557 ---
I have a Secret weapon I have been using  that is amazing
& its not stochs
I called two trades over on Spuds site yesterday & today
with his GJ  - against the trend - Did I say I hate GJ

I think if people want I will call some trades before I release it
I want to fine tune it

It is based on weekly, Day & 4 hour times (sometimes hourly)

here are the trades I did on the Aus/Usd

as my main test
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Aus/usd 4 hour

TEB

--- 帖子 #1558 ---
I am buying the eur/usd now

it s week call I am looking for a small win

I thougt I would the cable 1st but

TEB

--- 帖子 #1559 ---
I certainly would like you to call some trades! that is awesome stuff TEB. thanks for keeping us posted.

--- 帖子 #1560 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Eur/Usd 4 hour

Which channel is going to break?

I think it will go to the up!!

TEB

--- 帖子 #1561 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

same thing on the hour

TEB

--- 帖子 #1562 ---
Sounds mysterious

By calling a trade do you mean releasing info when and what position to take?

One more thing, how do you suppose, is GJ to fall some more, and will it continiue rising with the info that in August BOJ is to rise interest?

Thanks for your council

Mike

--- 帖子 #1563 ---
I think the GJ may have fallen as much as it is going to now

-- a little either way

I have the hour & 4 hour turning the day can go iether way

& the week could fall alot but I don't think it will

TEB

TEB

--- 帖子 #1564 ---
Strange pair Eur/Chf

I bought at 1.6510

Stop loss at 1.6480

target 1.6645

TEB

--- 帖子 #1565 ---
Thank you

Mike

--- 帖子 #1566 ---
can't wait till I can begin seeing the opportunities you see TEB. I am so blind and only recognize moves after they happen. Keep buying in the wrong direction for some odd reason. oh well... take care.

--- 帖子 #1567 ---
teb

i just gotta say trendlines are one of the very few things that have worked for me besides my stochs system. they really are amazing and simple

u should check out wolfe waves  ull deff like em

--- 帖子 #1568 ---
This is from an email sent to me

you might like to read it

this guy normaly knows what he is speaking of

TEB

Hi there thom

NFA has been coming down pretty hard on the forex industry lately.  They have shut down 4 brokers so far this month, due to fraud and/or lack of funding, and they are just warming up.

As far as I know, and I may be wrong, but the names of the brokers that were shut down in June are the following:

FX Option Inc.

Spot FX Clearing Corporation

Trend Commodities Limited

United Global Markets

You can search them on google to find the website address.  Again, if I am wrong about any of these firms, I apologize.

I've been receiving information from some reliable sources, but it's not confirmed yet, but it seems like NFA will shut down any broker that has less than $5 million in funds.  I am not sure of the exact time frame, but it seems like in the next month or two.  That's not the real problem.  The real problem is that I believe some of these bucketshops are not well managed, and when the time comes that they have to go out of business and give all the money back to their clients, they may not have enough.  Or even if they do, it's entirely possible that some of their CEOs may run away with the funds offshore.  So I suggest that you check on your broker's financial capability by going to this link.
http://www.cftc.gov/files/tm/fcm/tmfcmdata0704.pdf

Don't get me wrong, I do believe that some serious firms that currently don't have enough funds could get enough funds to meet the requirements, but I do think that your safety of funds in some smaller firms could be under risk.

The rumor on the street that NFA will raise capital requirement to 9 million by end of this year, but it's still a rumor.  If that happens, I am sure we'll have most small forex brokers go out of business, and we'll probably only have 15 or 20 left, which I think is a good thing.

Anyway, check your broker through the link above, and if you feel you could be at risk, perhaps consider taking your money, before it's too late, and the avalanche starts.

I think this is a very important heads up, and I want to make sure that my subscribers like you are taken cared of before everyone else, so don't post this on any forums, until your own funds are secure...

Thanks

-Felix Homogratus (www.forexbastards.com)

--- 帖子 #1569 ---
I have put trades on the all buys

Usd/Jpn, & Eur/chf & cable

this morning

TEB

--- 帖子 #1570 ---
"I have a Secret weapon I have been using that is amazing
& its not stochs"

IS THIS YOUR SECRET/?????

"I have found they are Way way Way Way easier to trade Way way Way Way less noice.
& the trends are Way way Way Way easier to see.

If you do month, week & day you would almost never lose.
That is behond what I am doing .. but that is how the banks do it
& why they almost never lose.

I am finding the day charts great!!!"

--- 帖子 #1571 ---
No but it has helped!!!

TEB

--- 帖子 #1572 ---
Wopps

The cable trade was wrong

I read the chart wrong

in fact I read the wrong chart right.

sorry

The other 2 trades where good

Like I said I want to fine tune this system

but the cable was my mistake not the systems

Not to worried The cable I believe will be going up

just not right this second (LOL)

TEB

--- 帖子 #1573 ---
Hey TEB, I have the EUR hitting a daily TL and the underside of a broken TL. You think it will still head down? Stochs are cross at this moment as well. I have placed a sell stop below cuz if it goes down, it might open up the stochs for a good cross.

--- 帖子 #1574 ---
No its going up !!

TEB

--- 帖子 #1575 ---
hi TEB,

you are wright eur/usd go up but how did you see that befor it hapend?

every thing was down :surprised

--- 帖子 #1576 ---
the stochs are funny animals... in your graph. ( post 1576)

the 533 is now into the over sold area & the 1433 is in the over buy

so we have confusion

the over buy is the higher time frame ( in fact it acts as a higher time frame see back postings)

but it looks comfortable in that area in the 20- 80% zones the rules change need to know that

the over sold is moving fast so I think it will move right out again

but look what happen yesterday the USD didn't raise interest rates (IR)

& the Euro we have been told is going to

... so what should happen to the pair

It seems every time we see an IR move the market move the wrong way ....

& them about 24 hour the way it should.

also this is week end & month end

& everyone knows the Euro is way under where it should be

mostly because of summer light trading.

in the summer the pairs get pushed around a lot - even the euro.

Most of the big traders take the summer off.

a few use it to make as much as 40% of their yearly money - the rules are diff.

MUCH MUCH less money in play - you need to know that.

I still think we will be at 1.37 before Summers end

Personally I was buying eurs after the IR

that is also why i was not no concerrned about my cable trade

TEB

--- 帖子 #1577 ---
Tanks TEB,

for your explanation I found some thing wrong it looks diferant the one Posted by vder what sittings do you use for 5.3.3 and 14.3.3 as i use for both ( price field: low/high  MA method: Simple) is that what you use ?

regards

--- 帖子 #1578 ---
Not sure to your Question?

But the settings you use I also do.

The chart I quoited is not my chart but it looks right to me.(?)

What broker do you use?

TEB

--- 帖子 #1579 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Eur/Usd Day

Hay guys

Have a great weekend

Bye

TEB

--- 帖子 #1580 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

same just see it better

TEB

--- 帖子 #1581 ---
Teb,

It looks like you dropped the stoch's...

How are you trading now? Can you please explain?

Thanks,

B.

--- 帖子 #1582 ---
I use ACM as broker and FIBO group demo account to use MetaTrader 4 build206 as chart. but there is some thing different in my chart check the attachment with yours please specialy in curves

regard

--- 帖子 #1583 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here is what mine looks like

The demo's & the reals Accounts can be quite diff

I find the days also are often the most diff

it depends on then they close there day out!

TEB

--- 帖子 #1584 ---
Hi TEB,

thanks for your all effective recos.

Can we consider GJ to continue till 250 accoerding to you. I think it will, but you always know best.

Regards

Mike

--- 帖子 #1585 ---
Thanks for the explanation TEB. I guess when there is some confusion between the 5,3,3 and the 14,3,3  i should stay out of the trade. I have been playing around with using the Daily for direction and then use the 1hr for trades. I wont get as many trades using the 4hr & 30m, but it will get some nice movers.

I also use the following settings for my stochs:

5,3,3 & 14,3,3: Exp. MA and close/close.

Are these ok to use? Appreciate your feedback TEB.

By the way TEB. how often do you look at your charts and how do you tell when a trade is going against you?]

thanks

--- 帖子 #1586 ---
no you are okay

stay away from c/c

its a learning thing ...

MA should be simple as well

I am doing mostly day & 4 hour (with an eye on the week as well)

TEB

--- 帖子 #1587 ---
I will be honest with you I hate the G/J

I think it maybe to late to do to much right now anyways

have a great long weekend guys!!

TEB

--- 帖子 #1588 ---
thanks TEB.

Tell me, why use simple over exponential? The exponential i thought gave greater weight to more recent moves. Also, why stay away from close/close? I don't understand the stoch that well to know the difference. The reason that I use the close/close with the exp is that it gives nice stoch curves which can keep me out of some trades.

thanks again!

--- 帖子 #1589 ---
What is the Blue Moving Average (MA) parameter in your chart?

--- 帖子 #1590 ---
Simple & high/low settings - are the everyone else is using

you want to be in step with them.

at least till you get good!

TEB

--- 帖子 #1591 ---
green ma 5 smooth close

red ma 5 smooth open

black ma 200 sma closed

blue line is daily trend line not a ma

TEB

--- 帖子 #1592 ---
Hello TEB,

thanks for your opinion. I enetered GJ at 245,82, so I am positive at the moment. But I fear it might not be as sky rocketing as it did last time after the retracement.
Did you mean that this particular wave might not move up by a lot or do you mean that GJ is generally going to stop its hiking?

I am aware there might be an interest rate rise by BOJ in August and it might end the long GJ carry trades.

Like always will greatly appreciate your opinion and do you maybe follow ns_karthik's blog on GJ, UJ and EJ? He seems to know what he is talking about and looks reliable. Just thought you'd like to know. He posts his blog's address with his posts on Forex Factory here.

Regards

Mike

--- 帖子 #1593 ---
I think all three are still headed up.

But monday is a holiday so it will be slow or reverse to trend

I have trades on with the E/J & the U/J

I think the best is the U/J

TEB

--- 帖子 #1594 ---
friends, where I can find the indicators of teb and the relative pdf of explanation?

best regards

eagle

italy

--- 帖子 #1595 ---
I don't know him - do you have his blog

to be honest I really don't listen to very many people ... I likely should more
these are the only sites I have saves

http://news.efxnow.com/EN/Commentary/index.html
http://www.dailypfennig.com/

http://www.fxstreet.com/rates-charts/currencies-glance/sentiment-index/
http://www.actionforex.com/forex_analysis_and_forecasts/action_bias/action_bias_summary_200603225796/

The 1st 2 I read everyday
the other two I somestimes do- most times don't

I do of couse use FF for their calender of news events

TEB

--- 帖子 #1596 ---
I can find the indicators of teb and the relative pdf of explanation?

best regards

eagle

italy

--- 帖子 #1597 ---
Well that is a Funny thing

TEB1-  One Stoch setting 5.3.3 Simply- High/low

a. on the day&  hour & 30 mins chart

b.the 4hour & 30min

& you add a 50eMA (20sma) on the 30 min chart for pip room

TEB2 - @ stochs -5.3.3 & 14.3.3 ( same settings as above)f

a. 4 hour & 30 min

b. 30 min & 5 mins

hope that helps

TEB

--- 帖子 #1598 ---
Hi again, thanks for your opinion,

I also have open long trades on UJ where I went in at 122.97 and Eur/Chf, where I went in at 1.6510. and also EU, where I entered at 1.3516. Hope those 3 will also continue up. Am i right?

Regards

Mike

--- 帖子 #1599 ---
Teb, The Stock I Can Use Like Tendency To Opening Oo, Oo? Blue Over Buy, Red Over Sell?

--- 帖子 #1600 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Eur/Usd day

I really see the key more & more

are S/R & channels

we see here a day & a 4 hour channels

& a day trend line.

just look how the lines hold

you must understand this is what the really big boys use

someuse fibbs & P.points but the problem becomes which one you use?

everyone has the same H & L & so the same Channels & TL

if you read any of the daily stuff 99%

they are calling the came Channels & TL

TEB

--- 帖子 #1601 ---
I think there is one very important thing which tells us that EU should move up now. It is the almost 1:1 proportion of the last 3 retracement (look at chart).

What do you think TEB?

--- 帖子 #1602 ---
Sorry,

hope this time the chart loads

Mike

--- 帖子 #1603 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Euro/Usd Weekly

Good great

all arrows up

Candle formation

200ema

2 5Smooths ma

both Stochs

& day channel

I like it

The Macd looks great on the weekly as well
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

No "D"

TEB

--- 帖子 #1604 ---
Hey Guys

I just closed all my trades ( I love oanda)

There is talk there will be some big moves on Monday & Tesday.

opp. fridays moves (friday was period end.)

It is likely just talk -

But in the Summer the pairs are easy to push around.

I have too many pips (about 650) riding right now

so I am going to play it safe -

& watch on Monday & tuesday

I likely will go back in same trades in the early week.

I think the Japan crosses are most at risk

Again it is likely just talk.

The trends may well say in place.

& will come back either way

TEB

--- 帖子 #1605 ---
Hi TEB,

Please tell me which system you use now TEB1 or TEB2?

To be easy to follow you up,

Or you use a combined system,

Or a modified one.

Regards, tsidki.

--- 帖子 #1606 ---
eur/chf

TEB

--- 帖子 #1607 ---
I am looking at the U/J

not quite ready yet but close.

TEB

--- 帖子 #1608 ---
If you want to see the power of top down charts action watch this vedio
http://www.forexmentor.com/sampler/

I am personally not a big fan of P. Points (or fibbs other then 0%,50%,100%)

But the rest of the stuff is great

TEB

--- 帖子 #1609 ---
I Closed all trades with the Euro/Chf @1.6500

I had 4 trades going

with 4 wins for 8,18,28,38 pips each

a. With summer

b. USA holiday on Weds.

c. NFP on friday

I will be going for small wins this week

with little or no day carry overs

See you tomorrow

TEB

--- 帖子 #1610 ---
dang TEB nice. good call on the EUR. What did you use to determine that it was going up? Weekly, daily, 4h?

Also, what times do you trade? Do you trade the euro session? Euro session for me starts at 3am  so I barely get to trade it.

--- 帖子 #1611 ---
all three

I am closing these trades down now!!

I have the 4 hour way over bought!

I will think it will drop & head up again

TEB

--- 帖子 #1612 ---
U/J @ 122.14

Teb

--- 帖子 #1613 ---
Hi,

maybe it's a silly question, but do you mean UJ @ 122.14 up?

Regards

Mike

--- 帖子 #1614 ---
yes got to go

TEB

--- 帖子 #1615 ---
hey TEB, thanks for the response! Could you let me know what hours you trade? Euro session? When you do you find the best time to put in trades?

Oh and are you using the 5,3,3 only for the weekly, daily and 4h?

thanks.

--- 帖子 #1616 ---
Well I normally only trade every 4 hours now

EST 5,9,1,5,9,1 ( But 1 am & 9 pm not so much)

are we having fun today or what !!!!

I am up 16 & 18 pips on this U/JP trades

Its hit & run for me

- don't tell anyone But I am at the beach with my family & my wife is.......

....help

Bye guys

TEB

--- 帖子 #1617 ---
closed both open U/J trades For 19 & 21 pips

Again with the week as it is

I am not going to let trades run

TEB

--- 帖子 #1618 ---
I should say I only begin trades at these times now,

for the most part.

I do add to & close down trades at others times as need

esp. in the late Eur & the New york morning times.

BUT- this week I am keeping a very close eye on things

TEB

--- 帖子 #1619 ---
I think I am done for the day

& I really don't see a lot

I think everything has to reload.

But a small trade a took at 2.4407 on the GBP/CHF (up)

and I am watching to add big to it is

not quite ready to move in big - but almost ready to go.

on the 4 hour we missed best in

on the day chart it is setting up.

just on the big tail on the yesterday

& its placement in the up channel

& the 200ema on the week/day, 4 hour & hour

you might take it

& its carry so

..But at oanda its a 7 pip in

... a bit high for me

I will keep watching it I think its will be a good trade

.. likely tommorrow

I will wait to go in big for the 4 hour to reset up

or go in when the day says go

TEB

--- 帖子 #1620 ---
Forgot the chart (can you tell I am bored)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Gbp/Chf Day

Arrow are bull signs

a. 200ema- to price

b. price in an up channel & placement in the up channel

c. the big tail on the 2nd last candle

d. candle formation- last candle to the 2nd last one etc

to me it just looks ok. I think it is setting up

that is why I went in small

TEB

--- 帖子 #1621 ---
back to the Eur/Usd
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Eur/Usd 4 hours

looks like a great 4 hour channel (red lines)

up in a day channel (purple lines)

( black lines are the old 4 hour channel)

& it looks like it has bounce off the top of 4 hour

how low will it go? It is reloading

TEB

--- 帖子 #1622 ---
put trades on both the Euro (1.3618) & the cable (2.0163)  both up

Teb

--- 帖子 #1623 ---
nice TEB, you are all over the place!! sweet stuff man. keep it up. glad to hear you are chilling at the beach man. wish i was at the beach . I will hopefully be there soon! Does it look like the U/J is heading up again? I will try buying!

--- 帖子 #1624 ---
I am closing the GBP/CHf trade @ 2.4525 for about a 120pips

adding to my Euro/Usd trade (up)

TEB

--- 帖子 #1625 ---
I am watching both the Cable & esp. Usd/Chf (!)

TEB

--- 帖子 #1626 ---
I think it is still reloading.

The day chart says it is going to soon but I have it not turning yet

the 4 hour & hour both say its going side ways.

it has bounced off a very strong bottom of the 4 hour channel

so I would be looking to go long.

but it does have mild TL just over price- I wouuld likely wait for it to brake it

you could go long & put a stop 10 pips below the channel bottom

(see the blue arrow) I think you would likely be safe (as always becareful)

I see the Japan cross acting funny this week no real clear signs

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

UJ 4 hour

TEB

--- 帖子 #1627 ---
more @ Euro At 1.3603

See you guys in a bit

TEB

--- 帖子 #1628 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Eur/Usd 5 mins

for those who like to take short time frames trades!

you could take it now

or I would wait till both cross the 50% line.

(which is now on the live charts)

TEB

--- 帖子 #1629 ---
Man everyone is so quite out there!

is anyone out there?

TEB

--- 帖子 #1630 ---
Cable & esp. the euro

I like the candles & tails!!

TEB

--- 帖子 #1631 ---
up they go!!

TEB

--- 帖子 #1632 ---
Hi TEB,

I am here, almost all the time, although I have regular work, but I carry my notebook everywhere with me and am online as often as I can.

Seriously, I am trying to folow your way of thinking but for now I am not in postion to make decisions on entering a trade, without your info. I am trying to work on TEB one, but am making some mistakes, which you seem to avoid. Anyway I am already not loosing, even a bit positive...

Regards

Mike

--- 帖子 #1633 ---
Yes TEB1 week, day, 4 hours is great

I am doing something a little more complex

But the TL esp the channels are the key to 4X

but when you get it down there is lots of money!!

Also have you studied candles & tails? VI

TEB

--- 帖子 #1634 ---
Hi again, I am not sure what TL is?

I have only read and noted out what you said about candles, basicly the long tail on the turn of the stochs, I am aware I should learn at least general basics. I am able to draw simple channels (S/R). Now I think I need to combine the price bouncung of the channel wall simultaniously with a stoch turning - am i right?

Regards

Mike

--- 帖子 #1635 ---
http://www.tradingeducation.com/courses.asp

This is a great web on teaching

you only need the simple candles patterns

TEB

--- 帖子 #1636 ---
thanks a lot

Mike

--- 帖子 #1637 ---
You have it right

TL are trend lines

-S is support R is resistance

TEB

--- 帖子 #1638 ---
Hello Teb63 and All,

What an excellent THREAD...thankyou for sharing your trading knowledge and i look forward to absorbing and utilising this info,"Top Man.

After spending too much on this and that course it is very refreshing to see a true master at work(even on the beach).

Thanks Again Teb63

--- 帖子 #1639 ---
Is my stochs indicator showing different than yours on eur/usd? Because mine is showing strongly down.

http://img168.imageshack.us/img168/5675/multi4hrko9.jpg

--- 帖子 #1640 ---
Usd/Chf 1.2153 down

TEB

--- 帖子 #1641 ---
Hey guys I am done for the day

It was a good day

I just closed down 8 lots (a mix between Euro & cable )

for 137 pips for the day

I closed 4 lots over the morning for 25 each.

I have 5 lots still on

again a mix of the two for a pip count of a big 18 (LOL)

See you Tomorrow

TEB

--- 帖子 #1642 ---
[quote=masterpiecefx;1484449]Is my stochs indicator showing different than yours on eur/usd? Because mine is showing strongly down.

http://img168.imageshack.us/img168/5675/multi4hrko9.jpg

Can I say,I don't see it that way-

the 14.3.3 is still moving up

infact I would look to the 5.3.3 on the day

which is also in the 80% zone

so you would have to look to the 14.3.3 of the day which is clearly up

and both stoch on the month are up

to understand the 4 hour 14.3.3 you look up ...up...up

But the 14.3.3 is only moving down when it crosses

over the 80% line down

( or back from under the 20% in the opp. direct)

I think in this case I would read it as an up

again I would look to the day which I know is up

read the 14.3.3 1st as trend

then use the 5.3.3 as a trigger

you always need 3 things to go in to a trade that agree

3 stochs or 2 stochs & something else '

also see the top of the channel below it has become STRONG support

I would never sell here unless it breaks that S

(unless you go till it touches which is way more dangerous & less reward)

And it looks like to me it bounced off the Channel top already which is VERY bullish

What are the red lines on this chart Fibbs or P.Pionts?

either way they look like price bounced off them as well

they can act as S too ( I don't like PP or Fibbs very much.... just me)

What are your 2 MA's here?

That is how I would read it

TEB

--- 帖子 #1643 ---
Ok, I clearly see what you mean, it's just that in my mind seening stochs above 80 means overbought (concept coming from another system) so I guess I was reading them wrong. Thank you for your explanation, much appreciated.

The two ma's are 20sma and 200ema, the red lines are fib retracements. And yes, I can see the bounce off the top of the channel as strong support, my question was only about stochs, thank you.

Best regards.

--- 帖子 #1644 ---
cool- Its a top down vs. Bottom up thing.

One last thing, is there a reason you have the 70% & 30% lines on your charts?

What info are you wanting to get from it?

TEB

--- 帖子 #1645 ---
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=27107

I did a thread on how I see the right way to use Stochs

if you want to check it out

please, please post Question on this thread

not on that one

thanks

TEB

--- 帖子 #1646 ---
70 and 30 lines are there to help me visualize the turning area, sometimes stochs will be shy of 80 or 20 by just a few points and will turn, then it'll happen in the 80-70 zone or in 20-30 zone, it's just for visualizing, has nothing to do with the method

I will read your posts about using stochs tonight, have to leave now. Thank you for your answers.

Best regards.

--- 帖子 #1647 ---
a bit late ...likely still good

buy eur & cable

sell Usd/Chf

teb

--- 帖子 #1648 ---
I have been asked a few times if you can trade daily

sure get a good day channel (or 4 hour still) this is the key

use a lot of pairs - you will trade less & hold longer

use - month - week- & day charts

(might still keep an eye on the 4 hour)

you will need big SL & TP say 100 pips

but it is in fact easier to trade the higher time frame you do

use the channel for the SL (add 10 pips beyond)

& TP targets when you can

***One last thing find a brooker that close thier day

(books) at a time that works for you.

ie. if you live in N.Y. find one thar close thier books at 5pm est

you just have to have a time you can look at the same everyday!

When is not that important

-get one you trust!!!!!!!!! & size matters  you want NO dealing desk

... you can use one for signs (get a MT4)

& one you use as a bank, ie oanda!!

TEB
http://www.forexfactory.com/images/misc/progress.gif

--- 帖子 #1649 ---
Speaking of oanda I can not get on !!

I had 5  trades taken out last night all Cable at 2.0197 (hopefully)

I am jumping in & out with the cable

& letting the euro just run to 1.37 or beyond!!

that is all i have on ...

I do think the usd/Chf has to fall to be in line with the euro!!

Not much I can really do - so see you latter

TEB

--- 帖子 #1650 ---
http://www.trading-forex-online.com/...ck-Charts.html

more candle patters

I like this one

TEB

--- 帖子 #1651 ---
Hi TEB,

Please tell me which system you use now TEB1 or TEB2? And tell me a brief
For each one of them as now I'm confused!

To be easy to follow you up,

or you use a combined system,

or a modified one.

Regards, tsidki.

--- 帖子 #1652 ---
TEB

Do you have any positions on eur/usd?

--- 帖子 #1653 ---
yes 5 stort term

and a # of long term ones

TEB

--- 帖子 #1654 ---
good question TEB1 modified

but the big thing is I have moved from tool based

to channel based - I have stated this a few times

what I mean is 1st  I make sure the TL esp the channels line up

ie. Cable & Euro are in up channels on the day

& stronge up channels in the 4 hour channel

so I WILL ONLY ONLY ONLY go north.

if it breaks South then I might look at going south

but I have about 15 pairs so I only need to trade a few

I will look for a pair with day & 4 hour channels(weekly)

in line  this is also MTF trading

then I look for a reason to go with the channels

mostly tools & tails

I hope that helps

TEB

--- 帖子 #1655 ---
TEB

I think eur/usd is reloading but for a long term downside as it losing steem

what you think?

--- 帖子 #1656 ---
I think it depends on interest rates & what happens on thurs`

I think we will get to 1.37 before that

then we will see a correction.. will it be a change in direction?

likely not .... if the interst rates keep moving as they are

& the USA owes $100000000000000000000000000000000000 of dallors

and as more & more cental banks are moving away from Dollars mainly to the euro

& the Usa in in two wars -

and Gas keeps going up

but it is summer so anything can happen --

but come fall, we will see an up trend again.

That is my thoughts - I think we will see 1.4 by years end

as to the steam maybe- maybe not

remember it is summer

today is a holiday in the USA

we have interst rate stuff from England & euro on thrusday

& friday is NFP

I think the big guys are just keeping their powder dry for later in the week!!

TEB

--- 帖子 #1657 ---
TEB

Thanks for this clearings I also use TL for Month,Week,Day and 4H

--- 帖子 #1658 ---
TEB

But as you know in forex there is no money for the BIG BOYS if there is no

Big up & down moves I think now they are leading the market to believe in

The north side and they drop as they did befor in 2004 as for

1.37 could reach it but I dont think so it's risk to enter north now

--- 帖子 #1659 ---
I would not disagree with you- for the summer!!

I have paired down alot of my long term holding as well

TEB

--- 帖子 #1660 ---
you know there is a big diff. between now & 2004 - & that is the ECB & England's CB seem to be ok. with a high Euro & pound this time around. In fact the word on the street is ... it must happen but they want it in an orderally way .So I think they will get it. I think one surprise will be if we get a "one money"in North America ... other wise I think the USD will keep dropping long term.

- we will have ups & downs of course

TEB

--- 帖子 #1661 ---
cable up @ 2.0161

TEB

--- 帖子 #1662 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Eur/Usd Day

here is what i am looking at

but mostly on the 4 hour (some times onthe week month or hour)

the 2 stoch are 2nd to the two channels

red channel day

blue channel 4 hour

black line hour trend

EMA 200 black

That is all I have most of the time

I want it as simple as possible

but I think MTF channels are the most powerful thing in 4X

TEB

--- 帖子 #1663 ---
Euro/Usd Up 1.3610

Aud/Usd Up .8575

Eur/chf up 1.6560

Eur/Gpb  up 2.4540 ( less strong)

TEB

--- 帖子 #1664 ---
closing all Euro trades @ 1.3654

leaving cable trades on.

TEB

--- 帖子 #1665 ---
Hi TEB,

Nice call eur/usd will be risky and BOE I Think they will not raise now they Dont need this raise for now but all forcasts think they will raise.

--- 帖子 #1666 ---
boy if we didn't have a rate thing with the Euro

I would be all over the Eur/Chf!!!!!!

I think its going to go up  big !!

But I will sit untill after the rate stuff

TEB

--- 帖子 #1667 ---
intersting ... I have only 4 trades on - Tight SL

if I get a wave great if not I am out

Darn the E/C is taking off I thought about it at 1.6530

TEB

--- 帖子 #1668 ---
TEB,

Eur/chf up? I see it down

--- 帖子 #1669 ---
It is up 15 pips in the last hour ( big tail on the hour chart closed

& on the 4 hourchart not closed is why I looked to go in)

you know ALL Analysts Sentiment

are still long on the Euro & cable

The cable I understand - there is some talk of a 50 bp jump

but if we get no surprise on the Euro

... it will fall at least short term!?

I would think. ... So maybe we will have a surprise?

TEB

--- 帖子 #1670 ---
Cable Up !!

I bought 3 more lots

& closed it all at 2.0196

TEB

--- 帖子 #1671 ---
Came in at 2.0186. ou think it might go up from there?

Looks pretty high already...

Regrds

Mike

--- 帖子 #1672 ---
I will see you guys later ...

dogs need a walk

& market needs to settle down

I will see you after the Euro Rate thin'

TEB

--- 帖子 #1673 ---
TEB,

Goog call man it will take another 15 min to sattel down and in that time the euro Interest Rate Announcement will be out then we will see which way its going

--- 帖子 #1674 ---
I think it will in time.. I think you are alright

or bail when you can ... should be able to any time now

& not lose

But everyone will be watching the euro for now!!

so things will be slow

TEB

--- 帖子 #1675 ---
eur Interest Rate Announcement no change

--- 帖子 #1676 ---
I did bail out.

Thanks

Mike

--- 帖子 #1677 ---
Closing Aud/Usd @ .8596

I have only Eur/Chf on now for a small loss

TEB
http://www.forexfactory.com/images/misc/progress.gif

--- 帖子 #1678 ---
Usd/Jpy122.60

Gpb/jpy 247.45 (weaker)

I dont normaly take the weaker ones if I have a stronger one

Teb

--- 帖子 #1679 ---
TEB,

It's look like "Trichet" say somthing the eur/usd is droping

--- 帖子 #1680 ---
Trichet says not to over-interpret his phraseology, but doesnt mean their is intent to change expectations of a Sept/Oct rate hike, but most expectations had centered on a Sept. rate hike. 08:49TRICHET SAYS ALL GOVTS SHOULD AIM TO BALANCE BUDGET BY 201008:48TRICHET SAYS ACTING IN FIRM, TIMELY MANNER REMAINS WARRANTED08:47TRICHET SAYS IMPORTANT TO LOOK THROUGH SHORT-TERM PRICE CHANGE08:46Trichet Says ECB Monetary Policy Remains `Accommodative'08:45TRICHET SAYS M3 GROWTH STILL `RAPID'08:44TRICHET SAYS MONETARY ANALYSIS CONFIRMS UPSIDE PRICE RISKS08:43TRICHET SAYS FURTHER OIL-PRICE GAINS ALSO POSE INFLATION RISK08:42TRICHET SAYS INFLATION TO ACCELERATE AGAIN TOWARD YEAR-END08:41*TRICHET SAYS GROWTH RISKS ARE TO THE DOWNSIDE IN LONGER TERM08:40TRICHET SAYS INFLATION LIKELY TO FALL `SLIGHTLY' IN MTHS AHEAD08:39TRICHET SAYS ECB POLICY WILL ANCHOR PRICE EXPECTATIONS08:39TRICHET SAYS GLOBAL GROWTH REMAINS ROBUST, SUPPORTS EXPORTS08:38TRICHET SAYS INVESTMENT SHOULD REMAIN DYNAMIC08:37Trichet says ECB policy still on the accomodative side, says ECB will "monitor closely" all developments--the code words for a hike in two meetings time is "monitor very closely; so it sounds like he is not indicating any further rate hikes until Sept./Oct at the earliest, and this is somewhat later than markets had been expecting, which should soften the Euro's immediate upside potential08:36TRICHET SAYS ECONOMY MAY CONTINUE TO GROW AT SUSTAINED PACE08:35TRICHET SAYS ECB WILL `MONITOR CLOSELY' ALL DEVELOPMENTS08:34TRICHET SAYS ECB POLICY `STILL ON THE ACCOMMODATIVE SIDE"08:33Trichet is in the house

--- 帖子 #1681 ---
Eur/Chf is up

E/U drop - he didn't say the "magic words" everyone was looking

I think we could see a good run on the U/J

TEB

--- 帖子 #1682 ---
U/J We will hit R abound 122.90

if it blows through that its up up up & away

lets hope!!

TEB

--- 帖子 #1683 ---
closed Eur/Chf 1.6574

Teb

--- 帖子 #1684 ---
I closed down 4 lots (1/2) of my U/J at 123.00

& move SL to 122.75 on the rest

TEB

--- 帖子 #1685 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Eur/Usd 4 hour

well boys it looks like we have a new 4 channel

light blue one was the old one

dark blue is the new one

Red one is day

TEB

--- 帖子 #1686 ---
Now that you have shown it, I see it

Mike

--- 帖子 #1687 ---
So is this helping anyone?

Is anyone following & taking the signals?

Any feed back?

I think I am done for the day

but it was a great day !!

I have 2 lots still on the J/U.

Did anyone make any money ... any pips?

Is it helpful when I put the entery & exit points?

you saw what I made... Had did you guys do?

TEB

--- 帖子 #1688 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Cable 1 hour

The circle area is the old 4 hour channel bottom ( now "R")

it came up & tested but didn't break back in - it bounced - very bearish

I think it will break it & if it does I will go in.

likeky the 4 hour will closes inside ( big tail) we are going up !!

A lot of people will be selling right now & they might be right.

But - I like the day & 4 hour channels to agree!

& I am using less & less signals under 4 hours

TEB

--- 帖子 #1689 ---
TEB,

I got 85 pips on the Cable short. Thanks for the visuals. They've been helpful.

--- 帖子 #1690 ---
Cable Up 2.0112

TEB

--- 帖子 #1691 ---
Hi TEB,

Just joining the fun on your thread! Started reading from the beginning the other day. BOY ITS LONG. So, I skipped ahead starting yesterday. It's staying power may be a testimony to the value it has. Thanks for sharing your trading with all of us.

It seems that your trading has evolved since the beginning days. Will you please post a summary of how you are trading nowadays so I can better follow along? A couple of posts really got my attention...

You mentioned focussing more on channels and using indicators (Stoch) as a secondary thing. Also, are you looking more and more on the topdown analysis using the weekly, daily, 4hr charts?

(Hey, how do you post a chart?  Will someone be so kind as to tell me how to do that.  Thanks!)

--- 帖子 #1692 ---
Hi

Try posts 1658 & 1666

& the 1st few posts- 1,8,17,23,24.26 etc

as to change yes my goal was simpler simpler simpler

& I am doing that -

ie. I have dropped MA - but for the 200

& really use it apart from the system

if you have question

I will answer as I have time

right now the last two weeks

I have had a lot of time been fun

TEB

--- 帖子 #1693 ---
Just got back in

1. U/J SL taken out 122.75

2. Cable is back in the Channel !!!!!!!!!Up we go

3.. I have a buy signs on the Euro as well! At 1.3599

TEB

--- 帖子 #1694 ---
new signs all up

A/U .8556 weaker

EJ 1.6691

GJ 247.00

all new 4 hour channels

TEB

--- 帖子 #1695 ---
Is anyone following & taking the signals?

Any feed back?

TEB[/quote]

Thank you for sharing your Method Teb, I especially like your thoughts,  tips and tricks.

Your commentary is priceless!

Please don't stop.

Leigh.

--- 帖子 #1696 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Cable 15 mins

I have quite a bit on cable right now

4 trade of 2 lots up about a 100 pips in all

But Look at it walking the line!!

I love it ... what will it do?

TEB

--- 帖子 #1697 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Same as last just bigger

TEB

--- 帖子 #1698 ---
Hi Leigh & Hoss & Micheal O

Thanks for your feed back I was just wondering.

I have had a little more time then normal

in the last week or so - if it is helpful maybe I will keep doing it

maybe a little less after next week.

but if it is good for people I wil try

TEB

--- 帖子 #1699 ---
closed E/J @ 167.14

TEB

--- 帖子 #1700 ---
Hi TEB,

I feel honoured, that you mention my feedback, as I probalby only rise questions.

If you find time to do what you have recently been doing, believe me, I will not mind it. Actually today I was thinking how long you are going to give your trades.... I thought..."well this guy will not do it forever, it's time to become more independent, but without his aid it seems tough..." - really, thats what was going through my head today.

Regards

Mike

--- 帖子 #1701 ---
I think the Cable is out of possition way to low!!

@2.0114

TEB

--- 帖子 #1702 ---
Hi TEB and all!

It is great that I stumbled upon this thread since recently discovering the beauty of MTF and channels on larger time frames. It looks like we all see the value of this, which is why we are all here.

The thing is that I don't have a very clear way of viewing things and that's why, TEB, we appreciate what you're doing. I have a suggestion / request to throw at you that would benefit all of us...

(IF IT ISN'T TOO IMPOSING ON YOU, TEB...   )

Would you consider getting on skype (conference call) while we use this FF forum to post charts to discuss? I'm sure members following this thread will work around your schedule and availability. That is, while you have "extra time". After we've had time to pick your brain efficiently (using skype and this forum), we'll all have a better grasp of things and might better add to the dialogue on this thread.

How does this sound to you TEB? And the rest of those following this thread?

Regards.

--- 帖子 #1703 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

cable 4 hour

line in the sand

will it bounce or brake!

TEB

--- 帖子 #1704 ---
I have been day trading again the last 2 weeks.

& its good...but I have been moving away from it-

I want to do more 4 hour (day & week)

It has been fun for the last little wail

but I want more time to do other things

So most of the time I trade 5, 9,1,5,9 1 (1 am & 9pm not so much)

Not sure how that would work out

TEB

--- 帖子 #1705 ---
Well, it was worth a try to ask you to be involved with a skype chat room.

(The request hasn't been abandoned. It is an open request awaiting your availability. I, for one, will arrange my schedule to see how you analyze and set up your trades. Just name the bat time/place.) :0)

Hopefully you will be sharing your weekly/daily/4hr trading thoughts. Many posts ago you mentioned a "secret weapon".  Did you reveal it already?

-9volt

--- 帖子 #1706 ---
Euro  buy 1.3594

Cable buy 2.0115

TEB

--- 帖子 #1707 ---
all cable trades closed TP @ 2.0125 in night

TEB

--- 帖子 #1708 ---
TEB: and you are not using MultiTimeFrame strategy anymore ?

from first Page of this thread i mean

--- 帖子 #1709 ---
Yes of coarse

But I am using MTF channels as the main thing

& a tool ( stochs after)

TEB

--- 帖子 #1710 ---
I think I missed your point ..

the reason I put a tight TP was because of the NFP today

I didn't want to much in the pot so to speak.

I see that the tools all say we are going up

but I thought NFP would take the pairs down

I wanted to make some money & be able to get back in if I wanted

TEB

--- 帖子 #1711 ---
yep i grasp it.

--- 帖子 #1712 ---
I am buying Cables at 2.0060

target 2.0125

NFP is always nuts so be careful!!

TEB

--- 帖子 #1713 ---
Do you think Cable will go up now?

the 4h has turned up, but 30 min and 4h don't look so promissing. I entered cable 2.0080 and would like to wait, what do you think?

Regards

Mike

--- 帖子 #1714 ---
Hasn’t the 4 hour trend channel been broken to the downside? What makes you think that it won’t continue to the downside from here?

Thanks.

oo7_ts

--- 帖子 #1715 ---
some question:

why you buying CABLE when ..based upon patterns, channels there is little downtrend ?

is not better wait till price move up. (based on stoch overbought) and also price upper channel and then SELL ?

i think wait till it move up to 2.0125 and then Sell

--- 帖子 #1716 ---
To one and all

With NFP throw out the stochs & even the 4 hour channel out the window.

This is where the big boys steal everyones money

in the USA people have beer parties in hotels & "bet" on this.

it is wild.

But in the end of the day it changes nothing

90% everything is back to the same Monday or before.

I think the cable & the Euro will keep moving up to 1.37 & even 1.4

& this is just a buying chance.

The reason I took 2.0125 is it was the  bottom of the 4 hour channel

I think it will brake it... but at the very least it will test it

But I could be wronge!!

TEB

--- 帖子 #1717 ---
Just had all my Euro trades from yesterday

taken out At 1.3630

TEB

--- 帖子 #1718 ---
Amazing!!! I have seen now a best logical forcast within short time, well done TEB63.

--- 帖子 #1719 ---
There goes all my Cable Trades

I think it will keep going up but I don't need to be greedy

I am done for the week !!!

I was very very luck this week I got every trade- right!!

That is the power of the trend & channels

BUT its not like that every week

any questions I will be back in 15 mins

other wise have a great week

TEB

--- 帖子 #1720 ---
Hey Teb,

I read the thread last night and drew all my trendlines and channels where i could today. When i saw cable didn't break the 4hr , i got in about the same time at you at 63. Did the same on the EURO and closed both for a load more pips than i'm used too.

Thanks for the thread and its evolution, i'm using stochs now and will see how it goes, thanks.

--- 帖子 #1721 ---
congrads

teb

--- 帖子 #1722 ---
Hi TEB,

I am also good this week on 11 trades I took, 9 were profitable, one break/even and one loss.

Thank you TEB

Mike

--- 帖子 #1723 ---
yeah i see  good work. you can sleep well thru weeekend..

--- 帖子 #1724 ---
Congrads to all who made profits, and thanks TEB for sharing your knowledge.  What seems to confuse me is the way the channels are drawn. I always used to think that in an uptrend, you put a line through two higher lows as your base and put a parallel to it on the highest high (opposite for the downtrend), but from the screens posted on this thread I've seen all sorts of ways. So, this brings me to a conclusion that I don't quite understand the theory of channel drawing. Could anyone post an explanation or a link where there is a clear and precise explanation on how to draw channels correctly? Thank you.

--- 帖子 #1725 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Cable 4 hour

Sure

arrows are touches

yellow area is where we have a good channel formed

in an uptrend
the bottom of the channel is the important line

if it breaks you want out

if the top breaks its proffits

so you want at least 3 touchs on it - tails or bodies

and atleast 2 on the top (3 are better of coarse)

in a down trend the opp. is true

TEB

--- 帖子 #1726 ---
I have alway done top down I believe it is by far the best.

I always begin at - atleast with the week - I will go to the month if I need to.

pro trade have what they call the "4" And like 90% use it

in stoch, bonds , grains, gold - you name it & it is the standard

& it works the best in 4X for sure because 4X is the best trending of them all

simpley put it is -

the week, the day, the 4 hour, the hour.'

It is what is tought on wall street as the "right way to trade"

other stuff is added but it is the base!

and once you understand it it make trading very doable

TEB
http://www.forexfactory.com/images/misc/progress.gif

--- 帖子 #1727 ---
Attached File(s)   Trading with Channels.doc

151 KB
|
979 downloads

great teaching on channels

TEB

--- 帖子 #1728 ---
Thank you Teb, you're great help.

--- 帖子 #1729 ---
hey teb...i keep missing those nice moves, I guess i need to be awake during the euro session. Tell me, how do you determine if something is ranging and therefore don't trade.

take care.

--- 帖子 #1730 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Usd/Mex 4 hours

All the best trades all say the way to trade is find a good set up

- simple is better

& one trigger

it's more about money mamagement .

where we see it

1. the set up

price down

in both the day & 4 hour channel (top two arrows)

2. trigger (bottom two arrows)

a. 533 stoch turning down

b. big tail

c. or candle formations

TEB

--- 帖子 #1731 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Usd/Mex Day

The day view of the chart to see day channel

arrows are touchs

TEB

--- 帖子 #1732 ---
1. the ranging thing.

truth is I really don't care. if I have both channels going the same way

let it range- I will jump into a ranging market when the trigger gives me the okay

SL 10 pips beyond the wrong side of the channel

...ie the botton in an up channel-

70-90% of the time a ranging market still goes with the prevaling trend.

2.what are the hours you are trading? Asian hours are great just quiter

you want to be going when London & New York are open they are the big player

esp. London of coarse

TEB

--- 帖子 #1733 ---
Hi TEB,  thank you for sharing your wisdom and knowledge of your MTF channel/trend method.

Regards to channel drawing, I've been very pleased with SHI channel indicator.  And I was wondering if some one can modify the program so that it can be used as MTF, just like what IVY has done with his MTF Stochastic indicator.

It could save us so much time if we can have MTF channels (Weekly, Daily, 4H & 1H) drawn automatically with this indicator.

TIA,

Andy Lee

--- 帖子 #1734 ---
I think

1. cable has upside!

2. Usd/Jpy has upside

TEB

--- 帖子 #1735 ---
Hi Teb, I am new to this thread... I find your original Stoch  multiple time frame aproach a solid one and a winner indeed... I have some specific questions I would aprecciate if you can clarify me please...

On the begining of this thread you use a 30 min chart where you plot two lines on the chart, one from the daily chart (thick line) and another from the 4 hour chart (thiner line)... my question here is this : do you plot this line when the (for example)  4 hour bar starts and is crossing the stoch signal OR do you plot this line when the 4 hour bar finished and confirmed that crossing at the end of this bar...   I know its posible during the life of a bar to change that crossing status at the end of the bar (4 hour).... obviously you can still take that real time information during the life of that bar and still be good...  hope you understand my question...

in brief : do you mark the lines on your chart at the begining or end of the crossing bar...  thanks for you excellent work¡¡  cheers Walter.

--- 帖子 #1736 ---
Here You go. #MTF_shi_channel_1.mq4

I have just downloaded this ang AutoCh HL-V1.mq4 and will try it this week.

Here are some more indicators also that I found.

Good Luck.

Leigh.

--- 帖子 #1737 ---
Simply Awesome!!    Looks exactly what I envisoned.

Thanks.

Andy

--- 帖子 #1738 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Usd/Jpy 4 hour

if it brakes these 3 arrows look out

I think it may reload for awail or it might just takeoff

we might have a 1-2-3 set up or we might have a triple top.

either way we should have some movement

check out this ebook on 1-2-3 set-ups
http://www.startingforex.com/forex/e...e123system.pdf

TEB

--- 帖子 #1739 ---
Hi Teb, sounds like you dropped the MTF stochs method... I just wondered what was your criteria in plotting this lines (thick and thin ) for the daily and 4 hour on a 30 min chart... was it when this bars start or when they finish (confirmed)...  thanks in advance, Walter.

--- 帖子 #1740 ---
No I use the tools once I have the channels in place

TEB

--- 帖子 #1741 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Usd/Jpy hour

will it brake the 4 hour/1 hour channel

if it close above

I will buy in

TEB

--- 帖子 #1742 ---
Eur/Usd limit order @ 1.3600

TEB

--- 帖子 #1743 ---
Usd/Jpy up @ 123.46

Has to break 123.54!

if it does it will go for a run!!

if not carry trade  LOL!?

TEB

--- 帖子 #1744 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Usd/Jpy 4 hour

will it break R @ 123.54-55?!

TEB

--- 帖子 #1745 ---
It's broken above, and I've set a buy stop @ 123.68, as it has retraced slightly and now I feel it will take off if price hits that level.

--- 帖子 #1746 ---
sell Eur/Gpb @ 0.6775

TP@ .6765

TEB

--- 帖子 #1747 ---
Why?

TEB

(I am going to bed bye till morning)

--- 帖子 #1748 ---
Eur/Gbp TP @ 0.6765

Usd/Jpy TP @123.65

Usd/Jpy New order buy @ 123.30

TEB

--- 帖子 #1749 ---
Closing cable @ 2.0150

TEB

--- 帖子 #1750 ---
Take a look at price now--still wondering? :-)

Because of previous R at 123.54, 123.73, and 124.12. If it can break through the most recent (123.54) and prove itself for at least a few pips after a retracement, then it will likely have no problem plowing through 123.73, and will hit some R around the 124 level. (none of which it has done so far, so I do not have an open position as of now)  On a strong move down I will consider short.

--- 帖子 #1751 ---
Hi Teb.

Wondering if you might do me a favor?

I would like for you to draw your trend lines on GBP/JPY chart and maybe make some comments on the points that you use to draw them. Drawing the lines still confuses me. I am wondering if the price is below the trend line now or if it’s still within the channel. Looking at the stochs, we could be taking a turn to the downside anytime soon.

If you have time..
Thanks.

oo7_ts

--- 帖子 #1752 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Gpb/Jpn 4 hour

one of the reasons I don't like this pair is .. it doesn't give good lines

TEB

--- 帖子 #1753 ---
Hello TEB, wow, 4 hours of sleep last night, how do you manage?

Thanks for being here.

One question: the JPY are in an uptrend, no doubt, do you think it is sensible for me to open a few small (cumulatively larger) positions on the JPYs as the swap point are positive with them and it would give me some securiy just holding them waiting for them to move up and collect the swap money.

But...the question is, are the JPYs going to continue their ride say in a month time and what should I specifically look at to catch moment of possible turning down?

Regards

Mike

--- 帖子 #1754 ---
You know the big "D" is beginning to form on some the Jpy crosses on the 4 hour charts ...

& the U/J looks stuch @ 123.42-43 I might be careful

I have some trades open & I am watching very carefully

I think I will take them out @ 123.67

TEB

--- 帖子 #1755 ---
Thanks TEB, will close it there too

Regards

Mike

--- 帖子 #1756 ---
eur/chf Buy @ 1.6575

TEB

--- 帖子 #1757 ---
what is the stoploss and target if any.

--- 帖子 #1758 ---
Need to work that out for your self - mine are

SL 1.6560 ( below the the 4 hour bottom channel)

TP 1.6598 My 1st target

TEB

--- 帖子 #1759 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

4 hour Eur/Chf

TEB

--- 帖子 #1760 ---
Hi

Teb what you think about this 4H Channel

should we wait in M30 TF till stoch will be overbought and then start sell ?

--- 帖子 #1761 ---
hi, teb, it seems that you forget your system. Always trend lines, channel etc. What about your system? Would you like to show some samples to how to use your system. Your last long u/j is not based on your system, I think.

--- 帖子 #1762 ---
Hey teb, with regards to this trade, the stochs on the 4h are still pointing down. is it a trendline bounce you are playing? Would like to know the justification behind this trade.

take care.

--- 帖子 #1763 ---
As long as there are two higher lows formed, we can draw and upwards channel, imho (this is regarding posts 1763 and 1764).

PS. sorry, don't know why i wrote it, these are two different pairs and i thought we're stalking of swissy only

--- 帖子 #1764 ---
Justificy?:  I LIKE strong words@

I have made a change from stochs as my main tool to Channels!!!

having said that - The day hour & 30 & 15 & 5 mins stochs were all good to go.

also tails & candles formations good to go.

but most important  the day & 4 hour channels good to go

in a very good position in the 4 hour channel & the day channel

ie. the Usd/Jpy was not as good in either channel.

also both these two are carry trade so... not much risk

I hope that helps

very slow day!!

TEB

--- 帖子 #1765 ---
I wouldn't do anything with the swissy right now

I see no clear signs in any system I use

But when or if I did go in - it would be down

TEB

--- 帖子 #1766 ---
heh ok i will wait for signal entry

--- 帖子 #1767 ---
The problem with the market today

is the Euro/Usd the big dog!!

it is just dead in on its chain!!its because of high level meeting going on,

Until it moves little is going to really happen.

& when it moves it will effect every pair!

TEB

--- 帖子 #1768 ---
1st target on the U/J is changed to 123.64

TEB

--- 帖子 #1769 ---
so how did every one do today?

I got little other then what I set up last night!

Teb

--- 帖子 #1770 ---
Hi TEB,

EUR/USD

It's usualy calm  before the storm and I think it will be a big one but in which way it gona blow to the north or to the south in y opinion it Will blow to the south as its loosin steem

Regards tsidki

--- 帖子 #1771 ---
HI every1.

Sorry for the interruption. I would like to know which post is the lastest n updated strategy for this system? Thanks

--- 帖子 #1772 ---
Hi guys, just come accross this thread, how do you put a 4hr stochastic on a 30m chart?

Thanks

Dave

--- 帖子 #1773 ---
Hi TEB,

I am in 3 trades, 2 UJ and one EC, am waiting for your first target on UJ to close both and am waiting with TP @ 1.6592 with EC. Thats all I did today.

Regards

Mike

--- 帖子 #1774 ---
Usd/Cad sell @1.0497 tight stop!!!

TP 1.0450

TEB

--- 帖子 #1775 ---
Hey teb, I see the CAD trade forming on 1hr stoch crosses.

--- 帖子 #1776 ---
Hi TEB.  I just started this thread.  After the first couple of pages of posts I wrote an EA based on TEB1 (Daily, 4H, 30M; Stoch(5,3,3) on all 3, enter on Stoch(5,3,3) agreement on all.  exit on daily Stoch(5,3,3).  Worked out great on GBP/USD.  But that was the only pair it worked on.  Exiting either of the other 2 timeframes, didn't work out.  Didn't do the ema and sma.  Wasn't sure if they were for entry or exit.

Now I see TEB2, and on the above settings (4H and 30M and 5M) all have the 2 Stochs above.  So when all 6 are in alignment you enter a trade?  What is the exit signal?

Thanks in advance!

--- 帖子 #1777 ---
I have a crazy day today & the rest of the week

I Will be holding the trades I have & may add - I like the trends

I will do something with the Cad today  .. interst rate stuff & all.

I did Closed eur at 1.3650 was basically all I got from yesterday 53pips

I will try to get to questions later in the week

TEB

--- 帖子 #1778 ---
Closed Cad @ 1.0480 14 pips

talk of dovish statement with inerest rate increase

TEB

--- 帖子 #1779 ---
U/J buy @ 1.2250

Again @ 1.2220

again 1.2190

TEB

--- 帖子 #1780 ---
Hi TEB,

I have opened a demo account with Oanda and think it is too good to be true. I am using my brokers real account and Oanda is 10 times better.

Now the question is does Oanda take the spread at the moment of me making a trade? Because I cannot see them taking any spread, as if I had no costs with openning a position? Please clarify.

Regards

Mike

--- 帖子 #1781 ---
Oanda doesn’t charge a commission, so you can't actually see any charges on the statements. But, if you look on the price column on the left side of the platform you will see the sell price and the buy price, the deference is your spread.

Example: If you were to open and close an order without the price moving, you would buy at 1.3600 and sell at 1.35988. It would have cost you 1.2 pips(the spread) for the transaction.

Cheers

oo7_ts

--- 帖子 #1782 ---
omg.....EUR and GBP opened up a can of whoop ass on the USD. I was asleep. I knew the announcement for the GBP was coming but I was too tired to stay up. worse yet i set my alarm to wake up at 4 am and i just plowed through that alarm. man...i really need to adjust my sleeping hours. thanks again for this nice system TEB. the daily with the 1hr crosses looked perfect on my chart.

--- 帖子 #1783 ---
. early bird gets the worm. *cries*

--- 帖子 #1784 ---
Thank you for clarification.

Regards

Mike

--- 帖子 #1785 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

U/J 4 hour

Circles area of R.

the 30min stoch is pointing up as is the day

the 4 hour is over sold!& is about to turn I believe

big tails every where

unless carry trade is over

we are going to have a big move back up!!

I moved my target to 123.47 as it has hit that two times

Carry trade go!!

TEB

--- 帖子 #1786 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Uj 30 mins

--- 帖子 #1787 ---
good stuff!!

TEB

--- 帖子 #1788 ---
I hope you had a plan B TEB.

G-Man

--- 帖子 #1789 ---
of coarse !!!

TEB

--- 帖子 #1790 ---
He's alive He's alive

Carries not dead I hear a heart beat!!

(now the fun starts!!

been kind of a boaring week )

This is kind of really good time for me

I am in meetings the next two days

& next week I am on vacation!!!

the only question that remains is how fast ?

will it break or bounce 1st time into the channel?

TEB

--- 帖子 #1791 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I like this ( yellow area) the power of trend lines!!

U/J day

TEB

--- 帖子 #1792 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

U/J day

What an amazing chart!!

TEB

--- 帖子 #1793 ---
Hi Guys

I will be gone all day

But on the U/J we have a 2nd test of the day channel

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

U/J 15 mins

TEB

--- 帖子 #1794 ---
Can someone point me to the post that says what Channels TEB is using?

--- 帖子 #1795 ---
I'm sure its close to this.

Jim

--- 帖子 #1796 ---
Hi TEB,

do you think the UJ and GJ might continue up, from my point of view hey shoul, exempting tomorrow Fukui's statement.

Regards

Mike

--- 帖子 #1797 ---
Hey teb..nice pin bar coming up. You think its heading back down?

--- 帖子 #1798 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

CAD 4 hour

TEB

--- 帖子 #1799 ---
I am using day & 4 hour Channels

& 1 hour trend lines ( Some times weekly)

I like to draw them my self so I see what is going on

TEB

--- 帖子 #1800 ---
hey TEB...just took at look at the EURGBP and it looks pretty decent and might be back up. what u think?

--- 帖子 #1801 ---
Hi,

I was wondering if you are only going along with TEB2 system and haw are you doing with it?

Regards

Mike

--- 帖子 #1802 ---
Any nice trade today?

--- 帖子 #1803 ---
Hey mike o.,

currently I am testing out a hybrid TEB2 using the daily and 1hr and I am entering on the  daily & 1hr 5,3,3 crosses. I will also look for the 14,3,3 for confirmation because when they both line up that can be nice!

I have found that when the 5,3,3 and the 14,3,3 line up you potentially can get some big moves so I use the 14,3,3 as sort of an extra confirmation at times and also I am testing it as an indicator for staying in a trade or not. For example, if I take a trade, I will watch the 14,3,3 blue line (slow stoch) to see if that heads into an overbought or oversold area. when it starts to leave that area, I might get out of a trade. this is something I believe TEB said you can try and I think spudfyre mentions it. however, I am just testing that exit technique.

My results right now are win some lose some. I am trying to get to know the system better and to only take the best setups. My problem is sometimes I do not know when the trade is going against me and thus I stay in too long and get burnt. The system has provided some excellent trades though so I am trying to just stick with it because I can see that it has very good potential. To me I think forex is all about choosing a system that you can relate too and try and learn everything about that system. its strengths and weaknesses. The better I get at knowing a system and cutting my losses, the better my results will be. I really like this system. it is so simple to use and makes so much sense to me. let me know how it is going with you mike o. take care!

--- 帖子 #1804 ---
Cad closed @ 1.0466

TEB

--- 帖子 #1805 ---
hey TEB, why u close that CAD trade? It might still go down some more!

--- 帖子 #1806 ---
It might & likely will in time

but I think its way over sold on the 4 hour chart!!

I want to lock in -

greed can be a killer

TEB

--- 帖子 #1807 ---
ok nice....for me I am testing a few new strategies using this system. I am watching the 14,3,3 slow curve to see when to get out and that is still pointing down. I am also watching the daily candles/stochs so I will look for a signal there.

I am testing out a 4hr one bar trailing stop. Its manual and I update the stop every 4hrs or so. when one candle finishes, I move the stop a few pips above or below depending on my position. I aint trying to be greedy, just trying to ride the wave and see where it takes me. take care!

--- 帖子 #1808 ---
On the daily chart cad went oversold on 4/9 or so, and stayed in oversold territory for an entire month -- and during this period fell another 450 pips. Then it took a brief turn up over 20 and shot right back down into "oversold" for an entire month again, until 6/9 or so, to the tune of anoter 500 pips.  That's why stochs (on a single TF especially) are pretty useless during a trending market. Better for ranging, when the oscillator can do what it does best--oscillate. :-D

--- 帖子 #1809 ---
Closing Eur/Chf @ 1.6582

-14 lots( diff buy ins) for 172 pips

I have a # of lots on the U/J up a little

may bail as I am away alot the next few days

other then some E/U & & G/U long ternm holdings  I don't have anything else

TEB

--- 帖子 #1810 ---
I will likely get back in again.

but I am away tommorrow & most of next week

so I am playing it a like careful

TEB

--- 帖子 #1811 ---
Nothing wrong with being careful!

--- 帖子 #1812 ---
Moving TP on the U/J from 123.47 to 122.97

& closed down some of higher lots.

see you guys later

TEB

--- 帖子 #1813 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

U/J hour

A bit confusing

day is the Red channel- it is up

4 hour is the blue channel - it is down

hour is black channel - it is up

Target top of the 4 hour chart

TEB

--- 帖子 #1814 ---
Hey Teb,

I'm back. I've got my TL drawn and ready to go!

Are you looking for a usd/jpy move up to the top of the 4hr channel?

Can you please post what you see happening on the pairs you trade so I can see if I'm on the same page?

Thanks buddy!

Bagovino

--- 帖子 #1815 ---
Hi Bago

This is not an ideal thing at all

I am in the trade now or I would not get in....

don't use this one as how to do it.

I would only get in if the day & 4 hour are going the same way

which they ain't here.

you want to be near the bottom of the two as well

or at least the 4 hour.

I am closing down trades right now - vacation and all

So I am looking for a real safe exit point.

Think it might well go behond that

but I don't want to worry about it when I am away

TEB

--- 帖子 #1816 ---
looks like the Eur/Chf is going to take out my 1st target at 1.6598

DARN!!! normally I would have waited.

TEB

--- 帖子 #1817 ---
I am just watching for the Euro/GBP to drop.

not yet

its at a big point the top of both the 4 hour & day channel!!

bust or bounce?

Eur/Chf is testing the top (now S) of the old 1 hour channel

it hasn'y broken it !

TEB

--- 帖子 #1818 ---
Teb,

Can you post a chart of your eur/gbp. I dont see the same thing.

Thanks!

B

--- 帖子 #1819 ---
please show me what you see

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Euro/GBP 4 hour

TEB

--- 帖子 #1820 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Euro/GBP 4 hour

Becareful it is friday

TEB

--- 帖子 #1821 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

EUR/CAD 4 hour

Buy @ 1.4420

TEB

--- 帖子 #1822 ---
Concerning these channels, how do we draw them from diffrent time frames on the same chart?  Is this a certain indicator?  I looked through the thread but couldn't find a posting of it.  Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1823 ---
Good eye, Tebs. I pulled 40 pips out of that one.

--- 帖子 #1824 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

U/J one hour

black  is the 1 hour channel

blue is the 4 hour channel

red is the day channel

red line at 00-01 a very strong natural (00 R/S)

it looks like this guy wants to go up

but it is friday late

I buoght @ 121.98

TEB

--- 帖子 #1825 ---
On the Eur/Cad  I had a TP at 1.4470

& I just closed E/G @ .6775

short term all I have is U/J

TEB

--- 帖子 #1826 ---
Tebs,

I think we need a trend line drawing lesson from the top down. Please inform.

Thanks,

B.

--- 帖子 #1827 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

U/J 4 hour

Black line hour channels

red line day channels

blue line 4 hour channels (2 of them 4 hour)

black line 00 natural support

yellow circle area of great Support

we see the day, hour & 4 hour channels (1 of the 2) & 00 natural S/R

And it seems to be holding the line. strongly!

I think this yellow area may well hold .

I don't think Carry trade will die so easy

BUT if it doesn't hold - we may well see a free fall!!!!!

The problem I have with this chart is

I see 2 very clear 4 hour channels! (blue channels)

my new rules are to only trade with the 4 hour & day channels

& I am not sure I am doing that right now.

- because I do not know which 4 hour channel is right

also both stochs are going South so the "big M" is clear

and last- this Monday is a Holiday in Japan & its summer of coarse.

So I really don't know what is going to happen?!

I made a mistake - I started trading this set of trades using Stochs & channels

& changed over to using basically just channels.

The old saying Stay with one System in a trade!!!

anyways I am closing down all U/J trade for a good size lose

I will be possitive for the week but it still hurt bad

I will be on Vacation next week

& when I come back I will be trading with channels.

TEB

--- 帖子 #1828 ---
I ,agree with this comment on this thread. Dailey,4hr, 1hr,15m....more later

--- 帖子 #1829 ---
So, no more stochs ?

If you're using channels only, what serves you as the trigger for entries? You wait until the price gets to the top/bottom of the channel, forms candlestick formation and then you take it from there?

What if the price is in the middle of the channles? Will you take such a trade? And what will you base your entry on in such case?

--- 帖子 #1830 ---
Good Question

1. Candle sticks & Tails

2. Breaks & bounces.

3. one hour Trend Line (TL)

4. I will be keeping an eye on Vol. as well

I have found I'm in a lot faster this way then with the stochs

& got out faster - both to the good.

(but for the UJ which was more my fault- I think(!?)- not following my new rules?!)

as for Stochs - I likely will fall back on them as I did today!

as for the middle - hour TL. ...

also I think the pair matters E/U - TL & Channels are so easy

clearly the UJ they are not - I might use Stochs on these types of pairs
I am going to leave the Stochs on my charts

TEB

--- 帖子 #1831 ---
Thanks for your answer, Teb.

Yeah, imho, stochs are great help, and filter from bad trades.

--- 帖子 #1832 ---
Teb, great job with your trendlines.

It looks to me that the problem you mention here is because you may be looking for a trendline that does not yet exist.  You have some very well defined ones there, but it seems that you made your second 4-hr line where price was at the moment, instead of waiting for a move away from that area first.  In other words, I can make a trendline from any old swing high/low to where price is now, but it doesn't mean that price has actually tested that area yet and moved away from it, creating a boundary.  And while two points may make an acceptable trendline, really 3 or more makes it a much more reliable boundary.

--- 帖子 #1833 ---
Exactly, this has been confusing me for some time.

--- 帖子 #1834 ---
You know you are right- What I did would normally be okay

- we have 3 touches on the top & 5 on the bottom .

So I moved down to the hour charts- & it testing & moving away.

I think the bigger problem is the 2nd 4 hour Channel had not broken the 1st

& was inclosed in it. I forgot basic TL rules ... A channel is a TL right .

I think I need to wait for the 4 hour to confirm & then move to the 1 hour

the other is "Cheating"  & I guess you don't always get away with it

also it was Friday... I keep telling myself never trade on fridaysl

All my big losses always come on Friday.

thank for your thoughts

TEB

--- 帖子 #1835 ---
Hey TEB, which stoch for which timeframe?  I'm using 5,3,3 on 4 hr and 14,3,3 on 60 (I'm using 4 hour and 60 min).

1.  Should I switch from 60 to 30?  I've found that doesn't work out well.

2.  Should I have both stoch's on both timeframes?

thanks in advance for your answer!

-Nondisclosure00(FF left of the '7').

--- 帖子 #1836 ---
If im not mistaken this thread started off some 123 pages ago a simple stochy ma system and now despite hundreds of themes later no one found the right combination........Mmmm i wonder why?

--- 帖子 #1837 ---
Oh I wouldn't say that.

I'm using a stoch 14,3,3 on 60 min and 5,3,3 on 4 hour. I have it set for the last 3 bars on 60 min and last 2 bars on 4 hour. when they all line up, it's the entry.

I use Heiken_Ashi_Ma for the exit.

In back testing from 1/1/07 to 6/30/07, GBPUSD I've taken 10k in play USD and turned it into 50k USD for that timeframe.

BTW, this is using an EA I w/ money management I wrote.

I'm just trying to figure out how to not get into some of the big loss trades.

I've been hesitating doing forward testing w/ this. Don't know why though.:

--- 帖子 #1838 ---
Hi Bolt

No it began & will always be about MTF trading

1. Stochs were the tool of choice

2. But I have said I want to be as simply as possible.

that is my goal

3. TEB1 & TEB2 work very very well

I made very good  money with them anyways

& I called a number of trades live with both very well.

But in the idea of simple I want to go in the end away from tools

as much as possible ..

I see MTF Channels as better then Stochs.

if that turns out not to be true -  Believe me I will come back to Stoch

TEB1 is better for long calls

TEB2 is better for sort calls

I hope that helps

I will answer the other stuff later in a week
"as I was never here to night"

TEB

--- 帖子 #1839 ---
Mmmmmmm.... I wonder why? Since you've obviously read all 123 pages, maybe you can tell us why?

--- 帖子 #1840 ---
TEB what are ur thoughts on G/U

--- 帖子 #1841 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

G/J 4 hour

1. Channel System

a. Buy/ sell on a bounce or break of the yellow area.

4 hour channel - light blue lines

b.1 hour trend line moving down- sell sign- dark blue line

2.TEB 2 says its going down .

May want to let it reload on the 30 min chart

3. TEB 1 says nothing

But Monday is a holiday in Japan,

Personally I would wait to see what the market is going to do with carry trade

I think we will have a big move -- up or down.

Uj looks like it wants to go uo gj & ej  look looks like they want to go down!

so I bailed till I see what will happen

the more I look it looks more & more down for the 3.

TEB

--- 帖子 #1842 ---
Hi guys

I am gone now see you a week monday.

Two pairs to watch both buys!

Gbp/Chf

Eur/Cad

TEB

--- 帖子 #1843 ---
Can anyone answer this?

Which stoch should we use for which timeframe? I'm using 5,3,3 on 4 hr and 14,3,3 on 60 (I'm using 4 hour and 60 min).

1. Should I switch from 60 to 30? I've found that doesn't work out well.

2. Should I have both stoch's on both timeframes?

I know TEB's busy and probably hasn't had the time to answer.  Maybe someone else here can.  Just a little clarification.  Reason is because I'm writing an EA based on this.

thanks in advance for your answer!

-Nondisclosure00(FF left of the '7').

--- 帖子 #1844 ---
Hey nondisclosure...TEB's statement already contains the answer you are looking for.

If you are using TEB1. Then you would use 5,3,3 stoch settings on the daily, the 1hr and then the 30m chart and wait for all of them to line up (cross).

if you are using TEB2. you would place a 5,3,3 and a 14,3,3 on a 4hr and 30m chart. you would wait for the 4hr stochs to cross then enter on a 30m cross of the stochs.

You can tweak certain timeframes while using this system however dont make them too close. for example looking for a 30m and then a 15m cross. Currently I am using a daily cross then looking for 1hr crosses for entry.

hope this helps.

--- 帖子 #1845 ---
Thanks vder.  That's what I thought he was saying, but I just wasn't sure.  That means, as my EA is written now, it's not right.

In an earlier post, TEB has stated which TEB is better for which postions (see here: http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...postcount=1842 ).

I plan on implimenting that way.

Then all I need to do is figure out the exits.

Thanks again vder!

--- 帖子 #1846 ---
TEB 2

is 14.3.3 & 5.3.3 on both the 4 hour & 30 mins is the main one

a faster one at 30 mins & 5 mins

& the one I am now using the most is slower one

at 1 day & 4 hour

But the issue is you do 2 time frames & two shochs

TEB1 is one stoch

one stoch @ 5.3.3 main time frame is  Day 4 hour & 30 mins - it is 3 time frames

a second was 4 hour , 30 mins & 5 mins

longer & the one I am using mostly now

is week. day 4 hour

TEB

--- 帖子 #1847 ---
hey nondisclosure, anytime. I see that TEB came in also. I have tried using higher timeframes as they tend to filter out a lot of the market noise. I am trying to work on some different exit strategies because this entry system is quite good. exits are so very important in this business as they determine if you make money or dont.

As i said before you can tweak the system but make sure the timeframes are not too close. Also, very important, backtest and forward test any system that you find for a little while. I think that if you can find a system and know everything about that 1 system, you will be better off than bouncing from system to system. I have found that this system appeals to me and I am trying to make the best of it. I am not necessarily that good with the system but I am making some nice trades with it. What i need to learn is to stop giving away my profits .

take care.

--- 帖子 #1848 ---
Hi,

Can someone tell me, can the stochcastics change direction, or are they fixed at that point once the candle closes, so when they are crossed, then cannot be uncrossed?

Thanks in advance,

Guess

--- 帖子 #1849 ---
Hi TEB. Thanks.

I plan on using TEB2 for short entries and TEB1 for long as per your earlier post http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...postcount=1842

I'll try TEB2 for both also. Since it's Sunday here in the States, I probably won't get time to work on it today. But should on Monday.

Forgot to mention, I'm using 4H and 1H.  30min in past testing didn't do so well, but then again, I wasn't using the TEB rules as you stated, so I'll try different things and let you know.  Once I get the EA working well, I'll post the code.

BTW, if you've got any good ideas for an exit strategy, let me know.  So I can incorporate it.

--- 帖子 #1850 ---
Yeah, I've figured on not bouncing from system to system and am going to concentrate on this one.  It's the simpliest.

--- 帖子 #1851 ---
Hey guess121, the stochs, like most if not all indicators, lag behind price action. When price moves, so do the stochs. A stoch cross might be occuring at one point but if price shoots up/down in the opposite direction to the cross, then potentially the stoch can become uncrossed (depending on how high price moves and when it closes).

hope this helps.

--- 帖子 #1852 ---
Hi Vder,

Ok, so back testing anything would not really prove successful then?

Thanks,

Guess

--- 帖子 #1853 ---
After trading for 3 years with mixed results, buying so many forex systems from "make a million in the forex with $100" gurus TEB's strategies are absolutely mind blowing and wow, it's all free here on FF.

So grateful I discovered this thread and system!  My account is now recovered from a bad series of losses.

--- 帖子 #1854 ---
Lol you should be more careful )

Did you make also backtesting and paper trading before ? with that 1milion EA systems ? )

--- 帖子 #1855 ---
Sure I did.  You don't survive trading forex for 3 years by being stupid.  It's just that psychologically trading on large time frames with big SL never made me feel comfortable.  Made $ - but paid for it in sweat and anxiety.

TEB has put fun back into trading for me, and has made me a happy man! What I was trying to say was I have got more out of the FF (at least most of it) than I ever received from any seminar or ebook trading strategies elsewhere.

Love this thread!

--- 帖子 #1856 ---
Yep i agree.

Forums is endless fountain of IDEAS

But still you must have some background of trading.

so that Seminars and ebooks and Books are also good investment.

--- 帖子 #1857 ---
Hey guess121, backtesting can be successful because you wait for the cross to be solidified ie. wait for the candle to close. When a candle is being formed, the stochs can cross and then uncross depending on how the market is moving. therefore, I will wait for a cross to be confirmed BEFORE placing a trade. In backtesting it should prove to be the same as forward testing as you are waiting for the crosses before making a trade.

--- 帖子 #1858 ---
The TEB EA is based solely on TEB2.  It opens positions based on those orders.

There is no exit strategy in this EA!  But if someone's got some good ideas, I'll entertain them.  right now, it just moves the SL in accordance to the TS values, waits until the SL get hits, then closes order.

Here's the meaning of some of the variables:
MoneyManagement - Change to false to shutdown money management controls.
TradeSizePercent - Change to whatever percent of equity you wish to risk.
Lots - Used only if MoneyManagement if set to false.
LotSize - Contract size of a single lot
Leverage - leverage you get from your brokder
StopLoss - Stop Loss
UseTrailingStop - Use Trailing Stop
TrailingStopType - Type 1 moves stop immediately, Type 2 waits til value of TS is reached
TrailingStop - Pip value of trailing stop
UseTakeProfit - Use Take Profit
TakeProfit - Pip value of where you want take profit taken
Slippage - For definition of slippage, google it.
time1 - Lower time frame.  ie.  using 4h and 30 min, this would be 30
time2 - Higher time frame.  ie.  using 4h and 30 min, this would be 240

Take a look.  Test run, etc.  If we can fine tune it, I would like that.  I'll post all versions as I get input back.  And when we come up w/ something that's final, it'll be here for all to use.

I don't want to mess w/ the MoneyManagement stuff.  I know that works on other EA's I've messed with.

What I want us to work on is Exits and Entrys (Entrys if needed).

--- 帖子 #1859 ---
Hi Vder,

Thanks, that explains everything

Thanks!

--- 帖子 #1860 ---
Thanks vder.  That reminded me, that's what the EA does that I wrote.  It waits until the candle is closed.

--- 帖子 #1861 ---
Hi Nondisclosure00,

I would like to ask a couple of questions about this EA and how it works.

1. Teb 2, 4H and 3M, stochs 5,3,3 and 14,3,3?

2.  Does it use both 5,3,3 and 14,3,3 stochs for the cross?

3. So when the 4h crosses it then waits for the 30M to cross in the same direction and then it will trade?

4. Also I want a simple setup and not too sure how this can be done on this EA to test. When the criteria comes into play for the trade, can I want the system to close on the 10 pips, as I am having issues running a backtest, can anyone help?

Thanks in advance!

Guess

Thanks in advance.

--- 帖子 #1862 ---
See answers above.

--- 帖子 #1863 ---
awesome work on the EA. I will wait till I have a chance to test it out. thanks for the contribution!

--- 帖子 #1864 ---
Great Nondis.

I have it running on a North Finance demo.

I don't have a lot of experience with ea's but will try to give you some feedback.

Initially I'm thinking a two lot entry with one lot having a  20 pip target price and if reached then the second lot set so the trade would at least break even.  It'll be fun to see how your 25 pip trailing stop works.  I'd for sure chicken out if the ea gives a signal in the opposite direction!

A 50 pip stoploss might be best but let's hope 25 would work without ruining too many winning trades.

Thanks!

Bill

--- 帖子 #1865 ---
Nondisclosure00,

#1 wish list item: noisey alert!

As time permits it'll be great trying to scalp in the direction of the ea's trade using 5min charts maybe (if I'm alerted!).

I'm using 60/240 and 30/240 on the ea.

--- 帖子 #1866 ---
Hi Nondisclosure00,

Can I ask you one thing, if this is possible at all and wondering if you could implement it if possible?

I think it is simple, but I might be wrong.

I am looking at stochs on 5,3,3 on the 4 hour time frame, when the cross occurs, I then want to look on the 30 minute time frame for the stoch to cross in the same direction ( or if it is already crossed and heading in that direction) to alert me, send me mail.

Can anything be written, indicator or EA?

Thanks in advance,

Guess

--- 帖子 #1867 ---
I know this already works, slightly differently, where both the stochs, 5 and 14,3,3 are crossed and are in the same direction.

Thanks,

Guess

--- 帖子 #1868 ---
Have you tried to exit on 30min (14,3,3) stoch. I believe that was in the original rules for teb2.

--- 帖子 #1869 ---
Waiting for the 30min opposite signal might be good...

Teb ea 60/240 went long guppy at 248.36 12.5 hours ago at 7:01pm Los Angeles but the 30/240 didn't.

A 25 pip stoploss would have closed the trade before the big run up.

So a 50 stoploss would get this trade.

Still long at 249.96 and the 30min (14,3,3) is still above 80 and long but the 30min (5,3,3) looks like it would exit this trade for the first time when this candle closes in 20 minutes at this level or less.

--- 帖子 #1870 ---
Is there a way to tell the ea not to open a long position if ithe stoch's are above 80 or a short if below 20. The position usually reverses right after causing a lost.

--- 帖子 #1871 ---
Okay Nondisclosure00,

Our exhaustive empirical evidence is definitive (well...this guppy trade is still doing good at least):

50 pip stoploss

no buy signals if above 80 or visa versa

exit a 30/240 signal or 60/240 signal on the opposite 30min (14,3,3) signal.

Instead of multiple units with breakeven targets a noisey alert would be good so we can just scalp in the direction of the trend.

--- 帖子 #1872 ---
Hi,

As you can probably tell, I am really crap with EAs.

I've got the EA setup on my machine, though it does not seem to be running any trades, even though there have been crosses, I have not got all the stochs setup on my screen, is that why?

Can someone please help me with setting up the stochs?

Thanks in advance,

Guess

--- 帖子 #1873 ---
Here's a start:  http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=8984

--- 帖子 #1874 ---
A more generic, programmable exit:

Close trade when the 14,3,3 stoch. of  1/8th the time period of the long time period to enter the trade gives an opposite signal.

So if 60/240 is used to enter 1/8 of 240 is 30min (14,3,3) is used to exit.

--- 帖子 #1875 ---
Great thanks Poocher...

That's done the trick, final few questions, as we are running 2 time frames, do we have to setup the MTF stochs like so:

5,3,3 - 30mins

14,3,3 - 30 mins

5,3,3 - 4hours

14,3,3 - hours

Thanks,

Guess

--- 帖子 #1876 ---
I'm not sure. But I'd guess Nondisclosure00's ea. would do all of the time period and indicator computations if the ea is opened on the lowest time frame that the ea makes computations for. I'm not that experienced so I have the ea's running the way you have it set up with time frames and indicators already made.

--- 帖子 #1877 ---
Thanks again Poocher, I'll that and see how it goes

Thanks,

Guess

--- 帖子 #1878 ---
The GBP/JYP buy yesterday 7:01 p.m. Los Angeles would have closed today at 1pm on the 30min close at 250.21 when the 14,3,3 crossed below 80 for almost 200 pips.

--- 帖子 #1879 ---
So everyone want's a signal generated and NOT a trade opened. Right?

I only had one exit idea posted (http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...postcount=1878 )

What I'll do is put in the ability to choose your exit timeframe. But the stoch for the exit time frame (exittimeframe in the EA) will be 14,3,3.

New variables:
audioAlert = false; if true it plays annoying sound and flip open dialog box
emailAlert = false; if true it will send an e-mail alert to the e-mail address that's in Metatrader 4 options area.
submitautoorder = false; if true, will submit order for you
closeautoorder = false; if true, will auto close order for you.
exittimeframe = 240; time frame for closeautoorder.

ALL ARE SET TO FALSE BY DEFAULT! In other words, it will not do anything until you set something to true.

Test and play.

Ps. you guys doing back testing (hopefully a full calendar year like 2006) post some results (you get them from the report tab in the strategy tester area in MT4). Of course, if your back testing w/ all the automatic stuff turned on.

Hey TEB, chime in any time buddy!

Thanks!

--- 帖子 #1880 ---
Thanks again for the EA. Great work!

--- 帖子 #1881 ---
I think using the Managetp scrip that is somewhere in this forum would be perfect to compliment this scrip. With this scrip you can take partial profits at determined levels and it also moves your stop loss for you. Let this expert get you into a trade and let managetp get you out. I’m going to give it a try anyway.

Thanks.

oo7_ts

--- 帖子 #1882 ---
I have the ManageTP script.  But I got mine from ForexMasterMaker.com (news trading site I long since canceled).  And it wasn't up there for general use.  I've been wanting to see a 'publicly' released version of it.  I wanted to add it to this script, or have this script get into an order and have MTP get out of one.  But I didn't find a publicly available version.

If you can find at FF, post it here.  I'd be more than willing to take out the closing trade functions (or just add the script into the EA).

--- 帖子 #1883 ---
I think that the scrip that ForexMasterMaker uses is the same one that is posted in this post. http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...&postcount=114 The scrip that Dustin has for their group wasn't made by them, one of the guys in that group pointed the scrip out to Dustin and then he posted it on his site for download. I was trading with them when they first started using it. Anyway, the thread with this post has a couple of versions of it, the one in post 114 the most recent I think.

Thanks.

oo7_ts

--- 帖子 #1884 ---
Thanks Nondisclosure00!!!

I gotta learn to backtest!

Hope Teb doesn't think all this is too far off the topic of his thread.

--- 帖子 #1885 ---
Got the new ea up and running...fun!!!

If I put "Tradesizepercent" to zero and just use lot size of one will it just make trades of one lot each?

--- 帖子 #1886 ---
no, but if you turn moneymanagement off (false), then whatever lot number you put in will be used per trade.

--- 帖子 #1887 ---
Now I remember why I didn't use this in trend trading.  The EA resets itself each time a new candle is formed.

Kills the whole thing.  It'll work for Dustin when he's doing news due to the volitility of it, but not when your trading trends.

IF you were to use this trading trends, you should use it on a daily chart.  That way settings won't be reset on a new candle.

--- 帖子 #1888 ---
Well, that explains why it wouldn't work for me now - I was starting to pull my hair. I am going to try running it on a daily chart while running the TEB EA on a 1H chart. I really like the idea of these two EA's combined.

Thanks for letting me know about the resetting.

oo7_ts

--- 帖子 #1889 ---
If I am not wrong should the ea check to see that all four stoch's are going the same way, It open a short on this. All four stochs are not going in the same direction. The last stoch is 14,3,3 4hr

--- 帖子 #1890 ---
Gotcha.

--- 帖子 #1891 ---
Actually it did.  Your chart is the 30 min I assume.

You drew your line in the wrong spot.

One candle behind your big blue line would be where the order was actually opened.  If you change the time on your chart to 4 hour, you'll see that it entered at the right spot on 4 hour.

Remember, the candle BEFORE the arrow is the one that makes the determination on wether to open the order.

--- 帖子 #1892 ---
Thanks, I am using the indicator made by fewhills. I don't draw my own lines, sorry for the mistake. By the way, I have been doing better by using a TP and not using the turning of the (14,3,3). I will post my statement later tonight after my day JOB. Could you find a way for the ea not to trade if above 80 or below 20?

--- 帖子 #1893 ---
No problem.

which stoch do you not want above 80 or below 20?  All 4?

--- 帖子 #1894 ---
I use the 30min so lets try those two first. Do not buy if above 80, do not sell if below 20. Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1895 ---
Ok.  It'll be a little while while I do it, but when it's done, I'll post it.

--- 帖子 #1896 ---
Poocher, are you using the EA on the 4hr-1hr mainly. How are you doing with those settings.

--- 帖子 #1897 ---
Here is my statement for the day. I use a TP of 15 with the SL of 50.

--- 帖子 #1898 ---
Thanks.

I see the EA is still taking some pretty bad trades.  This is where I wish TEB would chime in.  We need to have some way of filtering out those bad trades.

Do you have the report of the trades themselves?  If not, no big deal.  But if you can, post them.  thanks.

--- 帖子 #1899 ---
Here is the statement.

--- 帖子 #1900 ---
Had a computer crash while at work today so don't see any trades.  Just have it running on GBP/yen 60/240 and 30/240.  I'm just learning so have to figure out how to even post statements like you...thanks!  Hope to get up to speed this weekend and run all next week then give statements.

--- 帖子 #1901 ---
Willmalou,

Just set ShiftLine to 1 and it will draw 1 bar earlier.

Regards,

fewhills

--- 帖子 #1902 ---
Anybody watching usd/cad? looks to me as it's ready to go short (looking at 4hr and 30min stochs from teb2, which are all down now).

--- 帖子 #1903 ---
Hi,

Regardless on main H4 Channel that is bear and also appears flag pattern. it could go down soon. but i would wait if it break lower band of flag, if it. if not i would wait till it move up and then going down

--- 帖子 #1904 ---
Try TP 20 or 25 + Spred

& 35 SL

TEB

--- 帖子 #1905 ---
fewhills,

I like this indie.  The math done in this is far better than the math done in my EA for the TEB system.

What I'd like to do, w/ your permission and help, is wrap an EA around it.  since your one really good coder, what I want to do is pull in results from your indie to tell my EA when to place postions (close them too outside of SL and TP setting in my money managange settings).

What I would need your indie to do is instead of sending an alert, put something on the chart.  it doesn't even have to be visible.  example would be you have 2 different kinds of dot you could put on the chart.  a blue one below the low of a candle would signal a buy, a red one above the high would signal a sell, etc.

What ya say?  Want to give a shot w/ me?

--- 帖子 #1906 ---
I just found Fewhills indicator too because  Wilmalou referred to it.

A Nondisclosure00/Fewhills combo would be cool.  Thanks both of you for your efforts.

--- 帖子 #1907 ---
I think that would be great also. Here is the my statement for the week, TP 15 SL 50. Still came out pos pips.

--- 帖子 #1908 ---
Hi guys,

I am still struggling to understand this EA and I was hoping you guys can help me out here...

1. Can someone confirm, what time frame I need to run the EA, time frame settings I am looking at are 30 and 240 (4h)?

2. Do I need to run the stochs 5,3,3 and 14,3,3?

Basically this is how I want the system to work, as I have done loads of back testing and simple is best for me, I don't want to be greedy, and I was hoping Nondisclosure can help me out here. When the 5,3,3 and 14,3,3 on the 4 hour time crosses, then I want the EA/Indicator to wait for the 30 minute time frame to cross in the SAME direction (or if it is already crossed in that direction) then email me and take the trade, so a combination of EA and indicator. I am not too sure if the current EA waits or just checks the lower time frame and makes it choice based on that?

Sorry to be a pain guys

Thanks in advance,

Guess

--- 帖子 #1909 ---
I have been gone all week

So I am going to have some fun

below is what I am looking at

up /down

is what I think will happen

I am using " Channels & my "secart weopon"

Weaker signs -

are either weak signs or signs that are turning but not quite  turned.

It is Saturday .... so a lot can happen before the markets get going .

Usd/yen up

Gbp/yen up

Usd/Cad down (weeker - but i think good)

Aud/Usd up (weeker )

Eur/jpy up!

eur/chf up (weeker)

Eur/aud Down

cad/jpy up (weeker- i think good)

Usd/Mxd Down(: )

Aud/Nzxd up Weeker)

Gbp/chf up (weeker)

TEB

--- 帖子 #1910 ---
USD/CAD - down

EUR/JPY- Up

GPB/JPY -UP

Cad/JPY - Up

I think look very good

lets see if Carry trade is dead

& see if the Cad had more to run

again I would wait to see what the week brings

TEB

--- 帖子 #1911 ---
You were supposed to rest on vacation!

Looks like all you did was analyze the markets!

I'd usually feel insulted when someone claims to have a secret weapon and doesn't share it but not with you Teb...its fun to follow your approach to the markets.  Its inspiring when you share your efforts cuz that's one thing that can't be put in an ea.

--- 帖子 #1912 ---
Guess,

The EA uses both 14 and 5 on both TF's. All 4 Stoch's must go in the same direction in order for the order to be taken.

Here's the one w/ the audio and e-mail options.
http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...postcount=1883

--- 帖子 #1913 ---
Was this using the EA?  I take it only had like 20 pips for the week?

--- 帖子 #1914 ---
Hi Nondisclosure,

Thanks for that, ok, I'm to grips with this EA

Ok, another thing, for me it's easy... can you knock up an EA/Indicator that does the following?

When the 5,3,3 stoch crosses, it then waits for the stoch to cross in the same direction and then alert us and take the trade? (instead of all stocks being in the same direction and then taking the trade). I'm only concerned in the 5,3,3 stoch at 3 time frames, 1 day, 4 hours and 30 minutes.

I think this can happen once/twice a week and net enough pips for me.

Thanks again,

Guess

--- 帖子 #1915 ---
does anybody has TEB pdf strategy tutorial?

I read in one of Teb's post he has created one, or not yet?

--- 帖子 #1916 ---
I don't believe he went ahead with that.

--- 帖子 #1917 ---
Hi Purelove,

I don't i think he did, there are 2 systems

Teb1 and Teb2, but off top of me head, cannot remember exactly, as I have loads of templates and slightly different to Tebs system, but if you look through the posts you will find them.

Regards,

Guess

--- 帖子 #1918 ---
Thank you Guess

I think that's what I should do going through the posts

--- 帖子 #1919 ---
Purelove,

Yep...

You have to otherwise you won't learn about the system, caveats, improvements, etc...

Good luck,

Happy Pipping

--- 帖子 #1920 ---
STOP LOSSES ARE GOOD!!

WOW alot of people are in trouble right now

Does anyone know what is going in in Japan?

Is this the storm thing & nuclear leak thing or something else?

it was clear the YEN was too strong but wow?

TEB

--- 帖子 #1921 ---
Will the gap be filled?

TEB

--- 帖子 #1922 ---
with Oanda is no distance!

--- 帖子 #1923 ---
G/J closed the gap!!

TEB

--- 帖子 #1924 ---
it has not closed the gap on interbank, north finance and fxcm platform.

--- 帖子 #1925 ---
intersting

FXDD & oanda it has?

TEB

--- 帖子 #1926 ---
eur/jpy  & USD/JPY both closed the gap

teb

--- 帖子 #1927 ---
You guys got me looking and I noticed different prices on different platforms for G/J.

The difference between the high last Friday and the high today after the gap up:

North Finance: 26pips                    251.07/250.81

Strategybuilder: 91pips                  251.09/250.18

Water House Capital:  114pips         251.09/249.95

I trade live with WHC and went short Friday.  Was thinking of opening up with NF but not now with that kind of crummy price moves.

Looks like they were trying to hit stops!

--- 帖子 #1928 ---
Closing all G/J & E/J trades

Made over 254 pips on 6 trades

I closing all Usd/Cad

I had two trade for 64 pips

TEB
http://www.forexfactory.com/images/misc/progress.gif

--- 帖子 #1929 ---
Eur/Usd  buy 1.3815

Usd/Chf  sell 1.2050

TEB

--- 帖子 #1930 ---
TEB btw you are trading also live account ?

--- 帖子 #1931 ---
your stoc shows an uptrend in the 4 hour chart?!?!  really?!?!

--- 帖子 #1932 ---
yes

--- 帖子 #1933 ---
no

--- 帖子 #1934 ---
all Eur/Usd TF @1.3824 (total 7)

Highest # of pips 25 total pips 107

TEB

--- 帖子 #1935 ---
been a good day

I am out of here - If I was staying up

I would be watching the Aud/Jpy & the Cad/Jpy

both I think will have good moves to night

I think both will move up ... but if they break R it could be down

I don't think so ... but what ever

But iether way I would be watching them

But I am out of here -

TEB

--- 帖子 #1936 ---
did u make money on eur/usd?

--- 帖子 #1937 ---
btw TEB what charting platform do u use.

would u mind posting example of charts u use for trading?

--- 帖子 #1938 ---
Hi Teb,

What system did you use for this?

Thanks

Guess

--- 帖子 #1939 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Day  CAD/JPY

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

4 hour CAD/JPY

Channels are my bacis thing

I am playing with a new tool system

that is secondary to this -  I am still working on it.

& I am not sure what I am going to do with it.

TEB

--- 帖子 #1940 ---
yes - 107 pips on 7 lots

Did anyone take e Cad/JPY or the Aud/JPY?

both made money!!

TEB

--- 帖子 #1941 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

4 hour G/J

I didn't get it

but if I had been watching the charts

I would have taken this trade

TEB

--- 帖子 #1942 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

same as the last - only bigger

TEB

--- 帖子 #1943 ---
Cad/Jpy H4 really good trade about 80Pips

--- 帖子 #1944 ---
Hey TEB, with regards to your CAD/JPY 4h chart on post #1943, the second yellow spot is a point that would define the channel because it is the second point. I would not know to buy at that point because right there at the 2nd yellow circle the channel would not have been defined as yet. How would you know to buy at that point if the channel has not been formed? Do you wait for a channel to form and then buy?

thanks.

--- 帖子 #1945 ---
it had Bounce off the channel with the close of the 1st candle

We have a very strong channel in place already

- both in the 4 hour & day channel

I would have places the trade on the candle close.

SL 10 pips below the Channel!!

I almost places it last night even before the close

but.. I was tired & I had a good day

its odds right

TEB

--- 帖子 #1946 ---
Markets are dead

Bye

TEB

--- 帖子 #1947 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Still looks like it wants to go up

Wait till it confirms - one more candleafter this one closes

or Buy & place a stop  below the channal

on the close of this candle

TEB

--- 帖子 #1948 ---
Hey TEB, how is the channel formed with only 1 point? That is what I am trying to ask. I am not sure the second area would be good to place a trade as the channel had not been formed as yet. You see what I am saying? The channel you have drawn was started (according to your red line) just at the first yellow area.

--- 帖子 #1949 ---
Vder, I think that was just a part of the channel, zoomed in, on the previos chart you can see the whole channel, and there is more than one points.

PS. sorry, I take my words back, didn't quite understand what exactly you meant until i reread your post on previous page.

--- 帖子 #1950 ---
What kind of candle formations are you looking for, pin bars for instance or something more complicated?

Rocroy

PS. Thanks for a great thread!

--- 帖子 #1951 ---
Vder, I'm a newbie, pls how do you upload this EA. it's the NonDisclosure00's EA

pls help

http://www.forexfactory.com/attachme...1&d=1184617412

--- 帖子 #1952 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

AUD/JPY 4 hour

I have said before I am not a great believe in fibbs

that is other then the 50% fibb (& the 0% & 100%)

The 50% is the one I think is the gold one!!

you can make a lot of money just on this one fibb 50%

I like!!

TEB

--- 帖子 #1953 ---
eur/usd buy @1.3710

SL 1.3685

TP TBA

TEB

--- 帖子 #1954 ---
If you want

Usd/CHFD sell

GPB/USD buy

TEB

--- 帖子 #1955 ---
GPB & EUR/JPY

are looking very good to buy may not quite

but good more of a risk might try

E/J  164.84

sl    164.59

TP  TBA

GJ etc

TEB

--- 帖子 #1956 ---
CAD down

TEB

--- 帖子 #1957 ---
close G/J @247.50

TEB

--- 帖子 #1958 ---
close E/J @  165.38

TEB

--- 帖子 #1959 ---
TEB, nice trades and nice exits. How did you figured the exits out? Did you check usdjpy prev high, or something else?

R

--- 帖子 #1960 ---
closing all euro & cad trades for wins

TEB

--- 帖子 #1961 ---
Buying cable for longer term hold @ 2.0527

TEB

--- 帖子 #1962 ---
Hey there watchout4me, welcome to the forum. I have not tested this EA as yet, still doing everything by hand. To install EA's I believe that you have to place it in the "C:\Program Files\MetaTrader 4\experts" folder or wherever you have installed meta trader.

let me know if you have any troubles.

--- 帖子 #1963 ---
Hey TEb, what was the reason for taking the E/J against the trend? 1hr channel?

--- 帖子 #1964 ---
Thank you.

I'm ok

--- 帖子 #1965 ---
Cable reached the 4H channel bottom at 440 and still going down... Lets see if it stops there or is that an indication of a longer move to hte south with euro.

R

Could someone kindly explain how to attach charts to msg's (pls send a private email). Thanks a lot.

--- 帖子 #1966 ---
Guys, I don't think that the EA follows TEB's rules. If you check the stochOpen routine (or what the heck they are called in MT...) you notice that EA opens a BUY position if StochMain > StochSignal  in all relevant timeframes (and a SELL in the opposite case). So the 20/80 levels of stoch are not used at all...

Who wrote the EA? Maybe you should check its logic with the writer first.

R

Quote:

Originally Posted by vder http://www.forexfactory.com/images/buttons/viewpost.gif
Hey there watchout4me, welcome to the forum. I have not tested this EA as yet, still doing everything by hand. To install EA's I believe that you have to place it in the "C:\Program Files\MetaTrader 4\experts" folder or wherever you have installed meta trader.

let me know if you have any troubles.

Thank you.

I'm ok

--- 帖子 #1967 ---
[quote=Rocroy;1509181]Cable reached the 4H channel bottom at 440 and still going down... Lets see if it stops there or is that an indication of a longer move to hte south with euro.

R

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

TEB

--- 帖子 #1968 ---
I'm new to this method,

i made 94pips with TEB1 taking note of the channel + Support and Resistance

still learning

--- 帖子 #1969 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I have the euro holding in the 4 hour channel too

TEB

--- 帖子 #1970 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

NZD/USD has broken the 4 hour

TEB

--- 帖子 #1971 ---
Good stuff

--- 帖子 #1972 ---
buying both Eur & Cable

put stops below the 4 hour channels

TEB

--- 帖子 #1973 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

NZD/USD

What do you think?

HUUU

TEB

--- 帖子 #1974 ---
Rocroy, it follows TEB1.  Not TEB2.  I haven't gotten around to adding the 80/20 stuff yet.

--- 帖子 #1975 ---
TEB,

this is first time I will have such result,

like i've said i'm a newbie, I use TEB1 but i take note channel, support and resistance,

over 100pip!!!  I traded JPY and CHF pairs

--- 帖子 #1976 ---
NonDisclosure,

how's the EA today, did it trade?

--- 帖子 #1977 ---
can someone interprete dutch?

http://www.nrcm.de/

--- 帖子 #1978 ---
I'm not running it on my machine.  I'm developing other EA's and other things.  I don't have a spare pc to run it on.  That's what I was hoping others could do.  Then help me filter out bad trades.

--- 帖子 #1979 ---
I thought that to open a new position the stochs need to cross 20/80 limit, but now when I look at TEB's graphs I notice that he says a new position can be opened every time the stochs cross.

In this example graph I would have opened only one BUY, at the thinner green line.

R

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1980 ---
Time to start buying yen again?

R

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1981 ---
I wouldn't.  the stoch's haven't started on the way back up.  if you buy and it flattens out, you'll probably lose.

sometimes it pays to wait a candle to see where the stoch's are going.

--- 帖子 #1982 ---
take a look at the edited chart you posted that I'm posting here (forgive me for accuracy of the line. I had to draw it in mspaint).

If you had waited for both stoch's to be above 80 to trade, you would have lost out on one heck of a good sell.

--- 帖子 #1983 ---
so how is everyone doing

I am up 54 pips on the cable & 25 on the euro?

I think it will go up a lot more but lock in come pips!!

TEB

--- 帖子 #1984 ---
Ok gang.  I wanted to keep this a secret, but I just can't anymore.:

I've setup a server in my house to run this TEB EA on.  What I would like to know from everyone is What 2 TF's and Pairs would you like to see this run on?

Downside, I'm only going to be running 1 instance of MT4.  So I can only have one set of TF's on any given pair.

Upside, I can run this on multiple pairs.

I'm not looking for $ gain or loss, pip gain or loss and refinement of the EA to get rid of as many bad trades as possible.

Once I get all idea's in by Sunday 3pm mytime (USA pacific, I think that's -7 GMT), I'll start it up and running.

Get your requests in today!

--- 帖子 #1985 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

4 hour NZD/USD

Interesting

TEB

--- 帖子 #1986 ---
Is this your request TEB? If so, I need another timeframe.

PS. Stoch would have caught that, I'm guessing, about 4 candles ago.:

--- 帖子 #1987 ---
Will it be TEB1 or 2 ? If 2 4hr 30min. If 1 4hr 1hr 15min. And for it not to buy if stoch is above 89 and not to sell if below 20

--- 帖子 #1988 ---
and south we  go...

R

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

[quote=TEB63;1509339][quote=Rocroy;1509181]Cable reached the 4H channel bottom at 440 and still going down... Lets see if it stops there or is that an indication of a longer move to hte south with euro.

R

--- 帖子 #1989 ---
It'll be 2.  But using the 'above below 80 20' rule will not be implimented.  it skips too many trades.

I'll use 4hr and 30min.  what pair?

--- 帖子 #1990 ---
Well how is everyone

thank goodnes for SL & taking part proffets

anyways I think the Cable & Euro & Nzd are all turning

way over sold & all at the bottom of day channels

but it is friday

TEB

--- 帖子 #1991 ---
Yes it skips trades,but the majority of those taken are bad ones. If you look back at the posts you will see that when you take a trade for long above 80 it usually reverses, same for the shorts below 20.

--- 帖子 #1992 ---
why would you take a long above 80?  and a short below 20?  your setting yourself up for losses.  IF your going to use the 80 20 rule, then you take a long below 20 heading north and a short above 80 heading south.  The downside is you miss out on a lot of trades.

I take it your running the EA and it's giving you these results.  what are the %'s.  And what would you suggest?  More TF's, more candle's taken on the short end to properly set the trend?  etc.  Ideas needed!

--- 帖子 #1993 ---
I don't quite agree, I believe that cable for instance will still fall 200+ pips (see my earlier posting with the cable chart). Why? Check how similar cable moves have been in the channel. Also the daily slow stoch is not even near the 20 level (which it earlier always reached before trend turning up).

Yen has already crashed to the long term channel bottom and this seems to hold.

R

--- 帖子 #1994 ---
errata:

{

Changed the small time frame from 14 and 5 stoch comparison to their signal line to last 3 stoch points (candles) all going in the same direction on the small time frame. {note: no one caught it but I was only checking the 14 stoch and not the 5. I caught when I went back}.

}

I'm only exiting on the 14 stoch on the high time frame. that's all the code can handle right now. and if you want your back test to even be close to accurate, set your chart on the hight time frame.

'Why backtesting isn't all that reliable to start with': http://www.google.com/search?hl=en&s...+interpolation Pick any article.

backtesting only gives an idea. you'll only know true results when you forward test.

--- 帖子 #1995 ---
If you followed the rules now coded in EA in your manual trading and if the results were good, then no problem, let's use the current EA.

R

--- 帖子 #1996 ---
Pay attention, I'm only going to explain this one more time ...............

I am asking for everyone in here to help, if they can, in forward testing this EA.  If I was trading this manually, I wouldn't be bothering others for testing now would I?

I am currently working on at least 4 other EA's and 3 other 'Major' coding projects that have nothing to do w/ 4X.

That is why I am asking for everyone's help.  When, after everyones help in fine tuning, we get an EA w/ 80% success rate, It'll be posted for everyone to use.

--- 帖子 #1997 ---
I think we are saying the same thing. I wouldn't take a trade above 80, but the ea was doing that. Sometimes it worked out most times not. I will be more precise forward testing next week with screenshots. Thanks for the EA.

--- 帖子 #1998 ---
So the EA was taking a long trade when all stoch's were above 80?

WOW!  Thanks!  That's the kind of feedback I need!

Do you want me to 'exclude' the ranges?  IE, don't enter a long trade if the stoch is above 80 and don't enter a short trade when the sthoch's are below 20?

--- 帖子 #1999 ---
You're a nice per Non, for being a Joker.

Am getting back up to speed after computer and work probs so haven't had the ea run liked I'd hoped the past week...but its running and will next week too.

--- 帖子 #2000 ---
thanks.

--- 帖子 #2001 ---
Nonedisclosure, if I recall correnctly, following Teb's rules, we can enter long above the 80 line and short below the 20 line. As long as the stochs are turning long above 80 line, we're fine to go long, and wiseversa for short. On the other hand, if the stochs is turning short above the 80 line, we're not sure to go short until the stochs cross down the 80 line, wiseversa for short. I believe these are the rules, please someone correct me if i'm recalling it wrong.

--- 帖子 #2002 ---
I have 16 charts on right now & all are stopped at the 4 hour or day channels. If it breaks them it will be a big run.

The only reason the USD is running now is it is summer.

The news about German banks would not normmally have caused this run.

The USD is week & weekening - I see this as a buying time.

will it drop 200 pips great .. because by Fall it will be back up

I think the euro will be at back 1.37 in a few weeks & 1.4 by the years end.

& the cable is stronger then the euro.

The CAD will be on par with the USD by years end.

& only heaven knows where the Jpy will be

Just my thoughts

TEB

--- 帖子 #2003 ---
till they cross in the 20% or 80% I am fine with it.

I would go one time frame up after they have crossed in the zone.

& go with that ...as the trend

that is untill they cross back over the 20% or 80 % zones

TEB

--- 帖子 #2004 ---
For what it is worth -if you are just starting to trade I think

TEB1 would be the best to start with.

esp. if you use channels . But to be honest the channels are not even needed

- just get out of the trade when the 4 hour stoch turns against you.

it really is very simple.

TEB

--- 帖子 #2005 ---
Yep, I agree what you say about usd long term trend. But now that euro is temperarily falling, I'd like to know the "best" moment of starting to buy it again. If my forecast says that it still falls 200 pips, I would not start buying it now. With better timing I could save those 200 pips, and even more if I shorted euro... (but consider possible upswing after latest long drop).

So, in the end, I'd say that the result of this coarse tech-only analysis depends on how we draw the channels (as i think that we both are using them in a similar manner). Let's take euro as an example. I don't see how the channel could be drawn differently in this timescale? And if we accept that this is our best estimate for the euro channel, it is also reasonable to act according to that.

Note how well the rule "IF price below Q1 level AND both stochs under 20 AND fast stoch crosses" would have performed in this UPtrend (and other uptrends as well).

R

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2006 ---
When you say start do you mean for an ea too?

--- 帖子 #2007 ---
TEB3 is coming

the simplest & best system

will post later

TEB

--- 帖子 #2008 ---
waiting for teb3 impatiently...

--- 帖子 #2009 ---
TEB3 SIMPLE

1. Remove everything from your charts ....I mean everything!!

2. Add two sma 4 closed (Blue) sma 5 open (red)

(if you don't have open & closed then 3 &7 SMA works also)

3. move to the weekly chart get trend (blue & red lines )

4. move to the daily charts to get triggers ( pink arrows)

5. move to the 4 hour to get comformation ( black arrows)

3rd charts

week charts-  you see trend blue & red lines only go with them

day charts - are triggers ( pink arrows) & stops (Pink "X")

4 hour - conformations of buy/sell (black arrows)

you want all 3 going the same ways

you are in and out on the day charts.

when the weekly turns you are out big time

you can take 1/2 when the 4 hour turns

or add to your trade when the 4 hour goes the way you want

SL atlease 50pips

TP let it ride.

you will have small loses - & big wins

its that simple.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

weekly

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

daily

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

4 hour

TEB

--- 帖子 #2010 ---
Thanks for this Teb, looks as you say simple and effective. I will try it out.

Cheers mate

--- 帖子 #2011 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Usd/JPy 4 hour

this is a sell sign.

I am not trading tonight I want to see what happens tomorrow

I think everything might reverse or it might not :

anyways this is how the thing works

TEB

--- 帖子 #2012 ---
Hi Teb,

Looking at your chart, this one I don't understand. Please explain.

Thank you.

Regards,

fewhills

--- 帖子 #2013 ---
TEB,

In looking at your chart, shouldn't you have said "this is a sell sign."???

Thanks for the simplicity of this TEB3!

Bruce

--- 帖子 #2014 ---
Yes you are right sorry

--- 帖子 #2015 ---
First just wanted to say thank you for your input and your continued guidance in helping a lot of us try out your system and for supporting us. I wanted to ask you something TEB, are you using Channels with this? Is this the secret weapon you spoke about sometime ago? To me this system seems very similar to TEB1 but instead of stochs, you are using MAs, is this correct? Are you waiting on 4h crosses to execute the trade or do you wait for them to start pointing in the same direction?

By the way, how long have you been trading?

thanks.

--- 帖子 #2016 ---
Teb, is TEB3 system the one you now use for your trades? Do you still use channels? If no, what was the reason you abandoned them? And do you believe that TEB3 performs better than TEB2? THank you.

--- 帖子 #2017 ---
It lets the pips run & so I think it will make more

But you will have more smaller loses

Still doing channels - but not on this system - but to get a feel for what is going on-

This is just so simple & easy - & it works to gets the big trends & removes the noice.

--- 帖子 #2018 ---
5 yrs FX

It is like TEB1 but it lets the pips run a lot longer

you will have more small loses as well

--- 帖子 #2019 ---
Thanks Teb!!!

Grateful for your leadership.

--- 帖子 #2020 ---
Okay ea programmers.  This should be even less work for your kind hearts cuz there's no 80/20 levels etc.

Target price could be the cross of the daily ma's.

--- 帖子 #2021 ---
TEB3?  I just got TEB1 coded!:

--- 帖子 #2022 ---
if there is a chat site for the teb system could someone tell me how I can join   thanks

--- 帖子 #2023 ---
yen looks promising, check 4H and 30M stochs... another 100 pips available?

R

--- 帖子 #2024 ---
I would still be a bit careful with the Yen

But the cable- euro, Cad, NZD, AUD

I think are all going to go against the USD-

The USD weekness has not changed

Thats my 2 pips.

TEB

--- 帖子 #2025 ---
Hey Teb,

Your teb 3 system looks really simple and effective but I'm only concerned about the time frame for myself........I was wondering if 1hr,4hr and Daily would work instead of 4hr,Daily and Weekly.

Thanks

Safe

--- 帖子 #2026 ---
TEB,

I am most greatful for everything you have shared. It has taken 5 days to read every post to this point. I might have been faster had I not been playing with each of the systems you have presented here. A sincere thanks to everyone else participating here as well.

It is very interesting that I have stumbled upon quite a few pips in the last few days. I'm starting to look like some kind of genius trader  . But of course my genius is only my ability to synthesize what is put before me. I certainly haven't created anything to date. However, I am having some fun looking at a merge of some of your systems with some old tools I have developed or been working with. Rest assured if I find something with some strong correlation I will not hesitate to share it with the rest of you.

Thanks again. And a special thanks to you coders out there who are swinging away at this. I beleive TEB is not keen on the automation, and I certainly understand. But until I have more money and time to sit at the screen and run this more like a full time business, I'm looking for every advantage I can to find entries and apply exit strategy updates when I'm away at my day job. I am learning to code myself and everything you folks present is real grist for my mill.

To that end, let me suggest that a complete EA is not always what we might be looking for. Some code that allows you to say, identify a trendline already placed on your chart with an offset, for a stop loss. Or maybe an EA that can recognize two lines as a channel for a stop loss and TP for an existing position... Of course we'd have to put a trade on with a magic number or provide an active (open) order number to make it work... and some object identifiers for the lines. At least that way you could manage a position with an EA while you had to be away. If you come back, and the position is still open you just turn off the EA and manage it on your own. Working in this way would lead you toward automating a full EA that recognizes channels you personally draw. Then all you have to do is add a component that recognizes the channels -- that's the easy part, right?  . But really, building a tool that applies rules for SL and TP on an existing position using channels we identify to it would allow me to keep a position open with a known self adjusting risk:reward while I'm away at work. I think most people would prefer that to closing a winning position or placing a stop loss, and it would allow you programmers to progress toward something more fully automated anyway.

That's much more than I intended to post. Sorry to those it bothers... I know you are out there. But I really appreciate what everyone has contributed. Thanks so very much.

Qman

--- 帖子 #2027 ---
Got a few pips from yen yesterday...

But it's quite difficult to draw a decent LT channel for yen. Using yen price movements from last 8 months only (!) produce a channel saying that it could still come down some 150 pips.

Dollar weekness was again shown in yesterdays us data. Strangely that had no effect on euro. Could that be a sign that euro still want's to drop another 100 pips to LT channel bottom? I would say yes.

R

--- 帖子 #2028 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

G/J day

TEB

--- 帖子 #2029 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

cable  hour

TEB

--- 帖子 #2030 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

4 hour cable

which way will it break

TEB

--- 帖子 #2031 ---
nondisclosure00 are you going to post your TEB1 EA?

--- 帖子 #2032 ---
It's here:
http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...postcount=1998

It's TEB2.  I skipped TEB1.  TEB1 is more open to your favorite choice of tool.

--- 帖子 #2033 ---
TEB3 buy Eur & Cable

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Eur/Usd day

blue line in week

pink arrow is day

black arrow is 4 hour comformation

TEB

--- 帖子 #2034 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Cable more of the same

TEB

--- 帖子 #2035 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Usd/Jpy day

"X" is out

TEB

--- 帖子 #2036 ---
Hi Guys

is any one playing with the TEB3

Is it working for any one?

TEB

--- 帖子 #2037 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Gold

this was the 1st trade

I used with this system & it has been great!!

TEB

--- 帖子 #2038 ---
I'm stuck with TEB2, stochs, channels, TL, fibs and some ma's, this way i know when to get in and when to get out. Have taken a look at TEB3, it looks to me a lot like TEB1. Thanks for sharing it with us though.

--- 帖子 #2039 ---
yes I am also still using TEB1 with channels

TEB

--- 帖子 #2040 ---
Moved to compare to signal line to determine direction.

--- 帖子 #2041 ---
Is the only exit still the 4hr (14,3,3). Thanks for the updated TEB EA, I will post my resaults for this weeks testing later today.

--- 帖子 #2042 ---
Thanks for the chart. What I would draw differently is the last big down move which you have captured to your channel only partially. So, let's hear your comments on this one...

R

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2043 ---
TEB,

Don't listen to the fool. Some people just don't get it, and never will.

Keep'em coming, TEB. Your systems with price action have been fanastic.

Thanks,

Jim

--- 帖子 #2044 ---
No one is placing a gun agaisnt your head and telling you to read someones's thread, unless you would like one placed...

Go from where you come and never come back.

--- 帖子 #2045 ---
He or she will be banned by the weekend. It's sad really.

Jim

--- 帖子 #2046 ---
judylim,

From Austrailia? Hmm... Your comments are vile. Your comments here are the only ones you've ever made at ForexFactory under this name? I wonder about your motivation... but only a little.

Let me hazard a guess though. I imagine you just learned a very hard lesson about money management. Probably put your whole account into a single trade... And lost... And now you have to find someone else to blame.

Enough already. Find a thread that can constructively address whatever your trading method shortfalls are. It's all about improving. It's all about letting go of that loser. If you can't let go, then you will always be a loser.

Run along now and find someplace to better yourself. You're wasting your breath here. We're all making money with TEB's systems. I'm really sorry for you if you didn't. Go find something that DOES work for you.

--- 帖子 #2047 ---
His first 4 posts are in this thread, now he is viewing http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=17011 , should get treatment soon.

Go find something that DOES work for you.[/quote]

--- 帖子 #2048 ---
Just a quick note. If you have a Troll come to visit. just press the magic triangle shaped button at the upper right and magically the Troll will disappear..  LOL

Moderator, have a great weekend

--- 帖子 #2049 ---
You can set the TF's, including which one to exit one.  If your forward testing, which is best, when you load the EA onto your chart, you'll get a window which will allow you to set the TF's.

--- 帖子 #2050 ---
Rocroy, on your charts you're using a lot of lines for your channels, could you please explain a little what is the principle of drawing them or it's just an indicator that does them for you automatically? Thnx.

--- 帖子 #2051 ---
Hi TEB,

Yeah - and I like it alot!  Presently backtracking on trades w/various pairs.

Looks real good!  Still confused tho whether I want to go W/D/4hr or D/4r/30

which also looks promising!

--- 帖子 #2052 ---
Has anyone seen this?  http://www.autochartist.com/

The name is a little mis-leading.  The only 'auto' in it is it's drawing of the lines.  It doesn't do any trading for you.  You still have to do all that.  It only draws the lines and alerts you.

I use it through Interbank FX and it's been quite successful in the alerts I have set up in it.

--- 帖子 #2053 ---
How about 4H/30/15 or any other combination that has 4H the high time frame?

--- 帖子 #2054 ---
I am only doing week, day, 4 hour

but the other may work as well, but I have not used it

TEB

--- 帖子 #2055 ---
136 pips on the Euro

--- 帖子 #2056 ---
TEB,

Where is your volume indicatory for GBP/USD coming from?  Is it ECN volume, or some sort of calculation?

Thanks,

Tom

--- 帖子 #2057 ---
The channel format is a part of a template that was originally developed for Orange Roshnan's SRDCII system (check the thread, lots of good stuff there). Much of the method is about channels and price movements in the channels.

The channel I've used is a Fib channel, and when the template is activated, the additional lines are automatically drawn in the channel.

You can use additional lines (or the four quartals) for openings. FOr instance, don't open a buy position if the price in topmost quartal during uptrend, even if other indicators like stochs would propose that. Or, whenever the lowest quartal is entered during uptrend, open a buy position.

Lines can also be used for exits, e.g. close half of your position when the middle line is crossed, and let the rest run.

The SRDCII method description contains a collection of rules that can be applied with the template.

R

Attached File(s)   SRDC_Level_II-V2.pdf

856 KB
|
2,699 downloads

Attached File(s)   srdc_level_ii_daily template.tpl

7 KB
|
474 downloads

--- 帖子 #2058 ---
MT4 has it on the platform

- but it's tick Vol not real Vol.

TEB

--- 帖子 #2059 ---
Hi Teb,

This is a copy of a recent trade using teb3 on a daily basis,and 4 hourly for signals. Love it.

Thanks for your input.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #2060 ---
Papertraded TEB3 on euro. Trading was started on 02/09/2007 when the weekly trend turned up and continued up till now. Used W/D/4hr TFs.

The potential of trading on daily chart was 1649 pips, of which TEB3 was able to capture 514 pips, about 30% of the potential. Montly average is about 85 pips.

The main problem of the system is that it reacts slowly to trend changes. If you only look at the MA lines and crosses, everything looks good, but in real life price may be far far away from the MA like in the example exit.

R

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2061 ---
R,

that's the same problem I ran into w/ it. What if, we used 1433 and 533 stoch for entry (or just one of them) then cross on the MA's that TEB uses in his TEB3 system for the exit?

Thoughts?

--- 帖子 #2062 ---
I agree with you on this

But

1. You don't need to get the whole move to win

2. The Ma & stoch idea I am also playing with (- !?)

3. TEB1 & channels is still my main system

4. TEB3 works as a second & when it works it works great

but you do have a lot of false hits

TEB

--- 帖子 #2063 ---
The message probably came out a bit too harsh. We need to keep in mind that TEB3 is a winning system, which requires only a small amount of effort to be run. Unlike many other systems presented in this forum, it is also explicit, and the results are repeatable. Applied to four main pairs, it is likely to give some 300-400 pips per month. Not bad at all...

I'm personally more fond of TEB2. When it is combined with channels (which can overcome TEB2 difficulties during strong, longlasting trends) the  results can be really good. Channels (or trendlines), when properly used, is imo the only indicator that is capable of really forecasting future price development. All the others are more or less documenting what has happened, ie what the price did.

The problem with channels is that they are subjective, and difficult to determine when trend is chaning. I'm still developing TEB2-channel rule set for my purposes.

R

--- 帖子 #2064 ---
i read this thread the past weekend and here is some feedback. Toay monday 6 aug the gbp/usd moved almost 100 pips before your signals were confirmed on 4hr and 30mins charts. You still would have made 20-40 pips nevertheless, but following this system one missed the bulk of the move. If you can find something to get u in the trade earlier then u wud have something workable here.

Best of luck with this system

ps....nothing beats price action...if you noticed the shooting star on the 4hr chart you would have made 120 pips already....but i assume u did since i also read that u like taking note of candlestick formations.....

--- 帖子 #2065 ---
Your goal shouldn't be to capture all the pips from all the moves, but to have confidence that once you're in a trade, you're gonna get it right. There is no systems in the galaxy that will capture all the market moves, not even price action itself.

--- 帖子 #2066 ---
TEB2 proposed two shorts, at 393 and 440. So, that gives you nice 233 pips, now that price is at 300. Trades are still open, and price is still coming down...

The problem with candle formations is that all depends how the price movements are allocated on the timescale. So, sometimes you can find a shooting star, sometimes not with same data but in different place on the timescale, and sometimes shooting star shoots up, sometimes down...

R

--- 帖子 #2067 ---
[quote=iandekoker;1525274]i read this thread the past weekend and here is some feedback. Toay monday 6 aug the gbp/usd moved almost 100 pips before your signals were confirmed on 4hr and 30mins charts. You still would have made 20-40 pips nevertheless, but following this system one missed the bulk of the move. If you can find something to get u in the trade earlier then u wud have something workable here.

Knowing this was a news release spike I was following it on the 30 min chart (and 15) just to see where it was going. I got in at 2.0390 on the opening of the second bear candle and rode it down to 2.0300. TEB3 has sure made me a happy camper! I am using TEB3 with 4hr/1hr/15 which is a little different from the original TEB3 strategy.  It just works well for me to have my time frames in 1/4 increments as I get a better feel for the trend.  But I will check frequently the 30 min for continued angle and seperation!  TEB has made me comfortable in my trading that no other strategy has ever done!

--- 帖子 #2068 ---
[quote=Flamenco143;1525892]
Flame,

Can you keep us up to date on how your trading goes?  I was thinking the same TF's as you are, but exiting on the 4hr.

thx!

--- 帖子 #2069 ---
[quote=nondisclosure00;1526052]
Flame

I also seriously consider exiting on the 4hr. Sometimes I would have had more pips getting out at a 1 hr crossover, other times at the 4 hr. Right now it's about/50/50 and the jury is still out.

There's of course more exits & re-entries with the 1 hr, but pips in the pocket is what it's all about. Probably it just boils down to what psychologically is comfortable for you.

The bottom line is once you have a winning strategy (which all of the TEB strategies are) with a good percentage of positive trades I have reached the conclusion that the # of pips gained on one over the other may be irrelevant!  Splitting hairs can drive you crazy!  I can tell you that I originally started trading with 1 lot - and now I enter with 3 lots per trade.  My account is growing better now than it has done in the past 3 years!

'Trading Naked' (no indicators - other than EMA's) wound up to be the smartest move I ever made!  With TEB's systems fear and greed no longer rear their ugly heads and determine when I pull the trigger and when I exit.  Actually, the forex has become fun, something I have'nt experienced in a long time!

--- 帖子 #2070 ---
So TEB, in this system, the candle that your working off of on the week chart is the current candle, not the last one formed, right?

--- 帖子 #2071 ---
always the last one formed.

(if its really really late in the week you might cheet a little

but you have to be careful because sometimes on friday you can have a big pull back)

TEB

--- 帖子 #2072 ---
[quote=Flamenco143;1526079]

take 1/2 on the 4 hour cross & let the other 1/2 ride if you like.

I get in when the 4 hour confirms

but normally lets it ride till the day crosses against me

unless its a big win ( like a 100-120 pip) a then  I take 1/2

TEB

--- 帖子 #2073 ---
How do you use the 15M chart for entering, or is it necessary to check that at all?

R

[quote=Flamenco143;1526079]

--- 帖子 #2074 ---
I hear what you say about not catching all the pips but loosing out on almost 40-100 pips is the same as sitting down for dinner but eating only leftovers....

And if you get into a trade too late u risk being part of the group called "Buy on greed, Sell on fear".... meaning by the time you enter the market the big boys are already taking profits....so the market goes against you.....something most part time traders get caught up in on a regular basis.

ps.....with price action i managed to capture 537 pips yesterday...it could have been much more but i am contend on taking 20-30 pips on the minor currencies

--- 帖子 #2075 ---
Maybe u didnt now study candlesticks properly or your mentor did not show you how to recognize candlestick formations.

If you look at gbp/usd 4hr chart on monday 6 aug around 12:00 then you will see a nice little hammer followed by a bullish engulfment. that trade would have given you close to 244 pips depending on where u entered.

Eur/jpy. had the exact same formation that would have given u around 161 pips depending where u entered.

Usd/jpy gave you the 3 white soldiers formation...offering 116 pips.

Nzd/jpy had the exact same formation offering you 167 pips.

Aud/jpy had the same formation offering 115 pips.

Usd/cad and Eur/cad and eur/aud had nice bearish engulfments offering between 50 and 100 pips each

Eur/chf has a bullish engulfment offering 50plus pips

Yesterday was a very easy trading day in which you could have made LOTS of pips by just following basic candlestick formations as presented on the 4hr charts.

If i may be so blunt....see if you can find someone trading candlesticks successfully...and sit next to him while he is trading....a whole NEW WORLD will open up to you

anyway candlesticks are not the topic of this thread....i wish u all good trading

--- 帖子 #2076 ---
Sorry about the too provocative ending in my previuos mail

I am familiar with formations (e.g. in James16 group), but they are simply not for me. If they work for you, great.

R

--- 帖子 #2077 ---
I think you mean there was a bearish engulfing pattern yesterday on GBPUSD, unless the time on your chart is significantly different from mine as yesterdays move was down.

G-Man

--- 帖子 #2078 ---
[quote=Rocroy;1526612]How do you use the 15M chart for entering, or is it necessary to check that at all?

I only look at the 15 & sometimes the 5 when I am following what's going on with prices right after major new's releases (other than the NFP).  It gives me a chance to possibly get in on some nice pip moves as long as there are nice 'incrimental' moves and no severe spiking. They show up on the smaller time frames.

Otherwise I am happy with the 4/30 (and I'll keep my eye on the 1hr just for giggles)

And like you, chart patterns are not my cup of tea.  I go bonkers waiting for a "Dark Cloud Cover" or a 'Harami' or 'Shooting Star' to show up!  I'll take MMA's anyday, whether it's Guppy, Cornflower, or TEB3, which of course is my favorite because it's nice and simple AND IT WORKS!

--- 帖子 #2079 ---
at 04:00 there was a shooting star confirmed by the bearish engulfment at 08:00 on IFX charts

--- 帖子 #2080 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

GbpUsd 4 hour

But lots of interst rate stuff today

TEB

--- 帖子 #2081 ---
iandekoker, that is only true if you're too late. one trader once said that you don't want to come to the party the first one, and you don't want to be late to the party either, so the perfect way is to be there in the middle. just another view, it all depends on what sort of a  person you are, risk lover or risk averse. from my own experience i can say that always trying to be there first is riskier than waiting for confirmation.

--- 帖子 #2082 ---
Hey TEB, did you used to trade other items before trading FX?

--- 帖子 #2083 ---
Many signals today with the TEB2 method. Also the exits were in line with the exit rules.

Many thanks to TEB and others for all their efforts.

I reached the conclusion that this system is as good as it gets in the FX world

--- 帖子 #2084 ---
hey serio...what time frames are you using for TEB2?

--- 帖子 #2085 ---
Could not agree more...

A LOT of pips today...   six trades, shorted all majors and eurjpy and gbpjpy

R

--- 帖子 #2086 ---
I use 4H and 30m. Also sometimes I see at the daily but my main tool is the 4H and the trigger is the 30m.

It is exactly as TEB said. There are times when you can cheat a bit (i.e. when not both stochs cross on the 30m) and still make money but if someone follows the rules it is good as it gets ( I said that yesterday but i truly believe it and I trade the FX for a bit over 2 years now).

In addition, spend some time (5-10 mins) before you start trading and try to spot the 4H channels. Every day there will be definetely 2-3 pairs that form decent 4H channels (by decent I mean at least 2 tops and 2 bottoms). When you find them, use them. It is almost a crime for somebody not to use the 4H channels when spotted.

--- 帖子 #2087 ---
hey sertio thanks for the reply. When you say you can cheat a bit, can you show me a chart? if they don't need to cross, what do you use as the trigger? a candlestick or some formation?

with regards to the 4hr channel, do you use it with teb2?

thanks.

--- 帖子 #2088 ---
I mean when the 5.3.3 crosses on the 4H but the 14.3.3 has not completely crossed (cheating). But you should be almost sure than the cross is about to happen. Yes, always candlesticks are a great tool to use, especially if the second cross is about to happen. And not any advanced techniques, just the basics (bullish/bearish engulfment, hammers etc)

Yes I use the 4H channel with the TEB2. The 4H channel should always be used with all systems not just TEB2. Imo is the one of the best available tools

--- 帖子 #2089 ---
I am new to forex and right now just have practice account.  Will this work in 3hr interval?  My software only lets me choose this or 1hr, 15 min, 5 min, 1 min.  Could you let me know.

Many thanks,

K

--- 帖子 #2090 ---
hi TEB,

thanks for sharing this nice method...1,2 & 3 all of them are great!

*

if anybody can make the TEB3 MA cross alert (line) for weekly & daily cross this should be great...so that we only wait at H4 to pull the trigger...no need to switch timeframe.

thanks!

--- 帖子 #2091 ---
You're right.... candlesticks are not the topic of this thread.  And just because some guy named Nisson wrote a book about random candlestick formations and dressed it up by saying Japanese used it to predict rice markets is meaningless.

Candlesticks without volume is pure luck.  Show us all your failing candlestick patterns while you gloat of their successes.

--- 帖子 #2092 ---
I couldn't agree more!

--- 帖子 #2093 ---
hi dear friends

whould u please tell me in which page i can find the complete rules an possible indicators related to this system?

thx

--- 帖子 #2094 ---
TEB1 is at the beginning of this thread

Teb 2 is @ http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=20975

I don't remember where TEB3 is at, but most are using either TEB1 or TEB2

--- 帖子 #2095 ---
I don't know where you have your demo account but it seems limited in the chart platform from your description.  Many traders/investors use Metatrader4 platform.  One place you can download one is from Alpari as an example:
http://www.alpari-idc.ru/en/metatrader/

Since you're a newbie I suggest strongly you start using a charting platform that gives you more advantages than seemingly your present one does such as the ability to download and paste various custom indicators you will frequently find here in the FF.

Perhaps others will have suggestions for you as well.  The Forex is difficult as is without making it harder by not having a good charting platform.

--- 帖子 #2096 ---
If you've got a day job and can't look at the charts all day, TEB3 is good for that.  http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...postcount=2013

--- 帖子 #2097 ---
how is everybody doing with the TEB systems? Im doing very well with TEB2, I havent tried the other 2

--- 帖子 #2098 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

G/U Day

will it hold?

TEB

--- 帖子 #2099 ---
Hello everybody...

Very nice systems Teb! Thank you for your ideas.

For now i'm playng whith Teb3 system and it look very promising. (just made 300+ pips on AUD/USD in about 3 days).

Teb3 is the right system for me because  i dont  need  to  watch  it  permanently. (I have limited time to watch the market)

Thanks again Teb !

Maybe someone can write an EA for Teb3 system? It seem much easier to program than Teb2 and Teb1.

--- 帖子 #2100 ---
Yep, euro is turning (look at the latest data, and more importantly, the channel), and cable will follow. It may take a few days but I'd say we'll go north. Yen is an interésting case, any comments on that? Is it turning with euro and cable?

R

--- 帖子 #2101 ---
Already did. Forward testing now. But I've got to admit, an EA for TEB3 is almost pointless. The TF's are large enough that you can eyeball it in the morning before you go to work and then once again before you go to bed.

BTW, I've got 400+ pips on U/J since 8/14 and it's still running.

--- 帖子 #2102 ---
Hey nondisclosure, which system are you using? I like teb3, but I find that teb1 can get you into the trades a little earlier just using the same timeframes  as teb3. what I like about teb3 though is that it has a better measure of how to stay in the trade. once those two MA's are separated, thats a good indication to stay in the trade.

--- 帖子 #2103 ---
TEB3. TEB1 is more of a guideline w/ some examples of which 'tools' you could use. Which set in his examples are you using for entry?

Yeah, I took my U/J at 404 pips.  Would have had more if I would have held on.

--- 帖子 #2104 ---
I'll admit that I haven't read this entire thread, but have read a large portion of it.  I was wondering what people are using as their stop loss for TEB3.  I've just been back paper trading it (3 years, from 2003 to present) and while it has done quite well, I'm concerned about the large stop loss.  The original design stated a 50pip stop loss.  When I set my stop loss at 50 pips, trades don't last past the first day (testing the EUR/USD).  A stop loss setting of 200 pips will allow the trades to come to fruition, but that is quite larger than the originally stated SL of 50 pips.  My question is for those who are using TEB3 to make live trades.  What are your SLs?  When carrying a trade for a couple weeks, I find that my SLs have to be quite large.

THanks,

Mike

--- 帖子 #2105 ---
I've been using 50 w/ entry and exit on the daily.

I'm not sure why your having problems.  Espicially w/ all USD pairs.  W/ the US stock market in such wicked flux, most of the USD pairs have been tanking (I've been making some good pips on this trend w/ the EA).

Post some charts of some orders that went against you and lets see what's going on.

--- 帖子 #2106 ---
Actually, you're right... I just didn't have my parameters set right.  I wasn't actually looking at the 4-hour for confirmation.  I simply waited for agreement between weekly and daily and then pulled the trigger.  I've redone the analysis in a little bit of a different way, and the system seems to be wonderfully profitable!

Thanks!

--- 帖子 #2107 ---
I looked at TEB 1 when it was posted but didn't progress with it. I recently came across TEB 3 and a quick inspection has sparked an huge interest in its possibilities.

Can someone familiar/experienced (TEB63 ?) with this method confirm a few details please?

The chart indicators are simply: a SMA 4 Close (blue) and a SMA 5 Open(red).

CHart 1 (weekly)

An MA cross here gives the trend direction.

Q Does this trend remain valid ('hold') until the opposite cross?

Q When the MA slopes deteriorate does this also indicate the end of the trend?

CH2 (daily)

This chart is where trading is done. A cross of the MAs in the same direction as the trend on CH1 indicates a possible entry (pink arrow).

Q Exit is indicated by a reverse cross? (pink 'X')

CH3 (4 hour)

Is used for confirmation. An MA cross here in the same direction confirms the entry seen on CH2.

Q Should the confirmation cross occur AFTER the entry cross on CH2 or does it not matter?

Additions and 50% TPs are possible at new H4 crosses or turns -Q as long as the CH2 trend continues?

My initial tests on various charts shows big possibilities for TEB 3. Most of the pairs I've looked at seem to work very well but does anyone have any recommendations which pairs to use?

R

--- 帖子 #2108 ---
Same here, I'm using TEB2 (4H, 30M) with channels, and the system is working fine. Today three trades (cable, yen, cad) have given 150 pips sofar (yen is still open). I'm happy with this one!

R

--- 帖子 #2109 ---
I've been forward testing TEB2 for about a month now...with sucess.  Thanks TEB!

Just wondering what people are using for SL on the 4h/30m or 1h/5m TEB2.

I've used a fixed SL of 15 pips on EUR/USD 1h/5m and it seems to be working for me.  How about everyone else?

--- 帖子 #2110 ---
nondisclosure,

I have searched all pages of the thread after the introduction of TEB3 but can't find its EA. Could you please upload the one you are testing?

--- 帖子 #2111 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

GU 4 hour teb2

TEB

--- 帖子 #2112 ---
TEB

Just to compare to your chart, this is my chart based on TEB3 using 4hour/1hour/15 minute. Trading on the 1 hour.

I'd like to hear you comments and please post other charts if possible

How do you exit?

R

--- 帖子 #2113 ---
Can I have the template pls. TQ

--- 帖子 #2114 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

GU 15

TEB3 4 hour 1 hour 15 mins

It works find - good work!!

TEB

--- 帖子 #2115 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

EC 15

etc

TEB

--- 帖子 #2116 ---
I'm a newbie and I'm a bit confused.

Which does it work better?

Teb1, Teb2 or Teb3 (D-4H-30M or 4H-1H-15M).

Thank you in advance.

--- 帖子 #2117 ---
I think anything will work fine in this current market.  The question is how does TEB3 work with those timeframes in a choppy market?  Try backtesting it in a market like the first 3 quarters of 2004...

--- 帖子 #2118 ---
just aside note about candles.

Only take a trade with the candle

use it as a filter.

Ie on my charts

green is up candle

black is down candle

Red candle is a Doji

Only take up trades with a green candle

down with a black candle

red candle can tell you a change is coming

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

TEB

--- 帖子 #2119 ---
TEB2

4 hour & 30 mins

But I have also been using the 5 mins to confirm

of late & its working great.

TEB

--- 帖子 #2120 ---
I think you are right ..

that is in a chop you had better have good MM!!!

I like it better on

week & day

or

day & 4 hours

TEB

--- 帖子 #2121 ---
with the markets going the wrong way the last few weeks

I have been studing more then trading

& I believe you are right

The best system on this whole talk board

& the best of the TEB systems is the TEB2

ie.  4 hour & 30 min is good

Day & 4 hour is also good

& if you add channels it really is a greaqt system!!
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

EUR/USD 30

TEB

--- 帖子 #2122 ---
I agree with you TEB,

I believe TEB2 is the best, I also believe that 4H channels are a great tool to watch and use

--- 帖子 #2123 ---
where is the TEB2 system ?? i didnt find it ...can anybody tell?

--- 帖子 #2124 ---
im also reading hear to learn about the TEB. I think you can look up here
http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...postcount=1207

--- 帖子 #2125 ---
about TEB1

when to draw the line ?

once crossing in 4h chart , draw line immediately , or wait 4h bar closed ,then to draw the line on 30min chart?

--- 帖子 #2126 ---
Guys, how do you actually use channels?

Here is one way I use channel info. The channel here is pointing up, and it sometimes happens that stochs on 4H chart do not show when the trend (here downtrend - the thick red line) changes. For instance in this example you could not draw the last thick green line using 4H stochs, they both stay well above 20, and you would miss the next upmove.

So, I check the 1H chart and if both stochs on that chart visit under 20 like here, I take that as a signal that the trend is up, and start opening buy positions based on 30M chart. Especially, if the price is near channel borders. In this way I ease up the TEB2 rules a little, depending on the channel direction.

Note that this 1H stoch lows near the earlier down channel upper boundary also indicates the end for this channel.

R

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2127 ---
I agree, most of "systems" (> 95% ?) in this forum are pure waste of time, they either perform poorly, they are too ad-hoc, too complicated, not really tested etc.

Once again, thanks TEB.

R

--- 帖子 #2128 ---
TEB,

Could u post ur TEB2 systems here? what we should do on 4h & 30min charts by ur system?

i'am confused

many thanks

--- 帖子 #2129 ---
A FAILER SIGNAL (G /U)?

any comment is welcome .  how to filter this one?

--- 帖子 #2130 ---
im  new to the TEB system, but not new o trading.

for me, i never would enter in a range or consolidation like you dit. for me, i would wait till it breaks out and marks a trend

--- 帖子 #2131 ---
ranging market today but still i dont see the wrong signal, what signal did you get? long? what time exactly?

--- 帖子 #2132 ---
On my 1H chart there is a stoch down signal (the red thich line) early this morning, and if you are using 15M chart as a shorter timeframe, then later on a sell signal on that 15M chart, which sofar would have given you some 25 pips. Note that when stochs are on the longer timeframe pointing down, you should only open SELL positions on shorter tf.

So no false signals imo.

R

Attached Image

--- 帖子 #2133 ---
Hey nondisclosure00 could you upload your Teb3 EA?

It is working on smaller time frames? Ex. 4h/1h/15min?

Thanks!

--- 帖子 #2134 ---
I am new to this thread and don't have much experience using stochastics. Because of time constraints, I am working on a strategy trading primarily the Day Chart.

I am comparing TEB3 using Week Day 4H and TEB2 using Day 4H. The TEB2 often gets you into the trade earlier and TEB3 keeps you in the trade longer. So, I'm thinking of combining the two. TEB2 for entry and TEB3 for exit.

I'm not quite clear on the rules of TEB2 with 533 and 1433 Stochastics. I assume you're looking not only for crossovers of the K and D lines but also the lines (or just the K line) crossing above/below the 20/80 levels. Am I correct?

Also, what are the rules concerning approaching overbought/oversold territory? I notice that many of the good moves on the Day Chart begin when stochastics are very close to overbought/oversold condition.  Sometimes the 533 is overbought/oversold when the move begins.

Sorry for the basic questions. Is anybody trying to use TEB2 for entry and TEB3 for exit?

--- 帖子 #2135 ---
hello chazbo:

I like the idea of combining 2 and 3, let us know of your findings

Personally i trade the TEB2

to answer your questions: It is better for the lines to cross the overbought/oversold areas when they cross, this is a strong signal.

It is even stronger if all of the crosses happen approximately the same time (4H and 30m).

However I still trade (observing 4H channels and candles) if the crosses do not take place in the overbought/sold territories and it is still profitable.

Hope it helps

--- 帖子 #2136 ---
I'm finalizing some testing on it.  Should be ready soon.

It won't work on smaller TF's becuase I haven't put in code to stay out of the markets during consolidation or MA crosses.  Not so much of an issue at the big TF's as it is on the smaller ones.

--- 帖子 #2137 ---
i enter trade time 8.27 10:30 (FXDD TIME)

--- 帖子 #2138 ---
I want to say first how refreshing it was to come across this post. I for one am absolutely sick of MA crossovers, ultra-complex systems, and the 5,000 indicators that usually go along with them. My hats off to TEB. I was wondering when you guys get a signal to go long do you wait for the BREAK of the previous high/low or do you just take the signals as they arise? Is there a fixed tp and sl?

--- 帖子 #2139 ---
I take them as they come.  SL at 50, no TP; let it ride, exit when you think you should or wait for cross.  TS of 25.

--- 帖子 #2140 ---
Thanks dude for the quik response. I am having one small problem. TEB talks about an e-book in his other posts. I haven't been able to find it. Im still looking though however if you could point me in the right direction that would be greatly appreciated. With your entry and exit rules how well do you do? How long have you been trading the method? Is it real or demo? Thanks again nondisclosure00.

And although this is off topic I love your pic dude, thats my favorite movie.

"And now I will relieve you, the little people from your useless and pathetic lives.."

"My face on the one dollar bill"

--- 帖子 #2141 ---
I love the movie too.  I like the quote he has when he's on his float tossing money.  "Who do ya trust .... ?"

I don't think TEB got the eBook out yet.  But I'm not sure.  I've been hanging in this thread for some time and haven't seen it yet.

Using his system, trading manually, I've done pretty good.  One month and a half, went from 10,000USD to about 35,000USD.  Should point out that in that time I only played USD pairs and the USD was tanking at the time.  So I think those results might be skewed.  So I'm testing new now.

But it's pretty good.  I like simple systems.

--- 帖子 #2142 ---
Hey non thanks again for responding so quik. I meant to ask before, what TF/TFs do you prefer to take your trades in? I would greatly appreciate knowing.

--- 帖子 #2143 ---
TEB3, I follow the system strictly, 4H/D/W while taking and closing the trades in D.

Anything else, I typically use 1H/4H/D while taking and closing on the 4H.

I trade TEB3 almost exclusively because I like the wide TF's.  I like them because a) I still have a day job and b) consolidation and fast crosses are less likely to happen as in smaller TF's.

--- 帖子 #2144 ---
I have been looking at something with regards to the teb 1 and the teb 3. basically teb3 is a different form of teb1 but using MA's. I am seeing so far that the stoch's seem to signal a trade earlier than the MA's. I am thinking about a hybrid of both systems and I wanted to know what you guys thought. I was thinking about using stochs for entry and to watch the MA's for signs to stay in or exit a trade. here is my rational. stochs during a downtrend will move up and down between 0 and 100 where as the MA's will generally keep pointing down if there is a downtrend. Hence I feel that the MA's are a better indicator for staying with a trade and therefore I am thinking of using it combined with teb 1 or teb 2.

what u guys think?

D'oh.....just read chazbo 3071's post and he thinking exactly what I am thinking LOL. been away from the forums too long lol.

--- 帖子 #2145 ---
LOL.  You have been away a while.  I asked TEB about that sometime ago.  He was thinking about it too.

I would still use the TEB3 timeframes w/ D1 the entry and exit.  What about 1433 and 533 Stoch's?  Haven't mapped them yet to my charts and compared to orders, but just a thought.

--- 帖子 #2146 ---
. man oh man. been trying to take it easy. need to catch up on my reading. when you say that you want to use the teb3 and using the daily as the entry/exit how does that work? I thought you would use the 4h as the entry/exit. I am a little lost.

thanks.

--- 帖子 #2147 ---
No prob.  I could try to explain it, but I wouldn't do anywhere's near of a good job as TEB does in explaining it.  Here's the link: http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...postcount=2013

Manually, it works great.  Because even though the rules are met, maually you wouldn't get into a trade if there was consolidation and/or a cross happening.

--- 帖子 #2148 ---
can u post TEB2 ?

--- 帖子 #2149 ---
It's in this thread, somewhere.

--- 帖子 #2150 ---
hey nondisclosure, I have read that already but am a little confused though. the 4h is only for confirmation? I thought the premise was to use the 4h to enter. oh well, i guess you just make sure that the 4h and Daily are in the same direction.

--- 帖子 #2151 ---
you can start at Page 89 #1322

--- 帖子 #2152 ---
thanks!

--- 帖子 #2153 ---
Hey nondisclosure

Thanks for the link to Autochartist. A very neat piece of software. I subscribed to the 21 day free trial. I'm thinking about taking their course.

--- 帖子 #2154 ---
In the system, you need all 3 to line up.  But you enter/exit on daily.  It allows for big profits and small losses.

Am I remembering correctly in that you were looking at using another w/ the MA's on TEB3? If so, hows that going?

--- 帖子 #2155 ---
No problem.  When I'm trading channels, they've had a pretty good record.  I use them when I do because I can't draw good channels.:

--- 帖子 #2156 ---
I bought cable @ 2.0166

TEB

--- 帖子 #2157 ---
I bought E/U @ 1.3630

TEB

--- 帖子 #2158 ---
I’m always blown away by these guys who say they’ve read thru this thread over the weekend or three times since last Thurs. It’s surely taken me several weeks of pretty dedicated work to get thru. At times I’ve wondered if I would ever catch up? But I think I learned something every day. For now I just wanted to say, thanks, everybody, and especially TEB63!

--- 帖子 #2159 ---
hello teb,

what teb systm had the buy signal?

Im still reading all your postings and try to find a System that works for me.

Im not shure TEB1 TEB2 or TEB3.I like TEB1, the trendlines and TEB2 the 2 stochs H4 and M30

My chart , should be TEB2

--- 帖子 #2160 ---
TEB2  4 hour 30 mins (& 5 mins)

--- 帖子 #2161 ---
G/U 2 of 4 lots closed @ 2.0196

for about 40 pips

TEB

--- 帖子 #2162 ---
Hi Teb,

Can you post a chart of your post?

Thanks,

Guess

--- 帖子 #2163 ---
closed the last 2 lots of G/U@ 2.0196

as well

TEB

--- 帖子 #2164 ---
Teb you make this look easy, everytime I try, on demo of course... I seem to get burnt a bit and thank god it is demo!

Ok check this out...

First line:

Where the cross happened on a day - wait for the cross right, or can you take before day bar is closed out?

Second line:

Start looking at next day?

Third line:

4 hour cross confirmed, waiting for 4 hour bar to be closed like above?

Fourth line:

30 min crossed, when bar closed take next trade

5th line:

Take trade?

I got burnt, is this the correct way?!?!

Thanks

Guess

--- 帖子 #2165 ---
I think you have to many

use only 2 or 3 time frames

don't use the day

the 4 hour & 30min is great

or the day & 4 hour

is even better

TEB

--- 帖子 #2166 ---
I closed 4 lots of  E/U @1.3627 for a 5 pips lose

Done for the day

TEB

--- 帖子 #2167 ---
Aud/Usd TEB2

Week & day is a buy @.8220

TEB

--- 帖子 #2168 ---
Aud/Usd closed @.8247

TEB

--- 帖子 #2169 ---
Hi Teb,

Thanks for all your help so far. I am not clear about this trade and I have a few questions. Attached is my 30min chart.

1. Did you buy at the same point on my chart?

2. What method did you use for the exit? 533 cross on 4hr? If so, on my chart, close of the 4hr bar that crossed was 2.0180. Still a profit, but not as good as yours. Which is why I want to make sure I understand you correctly.

3. Is your 40(30)pip profit per lot or total for 2 lots.

4. 4hr, 30min (&5min). I know you stated earlier that you use the 5min as an alternative entry. Do you use it instead of the 30min or do they both have to line up?

5. Do you use an EMA for 'pip room' with TEB2?

Thanks again.

DeMac

--- 帖子 #2170 ---
Hi Demac,

I am having the same issue with understanding this as well, even though I have read up on this thread and like the system.

My take on this, when the 4 hour crosses - wait for the 4 hour to close, filter through to 30 mins and wait for the 30 minute to cross in the same direction and then on the next bar take the trade, can anyone confirm this?

Thanks,

Guess

--- 帖子 #2171 ---
That's the way I understand it as well.  Which is why I am confused as to how TEB bought cable @ 2.0166 and closed @ 2.0196. I must be missing something.

DeMac

--- 帖子 #2172 ---
Different brokers?

--- 帖子 #2173 ---
Don't think that is the case. The difference is too large. He made 30pips, I made 7. We must have entered/exited at different points.

Also, I remember him stating he used FXDD for charts. So do I.

--- 帖子 #2174 ---
I think Teb will be able to clear this up for us?

--- 帖子 #2175 ---
I am buying (TEB2 @ 4 hour & 30 mins{5min})

E/U @ 1.3610

&

cable @ 2.0140

TEB

--- 帖子 #2176 ---
the difference is that you do not have always to wait for the 4h to close and then move to 30m.

Another thing i want to add. There are times that the 4H is crossed up and the 30m is crossed down. when the 30 crosses up again and the 4h is the same it is still a very good signal.+

Also this method applies much better to the European session and the overlapping of European and US session. especially now that yen crosses are affected by the DOW and NASDAQ

Hope it helps

--- 帖子 #2177 ---
Teb,

If you don't mind, can you post a chart for this cable trade. I think it would be very helpful.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #2178 ---
I knew he'd have an answer, I'm sitting with a smug smile on me face!

Legend Teb, cheers...

Ok I think I finally get this system... 4 hour cross does not have close, move onto 30mins and then onto the 5 mins, all going in the right direction... bang!

Teb?!?

--- 帖子 #2179 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

cable 4 hour

( not sure why it is posting so small -- sorry)

TEB

--- 帖子 #2180 ---
Not sure what happen?

its where I got it???

(But I was not buying on FXDD but oanda)

Where was the euro was it close...)

TEB

--- 帖子 #2181 ---
closing all day trades

Trades I had on & all wins

Eur 2 trades with 16 & 40 pips

cable 3 trades with 22 & 26 & 46

Good night

TEB

--- 帖子 #2182 ---
LOL TEB again got it

--- 帖子 #2183 ---
Actually the original TEB2 didnt' mention anything about 5 min. I guess its something new by TEB

--- 帖子 #2184 ---
I use the 5 min to get in

then the 30 min &4  hour are already right

but I missed the cross...

so I use it to get in after the 1st sign.

I also keep an eye on it when I get in normal

if it's way off I may rethink getting in .

But I still mostly just watch the 4 hour & 30 min.

TEB

--- 帖子 #2185 ---
It is safer to wait till it closes

It needs to be 3 hours in atleast in to the 4 hours.

But I think a bigger problem might me diff. brokers

use diff times so the candles close at diff times.

TEB

--- 帖子 #2186 ---
Yep I think thats another issue, what broker do you use Teb?

--- 帖子 #2187 ---
When we're talking about crossing on TEB2, are we talking about Main crossing w/ signal or the 2 stoch's main crossing?

--- 帖子 #2188 ---
teb63,

using TEB3, would you stay out of this pair?

--- 帖子 #2189 ---
hey teb, if you are using the TEB2 system, how often do you have to check your trades? do you have to babysit them?

thanks.

--- 帖子 #2190 ---
Short term buys

Cable @ 2.0235

E/U @ 1.3688

TEB

--- 帖子 #2191 ---
yes

--- 帖子 #2192 ---
4 hour & 30 min yes ( esp. if I am using 5 mins)

the 4 hour & day not so much

the day & week not really at all

TEB

--- 帖子 #2193 ---
Using TEB1, how can i filter a trade when stoch stocks at oversold or overbought. kindly check my screenshot

--- 帖子 #2194 ---
closing all trades @

2.0296 cable

1.3748 E/U

TEB

--- 帖子 #2195 ---
you always go one time frame up

teb

--- 帖子 #2196 ---
Hi Teb,

What size stop did you use for cable? Between your entry and exit, cable on oanda went down to  2.0161 (74 pips from your entry). Did you exit and re-enter?

For your cable exit @  2.0296 did you use a 5min cross? 30min cross was much lower. 4hr hasn't crossed yet. Do you exit using a smaller timeframe after a big move?

DeMac

--- 帖子 #2197 ---
on the out-- Don't get greedy!!!

I added a lot every 25 pips down on both pairs!

NFP -- normal rules don't mean anything

TEB

--- 帖子 #2198 ---
Hey TEB, did you use TEB2 to justify this trade?

Also, since you have gone back to TEB2, have you changed anything with regards to stop losses?

I would love if you have some time, to take us through an average day of yours. it would surely give us better insight into how you trade and employ your strategies. thanks again for helping us out teb.

peace

--- 帖子 #2199 ---
Hi one and all

Been playing with some Ideas

on is with the TEB2

if you put a 25 & 50 ems on a 4 hour chart

& may not need day chart

I did taken this from an other tread

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

TEB

--- 帖子 #2200 ---
How do you use the emas?  Do they tell you the longer term trend?  i.e. Blue above Red, then you're looking long

--- 帖子 #2201 ---
Blue is up Red is down ... which ever is on top is the trend!!

works better om the day chart of course

TEB

--- 帖子 #2202 ---
I have been viewing this thread for the last week. Can someone give me a brief description of TEB1 TEB2 and TEB3? I tried to read as many pages as I could but there are way too many. Any help would be greatly appreciated.

--- 帖子 #2203 ---
But if you don't look at the 4 hour chart for your triggers, what TF are you looking at for confirmations.

--- 帖子 #2204 ---
Hi one and all

I have a wild week this week & very little time

so I am going to try something - its an old trading system

(its the VERY VERY Very OLD "traders big foot system" )

but its very very a simple & it works well

7 ems open (red) & 3ema closed (blue)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Blue is up red is down

I will be working on the day chart for trend
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

blue line up trend

red line down trend

& 4 hour chart for signals
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

blue is from day chart

arrow is up trend

"X" is out

3 lots per trade

Sl will be 100 - or if the 4 hour crosses back

Tp 1/3 at 50 1/3 @ 100

1/3 when it crosses bach

when it gets to 50 pips & 100 pips I will move my stop lose up

if I can not watch it I might just put a 50 M/S on it

I will be trading E/U, G/U, U/Ch, U/C, A/U, NZ/U, U/J, E/J, E/Ch, E/G, C/J

extra eyes this week would be good ... does anyone want to give it a try!?

TEB

--- 帖子 #2205 ---
2 other things

1. I will also be watching Candles on both the 4 hour & the day charts

esp. big tails
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

2. if we have a big run on the 4 hour & want to find a place to enter into a trade

-I might well use 5.3.3 stoch in the normal manner.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

TEB

--- 帖子 #2206 ---
so TEB this system has nothing to do with the succesful TEB systems?

Are they used in conjusction??

--- 帖子 #2207 ---
I dont understand how you get the multiple timeframes on one chart?

How do you get the thick and thin blue lines?

I load the TEB system and the TPL and it just gives me 1 stoch set and now blue lines

sorry newbie

--- 帖子 #2208 ---
I think its going to be a good trading night!!

TEB

--- 帖子 #2209 ---
You start with the day chart draw the line

then move down to the 4 hour if you have a MT4

the line will remain

got to go

TEB

--- 帖子 #2210 ---
No I have had a great month already

& I have a lot of personal stuff going on

so I have Very very little time this week

so I am using this system which is as easy as it gets

and a change is as good as a rest

Got to go

TEB

--- 帖子 #2211 ---
What is the difference then between TEB3 and the one you just posted? Can't you just use daily/4hr with TEB3?

--- 帖子 #2212 ---
Am I correct in saying you check day chart move to the most recent stoch cross and draw a line red or blue line to indicate either up or down stoch cross then you move to 4 hour do the same then you move to 30min and start putting in buys or sells on every stochcross that agrees with the 1day and 4 hour direction stoch cross untill the 1 day or 4 hour change direction then you sell?...........................

What are the blue arrows you get are they part of the system or are you manually drawing them onto the graph also?

If anyone could clarify what is ment by the timeframe lines crossing I dont understand that because they are manually drawn on lines they dont move they are just static.

Sorry for all the questions but i really want to try this method and cant get my head around whats being said.

--- 帖子 #2213 ---
today I play with teb2 ( H4/M30)

and I get STOPLOSS ON u/j , my short positon is marked on chart ( I use fxdd )

any comment and help is welcome. I don't know whether I did something wrong

--- 帖子 #2214 ---
any one do can share his experience of using TEB2 :

something like win rate  , SL and TP  TS , and some addition filter , and how to filter some false signal

--- 帖子 #2215 ---
thank your comment

and I looked your chart  , after thick red line ,there is positon to enter short ( the 533 1433 cross  ),why did you enter with this signal and wait  till thin red line?

--- 帖子 #2216 ---
Hi there,

TEB might have additional comments to this, but imo the idea is to identify the long term trend using a slower timeframe (like a 4H chart where you insert a thick green or red line as the trend on that TF changes), and then move to faster TF (1H) and pick up there the spots where the trend changes to the direction of the slower TF. In this way we make sure that we are trading with the trend, not against it, trying to minimize risk and maximising the profit.

So, if on 4H TF the trend is down, you place sell positions, when the stochs on 1H have been over 80 and fall again below that limit. If you get in too early, like in the example you show, there is a high risk that the price still continues to move against you, as stochs have not reached the desired (overbought) value.

R

--- 帖子 #2217 ---
Great system

--- 帖子 #2218 ---
Is anyone using the 4hr/30 min stoch system? How consistent is the system for you?

--- 帖子 #2219 ---
Someone around here asked for a posting of all 3 of the TEB systems.  I could post TEB1 and TEB3, but I don't have TEB2.

Anyone got all 3 handy?

--- 帖子 #2220 ---
I am currently using a Moving Averages strategy and comparing it to TEB2.  The TEB system seems to give earlier entries.  I am trying find a way of combining both to ensure excellent signals.

Stay Tuned!

--- 帖子 #2221 ---
Total Trades: 7

Short Positions (won %): 2 (100.00%) Long Positions (won %): 5 (80.00%)

(Possibly worth checking the EUR/USD for a short about 12oclockish GMT)

--- 帖子 #2222 ---
My experience is that stoch systems, especially TEB2, perform much better than MAs.

The problem I had when using TEB2 was that the slower stoch did not always show the trend correctly. During long steady trends the slower (e.g. 4H) stoch would indicate that trend is changing, but in many cases that was not true. So, instead of using stochs for determining the big trend, I moved to trendlines, like the graph shows.

I draw a trendline on the slower TF (e.g. 4H) and then move to a faster TF (1H) where I use stochs for entries.

But like you say, MA's can also be used for trend determination.

R

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2223 ---
TEB2:

Stochs; 5.3.3 aand 14.3.3

charts: 4h and 30m.

Look for crosses on the 4h and draw a line when they occur. then move to 30m and when they cross enter. Stronger signal when they happen simultaneously (or as close as possible).

If you obey the rules it is difficult to lose. yesterday 21/09 I went long GBPJPY at approx 06:00 am GMT. 3 of the 4 crosses were in place and I said what the hell, the 4th is about to come. It did come finally half an hour later after I had been stopped for 35 pips. Had I waited for the 4th cross it would have netted me zillions of pips. So the moral of the story is that patience is a virtue.

Also the system is great if you can manage to follow the rules. Of course you can bent the rules a little if you feel it is going to happen. Yesterday it didnt happen for me but it does happen more often than not. I mean if I have the 3 out of 4 crosses in place i usually enter and end in profit.

Hope it helps.

Oh, I also use 4H channels, they are great and easy to find

--- 帖子 #2224 ---
I believe this is the Teb 2 Link Nondisclosure.

Please correct me if I am wrong.

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=20975

Leigh.

--- 帖子 #2225 ---
TEB

I've been trying this (is this maybe TEB4?) method for the last week or so with excellent results.

Some slight timing changes though: to detect trends more quickly I'm doing H8 instead of daily for the trend -- but still using H4 for trading.

I actually look at the Daily first to see the broader trend but the H8 is the decider. I fine tune entry on the H4 by checking the H1.

So in summary: D1 then H8 for trend, H4 for trading having glanced at the H1 to verify the correct candle colour.

All with MAs only, I don't like Stochastics.

I'll be running this again next week so maybe more to report then.

rorieu

--- 帖子 #2226 ---
Offtopic: does anyone know of reliable charts with histogram price feature?

I'm looking at IG index charts, but they seem to sometimes be unsynchronised with price change. Anyone suggest more reliable charts with histogram function?

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #2227 ---
4 crosses?  you only have 2 stoch's.  when you say cross, are you talking about the 5 and 14 stoch's crossing w/ each other (which only makes 2 crosses) or the main on each one crossing w/ their signal line?

--- 帖子 #2228 ---
with 4 crosses i mean the 5.3.3 and 14.3.3 on the 30m and these 2 also on the 4H, try it, it works

--- 帖子 #2229 ---
I've been using Teb 3 with big successes. I'm trying to learn how to test systems on Interbank FX Trader 4. Am I right, I need an EA for testing? Is there one for Teb 3? Any help appreciated.

--- 帖子 #2230 ---
Sertio

Out of interest, add a 3 EMA Open and 3EMA Close to your chart. It looks bit strange but it generally makes the MAs and stochs coincide. Interestingly it sometimes gives a valid signal that the H4 stochs miss but the M30 stochs confirm?

rorieu

--- 帖子 #2231 ---
Hi Sertio

Can you please post charts of GBPJPY on the 21st. I can't seem to duplicate what you describe.

See also my post today

Thanks

rorieu

--- 帖子 #2232 ---
I have an EA for TEB3. It hasn't been successfull (It can't tell when the market is in consildation or not).

But to answer your qeustion, no, you don't need an EA. Trade a demo going forward. Best way to tell if you know/understand the system and if it's successful for you (which by the sounds of it, it is).

BTW, if your a coder, I'll post the code for improvement.

--- 帖子 #2233 ---
First of - thank you to TEB - I have demo traded your system with a very good win/ loss ratio of about 70-85%. Going live now.

Could somebody also explain to me how to set up the charts for MT4 so I can see the stochastic with the 4 hour period within the 30 min chart ?

Even by right clicking on the stoch 30 min chart and marking the box 30 min and 4 hours the 4 hour period stoch won´t show.

Icfxtrader and Dan S have set it up properly - unfortunately not even costumer service from my broker could help me out on that one.

Thank you.

--- 帖子 #2234 ---
You need the MTF stoch indicator MTF being multiple timeframe.

Only problem i found was when setting the MTF indicators to 30min for example and then a standard stoch they didnt match....

:/

--- 帖子 #2235 ---
Hey global invest, might I ask how long you are demo trading? Would like to get an idea how long you been demo trading the system and if you have tested in all kinds of conditions.

I assume that you are using TEB2 as you are asking about setting up the 4hr and 30m, is this correct?

take care.

--- 帖子 #2236 ---
TEB2 is correct - been demo trading for about 3 weeks.

In all market conditions - usually do not pay any attention to news announcements - only in case of interest rate changes, etc.

Traded mainly volatile pairs as Gbp/Yen, Gbp/ Usd, but also Eu/Usd.

Dan: would you mind detailing me how to set up these multiple time frames ?

As I consider it a little better to have everything on one screen rather than switching back and forth and drawing in vertical lines...... ?

--- 帖子 #2237 ---
Hi globalinvestor

I was looking for the same thing when i started this system, i made a thread here  http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=47574

should be everything you need there.

--- 帖子 #2238 ---
Hello Dan

Wow that was quick - and thank you very much !!!

That was really helpful !

Good trading to you !

--- 帖子 #2239 ---
Check this out below.

Ok, the 2 red lines are the 4 hour crosses on the 14,3,3 and 5,3,3 stochs.

then you move to 30 mins and wait for the stochs to cross in the same direction and pull the trigger.

I then get a draw down of around 30 pips.

Am I doing this right or wrong, I don't understand?

Thanks,

Guess

--- 帖子 #2240 ---
OMG! No wonder TEB3 EA didn't do that well. THANKS GUESS!!!  and TEB2 for that fact.

--- 帖子 #2241 ---
I have found this a lot with Teb2, I am not looking for 100% system, but have seen this more times than not.

So I don't know if I am missing anything on here, but hmmm

I think there is need for a filter, I hate too many indicators, but another one to filter out bad trades would be good.

--- 帖子 #2242 ---
Well for me, on both of them, I was only triggering on larger timeframe, not the lower.

I have to go and re-test a bunch of these.

--- 帖子 #2243 ---
Hello Rorieu, i attached the chart, had i waited for the second stoch (14.3.3) to cross i would gain a lot of pips, but i was impatient.

hope it helps

--- 帖子 #2244 ---
this is how the 4h looked at the time, as you can see the 4H already had crossed. and had i waited for the 30m 14.3.3 stoch it would have been a very strong signal. the red line drawn is from the 30m chart

hope it helps

--- 帖子 #2245 ---
THANK FOR YOUR COMMENT

I have some question:

1. I know basic rule of TEB2 TEB1 . as you said in smallest TF we should wait for stock overbought again then cross to short ( if we entering short) , in that case risk is limted?

2. when I use TEB2 ,sometime in higher TF crossed down(4H), I draw a line ,then turn to smaller TF (M30)waiting cross ,but when I waiting ,price going up , so I turn bact to higher TF(4H),and I find stock cross in 4H is not crossed because of price moving up . so what can I do now? to think this signal is failed or I should'nt come back to check 4h stock cross status?

3 what TF your are using for TF . what win rate is when you using TEB2 . do you need some Discretion when you enter trade by TEB2

http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...postcount=2219

--- 帖子 #2246 ---
YES , when I demo ,I met same thing .  if we can not sovle it , we will not reach high win rate like teb63 did .

--- 帖子 #2247 ---
Hi, see my comments below.

Someone also asked about hitting 30 pip SL's  even when the stochs show that is fine to enter. Notice that SL depends on the TFs you use. If you are using 4H and 30M, then imo SL should be bigger than 30 pips, I would suggest 60-80 pips.

But if you go down to 5M TF when you are opening (so you start from 4H, then 30M, and finally 5M), then you probably can cut SL to 20-30 pips.

Papertrade and test different SLs...

R

--- 帖子 #2248 ---
globalinvest

Try setting the charts up so that you have a 4H chart setup up with only your stoc. in its own window below the 30M chart.

Then it is a TRUE 4H Stochastic.

A picture is worth a thousand words.

Hope this helps.

Leigh.

--- 帖子 #2249 ---
hey guess, it seems that you are pulling the trigger too soon. when the stochs cross on the 4hr, you should wait for the 30m to cross from the same relative position whether it be around or slightly above/below 20 or 80. for example, on your chart, you have the 4hr cross from around the 50. think TEB likes crosses below 50 and not to mention if they can be around the 20 even better. therefore, on the 30min chart, you need to be looking for the crosses at least below the 50 line of the stochs. the stronger moves tend to be closer to the the 20 line (and the 80 line in a downtrend). you can take those crosses that you have shown in your chart but those are low probability trades. you want to take the high probability trades.

i hope this helps. see if you can find the teb2 section and read up on it. its a lot i know to sift through, but it can be worth your while.

--- 帖子 #2250 ---
From what I have read, some people recommend trading a certain amount of time before going live. 3 months of consecutive profits seem to be a good marker. I wouldnt be too hasty to rush into forex trading. Sometimes when people go to trade live they might take a few losses that will cripple their future trading possibilities and I wouldn't like that to happen to you. if you feel you are ready then by all means go ahead. I would just like you to be completely sure about the method that you are trading before you go live.

just my 2 cents.

Out of curiosity, do you have a specific time you trade? how often do you check your charts?

take care

--- 帖子 #2251 ---
Eur/Usd

& Gpb/Usd

Buys using TEB2

TEB

--- 帖子 #2252 ---
You are absolutely right - before just jumping into the market one needs a workable and proven system.

I, for my part, have been looking for a good trading strategy and this one here appears to have a very good risk/ reward ratio. After all, you can know all the basics to the forex market, but w/o a strategy no one will get anywhere.

Soon I will go live using this strategy, the Ema 25/50 strategy from another thread as well as using double tops and double bottoms and with proper money management, e.g. sl 20 pips tp 45 pips, in the long haul it can only be profitable.

Good pipping to you all.

--- 帖子 #2253 ---
ok great globalinvest! glad to hear that. by the way global invest, what is the 25/50 system?

how often do you check your charts using TEB2? is there a particular time you like to trade such as the london open?

take care man.

--- 帖子 #2254 ---
Thanks vyder, I will go through the posts again, probably an oversight!

Guess

--- 帖子 #2255 ---
Hi TEB

I saw these as SELLs see attached?

Can you post your chart please?

R

--- 帖子 #2256 ---
Man thats a good looking trade. I think when TEB posted those currencies, they were still in an uptrend. I would love to see the shots also.

take care.

--- 帖子 #2257 ---
Well I've read through the various explanations for teb1 and I just wanted to make sure I have it down pat...

1.) go to daily and wait until 5,3,3 stochs cross...

2.) go to 4 hour and wait until these cross...

3.) go to 30 mins and wait until these cross... buy/sell

if at any time one of the previously crossed stochs cross the other way we scrap all current intentions of entering the market in the current direction and now repeat the process but the other way... correct?

And we enter with the daily cross using the 30 mins crosses and enter each time they cross yer?

--- 帖子 #2258 ---
This is the link for the 25/50 ema system:
http://forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=46048

There are no certain times when I trade - not yet a fulltime-trader, but I usually prefer german time from 0700am-1600. This would be london time +1 hour. And if I trade, I babysit the trades, look at my positions every 10 minutes, especially Gbp/Yen.

--- 帖子 #2259 ---
Thanks for TEB for sharing your idea......

--- 帖子 #2260 ---
COULD YOU SHOW YOUR SKILL FOR USING TEB2

--- 帖子 #2261 ---
That sounds about right. Just from my observations, I have seen the best moves cross from at least above/below the 50 line of the stochs. this to me is a great filter. if you have an uptrend say for example, you want the crosses to be below the 50 of the stoch. the closer to 20 it is the better. just my 2 cents. I currently am using a hybrid of the teb 2 system. I am using the daily combined with trying to take trades using the 1 hr. reason is I dont have time during the day to keep checking a 1/2 hr. chart. the 1 hr. is a little bit more my speed.

take care.

--- 帖子 #2262 ---
Thanks for this. man i wish my hours were close to that. I am GMT -5 thus the london open for me is 2 am . sux. thanks for the link.

--- 帖子 #2263 ---
Sertio

Sorry for the delay in replying. As you said it pays to wait  for the strong signals.

BTW I'm using H2 instead of H4. Still with M30. Signals come sooner and seem clearer.

R

--- 帖子 #2264 ---
A couple of charts on euro. You notice that on 4H chart euro has broken the trendline, which means that now the 4H trend is down. If you try to use here 4H stochs they give a false indication that the trend would be up again after a short down period and you would be looking for longs instead of shorts... That is why i ended up using trendlines insteads of stoch for 4H trend.

So you go to 30M chart and identify stoch tops for shorting, and you notice that you could enter in three places. At least here that 30 pips SL would have been enough, but you could even go to 5M chart and look for an optimal entry point.

And when this new downtrend is forming up, you can draw a trendline when the first two tops are there and use the trendline for entries (when the price touches the line and stochs confirm that it is ok to enter). Remember to update the trendline whenever new tops (like in this downtrend) are formed.

R

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2265 ---
Yep I'll obviously be testing all this in a practice account first... but I've read spudfyres thread on using stocks so I've got a general idea about those levels... but thanks just wanted to double check and see if i was on the same wavelength... better safe than sorry. Still great to be surprised once in a while  as long as you dont pay for it of course lol.

--- 帖子 #2266 ---
you are good to use TEB2 , BUT I am newbie to it . could you give me some advise ? thanks

--- 帖子 #2267 ---
so if it happen ( at one point crossed , and at last  become uncrossed) ,what can we do

if we have draw line at that point , but at last become uncrossed , should we erase that cross line ,then look for another cross?

--- 帖子 #2268 ---
Hey muyuam, the only advice I can give you is:

1. find out what time frames work for you. if you can sit at the computer all day, then maybe watching the 4hr, 30 system is good for you. if you cant, then try it out on different higher timeframes.

2. take only the best trades. wait for the stochs to line up at the correct levels and take those trades. be careful though, no system is 100% and sometimes you will suffer losses. just keep practicing until you have it down right and then practice some more to ensure you know it inside out. I am still testing my strategy but also testing others so I have not devoted the entire time to testing TEB2.

3. protect yourself always. use a stop loss!!

thats all for now, I am not that good in this system as yet, still practicing.

--- 帖子 #2269 ---
yes indeed. if the criteria is not met, SCRAP THE TRADE. it makes no sense chasing trades, more often than not you will lose. the market has a way of showing you what you want to see. actually, its not the market's fault, its ours. we see what we want to see at times rather than what is actually there. no need to run down the trades, just wait for the next time. patience is a virtue and in trading it means the difference between a profitable trader and a trader that loses constantly.

--- 帖子 #2270 ---
Im new to metatrader and would like to know if there is a doc file or anything comparable that might guide me through setting up this system for demo trading.  I was starting to have a little trouble sifter through 152 pages, so sorry for the inconvenience.

All I really need to know is which files to download and where to place them.  I have sucessfully placed the 8 and 8 fozzy system, and auslancos g/y systems on MT.

Any help is greatly appreciated in advance and good night all.

--- 帖子 #2271 ---
Now I try practice TEB2 , BUT I am new to this method ,so need some help

this U/J chart is M30 CHART (LIVE  , the line time is 8:00 AM FXDD TIME , GMT +3 ) , AT h4 I GOT CROSS (BOTH 533 1433) , SO DRAW  LINE ,TURN TO M30 NOW

the line is shown on chart . but M30 CHART stoch 533 and 1433 is still above 50% ,so I should wait ,right?

some question

and on H4 U/J TREND LINE SHOWS STRONG UPTREND . SO I only do can enter long position in channel? if price near upper channel line , can I enter short by teb 2 rule ?

--- 帖子 #2272 ---
some question

1 . so u do not use stoch in H4 ,and using trend line ?

2 . and if trend line is broken , that mean trend will change ,so we change trade direction now ?

3  TREND LINE is influence by discretion very much, so my trend line maybe very differ from yours ,so how to determine trend  accuratly?

thanks ,

--- 帖子 #2273 ---
I got in long entry , is it correct?

H4 still crossed , M30 533 1433 CROSSED NOW , AND BEFOR THEY BELOW THE 50%

any comment

and where to exit and sl?

--- 帖子 #2274 ---
How do you guys manage your trades once you are in... in particular how do you know when to get out... do you use some sort of system? Exiting when you feel like seems too inconsistent and bound to failure imo.

--- 帖子 #2275 ---
closed out  Usd/Cad trades

buying more Eur/Usd & Cable

Teb

--- 帖子 #2276 ---
generally in an uptrend, you want the 30m to cross BELOW the 50 line and close to the 20 line if possible. You can take that trade as the cross is near the 50, however that is not a prime trade. if you were going to take that trade, possibly try with a smaller amount than you usually trade with.

with regards for exit and S/L those a difficult questions. you kinda have to figure out how much you are willing to risk and how much you want to profit. I personally use position sizing to properly calculate my risk and I like to put stops a little bit past areas of support and resistance. when the market moves in my direction, I am testing taking some profit and move the stop to breakeven so that I don't lose money. hope this helps.

--- 帖子 #2277 ---
yer i have my stop losses sorted i just dont know how to exit usually panic and exit too soon... cant let my trades run... still profiting quite a bit but not as much as whats on the table so to speak. Like I said... not really following any system for exits and its kinda frustrating looking back on past trades and not having htem run further.

--- 帖子 #2278 ---
Same here

--- 帖子 #2279 ---
Hi TEB,

been a long time...

I think that Uas/Cad is going to go down now, do u think it will fall?

And how high do u predict the EU will rise?

Yous expertise has always been best for me.

Regards

Mike

--- 帖子 #2280 ---
hey where is everybody, any news on the method, i continue with TEB2 with very good results, any feedback from you people?

--- 帖子 #2281 ---
So you would post some Screenshots .

--- 帖子 #2282 ---
Ok so here is channel on eurusd H1.

also i added some numbers that are based on elliot wave. (but more simplest)

Nice in conjuction with channel.

--- 帖子 #2283 ---
hey guys, i found an indicator that could make teb style trading much easier. it is called 4tf stoch bars. this indicator is really nice. what it does is place the stoch readings from 4 time frames and display them as green and red (default)  up or down and thus makes it visually easier for you to see what is going on in several time frames by just viewing one time frame.

apparently what it does is take 4 successive time frames to display on the chart starting with the one that you put it on and then it goes up according to default mt4 tf settings. for example, if you put this indicator on the 15m, it will display 15m, 30m, 1h, 4h. if you place it on the 4h it will display 4h, D,W,M. so far as i know it is not customizable without some tweaking for custom time frames.

there are a few nuances with this indicator and I wanted to know if there is anyone who can help me improve this indicator. the biggest problem with this indicator is its repainting. lets say for example you place the indicator on the 1h and you have displayed 1h, 4h, d, w. lets say the 1h stoch is down and the 4h stoch is up. when the 4h stoch starts to turn down, it apparently will repaint the entire 4 hr bar represented in dots at times. for example, at some point the 4h is displaying green (up) when it switches about 4 dots will switch red. this can lead to false signals and can hurt traders. what i think should be done to improve the indicator is that whatever is the smallest tf displayed, all other boxes should be marked off at that regular time interval whether it be up or down. that way you won't have the higher time frames changing multiple dots, it will only change the most recent/current dot.

here is the indicator:
http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...2&postcount=24

i have tried PM'ing banzai and i am waiting on a reply but i think that if we can tweak this thing...it will be very helpful to a lot of traders.

what you guys think?

take care and happy trading.

--- 帖子 #2284 ---
no one around anymore?

--- 帖子 #2285 ---
Hi,

I am still here, how r u doing? whih system of TEBs do u use. I look generally at 4h stoh and resistane.

Regards

Mike

--- 帖子 #2286 ---
hello vyder, im also here, try the indicator and let us know, although i dont think i would use it because the original system is simple enough for me. im using TEB2

--- 帖子 #2287 ---
Hi, can you tell me what is TEB2 system and where I can find it?

--- 帖子 #2288 ---
TEB2 is somewhere in here. in summary: use 4H and 30m stochastics that are set to 5.3.3 and 14.3.3. so basically you have 4 stochs charts, 2 on 4H and 2 on 30m. enter long when they are aligned upwards and vice versa. best trades when all of them are aligned

--- 帖子 #2289 ---
Hi Sertio and others

I use TEB 2 as you state (see#2267) but don't you find the signals are stronger if the stoch crosses happen beyond the 20 and 80 lines... or at least very near these lines? If the crosses occur near the 50 line the signals are not so reliable.

Vyder

I think I've tried that 4TF indicator before but I find seeing the actual stoch lines cross gives me more information - than a coloured dot. (20 and 80 lines)

R

--- 帖子 #2290 ---
wow ok thanks for the responses. I will test out this indicator and let you guys know. so far it is pretty decent with one drawback...the repainting of the dots. it really hurts because the indicator will repaint many dots on the longer tf's if the stoch values change rather than just the most recent dot.

the teb 2 looks to be a very interesting setup and i am trying the indicator on a 30m min. time frame. sertio, how do you trade the 4hr/30m? do you check the market every so often or just at a specific time do you take trades?

how do you find that the teb2 has been working for you guys?

--- 帖子 #2291 ---
Hi Guys

Closing all long term cable & Eur trades  I had on

Will be going on a little Vaction- now

TEB

--- 帖子 #2292 ---
Good to see the thread is still going. I'm still using TEB2, but I have 4 windows per each pair: 30min, 4hr, daily, and weekly. The reason for the 4 timeframes is that I can use combinations of different pairs for the same currency: 30min/4hr (the standard TEB2), 4hr/daily, daily/weekly. Also, sometimes I switch weekly with 5min to see the exact entry on 30min/4hr. The best trades of course happen when daily, 4hr, and 30min lign up (from TEB1), and by best trades I mean the amounts of pips, they are large when that happens. Once I had all of them ligned up, including weekly, on EUR/JPY, grabbed 120 pips and chickened out, but the pair kept falling for another 300 or so pips.

For the supp/res i use TL's, fibs, previous swing highs/lows; and also candlestick formations for reverse/retrace confirmation. I've given up on channels because I find previous swing high/low levels to give me more accurate results. And of course the stochs, when they lign up, we get the momentum.

Great system, thnx Teb.

--- 帖子 #2293 ---
Hi rorieu, yes the signals are stronger when they happen in or around overbought/sold areas

--- 帖子 #2294 ---
Hi vyder, i usually trade the European session because i find that it gives more accurate signals than the US, the reason is that the Dow Jones has much effect on currency markets and vice versa, this results in some very peculiar moves in the US session, today is a very good example (Yen crosses)

--- 帖子 #2295 ---
new system I have been playing with

just

1. 4 your channel ( day if I can not find a 4 hour one)

2. 200 ems ( on 4 times week, day, 4 hour & hour esp the last 2 )

3. MACD for the big "d" on all 4 hour & day

4. candles on the hour or 30 mins as signs to buy/selling signs

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

EUR/USD one hour

I have 4 trades on

1.4464 tp 1.4498

1.4464

1.4468 tp 1.4498

1.4463

I am up about 90 (x5 lots each =340) pips for the day

TEB63

--- 帖子 #2296 ---
teb, i am new to this forum.I have been looking thru your system . Is there a template for your system.If so can you please let me know where is it is on the forum.thanks

--- 帖子 #2297 ---
which one ?

TEB

--- 帖子 #2298 ---
Hi Teb

Can you clarify what you mean by the crossing of the stoch in TEB1?

When you say the 4hr stoch is crossed up, does it mean that the fast line must crossed in the upwards manner or it just means that the fast line just need to be above the slow line?

Reason why i am asking this is because it is possible to cross over but in a downward manner.

--- 帖子 #2299 ---
1st 2 trades taken out with TP @ 1.4498

2nd 2 trades I just closed @ 1.4540

reason big "D" on the 4 hour charts

TEB

--- 帖子 #2300 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

eur/usd 4 hour

2nd channel is hour

Big red bars (on main chart & over the Macd) for D

could have held out for the 1.4550

but I had a bad feeling & its a funny time of day

TEB

--- 帖子 #2301 ---
Nie to have here again. What would you predi<t for EU now, I say it has to have a retra<ement...

Regards

Mike

--- 帖子 #2302 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Eur/UsD 1 hour

Same stuff

TEB

--- 帖子 #2303 ---
I think so - look at the macd or the RSI14 or a stoch 15.5.5 on every time frame

also look at the candles & formations on the hour & 30 mins

+ the big boys have to make some money some there right?

TEB

--- 帖子 #2304 ---
Thank you for your opinion.

M.

--- 帖子 #2305 ---
candle formations

& day & 4 hour channels are intersting

on the eurchf

got to go

TEB

--- 帖子 #2306 ---
Hia,

yep really interesting

what is your guess ? what will be support and resistance ? )  both have good propabilities

--- 帖子 #2307 ---
Closing all trades

TEB

--- 帖子 #2308 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Usd/Cad

--- 帖子 #2309 ---
short term trades

buy gj  227.33

buy uj  109.93

sell eu 1.4585

teb

--- 帖子 #2310 ---
close eu 7 pips

--- 帖子 #2311 ---
close gj 44 pips

--- 帖子 #2312 ---
uj sl @ 28 pips

teb

--- 帖子 #2313 ---
buy Au .8921

teb

--- 帖子 #2314 ---
buy gj  @ 227.67

--- 帖子 #2315 ---
close A/U

0 pip

--- 帖子 #2316 ---
close gj 11 pips

teb

--- 帖子 #2317 ---
cable 2.0694 buy

teb

--- 帖子 #2318 ---
close 2.0709

teb

--- 帖子 #2319 ---
gu 2.0712 buy

--- 帖子 #2320 ---
moving this from a short term trade to a mid term one

teb

--- 帖子 #2321 ---
close @2.0728

teb

--- 帖子 #2322 ---
just over  100 pips for the day

came up with a new short term trading system

works  on the 1 min

(but I keep & eye on the 15 min - mid term & 1 hour - long term)

worked well today

bye

TEB

--- 帖子 #2323 ---
cable buy @ 2.0707

both the 1 min & 15 min charts

( great candle & tail on the 15 min chart)

teb

--- 帖子 #2324 ---
Hi Teb

Where is the new 1min TS?

--- 帖子 #2325 ---
close @2.0735

teb

--- 帖子 #2326 ---
buy cable @2.0726

teb

--- 帖子 #2327 ---
close @ 2.734

teb

--- 帖子 #2328 ---
cable buy 2.0730 & 2.0727

teb

--- 帖子 #2329 ---
close both @2.0746

--- 帖子 #2330 ---
11 trades for the day

10 wins & tie

TEB

--- 帖子 #2331 ---
cable 2.0740 buy

teb

--- 帖子 #2332 ---
usd/cad @ .9635 buy

--- 帖子 #2333 ---
close 2.0748

teb

--- 帖子 #2334 ---
buy sign on the pound @2.0739

I am not taking will be closing out

teb

--- 帖子 #2335 ---
hi Teb,congrats on your new system.any chance you will share it ?

--- 帖子 #2336 ---
glad about this TEB, would be interesting to hear

--- 帖子 #2337 ---
Man, Teb, you are one innovative trader - always coming up with a different system - the best part is that you're mostly successful.  congratulations.

--- 帖子 #2338 ---
eur/usd buy @ 1.460

Aud/usd buy @ .8972

teb

--- 帖子 #2339 ---
Close aud/usd @.9000

TEB

--- 帖子 #2340 ---
Bough the eur/usd @1.4610not 1.4600) & sold 1.4520

TEB

--- 帖子 #2341 ---
Hullo TEB

Always fascinated to read about your trades.

Can you explain a bit about your preferred 'signals/signs' and candle patterns: #2309 #2311, #2327, #2338 etc?

They ceretainly work for you!

TEB  Forgot to ask ;what is your time relative to GMT?

Thanks

R

--- 帖子 #2342 ---
WHY?

Too late??

rorieu

--- 帖子 #2343 ---
Intersting web @ system I came a cross today

it works quite well

I would exit when the 5min crosses back

3 ducks system
http://captaincurrency.blogspot.com/

Firstly I would like to say, I did not reinvent the wheel with this system, I have just added one or two ideas to a 60 period simple moving average (sma) to make it my own and named it "The 3 Duck's Trading System" for obvious reasons as you will find out later on. The system is fairly straight forward and easy to use. Like a lot of trading systems it will be more productive when prices are moving in one direction and not stuck in a tight trading range. Of course this system has losing trade and losing runs, but with proper money management and good discipline I'm sure this system will keep you out of bad trades and give you a great chance to make profits in the Fx market. One of the nice things about this system is it will quickly tell you if prices are in an up or down swing phase and stop you from guessing! It will also allow you to decide to be a bull or a bear and trade in the direction of that trend. There are 3 charts involved in this system: a 4hr chart, a 1hr chart and a 5min chart. There is 1 indicator, a 60 period simple moving average (60 sma) plotted on each chart. There you go, its that simple.

How it works:

Step 1 - First Duck
http://bp0.blogger.com/_o93gCdxWKlc/.../4hr+cable.bmp

The first thing we need to do is look at our largest time-frame (4hr chart) and see if current prices are above or below the 60 sma. From this chart we can see that current price is below the 60 sma. This tells us that we maybe looking to sell.

Step 2- Second Duck
http://bp3.blogger.com/_o93gCdxWKlc/.../cable+1hr.bmpThe second thing we need to do is drop down to our 1hr chart. We need to see the current price below the 60 sma on this chart also, this gives us confirmation.

Important: If the current price was to be above the 60 sma on this chart we could not move on to step 3.

Step 3 - Third Duck
http://bp1.blogger.com/_o93gCdxWKlc/...5min+cable.bmpFrom step 1 and 2, current prices need to be below their 60 sma's on each chart. We are now on the 5 min chart and we are looking to sell when price crosses below the 60 sma. For extra confirmation we should let prices break the last low on the 5 min chart. This would mean that prices will be below their 60 sma on all 3 time-frames, therefore all 3 Ducks are lined up in the same direction.

Stop-Losses: This is where you can make this system your own. If you are a short term trader you may want to put your stop-loss above the highs on the 5 min or the 1 hr chart. If you are more of a positional trader you may wish to put your stop-loss above a high on the 4 hr chart. You could also use a fixed stop-loss, maybe 25-30 pips or more from entry. It all depends what type of a trader you are, so you decide! If you are a longer term trader or investor, this system can help you get a good entry point into the market. Another "trick" that may help you preserve capital, If you do sell and prices get back above the 5 min 60 sma by 10 pips (not a good sign) you may want to cut your losses short before your stop-loss. But if you are a longer term trader this may not be a big deal for you.

Targets: Same again, depends what type of a trader you are but target can be support or resistance levels.

Summary: The above example was carried out when the gbp/usd was trading lower so obviously we where selling - the system works just as well for buying opportunities, just look for prices to be above the 60 sma on all 3 time-frames, starting with step 1 again. I like this system a lot as it does not try to out-guess the markets movements and pick tops and bottoms. The system will quickly tell you to be a buyer or a seller. Its a good honest system that tries to follow prices. This system works better on currency pairs such as the Eur/Usd and Gbp/Usd, but there is nothing stopping you from plotting this system on any pair, but as we know some pairs act differently to others. The best time I found for trading this system is the European and US sessions. I lke to use this system as a guide in addition to my own market knowledge. Take care to watch what is going on around you - economic new releases, holidays etc.

by Captain Currency

--- 帖子 #2344 ---
can I ask which of your systems indicated this sell? Seems like it was the mtf stochs, but wanted to confirm. It's going against the Daily TF, right? And have you exited now that 30 has turned? Trying to learn. Thanks!

And thank you for your systems and contributions!!

--- 帖子 #2345 ---
please i want to read your 3 ducks system ebook.

--- 帖子 #2346 ---
hi there ..

its not my e-book ..I didn't write it

... its not even my main system I am using

go to the 3 ducks thread you will find it there

cheers

--- 帖子 #2347 ---
Hello everybody !

I was wondering if anyone might have a stoch cross indicator/ audible alert for the Metatrader4 platform ?

I am personally still doing well using this system, using mainly 4 hour stoch, 1 hour and 30min. Mainly Eu/Yen and volatile pairs. Will want to try if I can improve my entry with such an indicator/ alert everytime there is a stoch cross on the 30 min chart.

Would be great if somehow available.

Thank you and happy pippin' to you.

--- 帖子 #2348 ---
hi TEB,

i'm using oanda too, as You know there is no 4h TF but 3h frame. Does it work same as 4 hr?

thanks in advance

--- 帖子 #2349 ---
hi there

yes it still works

or open up a demo

just go to  FXDD  web page

TEB

--- 帖子 #2350 ---
Hi Teb.

Thanks for the nice thread. I have not read thru the whole of it yet but have allready realized there are several diferente systems on discussion here. I find it ok, but would like to know which one is your ''main system'' and what are the rules of it.

Thanks in advance

--- 帖子 #2351 ---
I'm using TEB on the lower timeframes 5m,15m,1H with an eye on the 4H and D1.

I have noticed that the oversold (below 20) and overbought (over 80) levels can serve as a marker to support/resistance.  And keeping an eye on divergence on the 15m is helping with the confidence of the 5m signals.

After hitting support and coverging and getting 3 blue signals lining up... I went long at .9950 and took profit at the 80 handle...  sure enough overboght signals showed up.

I've averaged 6% a day on my real money account this week in a "trade as I study" this system.  So far, I haven't had a losing day yet with very low drawdowns.

--- 帖子 #2352 ---
Can u put here those indicators? There are very interesting!

--- 帖子 #2353 ---
Here you go...

to stack the indicator... drag the indicator onto itself (same indicator pane)  and change the timeframe and Vert Shift to 2, 3, 4 or whatever.

--- 帖子 #2354 ---
GRATIA!

--- 帖子 #2355 ---
I became familiar with the TEB system about a year ago, but never really got it going for me. But recently, I started fooling around with it as a longer term trade, using the weekly and daily charts. I guess it's more of a TEB 2 system. Anyway I have had very promising results backtesting several pairs from the first of this year till now.

The way I tested was like this. I determined the direction of the weekly and only took daily signals in that direction. On each signal that was generated, I took a one lot trade on the next candle that broke the high or low of the signal candle. I set a fixed stop at around 80 to 100% of the pair's Daily ATR depending on the pair, and set the limit at twice the stop. There were no add ons, no trailing stops, and no scaling out or taking early profits. Six pairs were tested. There were 64 trades, with 36 winners for a 56.3% winning percentage. The total profit was 6,025 pips. There was a fairly hefty 1,725 pip drawdown, the result of a stretch of ten losers in a row.

I think this is pretty exciting for a set it and forget it approach. Something to think about is that I used almost no discretion in these test trades. If it was a signal, I took it, no matter where the stoch cross occurred. A little discretion and some more logical stop and limit placement might produce a better winning percentage and a better return per trade, which by the way was about 94 pips average.

Is anybody else trading this method like this? I'd like to hear from and exchange ideas with those who might be, or even might be interested.

Cheers,

Richard

--- 帖子 #2356 ---
Richard,

I havent read this whole thread yet - so I ask what determines your Weekly trend and entry signals?

I am partcipating and reading another current thread by TEB - the world simplest system - which uses the 1,2,3 reversal price pattrern and can combine it with a 200ema onto 3 time frames to determine the trend.

So say Monthly and Weekly price are above 200 but daily below 200, then look for a long entry on the daily.

As i undestand it this system is about using Multiple Time frames?

regards

Red

--- 帖子 #2357 ---
Red,

Hi. You're right about multiple time frames, but the basis is the use of stochastics as opposed to moving averages. You set up two different time charts each with two stochastic oscillators on them, and when the stochs are in agreement, that is all crossed in the same direction, you enter the trade. This a variation of the method first described at the beginning of this thread, but TEB 2 is formulated and discussed here as well. There are certain subleties to reading stochastics that are also discussed throughout this thread that you will find helpful. There is also a short thread on TEB 2 which gives the specifics--- http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=61902

Initially TEB 2 was designed to be a day trading strategy, but it seems to adapt well to a swing/position application. Take a look and see what you think.

Cheers,

Richard

--- 帖子 #2358 ---
Great system - still using it effectively.

Finally found an alert for the stoch crossing on another forexfactory forum, which helps tremendously especially for daytrading:
http://www.forexfactory.com/attachme...8&d=1176769835

Just in case some other people might be looking for such an indicator.

I am also using the following timeframes for trading volatile pairs:

-one hour and 15 minutes

-30 minutes and 5 minutes.

--- 帖子 #2359 ---
This is the link to the forum:
http://forexfactory.com/showthread.p...ert#post274633

--- 帖子 #2360 ---
Great! Can you describe how you are applying the system? I mean, do you take all signals, only those coming out of the 20 and 80 areas, does above or below the 50 line matter to you, are you using any moving averages, things like that. Having just begun this again I'm trying to get a feel for the stochs.

I find it interesting that you day trade with this. I know that's what it was designed to do, but I've pretty much given up on day trading. I think if you're not trading the London open which I'm not, you're at a great disadvantage. It might just be my temperment, but I've gone to swing and position trading and am much happier with it. Anyway, I'd like to hear more about what you do.

Thanks,

Richard

--- 帖子 #2361 ---
I do not take all the signals, as I also use a 60EMA and usually try to be on the right side of it. No attention is paid to the 50-line, and the signals coming out of the 80 or 20 area are usually the strongest.

As I mainly use Imran´s method of scalping most pairs on a 5min and 15min TF, I use this TEB system as my 2nd trade approach when e.g. I missed out on a trade based on Imran´s method or no entry signal showing. I think this gives many opportunities any given day, but due to sometimes only 10 or 15 pips per trade I am looking to open an account with EFX to cut down on spread costs.

And I trade german time GMT+1, 0700-2000. Unfortunately not yet a fulltime trader, maybe at the end of the year.

My screen looks this this for all pairs.

--- 帖子 #2362 ---
Hey thanks for a detailed answer. I'm glad you're having success with the shorter times. I may give it a try again sometime, but for now I'm going to stick with the daily. Right now I have a 20 and a 200EMA running. The 20 seems to coincide well with the weekly crosses on the stoch.

I'm curious as to how you set your stops and limits. Do you have a predetermied numbers, or do you base it on market conditions; swing highs and lows, maybe fibs or pivots?

Also, I have an account with MB Trading (formerly EFX) and I like them pretty well, but their commission costs usually wipe out any savings in the spread, at least in the major pairs. If you trade exotic pairs (GBPJPY, CADJPY, etc.) that have larger spreads on Alpari and other fixed spread brokers, you will save a little. In fact, it's probably the only way you can profitably scalp the exotics.

Cheers,

Richard

--- 帖子 #2363 ---
Regarding stops and take profit levels, I am putting together a list for each currency pair, each timeframe and what exact stop/tp levels I enter.

Basically in order to keep myself disciplined and never deviate and to have a profitable w/l ratio in the longrun. I do not pay attention to recent highs and lows much. My experience : sometimes resistance or support hold up and sometimes they are penetrated. It´s like flipping a coin to me. Of course other traders see it the other way and succeed.

Thank you for the advice on spreads and brokers, will have to really look where to trade which currency pair.

Do well.

--- 帖子 #2364 ---
That's interesting. I too, am looking at each pair and trying to find the optimum stop and limits for each. I know what you mean about support and resistance. I used to trade almost soley based on S/R, but I'm moving away from that. After all, every big run has to start with a break of support or resistance.

I've been trying to determine the stop/limits by basing it off the ATR, but it doesn't seem to uniformly apply to each pair, meaning for some pairs using the daily ATR for a stop and doubling the limit works, and for others it is more random, and I just have to find the right number by trial and error.

I am also looking for ways to pyramid into winning positions, possibly adding on when new stoch crosses occur in a running position, or perhaps even just adding a portion when each successive candle is followed by another in the same direction. A guy name Bullrock has done some interesting work regarding this here on FF. I think I'll look into it further and report back with new findings. Good conversation, thanks.

Cheers,

Richard

--- 帖子 #2365 ---
Indicator catches every major move rather early.

--- 帖子 #2366 ---
Ok, let me understand this. Your red and blue arrows are the stochastic crosses right? Then, when the Heiken Ashi Smoothed changes color in agreement, then you're in? I guess either way, it looks good. I gotta try this.

Cheers,

Richard

--- 帖子 #2367 ---
Here's an alert for the Heiken Ashi Smoothed. See if it does what you want.

--- 帖子 #2368 ---
Thank you - I already this alert file in use. But it doesn´t give any alerts. Tried several settings, even on 1min timeframes on several pairs, but no audible alerts. Could you make it work ?

--- 帖子 #2369 ---
I donot know how to set timeframe label d1,h4,h1. Can you help me ?http://i25.tinypic.com/mhumib.jpg

--- 帖子 #2370 ---
Sorry, I can get it to work either. I was in a hurry and didn't test it out before I posted it. I happened to find it in a thread here on FF and I assumed that if in it's name was "alert" it would actually do that. Oh well.....

--- 帖子 #2371 ---
Hi TEB:

Metatrader 4 has a nice regression channel tool.  Is the regression channel an effective way to draw channels?  They sure look good, and require less judgment of channel placement than hand-drawing them.

Barry

--- 帖子 #2372 ---
It may be my blondeness coming through, but where is the tool in MT4?

--- 帖子 #2373 ---
Hi Nondisclosure00, I'm sure your blondness is just fine!...check out the top toolbar or whatever its called under "insert" - "channels".  Good Luck

--- 帖子 #2374 ---
In Metatrader 4 if you right click on the toolbar (say where the arrow or vertical bar icons are located) a menu will open.  If you click on "customize" it will enable you to add the regression channel icon to your toolbar.  This saves having to click on the INSERT|CHANNELS menu items.

The regression channel icon (it's labelled on the customize menu) is the single slash line with the hash marks across it.

--- 帖子 #2375 ---
I have spent the past month working on an expert advisor for the TEB 3-stoch crossover method.  It appears to be VERY profitable (even though the winning % of trades is about 50%), but I haven't had the chance to forward test it yet.  Has anybody made a similar expert advisor and had it work during forward testing??

--- 帖子 #2376 ---
Does anybody know how to change the timing of these alerts ?

Alert only comes up at the start of a new candle - on 30 min charts - this is way late, if I would go by the alert function alone I would miss out on 20-30 pips quite often.

Or if anybody has another mq-file which alerts on a stoch cross right away - would be great!

--- 帖子 #2377 ---
Attached is a screenshot of Eu/Chf this morning.

You can see in the pop-up box that the alert came at 11:30 am.

The red arrow showed up as well after the move down and with the open of the new candle - I consider it a late entry.

Any suggestions on how the alert can be changed ?

( I suppose relying on alerts instead of just visually scanning charts and then acting upon it is a wrong approach ? )

--- 帖子 #2378 ---
Found this indicator:

working better for me as signals come at times a bit sooner.

--- 帖子 #2379 ---
Better set-ups this way: screen zoomed in and Zerolagstoch added.

--- 帖子 #2380 ---
Looks good.

I have just started looking at this method and it looks good.

Multiple Time frames is a great idea and something I have not done before.  Will check it out.

Globalinvest, thanks for posting the Zerolag.  I will work with it.

--- 帖子 #2381 ---
I couldn't get my TEB2 EA to work, sorry everyone.  The backtesting results were just too misleading.  It was worth a try though.  I'm working on an awesome EA now for a system that I haven't read about yet on forexfactory, it's too bad I can't start a thread because it rocks!

--- 帖子 #2382 ---
Danoid,

1. Only use backtesting to see if your EA works properly. Backtesting is never quite acurate on overall results.  Forward test on a demo account.  That'll usually get you more accurate results.

2. PM on the starting a thread thing. I'll see what I can do to help you.

--- 帖子 #2383 ---
I did forward test my EA for about 2 months with mostly losses, that's what made me realize that it wasn't working.  Then I backtested using two other  brokerages, the only one that gave good results was Interbankfx (which I use for live trading).  It's a shame because I had around an 80% profit ratio backtesting on Interbank.  I thought it might have had something to do with the sudden massive buying of dollars (and selling of other currencies) - apparently this wasn't the case because it wasn't working for the past two weeks.

I'm currently working on a MACD variant and backtesting on a non-Interbank platform, the results look very promising.  I'm optimizing for a ton of variables (including the MACD settings..12,26,9,etc..), which is taking a LOT of time.

--- 帖子 #2384 ---
good luck on the optimization.  I know those can take forever.

I've usually had good results forward testing.  I never pay attention to back testing.  I only use it to see if the EA works properly.  I guess I'll start paying attention.

--- 帖子 #2385 ---
My MTF MACD variant EA works pretty good - it has about a 2.00 profit factor and 75% winning trade percentage; however, it isn't very profitable and I'm sure that there are other EA's out there that are way more profitable.  The trick is that I'm not waiting for a MACD crossover, I'm using the MACD histogram and waiting to see if the current bar is either greater than or less than the previous bar.  It works good with H1 and M15 timeframes (and I'm combining it with ADX).

Now I'm working on a MTF bollinger band EA, which should be easy to program but in reality is extremely difficult!  I've had limited success....

--- 帖子 #2386 ---
Well, I currently working on a Synergy Basic EA.  I figure when I get that done, I'm going to refresh my MTF Stoch EA (I didn't put in the trailing stop).

After those 2, I'm going to take a break.

--- 帖子 #2387 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Lets bring line back

(this and the 200 ema are my best lines & strongest lines)

The Stoch is set @ 14 because its nuts out there right now

I am looking for a trade on the Cable

lets see if we get it on the day.

it has to break about 5 pips over the last high

we have an IB as well on the Day !!

(the other charts are week & month)

Cheers

TEB

--- 帖子 #2388 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The euro !!!

Got to like it!!!

TEB

--- 帖子 #2389 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The Cable looks good

If we get a green candle tomorrow

I am in

TEB

--- 帖子 #2390 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

A lot of trades on now - now

we have to manage them.

Put in good stop loss

keep +

Cheer

TEB

--- 帖子 #2391 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Crazy day yesterday!!

I am still in all my trades.

On my real account it was close

ONE of my pairs came with in 13 pips of its SL

lets see if the market can moves up again

Cheers

TEB

--- 帖子 #2392 ---
Hey Teb

Glad to see you posting on this thread again!  Your mtf stochastic trading has always been my favorite strategy.  Clear cut and simple!  Thanks

msac

--- 帖子 #2393 ---
TEB -- Congrats on your last 2 months of successful trading! Sorry to see you go, come back and post again soon.

msac

--- 帖子 #2394 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Everyone is saying the euro/usd is going down.

I think there maybe some upside!

TEB

--- 帖子 #2395 ---
Why re-invent the wheel as they say. If the 1st method you employed using 4h, 30 min stoch did so well  why the new method?

thanks and regards

Goldfinger

--- 帖子 #2396 ---
This is pure gold!

I have made 3 deals. All together +300pips  so far 100 % success

Last one here:

--- 帖子 #2397 ---
this is a very great system !!

still one of my favs

But the more you use price action

the less you use tools for triggers

but its a great system

I hope it treads you well

cheers

teb

--- 帖子 #2398 ---
One more: closed with 62 pips

--- 帖子 #2399 ---
Congratulatins on your success. I've been reading the thread and it looks like a very simple system and very profitable one.

Carol

--- 帖子 #2400 ---
Are you talking about the one posted on first page? Can you explain this system? Thanks.

--- 帖子 #2401 ---
Hi 1000 !

Could you explain the exact principle of  this system? I would like to  know if in addition to the graph and Stoch  anything else you use?  confirm whether the trend of the daily and H4 is a  signal to enter the  M30?

I greet and congratulate!

Moritz

--- 帖子 #2402 ---
Hey All -

I am a "tech guy".  I like this system and am working with it to create an EA (I don't use MT4 - I used the FXCM API and wrote my own).

Anyway, if there are enough of you that would want something like this I could put the STO indicators in a little web page that fits in the corner of your screen it could show most pairs and give some color indication of the status of the D1, H4, H1, m30 and m15 STO(5, 3, 3).  (The values would be driven by an FXCM price feed).

Might be an easy way to monitor more pairs - or, at the least, let you know when something is developing so you can switch to the appropriate chart to take a look.

I will check back to see what kind of interest those that follow this system have in something like this..........

jefffxtrader

--- 帖子 #2403 ---
Hi TEB,

what longer time frame pair will u recommend for working folks?

thank you

--- 帖子 #2404 ---
month -week- day works great

week- day- 4 hour (3 hour) works great as well

cheers

TEB

--- 帖子 #2405 ---
Hi teb,

thanks for your reply.

1 question, why do we only look for short trades when the price is above ema 50?

i thought when the price is above ema 50 indicates that the market is treading up we should be looking for long trades?

sorry if i miss out anything from the thread.

thank you.

--- 帖子 #2406 ---
today another example...trand dawn at 30 tf ..its become trand at 60tf and grat pull back at the lime green line...the 3h after the cyan line...

ok by b..y i go my holliday good luck all!

cheer

--- 帖子 #2407 ---
I tested that system with Stoch 5,3,3 at D1, H4, M30

It works but i think its better to look at D1 trend not at stoch (cuz its very often oversold or overbought) but at MACD histogramm bars. If last macd bar is higher than previous bar then we lookin' for buys only and vice versa for shorts.

Stock is very often at oversold overbought zones so its very hard to see stoch at all 3 timeframes go up or down and not oversold overbought at all 3 timeframes. So its easier to see 2 stoch go down or up and not oversold overbought than see 3 stoch.

TEB, what do you think about it?)

My english is not clear, sorry

--- 帖子 #2408 ---
Hai everyone!

i just read all the threads! and it took me 2 days, LOL!

TEB thanks for your great system, i am using TEB1 and it really works! but i use H4/H30 and H1/H15...

I am good in entering the trade but the hard part is to exit the trade..Thats why I usually set my trade at SL 35 and TP 20. i knw its not a good Reward Ratio but since this system is pretty accurate y not.

anyway TEB do you have any suggestion on how to exit the trade?because if i exit the trade when the H4 crosses back, usually I would exited it a bit late and the positive trade would turn into negative trade.

By the way, anyone of you here is still using TEB1?

--- 帖子 #2409 ---
Hi Teb, good stuff, I've been using slow stochastics 14, 6 as my main indicator on about 6 timeframes. It spots trend peaks and valleys quicker than the MACD, but there is an art to it.

I use 4m, 20m, 1hr, 4hr, 1day, 1week, and I judge the trend by looking at the slow stochastics of each timeframe. It is safest when at least the 4 and 20 minute stochastics line up, but the more that are in sync the bigger the move that will occur in time so that one may let one's position ride if one chooses.

I use thinkorswim and just have like 6 chart snippets. I would suggest looking at the stochastics of all 6 to learn the process. It is an art because there is often a price peak or valley within overbought or oversold stochastics period which is the optimal entry point (rather than when it crosses above 20 or below 80).

I use real tight stops, .05%, which is like 5 pips. If I get stopped out I try to enter again real soon at a better entry, because it is even more overbought or oversold at this time. My exit is when the stochastics move to whatever extreme unless I feel the move is faltering and will come back on me, then I just exit at that time.

Right now I am using MACD, and ADX/DMI too, but am trying to streamline the complexity of my system down (which is still simple). I'll post my system and graphics once I get it stabilized. I am a relatively new trader and I find multiple timeframe trading using slow stochastics, MACD, or similar, to be the key to profitability. One can trade anything with this system too.

--- 帖子 #2410 ---
Great systems but a big mistake to lump them all together....great confusion about the rules!!!!  What a diservice to this thread!

--- 帖子 #2411 ---
Hi

You have 10+V and you claim you can get 90-95% winners with ema cross and an oscillator?

Im learning now Harmonic trading which many PRO traders use, the guy who's teaching me (I know him in RL) is an experienced successfull trader and he gets 80-85% winners with R/R at least 1/2 often 1/3+

Harmonic patterns, divergence, FIB lvls are leading methods, emas are lagging so maybe rewrite  your post?

In fact when my mentor saw your post he loled pretty hard

You only misleading new traders, ema cross method can work but you will never get 90% win rate and in ranging market you will get murdered by your ema's

Regards

HankT

--- 帖子 #2412 ---
1. I never said I got 90 % over 75% yes

2. the system I am using now is higher than this one for sure!

3. If your teacher cannot get 75 % win/Loss get a new teacher!

(if he is good he may well go for a lower win/Loss with a higher/ Risk)

cheers

TEB

--- 帖子 #2413 ---
What system do you want to use

it depends on

1. on your time frames you want to trade

2. the amount of money you have

3. what tools do you like EMA, SMA CCI, STOCH etc

4. your risk level

5. all most all systems work - you must follow the rules.

take one my system and master it. they are all based on

1. multi time frames - which just helps you know you are with the trend on a few time frames.

2. helps you find great entries, and helps you find good stops and profits

ie.
4 hour: trend charts
1 hour: to find stops and profit

- Support and resistants and trend lines

- Round numbers -" 00" and "50" ie. 1.0250
15 mins: entry

cheers

teb

--- 帖子 #2414 ---
Hello TEB63

I have just found your threads for this system and your TEB2 system and I very much like the simplicity of them. Do you trade both and do you find both of them equally profitable or do you favour one of them?

--- 帖子 #2415 ---
This thread is awesome and close to holy-grail. Why people have moved away from this thread. I will revive this thread from next trading day. What i find interesting in this method:

1. This system can bank close to 100 pips almost 70% of the trades.

2. I find EU, GU, EJ, AU,Uchf to be the pairs to trade with this system.

3. Coming to winning percentage it is close to 85% when i use Day, 4hr and 30 min stocs.

I am going to adapt to this and am not going to look back for any more systems. This is just wonderful system. It has suited my style and am able to bank close to 400 pips a week. That is awesome!!

--- 帖子 #2416 ---
In the chart you can see the three stocs signalling a sell. I entered the trade when M30 stocs turned to sell, banked 100 pips from this trade. One has to be patient to take these trades. you can easily get good trade setups approx 3-4 per week in any pair.

--- 帖子 #2417 ---
Hello, can you post your template and indicator.Thanks

--- 帖子 #2418 ---
Attached are the MT stocs indicator and the Trading sessions indicator.

1. MT indicator can be customized to your liking input 30 min, 240 min and 1440 min in three separate indicator windows to see all the three time-frame stocs.

2. Trading sessions i use for London open to London close.

Happy pippin

--- 帖子 #2419 ---
Another charting example of this wonderful method, This trade was taken on 12th

1. Check at the arrow site all the three stocs confluence.

2. The tick sign is where i exit with 4hr stocs cross.

Happy pippin

--- 帖子 #2420 ---
Maxpiper i might be a goood idea to start a new thread. I for 1 will be testing this strategy next week. So it might be more convenient for others to join instead of looking through all these pages.

Saf

--- 帖子 #2421 ---
Hi thanks for your interest in this thread. The rules are nothing much mate. Just go through first few pages, you should get the hang of it. I will post a detailed strategy next week in this thread!

--- 帖子 #2422 ---
If the thread gets lot of participation and requests will start a new thread!

Cheers!

--- 帖子 #2423 ---
I have started to back test the system.

some results:

Eur/Jpy

Jan 2012

Total trades = 13

wins = 9

loss = 4

max gain in single trade = 120 pips

max loss in single trade = -40

total pips gained for the month = 780

Feb 2012

Total trades = 15

wins = 12

loss = 3

max gain in single trade = 150 pips

max loss in single trade = -50

total pips gained for the month = 850

Wow is the only word i can think now.Will do more back-testing tomo, Been trading this system since April, Was curious to see the past, so did a back-testing.

Happy pippin!

--- 帖子 #2424 ---
Very interesting.

I will study your TEB system 2.0.

--- 帖子 #2425 ---
GBP/ USD

Jan 2012

Total trades = 22

wins = 14

loss = 8

max gain in single trade = 120 pips

max loss in single trade =  20 pips

total pips gained for the month = 440

Feb 2012

Total trades = 17

wins = 14

loss = 3

max gain in single trade = 120 pips

max loss in single trade = 20 pips

total pips gained for the month = 700

Will post GU and EJ March back test in next post. On an average, it is winning around 75%. A real Goldmine of a system!

Cheers!!

--- 帖子 #2426 ---
The system is showing Fantastic results! Here are the results for GU and EJ

GU, March 2012

Total trades = 16

wins = 13

loss = 3

max gain in single trade = 160 pips

max loss in single trade = 20 pips

total pips gained for the month = 790

EJ March 2012

Total trades = 16

wins = 15

loss = 1

max gain in single trade = 190 pips

max loss in single trade = 20 pips

total pips gained for the month = 1030

Looking back these are the winning percentages for the system from Jan 2012 to Mar 2012

GU = 64%, 84%, 81.25%

EJ = 69.23%, 79.9%, 93.75%

Respectively for the three months period. Have been forward testing since April. Will keep you posted on the entries i make tomo.

Amazing system! TEB

Happy pippin!!

--- 帖子 #2427 ---
Will do backtesting for EU and UCHF may be next weekend. Will post the live charts tomo.

Waiting for live action!!

--- 帖子 #2428 ---
Thank you for publishing the back test results.

What is your SL and TP. And what is the exit conditions?

--- 帖子 #2429 ---
The beauty of the system is once when you enter the trades you will exit only on 4hr stocs cross. That becomes your stop loss as well. So the stop loss will range from 10 pips to 40 pips, TP will hit from 20 pips to 200 pips, it is basically riding the intermediate wave in the 4hr chart in alignment with the major daily trend, 30 min is used for entry.

--- 帖子 #2430 ---
You can put 40 - 50 pip stop loss once starting out, TP can be cross of 4HR stocs...

Cheers!!

--- 帖子 #2431 ---
can you send us your this exact template please?

--- 帖子 #2432 ---
If you look at your chart, you'll see that MTF Stco

--- 帖子 #2433 ---
If you look at your chart, you'll see that MTF Stoch for D1 has crossed down on 13/4 at 00:00 whereas if you put a normal 533 stoch on D1 separately, you'll see that stoch crossed when daily bar closed. MTF shows daily stoch cross down when daily bar still open.

If the daily trend continues up or down, this is not a problem as you follow H4 and M30. But when Daily stoch crosses up or down, MTF indi always shows stoch cross when the daily bar is still open.

Of course, this is the case with H4 and M30 stoch crossing moments when using MTF stoch indi as stoch crosses happen when the bar is still open.

TEB explained how to tackle this as having experience with the indi and get a feeling for it when someone asked the same question.

I wonder how you are handling this. When you open a position in D1 direction while the bar is still open and all of a sudden price reverses and D1 stoch reverses and crosses back , what do you do or what are you planning to do if you haven't seen such a case yet?

Regards,

Blackeagle

--- 帖子 #2434 ---
Hi Blackeagle thanks for your query, I use 533 stocs, and i confirm the trend in the start of the day, once the stoc changes direction i stick to it. and look for confluence with 4 hr chart and also 30 min chart.

All need to be aligned, once i enter the trade i will forget the day stocs and concentrate on 4hr time-frame to change direction.I will look for daily trends only at the start of the day.

Am testing the system out from april, past two weeks, have had no issues, will share my trades tomo!

Cheers!

--- 帖子 #2435 ---
Hi Maxpiper, so in backtesting you used daily stoch value from prior days close?

Otherwise results could be overvalued, if you would use current day close.

Anyways thanks for bactesting, looks really interesting.

--- 帖子 #2436 ---
Hello guys, have started a New thread here "http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=354592"

--- 帖子 #2437 ---
Great , i go there.


===== 附件下载链接 =====

#MTF_Stochastic.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/25996?d=1174357258
mtf stoch.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/26107?d=1174431543
Stochastic_Cross_Alert[1].mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/26445?d=1174616841
Stochastic_Cross_Alert[1].mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/27103?d=1175112179
DIGISTOCH.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/27488?d=1175381198
# Stoch Signal.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/27500?d=1175431104
#PH#StochCrossOver.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/27534?d=1175455182
#PH#StochCrossOver.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/27535?d=1175455182
STOCH_Bars.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/27634?d=1175524252
#PH#StochCrossOver[2].mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/29565?d=1177502796
#PH#StochCrossOver[2].ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/29566?d=1177502796
Profile.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/30038?d=1177923884
Lugo TEB D1.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/30039?d=1177923884
Lugo TEB M30H4.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/30040?d=1177923895
Indicators.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/30041?d=1177923920
MTF_Stochastic.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/30059?d=1177935178
Pattern Recognition.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/30095?d=1177952481
Stochastic_Cross_Alert[1].mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/30483?d=1178232485
#PH#StochCrossOver[3].mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/30540?d=1178274580
#PH#StochCrossOver[3].ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/30541?d=1178274580
#PH#StochCrossOver[4].mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/30822?d=1178556791
#PH#StochCrossOver[4].ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/30823?d=1178556802
#PH#StochCrossOver[5].mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/31180?d=1178768690
#PH#StochCrossOver[5].ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/31181?d=1178768690
Setup.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/31509?d=1179009730
4HTrade.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/31516?d=1179023641
General view.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/31707?d=1179170583
STOCH_Bars_v2c.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/31713?d=1179176158
#PH#StochCrossOverSpecial.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/32845?d=1179935570
#PH#StochCrossOverSpecial.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/32846?d=1179935570
#PH#StochCrossOverSpe-Adj.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/32865?d=1179947546
Trading with Channels.doc: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/37913?d=1183755729
SHI Channel.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/37988?d=1183849660
Files.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/38000?d=1183855518
Trading with Channels.doc: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/38460?d=1184168608
TEB system.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/39021?d=1184617412
TEB system.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/39210?d=1184709818
Teb DetailedStatement.doc: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/39390?d=1184803676
DetailedStatement.doc: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/39758?d=1184976310
TEB system.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/40829?d=1185559261
TEB system.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/41868?d=1186103915
SRDC_Level_II-V2.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/41966?d=1186166995
srdc_level_ii_daily template.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/41967?d=1186167242
#MTF-Stoch.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/99147?d=1206973523
Heiken_Ashi_Smoothed_Alert.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/108360?d=1209705614
Stochastic_Cross_Alert[1].mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/139912?d=1218731930
ZeroLag Stochs_true.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/140191?d=1218808899
Trading Session vLines.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/942289?d=1334407087
MTF_Stochastic.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/942290?d=1334407087
