===== 帖子内容 =====

--- 帖子 #1 ---
Update 11-22-2011

Guys.

I am actively trading my journal here: http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...=1#post5156030

You're welcome to join. Thanks...

Hello

This not my system. I mean, I don’t create it . It very much a tune with Jesse livermore’s thoughts, I should say with a twist. It’s been used from ages and I personally used this “system” in all markets I trade. I might be possible that somebody else has similar views about the market, anyway for those poor souls following this cournelius system and everybody else, here's something you might try.

But  I will charge you something……Do you think this is free??? At the end, I’ll pass you guys,  my tab.

First, you need to stay clear off historical indicators. If you need a moving average to tell you where the trend is, you need to go to the very basics of reading a chart.

Hey wait a minute…you’re still gonna be called a trader not an investor ok???? You can collect your profits everyday if you want.

Also I won’t advise on money management. There is plenty of  advice this site on that subject.

Capishe??

One more thing – As I mentioned in another post, I am not going to babysit anyone. If you have a question, you better think twice and formulate your question in a valid manner. The whole idea is to put your brain in motion, That’s how I survived the markets to the point I trade for fun and no longer for profits.

Ok let’s get back to the charts

Here’s a plain-vanilla chart of EUR-USD, daily

Can anyone tell me where the trend is??

--- 帖子 #2 ---
Ok good. Here some other charts on the same cross – EUR-USD. Take a closer look at these white lines

Can anyone tell me what’s going on at the white lines??

--- 帖子 #3 ---
Ok now that you have an idea what’s going on, this is what I do

1.I  follow  the trend

2.Go down to 4 hr charts

3.Buy on pullbacks/sell on rallies at the 4 hr charts, keeping an eye on periods of consolidation (white S/R) lines on the daily chart.

4.Sit tight and wait. Or better…close the charts and go do something else and put an alert or something. Have a life.

Ok – how about stop-loss?

I use the daily charts and I position my stop-loss at the low/high of the daily bar, depending where the trend is..You might ask why??

Because every par has an average pip range and you will be closer to that average collocating your stop-loss  at the  high/low of each bar. As long as the market moves in your favor, trail the stop always looking at the high/low of the daily bar.That way you will give suffice room to breathe on your trade.

I use forex options as to hedge my stops, but that’s a looong story I will show you guys later on if this thread survives.

--- 帖子 #4 ---
Ok how about profit target

I personally let the market stop my trade either if I am in profit or not. But you can “scale-out” if you prefer at least you feel like you’re “day –trading”.

There will be a point in which you have to decide between be in and out of the market in short periods of time or be a consistent money-marker. I will let you come to that conclusion by yourself

Either way, if the market turns against me could be two things – a correction or a valid reversal. That’s a whole casserole for a discussion which I am not willing to exchange now. But as a matter of historical numbers, just go back 4-5 years on the EUR-USD  and tell me where  the historical trend is.

--- 帖子 #5 ---
So you’re bored??? I am so sorry

Trading is supposed to be boring my friend

The caisno is more exciting.

Oh here’s the  “modest price you will pay for this “system” if it has been helpful to you. I will go by numbers

1 $ if someone makes you feel “exciting” and after a reasonable time ask you for a “donation” – runaway  as fast as you can even if you have to leave part of the clothes behind.

2.$ If you get to the profitland – please help free of charge at your fellow-neighbor trader. After all, there’s plenty of money in ALL markets for everyone willing to gets his/her hands dirty.

3$ Don’t over-complicate trading. Deal with it. Make it simple…and BORING

4$ Stop trying systems after systems, after systems, looking for something that “works most of the time”….bullshit!!! you’re unconsciously looking for the holy grail.

5$ stop relying on others and start to develop your own point of view about this business.

If I’ve been helpful to you, the above will be the price you’ll pay

Cheers

--- 帖子 #6 ---
This is great, Feb!!!

I'll work with this over the weekend.

There is also some excellent advice in that last post:-)

Thank you

--- 帖子 #7 ---
Thank you Feb!

You have some excelent advise. I couldn't agree more with you.

Specially: "get a live"

Beeing glued in front of the monitor for 12 hours a day cannot be the  goal!

--- 帖子 #8 ---
Thanks

I'll be happy to help

--- 帖子 #9 ---
Hi feb2865

It has been a while since I have seen such an honest, experienced trader post anything on these forums.  I must say thank you for your honesty and help.  I have been trading full time for about 8 months of which 6 months was on demo and so far so good.  But the longer I trade the more I realise that indicators are not worth it.  I do not fall for the argument that you will loose and that your winning trades have to be more than your losing trades.  I try NEVER to loose and sometimes I have given up on a winning entry as I was scared of losing, but so far I only had one losing trade in 2 months (real account) which also would have been winning trade if I didn't panick.

Enough about me, I wish I could learn more about the way you trade.  The focus in the forums are mostly on systems and indicators and the important things like S/R and trend lines get neglected.  Even some of the threads dealing with S/R or trend lines try to make it into some kind of system.  I do not believe in a system, but rather a methodology.  A system is too rigid.

My point is if you can find the time to help traders like me it will be greatly appreciated.  My skills about drawing trend lines and S/R has been greatly neglected and a good couch is needed to get them going again.  I trade on the 4 hour charts and I look at the daily charts to get the main direction.  I must confess that I still use indicators, but only on lower time frames to confirm entries, but the longer I go on with them the more I doubt their usefulness.  I recently got an pdf from the forum written by Pring on Peaks and Troughs which I found quite interesting.  I post is here for those interested.

Anyway, thank you for your comments so far and looking forward to much needed assistance in the future

farimir

--- 帖子 #10 ---
Thanks for replying farimir

There's plenty of traders outhere looking for a "signal" that spits "buy/sell" with a dollar $ at the end of the tunnel. Unfortunately, we have no choice but to rely on the past. But if we take the "averages of the past" in order to generate buy/sell signals, your trading will be affected in the long run therefore you equity curve will be diminish.

Yes you can make money off historical averages and stuff. But for how long??

Don't you think would be better to educate yourself as the following:

1) why the market moves like this??

2) what are the forces that moves (shifts) the markets between supply and demand??

I am not a fundamentalist. But I keep my ear on the ground. Forex is greatly affected by events, probably more than any other market. So you must have a little bit of both or at least create a balance.

A word about trendlines and S/R lines -

They're good as long as you use them as simply as guides. Yes this sound as a contrarian of the popular believe but I've try many times  up and down and in my experience they're good as simply guides.

Trendlines, fibos, pivot points. S/R lines, etc are great indicators to show you in what shape the market is. I use S/R lines to identify bull flags and consolidation patterns. Not rocket science and if you see the second chart I posted, it shows consolidation periods.

If I trade off them?? no way

I trade off weakness/strength = pullbacks and rallies - in other words = price. But the pullback- rally need to be comfirmed by a continuation pattern. Some people buy on pullback just to see the market going down another 200 points . I prefer to leave some money on the table, just to make sure the market has intention to resume what it left behind. Hope you understand what I am talking about.

I will post more My daughter is bugging me on the phone...nah just kiddin' hahahahah

--- 帖子 #11 ---
Not to be sarcastic but hey you've just discovered support and resistance :-p

--- 帖子 #12 ---
feb2865

Thank you for your response.  I'm sort of getting where you are going.  I must tell you that I do not like fundametals at all, but I also do sort of keep my ear to the ground.  Mainly reading my brokers fundamental notes etc which is ok.  I agree with you on trend lines, S/R lines etc that they only assist in trading and can't be the reason for buying or selling because they are simply not reliable enough (just like indicators RSI. MACD etc).  It is exactly with the reason for buying or selling and exactly what triggers this that I need help with.  At the moment I do not stick to one or even two things, I just trade when I think I need to which isn't the best (this sounds worse than it is).

I like that you say you trade on price and on a pullback and I would like to learn from you how you decide that something is a pullback and when is it trend change.  I know one can use fibo lines, price patterns, S/R lines , fundamentals etc, but how do you do it.  If you are in the market for such a long time you must be doing something right and you are not messing with a demo like most other people posting systems.

Anyway, just a few thoughts.

--- 帖子 #13 ---
Ok

I look at what's been going on historically on whatever I decide to trade

Just go back in time ...ask yourself  what's been going on at the EUR/USD since x amount of time...lets say 5 years back??

well, I believe you found an answer. Now look at ALL the pullbacks and tell me exactly when th EUR/USD had a reversal in that period

How often does occur??

So based on the information above...on what side you should be in???

Listen, none is capable to predict where the market is moving next. We can only make an educated guess. We just need to improve our odds and play them accordingly. As simple as it looks people STILL insist to look for an off/on button that spits dollars like hotcakes. It doesn't exist.

Another thing to consider: Big players are looking into "key prices"

Like...EUR/USD - 1.45  OR 1.50 maybe???

Dow jones at 14,000

S&P 500 AT 1500

ETC

Another thing I look for is intermarket relationship

I.E   Crude Oil - USD/CAD

USD/JPY - Mini dow (YM) or any of the e-mini's for that matter

Just to keep your head up. Please don't mistake like some people do...trading withe oild is up or down for instance

you trade only price

cheers

--- 帖子 #14 ---
Me too, I think I'm still missing the point.

--- 帖子 #15 ---
These are the systems that perdure in time. Common sense, simplicity, and knowing what is happening with the pair.

Could you post a 4hr chart to see the way inwhich you see your pullbacks?

Thanks Feb.

--- 帖子 #16 ---
I'm enjoying your observations....looking forward to more.

--- 帖子 #17 ---
I am going to make your life even easier. Just follow me on this

let's start with a very simple trendline on the daily charts

The blue "down" lines are for corrections - well a fancy way of calling a pullback

anyway note the depth of these corrections - some of them are shallow while others are deep, like the first one.

but there's a problem

how to avoid...or better to say,  minimize my risk of getting  caught up in a correction for 200-400 ticks???

stay tuned

--- 帖子 #18 ---
Let's take the first correction - ended on August 16 2007

Notice the candle (you can use bars fireworks or whatever makes you happy) that says "look at this bar"

what happened to the high of the preceding day??

it was taken right???

kinda of a small rough ride afterwards in my opinion. But it's ok

so if the higher/high of ....let's call it the "reversal candle" ( oh boy I sounded like a guru LOL...of course I am not)

and you know the trend is up (despite the deep correction...I mean commo'n you know the trend was up after the correction rigth???)

so with this scnenario...what you should do??

A: Watch CNBC to comfirm if you should trade

B: Throw some stochs or big mac's to "confirm the trend" and then trade

C: Consult the tarot cards to see if you should trade

D: keep looking for another "system" to comfirm what you already see

E: Place your stop-loss accordingly AND GET ON THE DAMM MARKET!!!

but hey...we're not done yet

ok go ahead and get the popcorn...the microwave is beepin' ....don't let it burn

just tell me what happened with the market next???

A: Did the trend continued??

B: or not??

Ok go back to the previous chart and look closely to the next correction after this one

and the next one

and the next one

I gotta rest for tonigth guys...if you're interested we can continue tomorrow....there's more

peace

--- 帖子 #19 ---
I forgot

Yes...how to lesser your risk on corrections

just look at the the post before

The market must show intentions to re-establish the trend

meaning

a break of the higher/high or a lower low

let the market come to papa - don't go chase it...

stay put. Wait for the break

that's why I wanted to show you the "reversal bar" and what happened afterwards..

I refine my entries on the 4 hour charts ( for you alcastro)

just to get a better deal (price speaking)

I'll go in more details tomorrow

Peace

--- 帖子 #20 ---
Great thread, Feb.

Looking forward to learning more from you. Thank you for sharing your prudence & wisdom.

--- 帖子 #21 ---
I got a couple of pm's ..thanks for the compliments

I'll try to help the best I can. I just gave you a sneak-peak there's a lot more

I'll stick around as long as my health permits

The idea is for you guys to start looking at the market as it is...a big-ass auction where price is the only consideration invloved.

again thanks for the compliments

see you guys tomorrow

--- 帖子 #22 ---
Hope you elaborate the above when you're more ready. Thank alot

--- 帖子 #23 ---
ferfuxake, next you'll be telling them all about "Stop-Buys" & "Stop-Sells" and giving away the best kept secret, the "edge"

Doesn't matter I suppose, 'cos no matter how hard i try to convince people to give up a few pips by not trying to trade the exact reversal, all they can ever see is the pips they have "lost" by buying "too high" or selling "too low".

you can show them any number of stats showing the probablity (and actual results) of trend continuation using Stop-Buys/Sells versus getting stopped out on an unconfirmed reversal, but it seems like double-dutch to most people.

keep up the good work, best thread on the forum !

--- 帖子 #24 ---
Great thread and simple to comprehend.  This is the way to instruct  - nice and easy - no rush.  Thanks much.

--- 帖子 #25 ---
I haven't forgot about you guys on the options stop-loss strategy

Please stick around. I don't want to confuse a lot of people jumping in and out

I promise I will get into that very soon.

Please notice that on the reversal candle on the last chart I posted. , there's a V shape formation going on I should say most of the time ( a side note: there's not a sure -fire thing in any market ok?)

could that be a change of sentiment???  maybe...

you job is to enter as soon as you see that V formation....and place your stops and trail them accordingly

Don't be a fool and get on board thinking that a correction has ended. Risky business in my opinion. Make sure the trend has resumed. Remember...always look for that V pattern

A word on lower time frames

4 hour charts are some sort of a " looking for a sale(bargain)" window

let me explain

let's say the higher high the day before was broken. Most likely ( you will never hear me say "always" or "definitely") the market is looking to resume the trend. Let's say the high was taken @ 1.4450..well I will get down on 4 hour charts looking for 1.4430 or better to go long...

Do you have to look for that discount all the time??? no

Just that for me (very subjective) I like to buy stuff on sale (or sell stuff for profit)...don't you??

Markets in a pure definition are nothing more than a big auction. Think about it

Consideration involved = price

Consideration = something of value

Most of the time, traders believe that price is cheap/expensive....Although I personally disagree with that concept, unfortunately we need to follow the crowd.

be right back (I wish I could live in a world with no phones....don't they sometimes bug???) LOL

--- 帖子 #26 ---
I have read this with interest. I like the style, and as a member of James16 PF, I am familiar with your basic theory so far. (You two have similar thoughts.)

The one thing I would point out to these guys is that you are advocating taking very few trades. This goes against human nature. (This is what I believe you mean by saying trading is supposed to be boring.)

It is very hard for the new guy, or any of us for that matter, to take a trade on a pair every 25 days for example. (Although I firmly believe this is the road to riches.)

I think too many of us get into this with the thought of riches, because only 20 pips can mean $200. This is using too much leverage for most of us here, as we are still learning, and even fewer of us have $200,000 accounts.

Besides, it's much easier to risk say.....25 cents a pip, at 200 pip-stop loss, as opposed to $10 a pip at 20 s/l. (Assuming you have the amateur sized account.) Damn greed, will make you learn the hard way.

From a psychological point of view, this way is a little harder, because you might be down 40 pips, up 80, then b/e, and FINALLY - it takes off. I still see this as the way, and support what you are doing.

I'm just playing devil's advocate.

However, I really like your teaching so far. And I hate moving averages, so you already get my vote!

You have a new fervent reader.

Clockwork

--- 帖子 #27 ---
Feb

Looking forward to your next posts.  As said, I also like your style.  Do you only trade EURUSD?  I must say that I am not totally against moving averages, but I'm against how most people trade with them.  Trading crossovers etc is not for me (might work for some people), but using 2 or 3 widely used moving averages (50, 100, 200) as support and resistance points (the same way you use trend lines) definitely works for me.  It is like using Fibo, a lot of people use them so they sort of become self fulfilling.  Anyway, just my two cents.  Looking forward to the rest.

--- 帖子 #28 ---
Thank you clockwork for your comments. I agree with you completely. I am like  that movie very much and I am a huge fan of Pink Floyd (Atom heart mother theme at the opening is awesome)

The psychological standpoint is very important and it's one of the reasons I started this thread. I don't bash people using indicators and everything but they tend to build a whole religion out of indicators. Another reason I started this thread is to shake up this "new religion" build around this Cornelius system, which is nothing else but wash-out indicators used for years and years.

It's easy to say " buy when the light is green and sell when the light is red" and...you could get profitable, of course you do. But...

Then it happens that one day the market reach 1.30 or 1.40 or (dow) 12,000 etc and all of the sudden...the control panel doesn't work.....

Then you got frustrated....and you go with something like "this system is useless"...or , let me add x and x to make it more "efficient"

So, they spend their whole lives looking for a system that "works most often than not"""

If you can get an edge on the Big mac or RSI well more power to you.

But I learned thru the years that price is king. At the end,  nothing else matters.

If anyone need a moving average to tell  where the trend is.....I smell trouble

Take the market for what it is...a big auction Don't following a "system" to the core placing all your hopes like a Jim Jone's cult. All markets are nasty. The market won't care if you have a good system or not. It's a beast waiting to take you hard earned dollars.

Be smart. Buy on strength. Sell on weakness...after you confirmed the direction of the trend as I stated before. That way you will minimize the chances of getting burned on a correction.

Support and resistance - correction and continuation  - will never go out of style as long as there's supply and demand.

Farimir

I like EUR-USD better than the others because is more gentle volatility speaking(most of the time) not as spiky as cable. I don't trade very often, unless I see a good offer. But that's me, my personal and unique biased opinion. I trade currency futures and some others like ag's , mini's etc

Actually as today 11-05-2007 I see a small pulback on the EUR-USD on the daily chart. Keep your heads on.

cheers

--- 帖子 #29 ---
Clockwork

About timeframes, I started this thread because I trade off daily charts. O f course you can correlate any time frame you like. Just make sure "noise" won't give you  false signals. I personally think anything less that 4 hours is noise, especially in forex. It's something you need to see for yourself.

I don't like to tell people "this doesn't work" I like for the to experience by themselves. Hopefully not in a live account.

Yes trading should be boring. Well, some traders have the necessity to  pull the trigger all the time, because subconsciously they MUST be at the market constantly in order to make a living. They end up chasing the market and forgetting about their strategy.That's a recipe for disaster.

If you want to be in profitland, you need to be the predator.....like a cat moving the tail in front of a mouse. Wait for the right moment to jump in. It is sometimes boring to be the predator...very boring...but it works...just try it.

Here's a classic - futures - S&P 500 (E-MINI'S)

I place very strategically resting order with a small limit 2-4 ticks above below pivot points...why??? because the market reacts most of the time when it get to the pivots. There's plenty of stop orders to be hit and ...somebody has to be at the other side don't you think??? and even better, poor souls buying on breakouts...oh boy it becomes a carnage on the pits...

I call this a bread and butter strategy.....not to be confused with any other

That's a truly example of be a predator.

--- 帖子 #30 ---
Thanks for sharing feb. this is truly incitefull!

I look forward to more.

--- 帖子 #31 ---
EUS-USD is having an impasse between 1.4404 and 1.4522 -1.4527 area

keeps you heads up. Look for the upside

I haven't check the calendar to see if there's any news from the aussie tonight. But if does it might move the dollar.

--- 帖子 #32 ---
Hey FEB,

thanks for all this info. The more I learn about Forex, the more I trade, the more I believe that pure PA is the way to go. It makes a lot of sense. At least to me, a self-made skeptic. So your thread is fesh air among the smog of indicators that tend to contaminate so many trading charts.

I am looking forward to your future posts - if your phone allows you to continue writing!!!

--- 帖子 #33 ---
Thanks mate .

--- 帖子 #34 ---
This method is a classic and still one of the best way to trade stocks, but in my opinion if you want to get more pips you'll need to get into the trenches and trade inside  the consolidation zones; this is where the extra cash comes in.  I mean, what do you do when there's a 6 weeks stalling period?  I don't think I can afford to sit around that long.  Just my 2 cents.

scalpt

--- 帖子 #35 ---
Er... well, I'm VERY happy to start looking, but at what? Do I have to be a mathmatician to know what you're referring to...?

C'mon, a clue :-)

--- 帖子 #36 ---
yeh you have to give some idea surely

--- 帖子 #37 ---
I completely disagree. Getting into the trenches will get you killed more often than not. No offense buddy but you should read carefully the whole thread before posting.

I also remember something about Feb stating a preference on bigger time frames. I assume is just a personal preference.

This method is not just about waiting. The key element here is a confirmation of a fractal. Doesn't matter what market you're trading, it always work.

I've been watching this thread and I am implementing this strategy on 1 hour charts and the results are definitely impressive!!

Great thread Feb!!!!!

--- 帖子 #38 ---
Hi People

As mentioned previously, I also like this thread as it brings something new (actually it is old) to the table.  It seems easy enough, but I think the interpretation is the key to all of this.  I'm not a newbie, but I also am unsure if I'm missing something.  I would really like to see more people posting some charts, not only Feb (if he is ok with this), especially the people that think they have the concept.  We can all learn from this and discuss a chart further.  It doesn't have to be only the EURUSD as I'm sure this will work on anything.  A picture is worth a thousand words.

--- 帖子 #39 ---
Ok, I will go first.  I hope a attach the chart correctly.  This is a daily chart of EURCHF.  The last bar is still forming.  If I understand the thread correctly, I have to wait for a turn up of the correction currently happening.  We might end up with a hammer candle at the end of today coming from the 38.2% fib level and previous support.  If we get an up day taking out the high of this last candle we can look for entry on the 4 Hour chart.  Am I on track or am I missing the point?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #40 ---
If you're using the 1 hr chart, to me, you are trading in the trench.  This is the zone where I made most of my pips, and where most traders stay away from.  I don't want to be in the way of this thread but if anyone seriously want to implement this method I'd suggest also to learn the chart using entry and exit from Dan Zanger at: http://www.chartpattern.com/cf/index.cfm

Good trading to all,

scalpt

--- 帖子 #41 ---
Here's where I get tied up in a knot...

This is the AUDUSD 4hr chart for today. I can see the 'obvious' entry points at A, B, C, D & G. But at E & F would I wait for the candle to close? If so, both would've been losers.

If these are not valid entries, what differentiates them from previous candles that took out the highs of the previous candle? Is it that the swing low at Z defines this whole section as a correction to the bigger uptrend — a correction that we should wait to be 'taken out' by a move above some other 'high' like, say, at Y?

Thanks for being able to have this discussion :-)

--- 帖子 #42 ---
...and I'm assuming, feb2865, that you get out of trades during each pullback, waiting for the continuation signal to re-enter? If so, what do you use as a definition of a pullback? I mean, at what point do you get out? After one bear candle? Two?

--- 帖子 #43 ---
I'll be up in a moment.....stay put

--- 帖子 #44 ---
you sound like you have come across something good mate. probably what all the successful traders are doing. give me a clue then i can study it...please

--- 帖子 #45 ---
Fiveshorts I'll answer your question in a moment

Guys, there's no need to be in the shambles because of a time frame thingy...I prefer longer time frames. It's me. I find anything lower than 4 hr is noise. You trade whenever you feel comfortable. Just don't get fooled by noise. A crude reality of lower time frames is that you're more exposed to news and noise. But it's up to you. I like my life easy. If you need to be constantly on the lookout for report and stuff, well then trade off lower time frames...whatever fit's your style.

I brought this thread to have a nice place to discuss price action. But you need to be discretionary in your trading. The rules are simple an straightforward. The whole idea is for you guys to have a clear and unbiased view of the market.

Fractals can be deceiving. That's why I need for the market to "confirm" the move for me in order to get in.

Fiveshorts - in my way of trading - a pullback must have a reversal candle for me to get in. I could see 1 2 5 10 "down" candles, to me it doesn't matter. That just keep my heads up. Nobody knows how far the market could go so it's better to stay put. I must see a reversal and then a continuation.

About profit taking, well depending on market conditions and  money management rules, I scale in or out at every correction. But I am not going to discuss this in here as I stated on the first post. There's nothing right or wrong it all depends on your risk tolerance and time horizon. As for some unfortunately, they need to be pulling the trigger constantly. As I said in an earlier post, that's a recipe of disaster. Please don't confused this with timeframes. It's more on the psychological side.

Corrections has a lot of meanings for everyone. It could be scared money, it could be profit taking etc...you are trading off the charts so basically you don't care. As long as you have your stops in place, you just go with the flow. Make your life easy.

Fiveshorts, look at the big picture. Not just the pullback, be on the lookout on what happens next.

Also, I am on the lookout for periods of consolidation. Just check on the last chart I posted and tell me what happened today.

--- 帖子 #46 ---
Great post, and yes....anything under 4 hours is noise, as I have proven to myself numerous times.

Clockwork

--- 帖子 #47 ---
I understand that, and thanks, but I guess what I'm asking is — if you're already IN a trade (let's say long), how much of a reversal does it take to make you decide to scale out (or close out) to wait for the continuation?

--- 帖子 #48 ---
For instance...

--- 帖子 #49 ---
Feb

Can't we just work through a few examples?  Just to get the idea from start to finish.  I'm also very excited but it seems I'm still missing a lot and I think other people too.  Thanks for your patience and willingness to help.

--- 帖子 #50 ---
I agree, to a pro trader like yourself feb all this probably seems so easy and simple to understand but a few charts and examples would be great.

--- 帖子 #51 ---
Some guys get out at your set pips limit, and get back in when price reversed and continued passed your last exit, or when price just passed the last reversal point.

--- 帖子 #52 ---
I use the same pattern as if I decide to go in - a  reversal/confirmation candle, When that happens, I take some profit and leave some compounding. But you don't have to do that you can close all take some and get in on the next ride. There's room to play.

or I just get stopped out hopefully in profit. I believe as long as you follow the trend you'll be alright.

Go back at the beginning of the thread there's some stop-loss rules. They play an important role in my trading. You can apply them to any timeframe just be aware of the noise.

If you have any doubts just tell me. I am willing to help

Peace

--- 帖子 #53 ---
exactly

--- 帖子 #54 ---
Guys -

What we have here is someone who obviously gets it, and is trying to teach others.

The problem I see arising already is that we have random posting, and this is what always kills a thread.

Please, let's stick to the subject at hand. This thread is not to go on and on about time frames, and which one is better. (There are plenty of argument threads out there to post in.) And it is certainly not a thread to talk about other "systems" and how great they are. (Especially when they aren't even divulged.)

I think what he is saying is that he feels more comfortable trading daily candles. And, I agree. Are we right? YES. FOR US.

But one thing it allows me to do is have a life. TRADE TO LIVE, NOT LIVE TO TRADE. (Best advice I ever received. Before that, I was scalping all day, and therefore wasting most of it in front of a computer.)

I am sure this post is opening me up to some abuse. Which to be honest, is fine. I am just stating the obvious. He has something to teach, it's clean and simple, and wants to share his wisdom. Let's not cloud it up with a bunch of non-sense.

If you found a great system, congrats. I am truly happy for you. If you want to trade the millisecond chart and can do it....cool. But at the end of the day, if we all make some money, that's what it is all about.

Good trades everyone.

Clockwork

--- 帖子 #55 ---
LIKE THIS

--- 帖子 #56 ---
Thanks a lot for your comments clockwork!!!!

--- 帖子 #57 ---
In the spirit of curiosity, not confrontation... :-)

--- 帖子 #58 ---
...because reversal candles are only reversal candles when they close, surely?

--- 帖子 #59 ---
yes absolutely everything must be done at the close

--- 帖子 #60 ---
I am always happy to help

as a general rule I play consolidations in two ways,

1) If the market keeps going, I add to my position

2) If I see like two lower lows, then I might scale out

I used the word "might" because in that matter is definitely a discretionary call.

If is a shallow pullback you might scale out 1/2 or 1/4 ...it all depends on how much you have in and how much you want to get out.

or just close the entire position of you're micro-trading and go back at the next ride...the beauty of it is that you have the ball at your court.

You need to position yourself as what you want to accomplish in this business.  Time horizon,  profit targets etc.

--- 帖子 #61 ---
Listen guys

Don't marry yourself to anything nor any market. Be diverse. I know this is a forex forum and everything but will be nice for you to learn about equities, bonds etc.  Think outside the box. You have no idea how the forex market will be by 2008???  so if you're married with this market and things goes south, then you're screwed... Markets conditions do change.

Another thing, don't take anything you see or hear as a face value. Don't drawn yourself into this "how to trade the NFP" or "surefire systems" outhere. On the long run, that's a looser's game.

Yeah you get excited when you win I mean it's normal. This is a long race, not a sprint. You have a "crossover system" that has a 99.9% of accuracy in backtesting...wow impressive isn't?? So you start pumping your hard earned dollars( and in many cases borrowed) and after a period of time (many times short) the market begins to shift......on boy what should I do now???? I just lost 67k I borrowed from uncle Tom

Don't be a fool. The market is nasty my friend. Remember back in Feb 2007??

Real players are the one's who take the market as it is - a big auction. they read price and act accordingly. My challenge to all of you is to start thinking differently.

Of course there;s plenty of money to be made on the markets

Just take time to understand what's going on. Be an avid student of the market, not a system - That's why I named this thread with irony

All begins with price., once you get the hang of it, you feel that you're in business. Don't take my word and try it.

Talking from experience

Just a little food for though

Peace

--- 帖子 #62 ---
and

"I have never felt so excited in my life .......i feel like i have won the lottery lol...i want to share it but i do know that if many use one thing then that one thing becomes useless...All i can say is use two time frames one for your trend and the other for entry point....and it's ALL price action..."

and

"I just got 3 more"   ?

mrjdude, I`m sorry but I have to ask.

What is your point in these posts?

Feb is here as a person who has discovered a profitable way to trade and is trying to help...

What is your agenda?

If you want to share ....share.

If you want to brag ,go have a drink with your buddies.

--- 帖子 #63 ---
I agree just go away mrjtdude.

Standard scammer practice. I have found holy grail and will give you a clue but you need to figure out the rest yourself.

Feb has started a great discussion here and it doesn't need nonsense like mrjtdude.

--- 帖子 #64 ---
I cannot tell you how many times ignoring this simple rule has burnt me.

Trying to "anticipate" the move can get you killed. (Or, at best.....you get out with small loss/profit.) This can lead to a lot of psychological damage. And for you new guys, trust me - this kind of thing can add up in your mind. (For the longest time I wouldn't trade GBP/JPY because of a few bad trades in the early days. Or, I would take profits WAY too early.)

Right now, I am watching a wicked reversal candle on the AUD/CAD pair, and being patient. If it turns out to be a good trade (i.e. back into the massive box) it will be worth something. However, this is more of a range play, using same concept.

Too many times in the past, I have gotten in on the candle alone, only to get hurt. I am not saying it ALWAYS worked out that way, but it does enough to get you hurt.

By the way, I am referring to the 4 hour chart....daily shows promise too, however, at the moment, I can only wait and see what we get here.

(Box from 0.8550 to 0.8840)

I would guess that Feb would say wait until we get a clean break....and I have to agree it makes it easier.

I once did some work for a Fugitive Recovery Agency. (same thing as bounty hunter.) Trading is similar in the same sense that you never want to be the first or last in. (Those are the guys that are more likely to get hurt.)

Clockwork

--- 帖子 #65 ---
here is a website with some info http://www.jesse-livermore.com/

Febs foundation before modified with his own twist.

--- 帖子 #66 ---
mrjtdude

I know what you feel.  Jesse livermore has been my inspiration due to the simplicity of his methods. I don't follow then to the core, but the "pivotal points" as been a fundamental part of my trading I will love to see how it changed you whole trading style as I assumed you discovered something new (or old?)

anyway if you don't mind, please let us know what happened. I am definitely  curious

Peace

--- 帖子 #67 ---
GPB/JPY is definitely a rough ride. I have plenty of heat from crude oil and e-minis already

AUD/CAD....how does this pair works for you clockwork???

" that you never want to be the first or last in.   exactly how I think

--- 帖子 #68 ---
Hi Feb,

Could you please shed a light on how you would enter and trade the trend continuation given the consolidation?

Thank you.

--- 帖子 #69 ---
???? random statistic ?????

From what I have observed, this is exactly where most newbies aim for (for the "long term" trend  )

--- 帖子 #70 ---
feb. can you post your staitment of one month. We want see how to trade...

Thanks

--- 帖子 #71 ---
What an excellent thread you've started here Feb, thanks

M

--- 帖子 #72 ---
Well, the AUD/CAD pair works as well as any other pair for me. (I trade charts, so a hammer is a hammer for me.) But, it is an odd pair in the sense that you have two really strong currencies. It's like all the others, except that it takes it's time often. (However, I don't trade this one very often....for whatever reason?)

GBP/JPY is a rough ride, but as I have learned proper position sizing..... it is a lot easier these days. In fact, the last two months has been my biggest winner. This pair is often calling for a stop-loss of 200 pips. It's just how it is. So, for example - I tend to play smaller lot sizes on this one, so I don't risk more than 1 or 2% of may account. (If the stop has to be 200 pips....so be it. I just have to settle for less a pip. The good news is that it will give me 50 fast.....)

I find that depending on the pair, you have to adjust the stop loss size. Take a look at reversal candles on different pairs.....

EUR/USD might be something like 75 pips long, while GBP/JPY can be something like 150. It's all in the size.

My personal belief is that GBP/JPY takes more mental fortitude than anything else. The technicals are all the same.

Now if my stupid broker offered CAD/JPY, we'd be in business.

Oh well, I guess I have to keep earning in Swiss Francs. There are worse things in life, I suppose.

Love this thread.

Clockwork

--- 帖子 #73 ---
Sydney

I trade a variety of markets. Forex is just one of them. If you're trying to see how I do, we should be back to probably 1989 when I started on nasdaq.  Actually I barely traded Forex on 2006 as I think it was not a good year  especially for EUR/USD.

I see things on the long run. I am not active as I was because I don't have to(please don't get me wrong on this comment ). I had losing periods like everyone else. I just learned thru experience  how to minimize risk. But trading/investing, etc is risky.I have no other way to put it.

This is a business based on probabilities. You just need to make and educated guess. but you need to get on the ride. If not there's no way of knowing until you get your hands on the fire.

I  got motivated to start a thread in this forum, (as you notice I don't post very often) as I watched on that Cornelius system and followers going down the drain. I am just amused on how many people fall trap into following an individual/system and not been inquisitive, especially when is your own money we're talking about.

I am not here to patronize a system. I would like to help people learn how to read the market thru price and also develop their own view. Don't take my word of anyone for granted. I am only bringing experience on the table that's it. Draw your own conclusions on the market based on analyzing and research of the markets and I bet you will have success in the long run.

It all start as looking on the market as a big auction. I will never get tired of saying this.

Peace

--- 帖子 #74 ---
Once the market has broken the "box" wait for a pullback at a lower time frame. Don't go blind chasing the market, that's what everyone does and believe me there's a lot of sharks outhere waiting on "breakout traders" to hunt them down. Play smart. Make sure the market has intention to resume the longer time frame. Wait for the market to come to you...AND ALWAYS WAIT ON THE CLOSE (yes capital words included) Don't play in the middle of the move. Yes clockwork I am looking at you........ LOL

Stay away from round "key" numbers i.e 1.4500 - 1.4600 etc - there's a lot of sharks on these waters waiting to hunt your money down. Let the market move away from there. This is applicable to ALL markets. I was on the pit I know this from experience. Forex is no different on this matter.

Or

Plays devil's game and place resting orders on key levels to screw all this "system followers" traders....oh boy that's "evil"...I think I am talking too much  hahahahahaha

well I am here to play a "saint" not to be devil's advocate so let's move on.

peace

--- 帖子 #75 ---
How low a time frame would you go down to, Feb?

--- 帖子 #76 ---
In forex the lower I go is 4 hours. That' me as I don't like to be sit in front of a computer all day, unless I have a valid reason (like when the dow reach a significant number) but that's another story and another market, which I play rough.

I don't like the noise in forex.

You can go as low as you want.  Remember the lower you go, the  higher the noise. If you trade currency futures you can go as low as 1 tick. Just make sure you get profitable in the long run.

Peace

--- 帖子 #77 ---
Hi Feb,

I agree. I think this is what high probability trading is all about.

Thank you for explaining.

--- 帖子 #78 ---
If your daytrading any market I would suggest using tick charts because they are easier to see structure in the market.

I use 5 ring pivots mostly to try to filter out noise.

If you can conquer the correction with minimal drawdown you should have no problems making nice returns.

I currently use 1000 tick and 100 tick charts in my trading with ZERO indicators.

The only thing I add to my charts is horizontal lines.

The BIGGEST advice I can give anyone is always remember for every advance there is a correction.

If this doesn't help then maybe you need to stop trading all together.

Like Feb says use your brain don't just wait like a bum on the street....take action and figure it out!

If producers of trading systems worked consistantly then they wouldn't sell it to you.

--- 帖子 #79 ---
Ok now is when I keep my ear on the ground

Tomorrow and Friday, there's a bunch of reports  piled up all together. We had a "down day" today in all markets I should say. Kinda tempting to "buy a discount" but will advise caution. Let the smoke clears.

In other words, let the fools kill themselves. After that. pick up the pieces.

Play smart

For those following intermarket relationship, keep an eye on Merill lynch and Citigroup. Smells like we're heading to another credit crunch.

Morgan Stanley is writting off a whole bunch of loans. Not good.

Keeps your heads up......Poor dollar!!!!!!!! I definitely feel sorry for him

Peace

Note" If for some reason EUR/USD falls back bellow 1.45(of course depending on market conditions etc.) I am in!!!

--- 帖子 #80 ---
I have been quietly following this thread from the beginning and I want to personally thank you feb2865...It is not often that someone professional will selflessly devote his time to help others become more profitable.

There is a site called "Candlesticker.com" that shows different candle patterns and ranks their reliability...Do you use any specific pattern(reversal or continuation)when you have the pullbacks to confirm them?

thanks again

--- 帖子 #81 ---
I noticed there was a little confusin over what Feb is trying to explain.  I am not at all trying to steal your thunder Feb just offering my 2 cents on my entry style.  I am a bit more conservative with my entries. I do not like to fight the power (the trend) so I go with the flow and enter on the most basic of all formations 1-2-3.  Trend continuation.  This is what Feb has been advocating here along with using price action.  Follow the trend and let the market prove itself and show you entry areas and exit criteria based on price action.

I have marked up the GBP/USD with 1-2-3 points and where my entry and stops had gone.  There was 332 pips in between the first enry and the last possible entry.  You could have added on to your positins as the market continued to move in your direction.

I did not cherry pick this picture this is the current market condition and this is how I trade part of my system.

If you don't understand these formations and how to use them find a good book like Pring on Price Action or something and study it until you can spot these things in your sleep.

It's not magic folks just look at the charts it's right in front of you.

Hope this helps someone a little.

Nice thread Feb!

Trader_V

--- 帖子 #82 ---
Great explanation!! exactly what I am talking about

--- 帖子 #83 ---
Thank you master

--- 帖子 #84 ---
Thanks for posting Rick

Actually I keep my heads up for spinning tops/hammers. I don't trade off them, just I used them as a warning. If I see  a hammer on a daily chart I still go lower to check the quality of that pattern. Looks can be deceiving you know.

You'll notice that I don't  directly endorse any type of technique AKA candlesticks, trendlines, pivots etc. I do mention them and I think they're useful ....  I use some of them in a strangely unconventional way like fibos...

but they're just guides...like a roadmap. You still have to drive  the car.

Price is king. I like my charts plain.......I trained my naked eye to see the market as it is. I don't have any bull/bear/pig/sheep bias on the market.

Takes time but it's worth it. It's not difficult, just take a little bit of determination to make your charts clean...don't you agree??

Peace

--- 帖子 #85 ---
Naked chart on EUR-USD

Could anybody tell me what's going on????

How difficult is to know what's going on there??

Make a list of what's happening....notice the corrections,  size of the candles etc.

--- 帖子 #86 ---
Here's one (daily) for cable. - now compare it with EUR-USD and ask yourself what's going on???

--- 帖子 #87 ---
I most certainly agree!

How do you trade(or not trade) and identify trading ranges?

--- 帖子 #88 ---
Now, let's go a little further and check the S&P500 and make a little correlation here...notice The arrow on August 16 2--7.....now go back check cable and euro and look on that same date.

--- 帖子 #89 ---
One step ahead...the fabulous DOW JONES (Music please)

Also notice 8/16/2007....

Isn't that funny????

--- 帖子 #90 ---
I suggest all of you to study these charts very carefully. That,s how I do. Get your hands on the dirt and break your head.....I assure you it's worth it.

Don't be an ignorant just looking at one piece of the puzzle......check the whole enchilada.

Intermarket relationship is truly my edge...The rest is just the mechanics of trading AK entry/exit etc.

I always look on who's leading and who's lagging

everytime I find a sweet spot (8/16/2007)...is literally like printing money out of your charts....

How do you find a sweet spot on the markets???

Intermarket relationship....that's it

Peace

--- 帖子 #91 ---
Trading ranges are irrelevant in my humble opinion. I go down in time frame looking for a discount in price when a range occurs.

Like now the EUR-USD broke 1.45 and it's 1.46 something. If it ranges and goes down to 1.45 or less I'll be a buyer. If it keeps moving higher then I sit on my hands and wait for the next pullback. That's me.

People you don't have to play if you don't want to. Don't let the market manipulate you. If you feel that you missed the bus..I assure you there will be another ride. Just get on the next one.

You call the shots. Not the market

Peace

--- 帖子 #92 ---
A beautiful market probably my favorite

the cube's  qqqq -stock index

notice the same pattern - 8/16/2007

--- 帖子 #93 ---
First, I appreciate the bones you're throwing us here... I for one want to be able to see these opportunities as clearly as you guys do. So at the risk of exposing my thick-headedness, could I ask you to clarify whether the idea on the GBPUSD chart you posted was to stay in the trade from E1 to E7+ (and tough-out the retracements), or are you getting out on each retracement (like feb2865) and reentering on the continuations.

The way I read it, feb2865 is reading the price action and getting out on a valid pullback, then waiting for a candle to take out it's predeccessor's high and using that as a re-entry point.

I mean, are your 'E' points as I've marked them (with yellow), or are they at the '2' of your 1, 2, 3s?

Again, I'd rather be called stupid but get it, than just be too stupid to ask...

many thanks.

--- 帖子 #94 ---
This is what I got, so far. I'm a noobie naked chart reader, so don't beat me up too hard....

--- 帖子 #95 ---
I will respond to this one after my first cup of coffee in the moring.  But for now I gota get some shut eye before I crash.  Not to mention I can give you a much clearer answer then as well.

Nighty night

--- 帖子 #96 ---
OK one cup of coffee down now let's see if I can formulate a good answer for you

And let me just say no worries my friend. I know first hand as many of us do hat getting started in trading can be an exciting and then a very daunting adventure.

Actually before I answer your question let me just plug in a little more information in here. Many folks are attracted to trading forex, futures, stocks and just about any other thing you can think of because they see the opportunity to make a healthy living. However there are vry few who make it because they fail to put the time into developing their own mindset and trading strategy.

They will spend most of their time chasing the magic bullet system that will make them money hand over fist and turn their lives into a dream that most folks will only dream of. Let me set the record straight. There is no one magic bullet that fits all. There is one magic bullet for you and one for me and one for Feb and yada yada yada... You get the point. You have to find your own way in this industry with the guidance of those who have gone before. When I say guidance I do not mean blindly following someone else's methods. I mean allowing others to show you things that will in turn help to create your own magic bullet.

This is really getting long and I can go on all day about this stuff and other mental things but alas let me answer your questions.

FEB sorry for the long post brother man sometimes I get long winded...lol

Trader_V

--- 帖子 #97 ---
Trader_V

I really appreciate that comprehensive answer — I'm very glad you have access to good coffee!

So let me summarize (so I know I've understood):

What you look for in a trendlike movement of price, is the taking out of your '2' points — this is your entry. You place your stops at the preceeding '3' and calculate your position size according to the risk that your stop represents.

You add to your position each time a new '2' is breached by price, and move the first stop and all new stops to each new '3' as it occurs.

You stay in the trade until the price hits the last stop you set.

I have to say, that is a very elegant technique :-)

Some thoughts then;

1. Do you set buy limits at your entry points ('2' breaks)? It would seem sensible, as you know where they are in advance...

2. Would you ever intervene and close out early — say if entry point E1 was followed by a decline rather than a rally and you looked set to make a loss down to your stop? Or do you just accept that and move on?

3. When a '2' is taken out, is your entry decision automatic, or are you still interpreting bar patterns at that point to 'justify' your entry?

Thank you both again for you time, and your willingness to share your experience. It really is appreciated.

--- 帖子 #98 ---
Fiveshorts, thanks for your questions they have helped answer some questions for me too

--- 帖子 #99 ---
I want to post a new chart with Trader_V's technique applied, but the ability to add attachments seems to not be working now...? Anyone else see that? Or is it just something at my end?

--- 帖子 #100 ---
Two new questions...

1. Why bars rather than candles?

2. When you're looking for a break of '2' do you let the candle close, or just enter on the break in a live candle?

This is one of the things I've never understood. In a 24hr market with no actual session opens and closes, what relevance does a candle or bar close actually have? For a start a candle close on my VT trader platform is completely different to the equivalent on my MT4 platform and both are different to my dealBook 360 platform.

If there was a universally recognized 4hr close 'moment' that everyone in the world worked to, I could see how it would have more significance, but to my mind, it seems such an abstract construction.

To put it another way; if I'm waiting for a bull candle to close and confrim a specific entry point on VT, the MT4 platform might already be drawing a bear candle and casusing a whole different interperetation. time is sliced differently by the different brokers.

Thoughts?

--- 帖子 #101 ---
Trader V I think you have understood the concept quite well. But there's a couple of things you need to be on the lookout

1) Risk. Remember, we're looking at charts based on hindsight. It's easy to say &quot;well I buy here and sell there&quot; but in real time, we don't know the outcome. I have a hard and fast rule of entering after the pullback is confirmed because my job is to preserve my capital and minimize risk. I am not saying that your point is not valid. I am really happy someone else can share my views and post charts and everything. It's better to leave some money on the table than get yourself burned in the middle of a correction. Play safe. Don't trust the market.

2) Corrections - based on risk. No one knows if you're heading for a big correction or is just a small hiccup. You can't see that on hindsight. Corrections is like a cracker jack box. Sweet and nasty and the &quot;surprise inside the box&quot; is sloppy. Corrections can fool you into think that the market is reversing.

3) Stop loss - If you're looking to place a trade on a 4 hr charts - place the stop loss at the high/low of the previous daily candle. That way you give your trade enough room to breath and time to mature. Don't place them on the same timeframe you're looking to trade. After that, trail the stop-loss using the low/high of the daily candle (low/high depending on where the trend is) Money management is a universally acclaimed principle and I am not banning it just that it's not enough. You need to preserve your capital, having a high-probable entry and managing your trade away from the fire i.e placing your stops too close.

Fiveshorts Don't pay too much attention on bars/candles/kagi. etc. It doesn't matter. Only pay attention to the price at the close. If you go down to a lower time frame, your job is to look for a price discount. That's it. Every trade must be done at the close...not in a middle of anything. Candles will provide you extra information, yes and as I said before I look at them. But don't let that turn into a bias because they could be deceiving.

Price discount are not necessary for a good strategy. I remember at the beginning of this thread I said that is not necessary to trade off the lower time frame. I remember I said I personally like to buy at discount and sell for profit. Another reason I prefer daily charts is because I get enough information from the market about trends. corrections etc. and the market has a already digested any news, report etc.

Once you have your setup in place, don't be trigger happy. Use the words if then in your trading.

If the market reaches xxxx price,  then, I'll be a (buyer/seller) You call the shots. Not the market

I am going to try to illustrate this on charts in a moment Peace

--- 帖子 #102 ---
Here you go

--- 帖子 #103 ---
Ok guys here you go.

--- 帖子 #104 ---
Thanks feb2685,  I'm hammering away with these questions because I want the wisdom to be innate in me, so to speak, then I can evaluate your philosophy against Trader_V's; against James16's etc — not in a combative way, just so I know that I'm using this Price Action in a way that suits me long term.  So, there's still one thing I'm not getting from the last chart you posted. Didn't you say that a candle's close should take out the previous candle's high to be considered an entry? If so, wouldn't the entry be on the next candle?  Apologies if this seems pedantic, but it makes a big difference to wait another day or even 4hrs, for confirmation.  Thanks again.

--- 帖子 #105 ---
yes entry would be at the next candle if it breaks the higher high/lower low depending on where the tredn is.  In order for you to have a vaild pattern you must wait at the close of the candle.

--- 帖子 #106 ---
I think we have something really nice going here in this thread.  Just a couple thoughts after reading your post.

It's a shame we don't live in the same area I bet we could have a nice little trading club where we could get together and share strategies and market talk.

--- 帖子 #107 ---
You are headed down the right path here.  I know James and his methods are sound he presents price action in a great way.  I am a member of his private forum and have seen the results of his teachings to others.

One thing I would advocate though.  While you can get a ton of information here from Feb, myself and a host of other great traders, I emplore you to pick up a book by one of the traders who have walked this path before.  Much of what is being discussed in this thread combines nicely with what you will get from one of Martin Pring's books.

This forum is a great source of knowledge but expand your learning base while expanding your knowledge base.

--- 帖子 #108 ---
Trader V

I think you have a solid point on the breakout. I am going to look at this matter more closely but I believe you have brougth an excellent point.

It's better to have more than one pair of eyes looking at the same thing.

Peace

--- 帖子 #109 ---
Additional reasoning for the breakout.

One other reason I like the break is, like in the example I displayed in a 1-2-3 formation point 2 is an area of resistance.  Although it is minor resistance it is resistance nonetheless.  In the example that you displayed there is a pin bar showing the end of a correction then a bullish bar following.  Some enter based on the pin bar alone.  While this is not a bad thing it just doesn't suit my style.

Glad I could bring something to your thread my friend.

I agree more sets of eyes are always better than one.

--- 帖子 #110 ---
This is so frustrating. I have charts I want to post, but can't add attachments anymore...  I've emailed the moderators, but no reply as yet.

--- 帖子 #111 ---
Give the Mods a chance.  I know it's frustrating but they will get to you.  And when you say anymore you mean the button to manage attachements is no longer there?

Also you can host your images elsewhere and link them in your post.

--- 帖子 #112 ---
[quote=Trader_V;1706551]when you say anymore you mean the button to manage attachements is no longer there?

That's right. It was fine yesterday. I've restarted; re-logged in; cleared cache and even switched browsers...  Hmmmm...

--- 帖子 #113 ---
That's odd who'd you piss off???...LOL just kidding. Have you tried another machine that you have never logged on from before?  Just an idea

[quote=fiveshorts;1706554]

--- 帖子 #114 ---
This is where I am lacking.....looks like have some investigating to do.

Clockwork

--- 帖子 #115 ---
find something you see that works at the present and type out the rules...repeat process each time you find something new...then go back and find the subsets of the working set....in this way you narrow dow what really does work

best regards,

jt

--- 帖子 #116 ---
OK! Back in business (with the attachments).

Here are a couple of charts I wanted to post earlier.

The first is a comparison of 4 hr candles between VT Trader 4hr and MetaTrader4. Don't want to get off topic, but doesn't it bring the concept of a closing candle into question?

--- 帖子 #117 ---
Then, I worked up two identical (live) charts with my interpretation of how feb2685's approach and Trader_V's approach might differ. (apologies to either of you if I've missed the point...)

Now, I say again, these are my takes on what you guys are teaching here — purely to keep the dialogue going and get an experienced critique of my understanding. In the next post I'll attach a blank version of the same chart and if anyone wants to re-annotate it with a new interpretation, feel free.

Thanks for all the explanations so far. This is fascinating and very enlightening.

--- 帖子 #118 ---
...and here's the blank.

--- 帖子 #119 ---
Here's another, respectfully, in the Trader_V 'style'.

Again, correct me if I'm wrong.

--- 帖子 #120 ---
OK the black line is entry red is initial stop and yellow is were I would advance the stop based on the price acion and long wicks at the peak. Looks like the NZD/USD

Nice going by the way

--- 帖子 #121 ---
OK I appreciate what you are trying to do here.  If you have not already done so go check out the site I posted earlier and examine the 1-2-3 formation.  Learn it and learn it well.

If there is one thing I wish someone wold have told me when I first started trading it is this:

Learn 1 pattern and learn it well to the point you can look at a chart and see it clearly and trade only that one pattern until you trade it well.  Then add on to that.

Look again at your E1 and really lok to see if it meets a 1-2-3 formation.  Trust me you will thank me later for making you do the work.

--- 帖子 #122 ---
I think forex brokers have a disagreement on price feed, I suggest you don't try to coordinate which one is giving you an accurate feed and concentrate in the one you're most comfortable with. I use currency futures.

I am not here to critisize brokers etc. It's just an observation.

--- 帖子 #123 ---
Guys

I have to address again the hindsight situation. Don't get fooled by past price action.

I could built a "system" around hindsight. Actually, all of these so called "gurus" are very handy into building (and making you believe) systems based on hindsight.

I mean. commo'n guys...... It's easy for anyone to tell you ...buy here and sell there if the market has been there already.

You need to read price action ******as is happening*****

At the moment you see a V pattern formed...go for the killing.....not later

You can't afford to play a sissy duck when you're trading.

I advocate a lot risk assessment. Sometimes you just have to miss the bus.  But when you see an opportunity,  go for it. Don't over analyze the charts. You already know what you're looking for.

Make your life easy.

--- 帖子 #124 ---
Thats where the juice is...great post feb2865 and great thread too!

Thx for your contributions

--- 帖子 #125 ---
Feb, TraderV and Fiveshorts,

this is a great thread and you guys are the ones who are feeding the fire here. FiveShorts is acting like a smart moderator interviewing two seaoned traders asking the questions that we all have. I have to confess, shamefully, that i have been in this forex business for some time now, looking for a system that will accomodate my style and schedule. I have tried in the past the 1-2-3 method` and the "J-hook" system. The latter resembles Feb's method. I didn't find them to work for me, not because the systems didn't work, but because I didn't have the discipline to really study them.

Any way, as I said before, I do not believe in lagging indicators so trading naked, and following pure price action is what appeals to me, and what makes more sense.

So...keep it on guys. There are some silent observers that want to absorb as much knowledge as you can pour in your posts.

--- 帖子 #126 ---
Is this not right?

--- 帖子 #127 ---
Wow. Alcastro, I've been reading your posts for the longest time, and now you're complimenting me... Good to see you here. I think this is a valuable discussion we're having

I'm just trying to let feb2865 and trader_V know that my questions are all positive and constructive, not challenges. I see so much ego on these and other forums — people who want to boast about their knowledge and dangle carrots in front of newbies — "you don't know what I know"...

feb2865, you started this post, challenging us to get off our butts; dust off our brains and use our eyes to look at price action 'in the raw'. Well, I'm just taking up that challenge and coming right back at you with questions. Not to prove you wrong, but to benefit from the experience you offered to discuss.

For me, that means taking your lessons and trying to apply them to real charts. Actually taking you seriously and doing the homework. I've long stopped listening to Holy Grail preachers with their hands out. If someone wants to share some real knowledge, I will take them up on it.

As long as you want to teach, i'll be there at the front of the class with my hand up.

--- 帖子 #128 ---
No problem. I am always happy to help.

Price will deliver plenty of information. I must say it takes time to train the naked eye. Take it easy. One day at the time. Be aware of that. No rush.

Make sure you qualify your setup. If you missed the bus, there will be another one. If you see the pattern, go for it, don't think twice.

Keep one ear on the ground. Forex is sensitive to news, reports etc. But don't be too "jumpy"  either.  I use the news to keeps my heads up . That's it.

Ask all the questions you want.

Peace

--- 帖子 #129 ---
Great job, everybody in this thread!!

Kudos to all the contributors (especially the starter of this thread ... feb2865)!

--- 帖子 #130 ---
Thank you

Always happy to help

--- 帖子 #131 ---
I gotta keep this one short so I appologize for the short post.

Your pont 1 and 3 are close but once a point 1 is surpassed by price it becomes null.  Now on the other hand (I didn't want to get into this yet but) points 1 and 3 identify a double bottom formation.

Take another look and try to find the proper 1-2-3's and soon you will spot them much easier.  Like Feb says take your time the markets are not going anywhere.  One day at a time will help you succeed taking in too much at one time can sometimes confuse your thoughts then you start to jumble your knowledge.  Learn one thing well first before learning the next.

As for the other folks who have complimented and the thread and me I thank you.  This thread is Feb's but if I can contribute something I am more than happy to oblige.

nighty night folks

Trader_V

--- 帖子 #132 ---
OK. I take your words to heart, thank you feb 2865. I'm not impatient, so much as keen to learn...

Let's try this a different way.

Here's a chart of today's 4hr NZDUSD. The trend is UP. Big drop yesterday on news. Green lines are daily/weekly pivots. Gray lines are previous S/R.

I'm not looking for a signal here. I don't want to be told what to do. But let's take this as an example, just this once, and learn from your approach to this specific setup. How does your thought process interpret this chart, as it stands?

I'm trying so hard to apply your ideas to realtime setups, but it's so easy in hindsight and so HARD in realtime...

Thank you.

--- 帖子 #133 ---
Great work fiveshorts, Trader_V and feb2865.  I like the charts that you post.  It makes so much more sense visually.

Looking forward to what's coming. http://www.forexfactory.com/images/icons/icon14.gif

--- 帖子 #134 ---
Perhaps this is early, but here is something I have been watching on the weekly chart of this pair.

Since the employment rate came out at a horrible -0.4% the other day, I think the rate increase cycle is done. I could be wrong, it happens.

Anyways, you will notice the white trend line. It's a weekly trend  line. You will also notice that we have broken through it once in a great, big, panic.

You will notice the pinbar (reversal candle) setting up on this week's candle. Another thing to notice is that this push up didn't rise as far as the last one.

I have drawn potential wave, or leg lines....whatever you want to call them. This in my opinion, could be the start of something ugly in this pair. (I have to admit here, this chart is a question also....is this what we are watching for as far as potential 1-2-3 patterns? I have never really used them to be honest.)

Like I said, I could be totally wrong here, and accept that. At this point I am watching this pair though.

Might be able to get 100 pips or so on a break of the pinbar, but the real money will be pouring in at .7300 (or a bit higher) in my opinion.

I am so interested in this pair, that this chart I am attaching is also now my desktop. (Which can only mean I am dead wrong, and will blow my account up. )

If I am right, I will be adding on every rally. So comon' kids! Everyone push, I need a nice 5-6 month run.

And boys and girls.....remember, this isn't trading advice. It's just one idiot's opinion.

Clockwork

Great postings as usual. This is rapdily becoming one of my favorite threads.

--- 帖子 #135 ---
As a P.S. to the above post, there is one other thing that I would add:

I don't know exactly how to quantify this, and therefore haven't acted on it. And, I can't really put my finger on why....

The Kiwi just isn't acting right. I cannot tell you why, maybe because I followed this pair very intently over the last year. I know that "feelings" or "intuition" cannot be part of a system, but it is just something I have thought for the past 2 months or so. Maybe it is possible to see things without knowing what you are seeing. You learn a pair's personality. And this one just seems sick to me.

I could be wrong. Either way, it seems to me we should know soon.

Clockwork

--- 帖子 #136 ---
First of all, I must thank feb2865 for starting this great thread and of course not forgetting trader_v and fiveshorts for their insights.

I would like to borrow fiveshorts recent chart to have a go at interpreting it. Thanks for the chart, fiveshorts

Please see attached file for the chart.

here goes:

Black numberings:- I would be a buyer should price close above 2

Red numberings:- I would be a seller should price close below 2

Please feel free to comment on my interpretations so that I can learn from all you great traders out there.

Thanks

kevtcw

--- 帖子 #137 ---
Guys

Please stay on subject. Just a reminder that this is a thread for those who want to read price action better and having a better and more sensible view of the market.

Peace

--- 帖子 #138 ---
Trying to do just that. I've been staring at NZDUSD 4hr and nothing else — just candles and relevant pivots — trying to focus on what PA is 'saying'. I thought I'd post the blank chart as a template for you and others to use as a discussion point — it's a current chart and we can watch it unfold.

But it's your thread feb2865, I'm just being annoyingly proactive

However you prefer to run it, that's fine by me.

respectfully.

--- 帖子 #139 ---
No offense intended Just that I would like to make sure we all stay in focus. I believe we need to discuss and be inquisitive as I am the first one to advocate that. Please don't take it personally and my sincere apologies if I've been rude on my comment. On the contrary I am personally taking notes on your questions and looking things from different angles. I would love for you to keep pushing the subject.

Being annoyinlgy provocative I believe it's necessary to keep the spark  alive, in my opinion.

Peace

--- 帖子 #140 ---
Absolutely no offence taken. Hey, I'm honored you'd take the time to host such a thread. I feel there's wisdom in your message that suits my vision of how I'll be trading going forward. I'm not a newbie to Forex, but I am a newbie to using price action as a standalone read on the market.

My intermarket skills are, frankly, non-existent. I have no clue how to relate the ups and downs of the S&P500 or Oil to currencies. Don't know how to even begin. I've been staring at the charts you posted earlier of the move on 8/16/07 and trying to understand how looking at one would have helped me in another, but everything just seems to be happening simultaneously... such is the depth of my ignorance. Or the shallowness of my understanding

I've been an indicator junkie too long. Not out of laziness, but because it's so alluring to think that some clever math and some graphical, abstracted interpretation of the chart will reveal a 'truth' about the market that otherwise would remain buried — and thus lead to buried treasure... I'm looking for the treasure, just like everyone else here. If I ever end up doing this just for fun, it'll be because I already found the treasure

I believe indicators have their value — I wouldn't accept that the Gann's of this world weren't on to something — but I want to go deeper and become more literate in price action itself.

Another thing that I've been studying — something I thought would transform my understanding of price action — is the role of Volume as it relates to PA. But I now see that it has almost no relevance in Forex (despite the tens of indicators written to make you think that it does), because Volume in Forex is not centrally reported like it is in futures etc. It's merely tick volume that's broker or data stream-specific. I spent a week learning how to read divergences and hidden divergences between volume and price, only find out it was irrelevant to Forex!

Anyway.

Martin Pring's book has just arrived on my doorstep from Amazon, so that's my weekend read taken care of.

Please, keep the examples coming. Keep the challenges to see what you see coming. Put the charts up and ask us to identify the opportunities and traps — doing it is the only way past the ignorance for me.

Thanks for your continued help.

--- 帖子 #141 ---
Without question, this is one of the best, informative and professional threads I have read on this forum.  Like many, I was taken in by indicators, mostly as a confirmation of what I was seeing or thought I was seeing.  Price action for me in the past was limited mostly to inside bars and buying/selling the break of the high/low of the IB.  This thread has opened my eyes to a few more tools that I can place in my arsenal such as the "V" to the 1,2,3 (2)break entry.

Many thanks to those that started this thread as well as to those who keep it going with their questions.

--- 帖子 #142 ---
feb2865 ... I would apprecate your feedback/opinion/advice about the following (I am open to feedback/opinions/advice from anyone else, as well, however I am trying to concentrate on feb's style of trading, so I need to keep it "trend" following on the Daily and not breakout, etc. ... thank you ):

I have recently gone from shorter-term to longer-term trading. What I am currently trying to test, however, is if I can capture some shorter-term TPs while I'm doing the longer-term. Besides the fact that banking some pips would be nice, I am mainly wanting to do this because I have to put a pretty large SL in order to do the longer-term trades, so it would help minimize my drawdown in the case of my SLs being triggered.

What I am doing is, putting in 2 lots initially on a position (1 lot with only a SL - I will manually exit the position when the Daily shows signs of a retracement, and the other lot I am putting a TTO (SL and TP targets)). The TP would be 50 pips (or at a major resistence/support level). Then when one TP triggers, I will enter another position at the right time when a retracement happens on the 30m. For entry I am using your example in Post #102. Basically, the 1 lot will stay in the long-term, and a revolving lot will be taking the interval TPs.

On my 4 recent trades, I would have banked a total of approx. 200 pips (around 50 pips each) before stopping out on them (I did manage to bank 66 pips on one of them, after realizing I should do this taking of shorter-term TPs, lol), so taking some 50 pip TPs would have helped in buffering my SL in this recent retracement of the pairs I was in (EUR/USD and NZD/USD) which totaled approx. -300 pips, lol.

In order for me to TP on the shorter-term trades upon re-entry however, I used a shorter-timeframe chart (the 30m). I originally thought I would need to do that for shorter-term TPs, and figured this price action method could be implemented no matter what timeframe is being used. I have attached a chart to show where I entered.

However, as I am writing this, I am almost coming to my own conclusion/realization that maybe even for the shorter-term TP, I should still be using the 4hr chart since there is more likely a higher degree of probability of it reaching 50 pips as long as I get in on the right candlestick and forget trying to re-enter on the smaller timeframes and just sit it out and only re-enter on 4hr retracements (this will certainly be a test in patience, lol). It will be less and far between, but it's probably a lot safer and more profitable in the long-run.

As I look at the 4hr chart, I can see now very clearly that my entry on the 30m chart is 3 candlesticks above where the better entry point would have been for the 4hr (.7735).

I thought the trend looked strong but because there's no telling when it can turn on you, I guess I can see now why it's better to use the 4hr at minimum for even taking shorter-term TPs.

Haha, it's funny how when you start writing down your thoughts like this, you can see better your mistakes and things start to become much more apparent.

Anyway, if you have any feedback/opinion/advice on my above, I'd love to hear it. This transition to go long-term from having traded 8 months short-term is not easy to get used to, but the more I look at the bigger picture of it, the more it just makes sense.

Your thread has been an eye-opener for me and I thank you and everyone who has contributed to it for the lessons/samples/dialogs and insightfulnesses (lol, if that's a word)!

--- 帖子 #143 ---
Here a pair of charts. One is the AU/US and it was atrade I made last week focusing on Feb's method: The orange broken line shows where i entered the trade. I had a Stop Buy order just at the low of the previous candle (the one just after the reversal candle). So far, so good. It has stopped at my resistance line. My position is still open, but it might bounce back up. I expect it to fall down to 0.8748. But I will have my TP a little above that. Just to be save. Meanwhile, I also have a trailing stop, so if it does not hit my TP and reverses I will be able to keep some pips.

The 2nd one is a trade I am planning for next week in the Eu/US. If that seudo-pinbar is a reversal candle, on monday I shall see a bearish candle and I will put my BuyStop Order at the low point of it. So if everything goes as planned I will be in the Euro by tuesday.

I know...I am an advocate for total nudity but I have indicators!!!! well..I use the EMA's that I have in my chart the same way that Phill uses them in his awesome thread about MACD. As S/R lines. And also as indicators of the speed of the trend: If the candles are closing above the 8 EMA the trend is moving fast. AsIt starts to drop to the 21 the trend starts to lose some fuel. I also have the ATR but that is to determine the size of my stops. 1XATR.

So FEB...how am I doing so far?

--- 帖子 #144 ---
Hi Kev,

Sorry I have not posted I have been kind of busy.

First thanks for the recognition.  It's always nice to hear or in this case to read a thank you.  And I think we are all greatful to Feb for bringing realism back to the orum along with the James16 Group.  Indicators have their place and yes I do use them but in a limited fashion.  Heck even EA's can be useful but ONLY if monitored.  I am not going to get into a long drawn out discussion on either of these right now because like Feb said let's stay on topic.

Price action can tell you so much about a chart and where the market may go it's not even funny.  Yesterday the market handed out pips for those who were watching.  Sadly though someone has to be on the losing side of the trade.  Thankfully in his market it is usually the brokers .

Ok now on to my thoughts.  I am going to have to break this up in multiple posts.

Feb my friend again I appologize to you for posting so many times and and i I speak out of turn please step in and smack me about a bit.

I have many thoughts and will try to produce them in a clear manner.

Stay tuned for the next post.

--- 帖子 #145 ---
A quick note on timeframes:

I make my entry decisions on a 4H TF.  I use the daily and weekly for areas of S/R and overall tend analysis.  I never enter a trade based on anything below a 4H chart.  In my opinion decisions made on anything lower than 4H charts are for individuals who are looking to get in and out of the market the same day.  Otherwise known as day traders.

Ok now that I got that out of the way…

Up until now we have been talking about using price action and how o use it to get into the market.  It is no big secret that making trades in the direction of the primary trend presents a trade opportunity with the highest probability.  So the question is going to come anytime now about how do we determine the trend?  What time frame is most reliable and so on and so forth?

Let me make this clear to anyone who reads this.  Lower timeframes build the trends we see on the higher timeframes.  So a 1H feeds a 4H which feeds a Daily which feeds a Weekly which feeds a Monthly.  So knowing this allows us to use this to our advantage to catch the intermediate or minor trends based on price action of lower timeframes.

What this also means is that one mans up trend is another mans down trend hence the difference in opinions about the market which cause price to go up and down.

There is no right or wrong only a difference in opinion about where the market is heading.

So do your analysis make your choices and stand by them.  If you get stopped out on a trade don’t let it affect your mentality about your ability to trade.  You will have losing days it’s part of the business and that’s the way it is.  There is not a business that I know of that hinges its success on its daily profits and losses rather it bases its profits over the longer time frame.

If you do not know how to determine the trend direction on your given TF then my suggestion to you would be to stop trading immediately and do some research!  Not trying to be mean just trying to save you some aggravation.

So what does all this mumbo jumbo mean anyway?  Well for KevTCW it means that the points that you have indicated on the chart you provided are areas that “I” would look at and trade on based on a violation of those areas.  This may not be the same for everyone who looks at it.  Someone else may interpret it differently and enter a short position at the Black number 2.  This is where Feb would most likely enter a trade.  I on the other hand am a bit more conservative with my entries and prefer to look for a breakout.  Let me caveat this by saying I do enter trades as Feb does but based on specific criteria I will touch on at a later time.

For now lets keep things moving in the right direction by understanding that we are looking to enter trades in the direction of the trend with an entry point based on a price action setup after a pullback or a break of he most recent #2 point after a pullback for you more conservative types like myself.

Still more to come.

Trader_V

--- 帖子 #146 ---
LOL, alcastro, you are so cute. I'm a woman, so I can say that to you : hopefully without you taking offense to it. I am married so don't worry I'm not hitting on ya  nor making fun of you, believe me, I am saying it with the most gracious terms of endearment at heart

I, myself, was still hanging on to several of my indicators, but decided that they truly got in the way of my eyeballs cuz they yelled out at me thus distracting me from focusing and concentrating on the price action. I took out all my EMAs and the Ichimoku and the only one I'm leaving is the Fractal, since that one I feel has some advantages with using with this price action method. But I know how hard it is to go completely naked, so I can relate to ya, lol.

For my EUR/USD, I can see that this was my problem. I didn't put my SL at the low of the previous candle. I got in at a higher point of the daily candle and so it was too far away from the previous candle's low. My trades were put in before I read this thread, so I'm not going to beat myself up too badly, lol, but this thread has brought me to realize that it is very important to stick to the rules and also where it's safer to enter the trade and where the SL needs to go.

For my NZD/USD trade, on the Daily chart, I clearly got in at the wrong place after reading this thread and seeing the examples. Even though for this particular instance, getting in at the right place (which would have been two candlesticks to the left of my position as shown on my chart attached) would have still been stopped out, in the long run, being consistent and following the rules of the system will have a higher degree of successful trades than losing ones. I truly believe this from studying the charts for past scenarios.

Consistency is such an important factor, in my opinion.

Anyway, I'm looking forward to seeing where all of us progress with this method, and hopefully in the future I can be of assistance (when I am having a certain degree of success with it) to others as many of you have been doing here in this thread and elsewhere

--- 帖子 #147 ---
Thanks for the confirmation and great info, Trader_V!

--- 帖子 #148 ---
I am not sure if this comment is directed at my post of the NZD/USD chart, but if it is....I was asking if that was a possible 1-2-3 forming. (assuming it goes lower.) The pinbar formed after trading was even uglier than that one, (as I posted it early EST.) so I assumed it could be a good example of price action as well.

If you think it is jumping the gun, by all means....erase the post, I will take no offense at all.

I am truly thankful for this thread, and may have been asking a little ahead of the curve, which is cool.

If you wouldn't feel comfortable answering my question in the open, please PM me you thoughts. I will not make a decision based on your message. (In fact, I already have decided on what to do at price "x", if it gets there. If it doesn't - oh well.)

Clockwork

--- 帖子 #149 ---
Wait a minute, I have to retract my above statement in RED, because had I put the SL at the low of the previous candlestick (.7617) as per the rules, that price hasn't been reached yet, lol.

We'll see on Sunday

--- 帖子 #150 ---
I want to talk a bit about trends and how I identify trends. These are my thoughts so take them with a grain of salt please.

Many folks will use trend lines to assist in identifying possible areas of S/R within an existing trend to identify possible areas to enter a trade. I personally do not do his because I find them to be confusing and I will explain why.

On the following chart of the AUD/USD I have drawn 4 trend lines on the Daily TF. The blue is the initial up trend. The purple is the tend line redrawn based on he new lows that were made at point A. And the yellow is the start of a down trend. The Orange is a redrawn trend line based on the new highs at point D.

I would like to draw your attention to some points that I have labeled.

Point A:

You can see that price has retraced through the initial trend line in blue and formed a new low which you would use to redraw your trend line. Some folks would see this as an area of support and enter a trade to go long based on the previous trend direction.

But here is my question:

Once price breaks through and closes multiple bars below the up trend line that has been drawn would it not be fair to say the up trend is over and a reversal has taken place? So why then do we redraw our trend lines?

Point B:

This is what would be considered the start of a down trend and the ending of the up trend. However, bear in mind you cannot define a trend on one point alone.

Point C:

This point has confirmed that a down trend may in fact be in place. A pullback has occurred after he sell off at point B and a nice Bearish Outside Bar (or Bearish Engulfing Candle for you candle fanatics out there) has also formed at point C indicating that a short position could be in our favor. And if indeed someone would have taken this trade they would have banked some pips.

Point D:

A new lower high has been formed which has us redrawing our down trend line shown in orange. Again a pullback from the previous sell off has occurred and another Bearish Outside Bar has also formed. Indicating that a short position could have been in our favor.

If a short position had been taken the worst case scenario should have been a break even trade.

But again I ask you once an trend line has been violated by multiple closes on the other side is it not fair to assume that the trend has reversed?

So ok the big question is how do I define a trend???

I use price action to define a trend base on the classic definition of higher highs and higher lows for an up trend and lower highs and lower lows for a down trend. So by treating peaks and valleys as 1-2-3 points poises me for catching a trend.

Using the same chart I have placed these points to show where I entered trades. Entries are marked with a white line.

When I am watching the market each new high becomes a point 1 for a 1-2-3 top formation which allows me to catch reversals. And each 3 that is made in a trend becomes a new point 1.

The last point 2 is dependant upon price surpassing this point. If prices did not pass this area but instead traded beyond point 3 I would be long at the white line.

I know not everyone will agree with my views. In fact I do not think everyone should completely agree with my views otherwise how would we have a dialog J

I hope I am keeping in he spirit of things here Feb I am trying to stay on course here and not divert into other crazy areas. Trading does not have to be so stinking complicated if we do not want it to be.

I only hope I have helped someone here today see the charts in just a slightly clearer way.

I have plenty more to share but we been to take this in pieces and digest it and fully comprehend it.

PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE if you are looking for verification as to if you are looking at the chars in the same way as I or Feb; instead of asking us to verify your charts I suggest you do a little research on these things first. Then post up a chart on what “YOU SEE” if you are unable to formulate your own opinions about market direction or other things you will hinder your own trading ability and lengthen your learning curve.

So yes post your charts and share your views on what you see. If I or someone else disagrees with what you are seeing have no fear we will post our comments but you must start to become an independent trader. Become a student of the game. Formulate an opinion and share it with others. Then and only then can the true learning process begin by allowing others to comment on your findings and you doing the same in return.

BUT REMEMBER TO STAY ON TOPIC. TREND TRADING WITH PRIE ACTION SETUPS BASED ON RETRACEMENTS AND SUCH!!!

Ok I’m done for tonight. Catch yall later. If I have completely botched your trading methods by my post please just ignore my ramblings and do whatever you have already been doing.

All the best,

Trader_V

--- 帖子 #151 ---
Please confirm this for me.

Did you mean a Sell Stop???  Just want to be sure.

--- 帖子 #152 ---
Don't see those white lines, sorry :-(

Thanks for your explanations.

--- 帖子 #153 ---
Okay, I've gone back to read this thread twice, and have highlighted important key quotes from feb2865 on his method. Sometimes it's easy to miss things first time around with so much convo going on, so I figured the following was a good summation of his main points. I basically needed to keep this handy for myself, so I figured I'd post it for anybody else who wants to bookmark it for reference:

-----------

"I have a hard and fast rule of entering after the pullback is confirmed because my job is to preserve my capital and minimize risk."

"Only pay attention to the price at the close. If you go down to a lower time frame, your job is to look for a price discount. That's it. Every trade must be done at the close...not in a middle of anything."

"you job is to enter as soon as you see that V formation....and place your stops and trail them accordingly"

Example of V-formation entry on a pullback

"Trading ranges are irrelevant in my humble opinion. I go down in time frame looking for a discount in price when a range occurs."

Regarding Stop Loss: "If you're looking to place a trade on a 4 hr charts - place the stop loss at the high/low of the previous daily candle. That way you give your trade enough room to breath and time to mature. Don't place them on the same timeframe you're looking to trade. After that, trail the stop-loss using the low/high of the daily candle (low/high depending on where the trend is)"

Regarding Exiting a Trade: "I use the same pattern as if I decide to go in - a reversal/confirmation candle, When that happens, I take some profit and leave some compounding."

Regarding Indicators: "But I learned thru the years that price is king. At the end, nothing else matters. I like my charts plain."

Regarding Timeframes: "I find anything lower than 4 hr is noise. A crude reality of lower time frames is that you're more exposed to news and noise. But it's up to you. I like my life easy."

Regarding Breakouts: "If it keeps moving higher then I sit on my hands and wait for the next pullback."

"Nobody knows how far the market could go so it's better to stay put. I must see a reversal and then a continuation."

"People you don't have to play if you don't want to. Don't let the market manipulate you. If you feel that you missed the bus..I assure you there will be another ride. Just get on the next one."

"I advocate a lot risk assessment. Sometimes you just have to miss the bus. But when you see an opportunity, go for it. Don't over analyze the charts. You already know what you're looking for."

"I believe as long as you follow the trend you'll be alright."

--- 帖子 #154 ---
Just a question

Wouldn't it be safer to trade pivot points rather than trend lines? Trent lines tend to be very subjective. 5 traders would plot 5 different trend lines

Here is my reason for mentioning it. Pivot points already has support and resistance levels plotted. And as you can see on the charts i posted there one can use the V-formation plus bounch off pivot lines, support 1,2,3, resistance 1,2,3 can confirm the the reversal. On the charts the bounch occured off the pivot point.

I hope i am not side tracking the topic here.....

--- 帖子 #155 ---
I don't use pivot points for the simple reason that you can draw horizontal lines anywhere on the chart and they are bound to have some reaction somewhere - in my opinion it is much better to use actual areas of support and resisitance rather than potential areas.

Great thread you've started here Feb, trading naked with pure price action is the way to go.

M

--- 帖子 #156 ---
You are right. A SellStop. Sorry for the confusion!

--- 帖子 #157 ---
Hey LEIGH, thank you for your summary. It is always helpful to make this exercise. I do the same thing and write it down so I have it by my side when i am analyzing a trade.

I agree with MP777 regarding s/r lines: I draw them based on areas where price has already found some support or resistance before. I don't believe in drawing future lines based on calculations or fibos. It don't see any logical reason for that. Of course i have always seen, and will always see that price will bounce from a fibo line. It always do. There are lots of fibo lines....so it isn't surprising that when price reacts it is always close to a fibo!!!! But of course that is me...who has not been introduced into the arcane secrets of Fibo lines and the Nostradamus brotherhood.

That is what I like about this thread. It is just price action. That makes sense to me.

--- 帖子 #158 ---
OK I don't know why but the forum seems to be having a problem displaying both of the charts I posted from my above post so here is the second chart.

So weird this technology stuff

--- 帖子 #159 ---
Great thread,  and thank you FEB, Trader_V, and Fiveshorts.

Price action/pattern analysis is great. I used to use no indicators, no MAs on my chart, because I thought by analyzing price movement it is enough. By now I added some indicators, and EMAs. I think there is no conflict because when the trend picks up again i.e. correction/consolidation finished or 1-2-3 pattern formed, there must be some EMAs crossing, RSI botoming up, KD showing crossing etc. Of course, too many indicators make you confused and ignore most important thing--- price pattern analysis.

I wish you Feb, Trader_V to help me with your method and tell me any mistakes for my analysis:

The chart is AUD/USD daily chart.

1. On last Friday(6 Nov.), the A/U price has broken a short trend(white line). Wednesday candle is a kind of Shooting Star, and from Wed. Fri, three candles formed a Evening Doji Star.  So a down trend, or a bigger correction (breaking yellow line) will most probably happen. Notice that on 1 Nov., a huge red candle indicated that the up-trend showed some weakness.

2. However, we also have to notice that, on 1 Nov., there is a support @ 0.91. And 0.9076 is the highest price on 15 Oct and that resistance shall become a support.

3. So, what should I do? Shall I jump in immediately after the daily chart price closes below 0.91 on Monday? And what about stop loss? Above 0.94? Well, that is more than 300 pips!  Or set stop loss at Thursday high 0.9330?

4. Or, shall I wait for price to go up again, and try to open short positions somewhere between 0.9100 and 0.9400.

5. Or, shall I wait several days for price to break out 0.94 and place a long position?

Thank you.

--- 帖子 #160 ---
Trader_V,

Thank you for taking time to reply. Its great stuff to me.

As I am a newbie, I still got much to learn. Thanks.

kevtcw

--- 帖子 #161 ---
Hello Trader_V,

Seems the picture with trendlines is missing now....

FP

--- 帖子 #162 ---
Hi David,

Ok. Slap me and call me Susan*, but is that white line of yours a legit trendline in the first place? I wouldn't have identified it as such, which may be why your dilemma? A violation of the yellow trendline would be a definite clue indeed, or if price rallies, making this big red candle a new fractal point you could draw a revised trendline from the low on the 20th to it. In which case you'd be looking at a continuation up.

I'm certainly not the expert on this forum, but I have just spent all weekend reading Pring's 'Price Patterns' book  and it's so important to justify and confirm trendlines for them to have any worthwhile meaning.

Welcome to the debate :-)

Feb? Trader_V?

Fiveshorts

(* it's an old English saying)

--- 帖子 #163 ---
Thanks for the recap, Leigh

--- 帖子 #164 ---
Alrighty then. Here's my take on the 4hr NZDUSD back to about Oct 21st.

My first time using bars instead of candles, so a bit unsure about that. Also first proper attempt at analysis using nothing but price action, so go easy on me people...

I'll attach the blank chart as well, in case folks want to show me where I went wrong...

...OK, my attachments are only 50K each, but won't upload:

"Fatal error:  Allowed memory size of 33554432 bytes exhausted (tried to allocate 6000 bytes) in /home/fftop/public_html/includes/class_image.php on line 1417"

So I'll have to wait...

--- 帖子 #165 ---
Yeah, it makes total sense to me, too. That's why I decided to scrap all my indicators and get totally naked, lol (well, I'm keeping my underwear on - the Fractal. BUT, it's NOT going to be used to make any decisions whatsoever, I'm only using it for visuals like what feb2865 posted in this post -->  http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...86&postcount=2 (my Fractals have a dot pattern which creates that similar marking of the areas feb shows).

Anyway, c'mon alcastro, strip down with me and get naked, too!

If you're not wanting to go cold-turkey, then just do it for one of your currency pairs and track which of your systems is bringing you more consistent wins.

After reading this thread (twice even) and what I've experienced so far with having tested out every single indicator in the universe for 8 months, lol, I truly believe that too many indicators get in the way of reading the price action, thus many times having an adverse affect on my decision making.

If you believe in this thread as making the most sense for you than any of the other systems you are currently using, then stick with this coach and learn and practice his method with me. Jumping around is only going to make decision making confusing and unprofitable.

I have had a business for 28 years and I thought I was successful at it, I worked hard and diligently, averaging 15 - 18 hours a day, 7 days a week, but the fact of the matter is ... my debt is greater than my profits. I don't blame anything or anybody for it, it's all my own decisions/choices that have gotten me there. I have reputational and quantified success, but NOT financial. However, something has dawned on me about that from just what I see happening on these forums. I jumped around with manufacturing too many products like people here jump around with too many systems and indicators. I manufactured gift items, then stationery, then rubber stamps, then computer clipart, then wedding/birthday invitations. I've had to reinvest tons of $$ over-and-over every time, so no wonder my debt outweighed my profits!

Anyway, I am not going to do that same mistake I did with my business, so I am sticking with following the rules of this business and staying with one method, learning that method thoroughly, doing what the coach says (hey, if he doesn't want us wearing jewelry when we play cuz it just gets in the way of our game, then so be it and I've taken the jewelry off). Like I said, I'm only keeping on one piece of underwear (ok, maybe it's just jewelry too, but can I call it my wedding ring? Cuz I like wearin' that, and I promise, it's just gonna be that one piece that's it and I'm not using it to influence my trading. I'm going to use the V-Formation on the Daily and 4hr - my lower timeframes are in the trash can!).

So, what say you, alcastro?, let's do this together. I see you have been trading for 1 - 3 years (says in your profile), so if none of the previous systems you're using is doing it for you, and you see this one as making the most sense, then do like Chuck Yeager did (hit the accelerator and not the brake). I don't know why, but somehow I've taken a liking to you (probably cuz of your sense of humor and I had to laugh at your "I know...I am an advocate for total nudity but I have indicators!!!!", so it's you I'm pickin' on right now :, sorry, lol)

But, anybody else who wants to get naked with us, please do, cuz it's always kinda better when everybody is looking the same vulnerable way in the room, haha.

I'm committed to this and I am not going to deviate from this method.

Okay, I'm going to go wait at the bus stop for the next bus to catch

--- 帖子 #166 ---
Thank you, Fiveshorts.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here is the chart. Look at the red shadow. A double top forming?

--- 帖子 #167 ---
Dear Feb, Trader_V, and Fiveshorts.

I added some candles in imagination for the next week.

1) If I jumped in when A/U drops below 0.91 and it develops as the two imaginative two red candles. So, the last week, A/U did form a double top. Wow, how smart I am!

2) If the A/U goes up again, and if I opened a long position around 0.92(or 0.925). Wow, I am also smart.

3) If in both situations, I opened position in the wrong direction. Wow, am I so stupid?

So, please tell me what to do?

--- 帖子 #168 ---
Well, the wisdom that I've gleaned from reading SO MANY books and forum threads and webinars etc. etc. on the subject of trading is that your answer may just be a resounding "DO NOTHING."

Not every turn of the price carries a clear indication of a viable trade. It may just be you'll have to wait a little longer for a pattern to reveal itself or a trend to take on some momentum.

Price in your chart is floating around what I believe is an all time high and the world is in a state of financial chaos (imho), so you need confirmation of a move, one way or the other.

If I've learned anything at all, it's that the greatest achievement is to take home the 'meat' of a move — the bit that happens after it's been confirmed. Trying to grab the antlers and the tail is when you get bitten and kicked, respectively.

Fiveshorts.

--- 帖子 #169 ---
That's bizarre, fiveshorts, that you can't upload a 50k attachment. Have you tried several times and it's still doing that?

Green_David was able to upload, so try again.

--- 帖子 #170 ---
David, I am NOT Feb, nor Trader_V, nor five Shorts, but hey...I am going to let you knowmy opinion anyway:

If you go long you will playing a typical Feb trade (am i right Feb?), in which there is a correction in the uptrend that AU/US is in and now it should resume that uptrend. What I am planning to do is to wait for the reversal candle and the confirmation candle. If both happen, I will go long at the high of the confirmation candle. That is, i should be long on wednesday (that candle may also break above the high pivot, so it would also be an entry in Trader's_V book).

If it goes short, breaking the support line, I am planning to go short. So I am waiting for a confirmation of the support line brake, at least 10-15 pips below the line, and i am in. My TP, as i said in a previous post, is somewhere above the low pivot at 0.8750. Since I like to play safe I will put my TP at least 50 pips above that one, that is: 0.8800. But I will also have a trailing stop following the downfall (just in case).

My stops, if I go long would be just below the low of the previous candle, and if I go short, just above the support line that in my case is at 9110.

In both cases my R:R are more than 1:1. So it is cool.

--- 帖子 #171 ---
Also, Green_David (lol, I'm not the 3 either, but just noticed where you were planning to enter your trade on the pullback) ... if you're using feb's method of the V-Formation, here's that post of feb's on which candlestick you want to enter on if the upward trend continues --> http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...&postcount=102

I would assume it would then be the one after the one you depicted, so entering more likely at .925 rather than .920.

--- 帖子 #172 ---
Leigh, so shall we get rid of all the stuff that covers us? Hmmm..... sounds like a plan. I am all for it.

After all the time that i have spent looking at different systems, testing some, papertrading them, or putting my money behind`them. Losing in some, winning other times (but with that feeling that it was a "fluke" coz there was no rational explanation that could support my win), I have come to the conclusion that PA is king (I guess i have said this in every single time I have posted here!!!).

So here is the deal: I am going to stick with this system. I am going naked with you leigh... and with everybody else who wants to meet us at the nude beach.

I will only keep my sunglasses (because staring is rude....but sometimes i can't help it!!!)

--- 帖子 #173 ---
Very inspriational post leighsww.

While reading through it I started taking my clothes off and getting naked...

Seriously though an excellent post to encourage those glued to conflicting indicators to get down to the bare bones and watch the price unfold before their eyes.

Remember brokers and traders of the old days only had a ticker tape to monitor and somehow made a living trading.

For every indicator that tells you to tak a trade I can find you one that says not to.  So do like leighsww says, get er done and get naked...lol

Trader_V

--- 帖子 #174 ---
LOL, GREAT you guys!! I was hoping that I wasn't going to be the only naked one here, haha.

Let's do this!! With the support here, I know we can make this successful for us!!

--- 帖子 #175 ---
seems like everyone is getting naked here LOL

sorry guys I was out . I need to catch up

I wish you from the bottom of my heart all the best and I hope everyone gets on the right path of success. Remember that this "system" is not free

look at the beginning of the thread I stated my price

peace and good karma to all of you

--- 帖子 #176 ---
OK I gotta put my disclaimer in here before I continue on.

Any information I may give about a particular market is not to be taln as trading advice.  The views and opinions expressed are my own. If anyone choses to make trades based on the opinions expressed they do so at their own risk of loss or reward.

Ok now that I got that crap out of the way let me tell you my thoughts.

The last time the Aussie has seen these ranges was back in 1984.  That being said I wonder what the situation of the US economy was back then?  At ay rate; something traders must be aware of is that any time a market experiences a significant rally or decline a period of consolidation is bound to occur.

Here is what I see.  This pair has been trending upward nicely for a long time.  Each rally was followed by a consolidation period or minor decline. We have rallied yet again.  This pair is consolidating after the previous rally.  The weekly shows weakness which indicates a that we may see a reversal or just a correction.

Util this pair shows its intentions I am going to stand on the side lines awaiting an opportunity.

Some will look at this pair and say "It's at an all time high so it's bound to retrace".  But if you zoom to the 4H you will see a double has bottom formed with a pin bar indicating it may continue north again.

So again until the market shows where it wants to go I ill be keeping the bench warm on this pair.

I hope I provided a little insite for some here.

Trader_V

--- 帖子 #177 ---
my Fractals have a dot pattern which creates that similar marking of the areas feb shows).

I would love to see  you charts with this dots. That will help me customize something on my charts...could you show them please???

--- 帖子 #178 ---
I would like to add respectfully to what trader v said about the Aussie

This pair has been in a middle of strong fundamentals lately. I always advocate the use of fundamentals to keep you heads up. Although we're chartist in essence  , we must keep one ear on the ground,especially with Aussie/kiwi crosses.

Peace

P.D but don't get too "jumpy" for news either...remember just to keeps your heads up

--- 帖子 #179 ---
I use Desktop version of Intellicharts and their Fractals draw those dots, lol.

I'm sure if you're using MT4, you could edit the indicator's script/code to do the same.

--- 帖子 #180 ---
Thanks a lot for a quick reply

I had mt4 long time ago. I use trade navigator from genesis Looking at your charts now I have an idea to crank some codes on my charts. I never though about this before. probably the only indicator I'll use LOL

Thanks a lot

--- 帖子 #181 ---
Cool!

I'm glad you didn't have me take it off, cuz I was having a hard time with the thought of being totally naked for alcastro to stare at, lol

--- 帖子 #182 ---
Hi all,

I like this thread a lot.

After testing and trying lots of "systems" and indicators - I decided to stay with only 2 Ema's (8 & 21) and trend lines. So you see I am shy - not totaly naked. http://www.forexfactory.com/images/icons/icon7.gif Then I found this thread and sure going to try the V shape and all.

Lot of very good insights here.

Thanks a lot. http://www.forexfactory.com/images/icons/icon14.gif

--- 帖子 #183 ---
Regarding this pair pls remember the correlation to GOLD price.

When the gold rise the audusd rise in tandem.

The gold is at 835 area but there are those who think it goes to 1000 before resting or reversing.

Just a thought.

--- 帖子 #184 ---
Hey Trader_V

This is sooo true.

So many times I searched for confirmation to a signal in one "system" in another "system" just to find a signal to the other direction or a "stay out" signal.

Thats one good reason to try and stick to the PRICE ONLY sys ( in the nude camp ) http://www.forexfactory.com/images/icons/icon7.gif

--- 帖子 #185 ---
I think alcastro said " do nothing"..I have to agree on that

AUD/USD ahas been some how hypersensitive to the stock market for some time now. I have no idea why, that's probably all I need to know to be on the lookout for this pair.

The red "imaginative" candles you plotted is not likely what could happen - I am not trying to be predictive I am just relying on a common behavior in this pair - and every market

Unless the stock market keeps correction started last week.

Remember that markets normally move in "waves" They don't go straigth up or down unless something big happens.

Expect a correction either way -up/down

Unless the indices( S&P 500 - Dow Jones - Nasdaq) keeps on the down path...if that happens - still do nothing. But observe and learn.

let them kill themselves...and when the dust clear - AKA fractals - correction then you take it from there

Play smart

I will place some charts in the next post

peace

--- 帖子 #186 ---
Notice on the AUD-USD pair on Nov 1  - a big pull to the downside

Notice The second arrow Nov 7 This is were I put attention on candles

See, originally that candle was "bullish " and the bears hammered down. I n my "hood" we call that " selling pressure" LOL

Then on Nov 9 - another pull down

This move is factored from the stock market. Most of this move is correlated with indices - hey, not to the tick but you see some common behavior. Takes time to learn this but I assure you is worth it.

--- 帖子 #187 ---
I hope I had the charts up this time LOL ( not easy when Mr . Merlot  is playing tricks on your head)

--- 帖子 #188 ---
BTW, you know what I like about you, feb2865? You are a guru with NO ego, arrogance or self-righteousness. You are a very humble and honorable person. You treat everyone with respect and you do not hold yourself high on a pedestal nor above anybody else, that you feel you can't gain value from others.

You are the kind of person that depicts a true leader.

I'm normally not a follower-type (I've had my share of leading when I know what the heck I'm talking about :, lol, in certain aspects of my life/business/etc.), but I have learned to follow/take advice/guidance/etc. when there's a leader (or anybody else for that matter) who knows more than me and where I can gain knowledge and value from them. Heck, I've learned from 13 year olds (computer programming stuff when I used to help out at a web hosting forum), lol.

I think that is what attracted me to this thread, as well, as the great info of the trading style.

Actually, it was fiveshorts and Trader_V who said to wait  (alcastro is probably checking out all the new nudies coming in here

--- 帖子 #189 ---
S&P 500 Futures

notice the big down candle on Nov 1 - Seems  familiar don't you think???

The market had a correction - then had another hit on Nov 7

hey...stop starring at me and go ahead, print your charts and do your homework!!!!!

PD:

I mean, for educational purposes is good for you to know now in hindsight ....ha!!! that's easy if I tell you buy here and there don't you think?!!!!!!!

But all of this is useless unless you see it *****as is happening*****

capishe??

--- 帖子 #190 ---
Very nice.  On the 4hr EUR/CHF chart....both entry (V & 2Break) work out quite nicely on this downtrend.  Taking into account the double btm on the top of the chart.

As for indicators....I have used the stochs cross (8,3,3) for entries in the past and by testing the methods in this thread it appears to give the signal inbetween both methods.

I look 4ward to taking some trades in the coming week w/out the use of the stoch and simply go with the price action.

One question though and perhaps I missed this in previous posts....but with trading with the trend....are we talking OVERALL LT trend (in the case of EUR/CHF which is up and would only go long and we would wait for a long entry) or are we talking the corrections ST trend. (which is the chart I posted and go short)?

--- 帖子 #191 ---
Oh man I don't know what to say...thanks !!!!!

Jus trying to help

so Alcastro is finally getting naked huh???

Ha!!!! I knew it was a matter of time LOL...we love you brother Al!!!!!

oh my mistake I tell you posting and drinking wine are not a good combination LOL

my apologies to Trader V and fiveshorts..well anyway..they're my partners in  crime...as well as everyone else here "discovering" price action LOL

Peace

--- 帖子 #192 ---
alcastro, I have a question about this post of yours ...

Does this mean you will be going against the trend?

If you are, then I'm going to have to look for my whip (http://leighswishingwell.com/lp/emotes/whip.gif <-- ah there it is), cuz one of the rules is to follow the trend, lol. Read the last quote from that summation I posted:

http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...&postcount=154

We have to look out for each other when somebody starts deviating from this system. Let's not fall back to bad habits of chasing, etc.

You did post that before all our talk about going naked and staying true to this system, so maybe you will not be doing what you mentioned earlier ... but I'm just making sure that you will not do the above if that scenario happens :

I guess since we're all putting ourselves out there feeling vulnerable with this new nakedness, I'm feeling I have as much concern for your welfare and success as to my own.

Sheesh, you guys are becoming a part of my family already

---------

BTW, how do we know when a true reversal is happening and not just a retracement?

Is there a certain amount of smaller retracements that need to happen to know this? This is what I'm a little uncertain about and where my Ichimoku cloud used to help somewhat, lol. BUT, I'm NOT going to put that back on there, I'm committed to staying naked here with you guys.

--- 帖子 #193 ---
Is that where maybe the Weekly chart comes in handy, and we should actually stay out of the currency pair until the Daily resumes the Weekly trend?

Here's what the Weekly on the AUD/USD looks like:

--- 帖子 #194 ---
EUR-CHF has been a hedger's paradise for some time now. There's a steep correction on that pair.

Sit on your hands - Wait. do nothing for now

peace

Peace

--- 帖子 #195 ---
Feb -

You accepted my Fractal, so what is your opinion about the Ichimoku cloud? I strip all the other components of that indicator and ONLY use the cloud (and I turn it a very dark grey, so that it's just there in the background, inconspicuously). It doesn't conflict with any decision making except for determining/confirming trend reversal and continuation.

I've attached the chart.

What I am thinking is that the Weekly determines if the Daily is reversing or in a retracement, and then if the Daily starts heading down toward the Ichimoku and below it, I wait until it heads back up out of the cloud to re-enter the trend (of course, always waiting for the right bus to come along for the V-Formation pullback entry on the 4hr).

The Ichimoku cloud really works wonders for the trend confirmation.

Whenever I've used it to confirm strong trends I made money. Where I used to lose the money, is when I always traded against the trend, thinking I could capture pips on retracements. Oh, and I now know that shorter-timeframes (day-trading, basically) was another reason for higher losses and inefficient profit making. I've learned my lesson NEVER to do those two ever again, especially after reading this thread.

This is why I believe that the higher efficiency rate of successful trades happen with trend trading on longer-timeframes and sticking to that rule!

--- 帖子 #196 ---
OK here are the charts I couldn't post earlier...

http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...&postcount=165

--- 帖子 #197 ---
btw, I am almost completely naked. But there are ladies present.

--- 帖子 #198 ---
Great observations. Just allow me to clear up a couple of things, with a humble respect.

1) Trends in my opinion don't need confirmation The trend is either there or not. Just train yourself to see naked charts. Ichimoku cloud is probably a good helper but as I mentioned before, everything looks good on hindsight.

2)Weekly time frames are useful, definitely. I just prefer daily charts because I have all the data I need to make a decisions, most of the time. Of course sometimes, daily charts data are not enough so you must go to a higher time frame. Frequency rate on weekly/monthly rates are somehow slow. I definitely give you credit on the charts you posted . In that particular case, I would definitely look at weekly charts.

3) As you mentioned, the higher efficiency rate of longer time frames is due the fact that you have enough information collected to make a sound decision based on the trend/ lack of.

Just look at a plain ol' naked charts

If you don't understand what's going on there, stay put.

I apologize if I am repeating myself in the following statement here but I think it's appropriate.

You must add two words in your trading

1) if

2) then

for instance

"Based on the information I collected ( looking at the charts. establishing corrections, consolidations etc) IF the market do xxx(action = price) THEN I will Buy/sell”

You're combining two elements - Hindsight and "active price action" in one place.

Action – Reaction

I wish you all prosperity in the world and I hope you make a killing in the market

Peace

--- 帖子 #199 ---
I apologize the last post was me. I just used my son's nickname who's a poster here. I had no Idea I was writting under his name here at his house..(he almost killed me LOL)

my humble excuses

Peace

--- 帖子 #200 ---
Ouch!!!!

That whipping hurted!!!! Specially since my back was naked!!!

You are right Leigh. I was suggesting some trades against the trend. shame on me!!!

Actually what we should do with the Aussie is wait for a re-establishment of the long trend, after this pullback, or for a confirmation of the downtrend 9that will require a pullback up and a reversal at a lower high. So as Tradr V and Five suggested (NOT ME), we shall sit on our hands.

I am sitting on my hands on the Euro/US, the cable, and the US/JP. Those are the pairs i am watching (and the aussie of course). Waiting for the end of the pullbacks.

Naked is fun...but too many guys and only one lady. can you feel all the eyes

glued on you Leigh?

--- 帖子 #201 ---
LOL, I was just about to say ... "you've changed your screen name. I imagine you mean the 'wine' by your new name 'nomoretoxic', lol"

Okay, I will take your advice and not put back the Ichimoku (they were all removed previously, but I had put it on one of my charts just to show you what it would look like).

Naked we be, naked we stay

I also will follow your other advice. I have made a commitment to follow your style diligently. I sense you as a very successful trader, not because I know anything about your actual income/profits (I don't need that for confirmation), but mainly because:

1) your method makes so much sense

2) you conduct yourself as a true leader

3) your feedback/advice/opinions always seem pretty valid and reasonable to me

So, I will be a faithful follower of your system, and not because we are going to turn this into some kind of cult thingy, lol, but because any rational, reasonable person can see that it just makes good sense.

I consider myself rational and reasonable, well, except when I'm teasin' people with my inane sense of humor :

BTW, I was surprised to read Jesse Livermore's career timeline. At the end there, he lost everything and committed suicide.

The only conclusion one can make, is that he didn't follow his own rules of trading.

That is not so unusual though. Many times we can see what mistakes other people are making, but we don't see our own mistakes as clearly for ourselves.

Thank you for your contributions, feb!

--- 帖子 #202 ---
ACK! http://leighswishingwell.com/lp/emotes/fear2.gif

Okay, we need more women in here http://leighswishingwell.com/lp/emotes/help.gif

--- 帖子 #203 ---
Leigh

Thanks a lot for this summary

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...=54528&page=11

Jesse Livermore was a great inspiration for me.

I love his "pivotal points" approach.

Peace

--- 帖子 #204 ---
fiveshorts -

You best take off that g-string (365ema) after what feb just mentioned about knowing where the trend is without the use of indicators, lol.

You have "Enter short with modest TP down to trendline" on your chart. Are you taking counter-trend trades, too?

For you, you get a http://leighswishingwell.com/lp/emotes/bottom.gif

LOL, why are we trying to fight swimming with the current?

We need to learn patience, because when the trend resumes, that's where the money will be made. The more I come to study the charts and look at this system, the more apparently clear it becomes.

Are you able to read your bars more easily with them all being white?

This is just my opinion, but isn't it simpler to read candlesticks rather than bars? I know the James16 strategy is based on bars (if that's why you changed your charts from candlesticks), but for feb's method, his "make life simple and easy" attitude seems to me the way to go. Having to memorize and look for each bar configuration is almost like having confusing indicators in the way. Also, it's time consuming, especially when one is trading several currency pairs and not just one or two.

Looking for the V-Formation and basing entry/exit on the close of the candlesticks, to me is so much more simpler and easy for most to follow. The premise, I would think, is to keep the clutter and confusion to a minimum.

I look at a bar chart and I cannot spot right-off-the-bat as clearly the V-Formation pattern as when using candlesticks.

Anyway, these are just my opinions

I would love to see us all succeed here, but if we're not going to follow this system to the core, then the system might start not making sense anymore, because it's been morphed into something that it's not supposed to be ... you know what I mean?

For myself, I want to stick to one system and make it work as it is, without any tweaking (you know the saying about "what's not broken ..."). The one that speaks to me as "working smarter and not harder" is feb's system, because many of the other systems you have a lot of memorizing, confusing indicators, etc. and I don't see that working as well for consistent profitability in the long-run, which is what my goal is in achieving.

Does what I am saying make sense to you? If it doesn't then please disregard it, lol.

It has to make sense in order for anything to work for us

Again, these are just my opinions

--- 帖子 #205 ---
Thanks.  Your response also answers the question of WHICH trend we are looking at...long or short term.  While this correction could be places for shorts....it does go against the longer term trend which is up.

--- 帖子 #206 ---
But I'm not looking for purism for the sake of purism, though. I'm looking for consistent profit. There are times when a counter-trend trade does make sense — if your risk is low and target worthwhile. Departures from an established, tested trendline that result in a double top are one such an example, sometimes. Again if the risk of being wrong is manageably low, these are often setups too good to throw away in the pursuit of the proverbial Easy Life.

Profits = Easy Life.

Bars vs candles? Well I agree that candles are easier to read quickly, but on a daily chart I'm not in that much of a hurry. There are a number of 2-bar and 3-bar reversal and market patterns that don't have a direct equivalent in candles, so I'm experimenting with bars just to see if they tell me more. If they prove illegible, they'll be discarded. The primary difference between the two, however, is that with candles, the wicks are often treated as an afterthought, or at least a less-significant component of price action, but in bars (as far as I can tell), the whole move is treated equally, with a more equal emphasis given to each of the OHLC components. Considering my earlier post about the validity of the very concept of opens and closes in a 24hr market (there's actually no such thing as a 4hr 'open' or 'close', is there), maybe this bar thing has some merit?

Unfortunately, they're both 'borrowed' devices from markets that do have hard opens and closes, so personally, I think it's time for a new Forex über-candle-bar-thingy visual language that does a better job of depicting market sentiment. Believe me, I'm a-werkin' on it.

Especially considering we don't have volume, like stocks and futures traders do.

Anyway. I agree about simplification and distillation of a 'system'; and certainly adhering to a system is more important than anything, but what I got from feb2865's opening posts was not a 'system' per se that we can or should "follow to the core" but more of the realization that price action is a deep-but-learn-able language. I'm not really looking for another 'system', cos they've only brought me tears and debts. I'm looking for a certain fluency in the language used by the markets. Some will come courtesy of feb's and Trader_V's generosity here on the this thread; some from the fine fellows in the James16 group; some from FXI crew who let you trade over their shoulder; some from just plain ol' doin' it...

I want to keep posting charts that have my 'take' on PA and having them ripped to shreds or praised by people who know more than me (which, after all, is most people) until I get the hang of the vocabulary and meaning of price action. If everyone else does the same here, we might get a handle on this.

Profit. Profit. Profit.

Protection of capital.

Ryan Jones Fixed Ratio Money Management.

Profit. Profit. Profit.

--- 帖子 #207 ---
LOL, okie dokie, fiveshorts ... you do what you gotta do

--- 帖子 #208 ---
I laughed a lot when I read this post!!!!!

--- 帖子 #209 ---
To all friends in this thread:

My assumption that AUD/USD daily charts formed a double top turns out to be right!

Just as I said, on Nov. 1st, a sharp drop happened which is almost 240 pips or more than 2.5% in one day. That is abnormal for any pair! And it happened after a long time uptrend during which AUD/USD has increased more than 20%.  why is that? There must be some big players--midterm investors closing their positions.  (That is a signal, better be alarmed that a uptrend may be going to stop.)

On 7th Nov., a shooting star formed on daily chart.  (And opening a short position opposite to main up-trend on two signals has high award/risk).

That is also price action/movement analysis, IMHO.

Well, dear friends, by saying above my attention is not showing  off or something else. Just for discussions only. LOL.

The reason AUD/USD went down IMO, it is due to the AUD/JPY's going down.

So, what to do next?  Are we in the middle of a correction or in the beginning of a major down-trend.?

Waiting A/U to be stabilized around 0.88 the level of 31.8% retracement (0.88 is also a very obvious support in October), or around 0.86 the level of 50% retracement?

Or, waiting A/U bounces back and open short position?

The A/j pair has dropped almost 1000 pips, maybe there is opportunity after this pair stabilized and USD/JPY's going down stopped.

Sorry for my poor English.

--- 帖子 #210 ---
No need to apologize, we can understand you perfectly

I'm going to still have to wait for a clearer sign before making any assessments. The Daily isn't yet giving any significant info on where it's going to go, for me.

--- 帖子 #211 ---
Jumping in to short? Too late. Open long position now? Well, that is trading against your friend -- trend.

Let's wait and see.

--- 帖子 #212 ---
Here is the chart.

--- 帖子 #213 ---
Hey guys

Listen, there’s a few things we need to clear up here

Just take  this as an “old dog”advice.

Price action is definitively king. I started this thread for people who wants to have a better comprehension on price, what it does and how take advantage of it.

But we also have talked about some other stuff. Now fiveshorts have mentioned market sentiment/candles etc

I believe these are valid points closely related with what we’re trying to accomplish here.

Stop thinking that the markets are nothing more than a  bunch of drunken sailors ( oh,, I am sorry I meant traders) fighting on the so-called “zero sum game” in order to steal everyone else’s pockets….it doesn’t work like that. I worked on the floor…many years. I saw how many time the “big dogs” made a push and the rest of the crowd follows.

So you think a big dog sitting on a pile of money is going to trade on 1 single market??? HA!  get real my friend.

They all trade forex.  Stop thinking that you can fight them.  You can’t.

They also hedge the forex against/forward the stock market to death. Besides swaps. options etc.

In my case, I learned that it’s more important to understand intermarket relationship better than “market sentiment” or “what’s better candlesticks or pinbars”  trendlines, fibos etc. They’re just guides. Don’t patronize them or I assure you, they will get you killed in the long run.

I use them as I said before. But I don’t rely solely on them for trading. Actually, many times I use S/R levels looking for clues as to where they(big dogs) could trigger stops and avoid these areas (notice that I mentioned areas instead of price)

Go ahead and pull daily charts on cable, GPB/JPY, AUS/USD EUR/CHF USD/JPY just to name a few.

Look at the following dates – nov 1…….nov 7…nov 9  last Friday

Also, look for one of the biggest days we ever had this year – Aug 16 2007

Don’t you see something similar???

Now compare that with the charts I am posting here – Dow jones industrial average (DJIA) Futures

Tell me what you see???

Does it makes sense to you??

I suggest you print off the charts if you can.

Is better to become a “student of the markets” better than a “system follower” because the truth is my friend…there’s no system. It doesn’t mean you don’t gotta have a plan….( yes remember “if” then”)

You’re a trader. You must pull the trigger when opportunity knocks…right??

But you must also have a reasoning behind your trade. This is the secret of my endurance on the markets. I know what’s going on. Because I know I  call the shots. I am not “married “to a market. I am married to an “opportunity”.

Talk your yourself (or your dog if that makes you happy)

Something like “ Well fiveshorts, I don’t like the kiwi, the yen is kinda sloppy, the cable is going nowhere and the euro is kinda slow for me…I think  GPB/JPY looks good. Nice uptrend and yesterday we have a small retracement MMMM let’s see…the trend is up, there’s a shallow pullback with a V patter already established( fractal confirmed). The market (as a whole) is improving. Mmmmm let’s see the quality of this pullback (4 hr charts) mmmm the market is going back up…well if the market goes back down to xxxx price..or gets up to that price, I will be a buyer.”

The above is just an example. Fiveshorts I am sorry to take your name for this little play above.

Or something like “ oh man there’s the fractal there already confirmed…mm I have to get in FAST !!!!

Sometimes you have time to get a “discount” but  sometimes you have to get onboard(fast) or miss the bus.

Don’t beat yourself hard looking at  the shadow of a candle or if a trendline is drawn correctly etc.

Make your life easy.

Peace

--- 帖子 #214 ---
Sorry guys I was trying to load up some charts but the system is giving me an error. I 'll try later

--- 帖子 #215 ---
Well, my friend, a double top, plus a shooting star, plus a 2B formation, and plus two big red candles without tails are not enough to tell you anything?

I also asked my myself many times why I missed so many major trends at the beginning and even I jumped in at the beginning why I couldn't hold my precious golden-like positions until the end of the trend?  Because I have too many doubts and I am always waiting for sure sign. But I can get 100% of assurance(certainty, or sureness whatever) on a major trend only after it is finished or too late to ride on.

But, thank you.

There are also opportunities for A/J. But, still we have to wait and see.

"waiting for the right moment, and ride on immediately, don't hesitate, otherwise you will be too late".

The above is from that book and I have read that which is about Jesse Livermore "Reminiscences of a Stock Operator"  for more than twelve times!

--- 帖子 #216 ---
I couldn't agree anymore, big brother (May I call you this way?).

Something similar to August will happen if DJ(S&P) goes down for another big drop.

If that happened again, maybe a great opportunity again to long AUD/JPY.

--- 帖子 #217 ---
oh man you just hit the nail in the head!!!!

you can call me big brother if you want

you made my day !!!!!! thanks a lot for your observation

--- 帖子 #218 ---
I read the first page, and found your view of trading very very very much just like mine. Refreshing. Keep it up.

--- 帖子 #219 ---
Seems like some gremlins have been at work on the FF site and I think Merlin is aware of it all and hopefully it will soon be fixed.

This thread is really interesting reading. Thank you Feb for your patience in explaining and sharing your experiences of many years. There is so much to learn from in this thread and your advice greatly appreciated.

--- 帖子 #220 ---
Thank you, big brother. You have more experiences in trading/speculation, and you will look after little brothers with less experiences.  Sure, you are a Big Brother (for trading not gangsters).

What is "hit the nail in the head"? It is the same as "you have the point"?

Well, today, J/U has broken out below 110, an important (or pivot) price , but it couldn't stay below 110 there. Maybe it was because some stop-loss has been triggered, but no more shorting strength after 110 reached.

Is it also a kind of price action analysis?

--- 帖子 #221 ---
This method sounds very good especially in an clear trend.

But, Big Brother, what would you do with this system, if the market is bouncing back and forth in a ranging market? Will you accept small profit or worse, some loss, or do you have other methods to reduce the loss if any.

--- 帖子 #222 ---
Mr. Trader_V:

I want to back test your simple 1-2-3 method. I picked up E/J by random. And starting from Aug. 16, well, by the end of August, I have already suffered a loss of more than 300pips. And I stopped.

It is about 3% of E/J's price, therefore to control my loss to max. 10%, I can use 3 times  leverage only.

If I don't add more positions for the next 1-2-3 signals, I will have positive results, a 60 pips gain. So, maybe it is better not to add more positions.

By trend definition,  1-2-3 is definitely trend-following. I am also using 1-2-3 method most of time, but only in small time frame such as 15M, and 1 hour and AFTER a retracement. The problem with me is that, the market tried to fool me many times, and a lot of times, I got stop loss by false breakouts or narrow stop loss.

So 1-2-3 method sometimes, to me, will become trend chasing not trend  following especially for bigger time frame such as 4H and daily.

And, after a positions opened by 1-2-3 method, and with some profits, I think I better move up S/L, because when market turns against the position, I couldn't wait until it hits my S/L. On the middle of negative price movement it already tells me that maybe my trend assumption is wrong.

--- 帖子 #223 ---
I wish I could post some charts LOL!!!

--- 帖子 #224 ---
Maybe that's something you must reconsider to improve your odds. Don't you feel it's to "noisy"????

--- 帖子 #225 ---
I posted some charts, but they can't be seen now. Never mind, we can look at our own charts. Just tell us what charts.

I opened A/U long positions @0.8805 & 0.8825. I placed these two long positions against these 5 days trend.

But based on my previous analysis, 0.88 could be a support if we look at A/U from a bigger time frame. Of course, it is trial position and dangerous. So, I set up S/L at 0.8788. The probability of winning is very low, but the reward/risk shall be very high.

Isn't it? So, what would do you think, Big Brother?

--- 帖子 #226 ---
It's been an honor sir. I admire your post very much. Feel free to add any comments as you wish.

Peace

--- 帖子 #227 ---
Yeah seems like some gremlins outhere are playing some kind of game on us!!

thanks a lot Antra. Please feel like home here.

Peace

--- 帖子 #228 ---
You are right. I made some statistics, there are about 50% of false breakouts for GBP/USD.

Maybe I should use 1h, or 4h for breakouts, but, I need to reduce my position size, because if the market hits my S/L, that will be too much. So, how much leverage do you use, Big Brother? I use 50 times. Now I feel it is still too high.

--- 帖子 #229 ---
Hi David,

Thank you for your comments and observations.  Very much appreciated.

Can you please tell me what TF you were testing on?  I assume 4H but want to be sure.  Also I am curious if your entries were based on the definition of a 1-2-3 setup and not jst 1-2-3 highs and lows.  I am not saying this to be critical only that it is easy to mistakenly select what looks to be a 1-2-3 setup which is not actually a true setup by definition.

I wish to help in any way that I can with these setups.

Also when it comes to trade management it's more of a to each his own.  Some folks are comfortable with entring a single position and following with a trailing stop.  Others are comfortable withadding on to their position and moving stops appropriately.  And others are a breed of geting in and taking their profit at a set number of points type of trader.

There are 50 ways to skin a cat (sorry for all you cat lovers out there) but that's the truth.  There are as many ways to get out of a trade as there are to get into one.

Also you mentioned that you trade these setups on lower TF that are deemed appropriate for scalping. I know trading on higher TF's can be a real emotional ride.  It takes patience and discipline to be able to enter a trade, experience some drawdown while it develops and then either recognize that it's not going to work out in your favor and close at a loss or follow it into profitable teritory.

Trading can play on your emotions a great deal.  You must be a machine when it comes to winning and losing positions.  Emotions have no place in the market!!!  When you can take a win the same as you take a loss in the market this is when you have control over your emotions and prevent from making emotional decisions based on fear or greed.

OK I am getting of my soap box now I havenlt even finished my first cup of coffee...lol.

May the week be profitable for everyone.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #230 ---
I see some selling pressure on the weekly charts but I don't think is enough to stop/reverse the trend, that's according to charts.

At the other hand I have a funny feeling that some big dogs are hiding some cash under the Aussie's skirt. But that's an old dog's opinion, you know. I kinda have a smell for what sharks and big dogs are doing.

Peace

--- 帖子 #231 ---
I think brother David needs to deal with timeframes in order to see the whole picture.  Let's see what he can come up to.

Hey, will you set another cup of coffee for me??

Peace

--- 帖子 #232 ---
Coffe on the way my friend!!!  I swear I have java beans runnin through my veins...lol

I have seen so many new traderss bow their accounts on the hopes that a scalping system on lower TF's wil bring them $$$.  The money is clearly in the higher TF's.  But I cannot knock all the scalpers there are some who have an uncanny pulse on the market and turn a nice profit .  But not me...lol too much stress!

I gotta run out for a while it's my and my wifes B-Day today so I gota go buy some flowers and stuff.  So I will catch you a little later on.

--- 帖子 #233 ---
need to adjust it based on risk tolerance, trading capital and position. Good thing you guys have using forex brokers is that leverage could be reduced to 1 cent (please correct me if I am wrong). Also, you don't need to be worried about news, re-quoting, slippage etc, because your time horizon is longer.

--- 帖子 #234 ---
I hear you brother

Have a good one with your wife!!!  Flowers yes, very important. Don't you dare to forget them LOL (talking by experience)

Peace

--- 帖子 #235 ---
I haven't see clockwork in some time now.

I wonder where's he's at??

Peace

--- 帖子 #236 ---
Thank you for your help too!

I used 4H time frame. I am sorry, the first result was my mistake--- I missed one 1-2-3 setup. I will upload the chart for you after it could be seen.

The result is as follows:

Pair: Eur/Jpy: Time period: Aug. 16th to Aug. 28th.

Long position No.1: Open @ 154.09 S/L 150.00 on  Aug.  18

(close higher than 153.9 the highest 4H price on Aug. 17 )

Long position No.2: Open @ 155.57 S/L 153.22 on  Aug.  20

(close higher than 155.27 the highest 4H price on 8am EST, Aug. 17)

Long position No.3: Open @ 156.01 S/L 153.22 on  Aug.  23

(close higher than 155.93 the highest 4H price on Aug. 20 )

Long position No.4: Open @ 155.59 S/L 156.45 on  Aug.  27

(close higher than 159.09 the highest 4H price on Aug. 23 )

Close all at 156.45 on Aug. 28. The total results: 236+88+44-267=101 pips

Conclusion:

1. You are right!!!

2. The forth trade created a huge loss: -267 pips, so:

3. The marginal capital gain is decreasing for the above 4 trades. So better not add the last two trades. A bigger time frame correction will eat a lot of pips away!

4. If I use Feb's small trend line breakout entry instead of 1-2-3 on 4H, the result will be improved a great lot. I will finish this and tell you and Big Bro.

Well, I also like dogs very much, they are more friendly than cats. I wanna be a tiger in the market, but by now I am only a cat, a small cat, a small cat bullied by the FOREX market, and lost a lot fresh already, and become tiny now.

Right, I don't like scalping, it sounds like a thief. But longer time frame really needs one to be strong for some bad and violent price movement.And one has to resist profit-taking which IS my weakness.

Yes, I will reduce my leverage, my position size. It is my problem. You know I use 50 times leverage. And that forced me to narrow the S/L, and forced me to trade on 15M, and 1H. Well, by reducing my leverage and trading on 4h, I think the greed, hope, fear, nervous head, stomachache, back pain, will all be reduced. So did happiness as well.

Well, I think it take several years to win back my 50K loss!

Enjoy your coffee and your wife's birthday celebration. Bring my greetings and hello to your wife.

Cheers[/quote]

--- 帖子 #237 ---
Yes, some big players are behind AUD/USD. My long position entry of A/U around 0.8810 seems going to have some trouble. This is not your method, nor Trader_V's 1-2-3. I only can forgive me for that I used small amount, and I set up S/L at 0.8788, and potential reward/risk is higher.

Wish Dow Jones will go up.

I am using OANDA platform. You can open a lot the size as small as 1 dollar with that platform!

As for E/U, are you going to close your long positions or wait for bounce-back to close?

--- 帖子 #238 ---
I establish a position on 8/23-07. Still in place.

still waiting for 1.44-1.45 to see what's up. Some "guru's" outhere are saying that EUR could head to a long- overdue correction. I am not too sure about that.

--- 帖子 #239 ---
feb2865, I'd still much appreciate your critique of my notes on the chart I posted earlier, if you have time

http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...&postcount=197

Many thanks

--- 帖子 #240 ---
Maybe a similar movement like beginning of 2005?

Well, maybe it is a better strategy that, waiting for EUR, GBP, AUD to bounce towards the daily high on 19 Nov, and try to establish short positions?

GBP and AUD has dropped about 600 pips!

--- 帖子 #241 ---
here you go

check the notes on the charts

Peace

--- 帖子 #242 ---
[quote=fiveshorts;1711030]feb2865, I'd still much appreciate your critique of my notes on the chart I posted earlier, if you have time

http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...&postcount=197

in your double top formation what really happened was a deep correction. The trend went back up again. You should take a note on that. Looks can be deceiving.

You don't need that 365 ema in my opinion.

in the # 3 waiting for a tip on the trendline to break, I suggest better to wait for the fractal. Trendlines can be deceiving. In that particular case I will sit on my hands.

On  B - seems like a trend reversal but I think that it could be another big correction - too many in my opinion. Smells like a period of consolidation is waiting ahead. Too much balance I personally don't like it. Also corrections in this pair are not structured. Just look at the last one is lower than the previous. Kinda of  a "fools game" in my opinion. Could go lower, stall in a coil, I mean.....you really don't have a clue.

No clue = no trade

We need market imbalance in order to make money. Remember that.

The last comment about "looking for long opportunities" I will prefer to sit on my hands and wait. I trade off confirmed fractals. If I don't see one = no trade. As simple as that. That's my hard and fast rule.

If I see something I don't like I just move on to the next one. I don't get attached to any market. All I care is a chance to make a buck you know????

Seems like that pair is factored on the stock market......what is it??? the Aussie???

--- 帖子 #243 ---
well yes and no. Right now we have oil and gold price thru the roof. I mean, the situation is different that 05.

My reasoning is that many big dogs outhere are hiding cash in the EURO. The perceive the US economy in the shambles. Not wanting to sound like a fundamentalist but you must keep your ear on the ground.

Peace

--- 帖子 #244 ---
[quote=feb2865;1711130]
I am sorry, could someone direct me to the post explaining how to trade off confirmed fractals.I have read all the posts here and I must have missed something.

--- 帖子 #245 ---
Here you go

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...=54528&page=11

look for post #154

Leigh made a good summary

Peace

--- 帖子 #246 ---
A double bottom? I can't get you. If DJ breaks out the highest on 11 Oct., maybe is double bottom?

What about DJ breaks down 13000 considering US economy going down? Well,if that happened, that would be a nightmare for JPY crosses.

Big brother, I back tested your method, which is described in the chart on thread 17, on 4H time frame.

Here are my results for you, Big brother and Second brother, Trader_V to check:

1. Your and Trader_V's methods are very good, and can bring positive and guaranteed pips on clear trend.

2. Your method will be the same as Trader_V's 1-2-3 in some occasions.

3. CAD/USD, EUR/USD, AUD/USD, NZD/USD, AUD/JPY, EUR/JPY, have clearer trend with less ranging market.

4. If you add up another trade. It is better there is some distance between them. For example, 1st trade is long @ 1.40, then the second long position better be opened more than 1.40, say 1.405 or 1.41. Isn't it?

5. If I use your/Trader_V's method a little bit more artistically, say, narrow the S/L when the market shows some weakness like AUD/USD on Nov 1, the result would be better.

6. It is very important that you trade 4H with the same direction as the daily trend. So, determining the daily trend, i.e., trade in the right direction is a key.

Thank you. Good night. Have a nice day!

Thanks for Dow Jones, My AUD/USD long position seems good now, wish that would not turn out to be just scalping!

Well, I hate scalping, because I was scalped by the market!

--- 帖子 #247 ---
randomlight -

The summary doesn't really talk specifically about the Fractal, so ...

Go to Page 12, and read the first paragraph (and click on the link) in my first post where it brings up feb2865's post where he drew his lines for the pullbacks.

Then scroll down to the bottom of that same page to Post #180 and you can see by the example chart how the Fractal depicts the similar pattern. It basically points out the highs and lows of turnaround points, so it more-or-less acts as a confirmation to the direction of the price action. On an uptrend, when the price action breaks through the "Up" (green) Fractal dots, that more-or-less confirms a breakout (and visa versa for the "Lo" (magenta) Fractal dots). I say "more-or-less" because as we all know, nothing is engraved in stone, and the market can change direction at anytime. But most of the time, I've found, that indicator serves good its purpose.

I've been using Fractals since the beginning and I used to overlook their importance, because my other indicators always took precedence on my focus and attention. After this thread, however, and stripping my charts naked (except for the Fractal), I can see that they serve as a great tool for confirming the price action. Since Fractals can redraw themselves, it's always better to wait for around 2 or 3 dots to appear before taking a position (thus waiting for the V-Formation is good, because that's normally at the 3rd dot).

--- 帖子 #248 ---
You probably missed that post of his --> http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...71#post1709171, so you might want to PM him to rejoin us

--- 帖子 #249 ---
This is one area that after being a pure technologist for years, I've finally started to add a fundamental view into my trading. Your description of, "keeping one ear on the ground", is really the best way to describe it.

I've found that in my trading it's best for me to trade with the trend, understanding the general fundamentals, and keeping an eye out on policy shifts.

Policy shifts don't happen overnight. So traders shouldn't think that, for example, this recent $ buying means the trend (in respect to EUR) is over... far from it IMO... That's why I'm a buyer in the 4400 area... after price confirmation of course...

--- 帖子 #250 ---
David -

I know it's hard to give up the shorter timeframes due to having to put a larger SL, cuz I went through the same thing for the longest time. I finally realized, however, that it just wasn't profitable trading short-term.

Please read this following post where I calculated why short term trades are not profitable --> http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...07&postcount=1 (I know it's a long post, but please take the time to read through it, as it quantifies what I am saying here.

In those scenarios, commissions were based on 1 lot = $100,000.

I've been trading live for 8 months, but here's some statistics from the last 5 months of actual trades that proves this fact (I'm currently trading 1 lot = $10,000):

July: Profit $66.01 Commissions: -284.37 (approx. 122 roundtrip trades)
August: Profit $538.21 Commissions: -$234.48 (approx. 185)
September: Loss -$378.69 Commissions: -$285.25 (approx. 233)
October: Profit: $18.72 Commissions: -$674.63 (approx. 357)
November: Loss -408.02 Commissions: -$61.77 (approx. 25)

Now for November, I started trading long-term from the 6th, so here's those statistics taking out Nov. 1st - 5th trades:

Nov. 06 to current: Loss -$419.35 Commissions: -$10.34 (approx. 7)

All other months up until Nov. 6, I've been trading short-term on shorter-timeframes.

* As you can see by my calculations in the above link I gave you, because trading long-term has much less trades being turned over at a higher profit target per trade, the commission expenses is much more feasible (well, I am currently in the negative, so it's not feasible if you're losing :, but you know what I mean, lol). Even if you're not with a broker who charges commission, you're still paying it on the spread. For me, I have no problems paying commissions or spreads to the brokers (they have to get paid somehow), but where I can be smart about it to maximize my profitability, is to minimize the amount I pay out to these expenses (thus going long-term) and to increase my wins to losses ratio.

For July, August and October, although I had more wins than losses, the commissions cut considerably into those profits, turning 2 of those months to negative profitability.

Please don't get scared about the larger loss going long-term, lol, because yes, it is bigger per roundtrip trade, but that's only because I went into those trades prior to reading this thread, thus I really should have stayed out of the market until the right bus came along on the 4hr and Daily. This is also another reason why using shorter timeframes (I originally used the 30m) is NOT good to determine where your trades should be placed. Like I said, my shorter-timeframes are in the trash can and I've taken them to the main dumpster so that I cannot pull them out again!

Anyway, the true test will be my results after implementing the rules of this method by the end of the month (granted there's an opportunity to enter back into the trend, or if there's a clear sign of a reversal in which the trend will switch the other way) and subsequent months.

In any case, the conclusion one can gather from my statistics, is that when you trade short-term, you tend to over-trade, which in turn leads to more losses than wins, because of the tighter SL you have to put and with forex, there's just too many whipsawing that goes on.

Trading long-term, longer-timeframes and with price action is the key, this I have no doubt.

Like alcastro mentioned in one of his Post #173 ...

I feel exactly the same way. I was following indicators blindly. When they said jump I jumped.

I am not following feb2865 blindly. I wouldn't be following his method if it just didn't make such darn good sense. Even if feb showed us his income statement and he wasn't making money, I wouldn't discard his system/method, I would simply feel that he must not be following his own rules and it doesn't mean that someone else can't follow it and be profitable.

I know and accept that I will still get a certain degree of losses, but by learning and knowing how to trade using price action and staying consistent and diligent to the rules of the game, I can certainly put the odds in my favor, thus having a better chance in hell than a snowball at least, lol (is my feelings, anyway).

Just from my experience (and you can see my statistics for yourself), I really would encourage you to go long-term. But, do so within your means ... don't keep entering/adding positions if you can't afford it. Just build up your wealth slowly. As you start to be consistent with your wins, then you compound (adding more lots to your trades). That way, you don't blow out your account faster than you can build it.

You know what I mean?

--- 帖子 #251 ---
We definitely share the same views about the market. If you're looking to buy around 4400 area that tells me you have done your homework!!!

--- 帖子 #252 ---
Yipee!! Another woman!! http://leighswishingwell.com/lp/emotes/banana.gif

Look alcastro, now you have another lady to stare at (oh, and she's got experience, so even the better!! )

--- 帖子 #253 ---
Great post!!!!!!!!

--- 帖子 #254 ---
Yes...not too many of us around here ....females that is...lol

I am not a naked trader either...lol...way toooo scary in all concepts.

I am really enjoying this thread though as it is making me think...rather than see and react.

Cheers!

--- 帖子 #255 ---
I'm curious as to how you come up with 4400 as an area to buy?

Thanks.

Scott

--- 帖子 #256 ---
I'm going to take a stab at it just for the heck of it, lol ... because it's at the 50% retracement on the Fib?

*edited - oh and I should add ... at the closest round number

I'd be curious too, if that's not it.

--- 帖子 #257 ---
Leigh,

I also like you post but would like to lightly criticise elements of it.  For background, I am an index trader rather than forex currently.  I have been trading HSI only for the last 3 years (6-20 traders per day) and have recently switched to SPI, STW, and N225 because HSI went sino-psychotic so my strategy didn't work as well.  I aim to take 3 trades per day on each of these.

I used to trade eurfx on 5 minutes but would drop to 1 minute on breakouts and news events.

I trade in a way that is not dissimilar to feb2865 but I have always had 4 emas (or smas) on each chart ... two represent current trend on my timeframe and two represent trend as seen by people trading the next timeframe up.

First the agreement:

- longer term is easier than short term because you pay less commission

- longer term is easier than short term because the commission is a smaller percentage of the expected revenue per trade

- longer term is easier than short term because the psychological issues are easier (the longer you have between trades to a) recover from the last trades, b) become more rational, c) think (not feel) about the next entry and plan it the better especially when new).

- longer term is easier than short term because macro/funde elements have more effect on long term so there is less perceived noise in the trade.

But the "disagreement":

- LOL ... you guys say long term about 4 hours but when I started long term was trading weekly bars instead of daily bars

- there are a lot more swings on short term which can be traded

- the noise only looks that way and with skill may be used to ones advantage while trading in the direction of the trend

- a big part of the personal problem you describe probably isn't the short term, its in the phrases: "I was following indicators blindly. When they said jump I jumped." and selectivity is as important in short term as long - every day I start by telling myself its ok if I don't trade at all and that "patience to wait for the odds to stack in my favour is the MOST important part of trading."

It does sound like you're on the right track and I wish you well.  I would encourage all newer traders to trade in the "long term" but don't discard the possibility that short term might also suit you at some point in your career.

--- 帖子 #258 ---
Thanks for the feedback, info and well wishes, kiwi-trader

--- 帖子 #259 ---
Mr. Trend;

Here is a post that might help you. http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...t=52485&page=9

On post #130, there are some description about fundamentals and how they effect and decide trend in my opinion.

--- 帖子 #260 ---
Here is my view: http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...04&postcount=3

--- 帖子 #261 ---
Because I am looking to buy at discount and 4400-4500 area is a "sale" in my opinion. But is not a "blind" opinion, let me explain.

The Euro has been priced already around 4700 area. We're getting a pullback to 4500 area. As I rely solely on the context of the market I am trading (as well as looking at the indices to see if there's some "weight ") I am looking to stacks odds in my favor.

While others are running to the hills shouting "overbought"  or " I am so scared "...I have a welcome sign saying" come to pappa"

It's all a matter of perspective.

I don't over analyze charts. I look for conditions only (trends, corrections, selling pressure, fractals etc.) and then I make my decision.

I don't like choppy stuff. I cherry pick not only the trades but the markets. I trade whatever makes sense. I also increase/decrease bet size based on market conditions. That includes taking some profit off the table an allocating  somewhere else. That's another story.

After I place a trade, other than trailing my stops whenever is a chance, I do nothing. I let the market do whatever. I don't have my eyes "glued" on the monitor(s). I know this is probably the hardest part for plenty of traders but you gotta do it, there's no shortcuts.

If I get stopped out

oh man I am off the subject I am in a "talking mode" today

Trader V what the hell you put on my coffee this morning? LOL

Peace

Peace

--- 帖子 #262 ---
Thank you so much for your detailed explanation and experience sharing. I really appreciate it.

Actually, I also invest in stocks. And I can hold my stock portfolio for years as long as the company I invested is still growing and not over-valued. For stocks, I use only fundamental analysis, TA only plays a very little part.

But for leveraged FOREX, while, high leverage really gives opportunities for fast money. So it turned me into a gambler or plunger (Well, I wish I could be a Boy Plunger).

I also have some methods or system to scalp or make profit on daily trade. But I have too many enemies against you like spikes, spreads(commission), news, stop loss setting up problems etc.

I can make profits by short-term trading if every time after I made it and closed my computer immediately. But the problem is that, I keep consistently losing due to over trades. I just can't stop and I will have a bad trading habit and worse--- when a true trend comes, you have no positions at all and instead you begin to try to make pips by trading against trend.

--- 帖子 #263 ---
Ok here is what I see on during that same TF.

3 possible long trades the last of which makes an ugly formation and is discretionary for entry.

A was entered at 156.07 SL 153.21

B Was entered at 157.45 SL 156.36 for both A and B

At the top of C2 I marked this as a caution area because of he weak close.  Price has a tendancy to not make it past these areas so for me it's a heads up spot.

Because the C 1-2-3 is pretty ugly I generally don't take these setups because price closed on that bar weak at the top.  As price progressed eyond this point C2 moving a stop to this area or at a minimum to the BE area for the B entry is most advisable.

Yes hind sight vision is always 20/20 but how you play these positions as the market plays out is the same as how you lok at these setups in the past.  It has to be that way or you end up taking sloppy setups and making erors in tading.

Hope this helps a bit.  And again this is what I see through my trading eyes.

Excellent observations you have made here and the fact hat you are making revelations as to adding on or not adding on and just trailing a stop shows you are thinking hard about these things and progressing as a trader.

Keep it up I think we all really enjoy this dialog.

And thanks for the B-Day wishes my wife saw the post and was thankful as well.

Trader_V

[/quote]

--- 帖子 #264 ---
Hi! Big Brother.

One question for you, if in one hour, when the 4H close price of E/U is higher than the previous highest 4H price(1.4567). Is it a buying signal?

Thank you.

--- 帖子 #265 ---
Sorry dude I like it strong you know give a big ole kick start in the wee hours...lol  No you see why some of my posts are so stinking long

--- 帖子 #266 ---
So, Mr. Trend, you use the EMA and the trend line to determine your entry for that pullback then, and solely on that for that particular number? (I guess it doesn't require an answer, because re-looking at your chart, it looks pretty obvious that it is, lol)

And feb2865, why that particular number, because could the market still not go down further to possibly 4300 or 4150 even? (I'm not predicting it's going down to there :, just wondering "what if", lol)

Here are two charts. The first is where I thought might have been why that 4400 number was picked.

The 2nd chart is where I picked the numbers 4300 and 4150.

I am still curious why 4400 specifically (because looking at the charts, and going strictly by price action with no indicators, I don't yet see the reason for that particular number)?

LOL, again, like I said, it has to make sense for me, so please can you explain a little more detail, why that particular number?

Thank you!

--- 帖子 #267 ---
Dear Trader_V:

Thank you very much.

I compared your entries with mine. I have two more trades before your first trade entry. There is no entry for your B. Your entry C is my entry 4. Here is the chart. My first entry didn't follow 1-2-3 method strictly.

The pair and time period I chose are actually very challenging. But it still tells some thing.

--- 帖子 #268 ---
Yes, over-trading is a real killer, I can relate. I guess this forex is a test for all of us in discipline, lol.

I'm currently testing a "revolving" lot - entering 2 lots on the initial position, keeping one lot in for the long-term (Daily), and one lot will TP every 50 pips on the 4hr and re-enter at the V-Formation until the long-term is ready to exit, lol.

That will help me bank some pips to help buffer the larger SL.

One (of the many) things I learned from this thread is to NOT enter in the middle of things, so I am going to pick my trades so that I am as close to the previous day's low candlestick as possible, so that my SL doesn't have to be horrendous, lol. I'm hoping not to put more than 100 - 150 pip SL.

This is why I will only trade one or two currency pairs at a time and only enter 1 revolving lot at a time.

Like I said, I am going to build gradually, I'm not in a hurry and I'm not needing to be greedy. I honestly feel that consistency is the key, so once I can establish consistent wins to losses over-and-over, then I will start compounding by increasing lot sizes.

Anyway, would something like that work for you, too?

On my 4 previous trades (before I knew about this system), I would have banked 50 pips on all of them before stopping out, so this is what gave me the idea to do this.

I'm always going with the trend though, NEVER against when taking these pips

--- 帖子 #269 ---
You know, the more I look at these Daily and 4hr charts, I can see that the longer-timeframes are really more forgiving and you have more time to react.

I'm sure many experienced traders can take profit on retracements of 100 - 200+ pips easily.

Entry would be the V-Formation on the Daily and exit on the V-Formation on the 4hr.

I'm not going to do it myself, lol, I've made a commitment to sticking to the rules of "trend" trading, but I'm just musing that for those who can do it well, all the power to them!

I wouldn't recommend less experienced traders do that until they absolutely know what the heck they're doing, lol, but experienced traders, sure why not!

The only thing that matters is consistent results, and if they are achieving that, good for them!

LOL, I don't know why I felt a need to post this (maybe cuz I feel bad about rawing the behinds of alcastro and fiveshorts, lol). Sorry

--- 帖子 #270 ---
I am with you in trying to understand why that particular number is being considered.  The only way I got that number was a confluence of fib numbers (using Dinapoli) however since we are going with price action....I am at a loss.

--- 帖子 #271 ---
I do not want to boast, but I posted this on Friday night:

"David, I am NOT Feb, nor Trader_V, nor five Shorts, but hey...I am going to let you knowmy opinion anyway:

If you go long you will playing a typical Feb trade (am i right Feb?), in which there is a correction in the uptrend that AU/US is in and now it should resume that uptrend. What I am planning to do is to wait for the reversal candle and the confirmation candle. If both happen, I will go long at the high of the confirmation candle. That is, i should be long on wednesday (that candle may also break above the high pivot, so it would also be an entry in Trader's_V book).

If it goes short, breaking the support line, I am planning to go short. So I am waiting for a confirmation of the support line brake, at least 10-15 pips below the line, and i am in. My TP, as i said in a previous post, is somewhere above the low pivot at 0.8750. Since I like to play safe I will put my TP at least 50 pips above that one, that is: 0.8800. But I will also have a trailing stop following the downfall (just in case).

My stops, if I go long would be just below the low of the previous candle, and if I go short, just above the support line that in my case is at 9110.

In both cases my R:R are more than 1:1. So it is cool."(post#171).

Well...I bagged some pips from thi move. Not all of them because I had a trailing stop at -50, and in one small pullback it hitted me. But I had`enough pips to make me laugh. No fibos, no emas crossing, no bs. Just PA, s/r and common sense. Hmmmmmm....being naked is soooooooo good!!!!!

--- 帖子 #272 ---
Thank you, ma'am.  I adopted the same method with you.

I tested 4H time frame. Sometimes, the S/L could be wide as 200 pips for 4h.  But never mind, just reduce the position size, so when S/L is hit, I won't lose more than 10%. By Big Brother Feb, and Second brother Trader_V's method, you add positions with a controlled risk because, S/L is moved up.

By trading smaller time frame and get profit out of something like scalping, it is OK, I also do that. But the problem is that, I also close positions which is supposed to be for longer period. I can tell you my sad stories just last week.

Do you know at what price I shorted NZD/USD, and GBP/JPY? For N/U, it was 0.7869 (now it is 7533), I closed two thirds, but the last one is stop-lossed just by a less than 30 pips temporary loss. I shorted G/J around 239.8 (now it is 227), but by scalping, I closed all with 40 pips only because I see other opportunities.

So be careful. You may accidentally close all including the positions for longer time.

--- 帖子 #273 ---
Congratulations to you.

My time is GMT+8, so when I got up, well, 200 pips have gone from A/U/. So I decided to give up.

Another problem with Forex is that it opens 24 hrs.

--- 帖子 #274 ---
Whoo-hoo!! CONGRATULATIONS!!! http://leighswishingwell.com/lp/emotes/clap3.gif

LOL, I can see alcastro doing this right now --> http://leighswishingwell.com/lp/emotes/bustamove.gif

I guess he put a pillow on his backside :

--- 帖子 #275 ---
http://leighswishingwell.com/lp/emotes/console.gif

There'll be other opportunities for you ... many more buses!

--- 帖子 #276 ---
Thanks Leigh.

By the way, regarding your short time frame stuff....I am not an advocate of scalping. I am too much of a chicken to do that. But I have seen a super- trader in this forum scalp the market brilliantly. Go and read Steviets thread. He was a long term advocate, at the end he scalped the GB/JP and went without a loss for more than 360 consecutive trades, bagging pips like crazy. As much as I admired...and envied his success I knew I could not be a scalper. That is not my style...I do not have the nerves to do it. I am a more relaxed guy. But my point here is that evrybody has their own style and as long as it fits them..... By the way, steviet is also an advocate of nuduty. He had almost no indicators...just PA. But he was short and i am long....ooooopss!!!!! sorry I forgot I was naked!!!!

--- 帖子 #277 ---
Yup, you are right. If it fits them, and they are successful at it, consistently making profits, then all the power to them!

LOL! Alright!!

http://leighswishingwell.com/lp/emotes/blink.gif

--- 帖子 #278 ---
ACK!! I just realized that the dancing emote I used to depict you, alcastro, is a banana!! http://leighswishingwell.com/lp/emotes/ohmy.gif

After your last comment, I am not going to use that in this thread anymore, I'm totally --> http://leighswishingwell.com/lp/emotes/blush.gif

--- 帖子 #279 ---
Actually, you kinda answered your own question and it's good you noticed the EMA.

I actually didn't look at the chart and say, "Oh man, there's my 25EMA or 150, and damn, I'm reversing..."

What I did say is, "In the past, the EUR (and almost every market) loves to bounce off of TLs, particularly weekly based TLs... and the fact that there's a 50% retrace right in that area, AND it's lined up with an EMA that I know works well for my entries means that I'm going to sit up and take notice."

That's what my thought process was...

So what if it goes to 4100? Or what if it stops at 4500? So what if it does. I have no idea. If it stops at 4500, and a pinbar or a bullish outside bar forms, you better believe I'm gonna play that setup... because I know those setups work....

The probability also goes higher because a) we're still fundamentally bullish with the Eurozone economy versus the US, and b) if the market indices (including Asian and Eurozone) show some sort of down move weakening, then you better believe I'm feeling more comfortable about that trade.

There's a reason why people who are successful and have been trading for awhile trade longer term trade setups.

--- 帖子 #280 ---
LOL, that question wasn't actually for you, because I see that your method uses the TL and EMA. For the method we are following (feb2865's), with primarily price action determining our entries/exits, I wasn't quite seeing the logic yet with how specifically 4400 is derived as the entry point, when we're not yet sure if the price isn't going to go further down.

If feb2865 also uses trendlines to depict his entry then that would make sense.

I guess for myself, I'm going to need confirmation of a couple more fractals on the 4hr to know when it's clearly heading back up, but that's just me. I'm normally a risk taker, but in this case after learning some about price action, I would have to wait for a clearer sign of either the trend continuation or the price further dropping (especially because I got stopped out previously going in too early on my entry. If I had paid more attention to the Fractals, as well as implemented this thread's method, I would have waited).

That is true.

That may be enough of a reason not to wait for my Fractal confirmation. Hmmmm, I'll have to weigh this out a little bit. But, good point!

Thanks for sharing your experience, Mr Trend

--- 帖子 #281 ---
Dear Big Brother Feb, Second Big Brother Trader_V, Leigh, Alcastro,Mr. Trend, Antra, fiveshorts, randomlight, Scooter, Kiwi_trader, ownshook, billbss, colbru , melpheos, farimir and so on:

On last Friday, I uploaded AUD/USD daily chart, and gave some my analysis. I am very glad that Alcastro profited on that opportunity.

When we see some kind of opportunities for a pair on 4H chart , can we just upload the chart? So we have many eyes on different pairs. So we have more chances. Is it a kind of synergy?

Sincerely, David (Greenspan's Green)

--- 帖子 #282 ---
David, my dear, it is sooo sweet of you to try to acknowledge us all individually in your salutations, however it is very okay to just say "Dear Everyone", lol.

I fear that in the near future, if this thread gets any bigger, you may be stringing names till the opening and closing of a daily candle, lol.

Again, you are soooo sweet and your thoughtfulness is very much appreciated , but please make your life easy (as feb would say)

Regarding your question, sure no problem for me

--- 帖子 #283 ---
oh man I most definitely use a cup of coffee now. LOL

--- 帖子 #284 ---
Ok I am so sorry I check my post and my explanation on theses numbers was kinda ambiguous.

Round numbers, 4500 4000 3900 5000 - DOW 12000, 12500 s&p 1500,  1550 etc. -  500 ticks intervals are sweet spots for the big dogs and sharks.. Sorry you can't see that on hindsight .  But if you look closely on price action, the market goes crazy when it reaches theses numbers.

I am looking at areas 4400-4500 not an specific number. If the market goes down below 4400, I just sit down, sip a cup of coffee courtesy of our dear friend trader V and do nothing other than observe.

Be the predator, not the prey.

Patience plays a big role on this business.

Peace

--- 帖子 #285 ---
Goor morning everyone!  Well I must say the market is strting to shape up a bit.  I am still observing at this point and have not entered any trades.  I picked up +400 pips last week so I am just waiting for the next opportunity to show itself.

Attached is a litle calculation tool you all can use to determine your position size in a matter of seconds.  Simply input the apropriate information in the yellow cells and poof our answers are spit out in the red cells.  Colored appropriatly I think...lol

So plop in your account balance Stop loss level and what you plan to risk on your trades.  As your account grows (being optomistic here) adjust your account balance appropriately.

My recommendation is this only change the account balance as it grows by 10% this way you are increasing your lot sizes appropriately which in turn leads to compounding during stages of growth and the same goes for any drawdown.

I use a 3% risk model.  If you are a more aggressive trader you may trade up to 10% on a single trade   I have no probelm being naked but it's another story to stick a branding iron to my back side...lol  To each their own I always say.

Feb I have a huge pot of coffee on the way.  Actually I will have to send you what I have found to be the best coffee I have ever had.   It is from Panama.  I have been around so I have had my fare shar of the good, the bad, and the ugly...lol

Stay tuned for a more advanced version of this spreadsheet folks.  I will add a few things like a maximum risk exposure area so you can enter as many as 10 trades but once you expose yourself to more than 10% of your account balance in the market you will know and can prevent over leavraging yourself.

Ok Enough bable on to the second cup of coffee.  Which I am sure will lead to more really long posts...lol

Cheers

--- 帖子 #286 ---
Hi, This is a great thread but I do have some questions :

You say that you trade with the trend but in your examples you talk about 16 august when every index showed a hammer and a continuation candle. Where did you go long and why because at that point the trend was not up?

If you see a v-pattern forming on the 1 H you say you go to the 4 H chart to look for a better entry. How do you do that? Do you look for a v-pattern as well and see if you have confirmation there at a better price?

In thread nr 102 you showed where you took the trade (after 3 bars) do you always need 3 bars to form the beginning of a v-pattern or is 2 also possible?

I am looking forward to your answers and I would really like to see you post some more charts with your previous trades (entry + exit)

Good trading to everybody!

--- 帖子 #287 ---
I thought I would take a moment to sum up this thread to see if I am on the right track.

On the GBPUSD Day Chart below....we have an overall uptrend and 3 days of corrections.

Todays candle...for example sake....will be considered an end to the correction and the beginning of overall trend resumption.

From what I understand....we wait until the yellow line "HIGH" is taken out (stronger confirmation of trend resumption) .... then we can drop down to the 4 hour and look for a cheaper entry looking for the "V" setup or the 1-2-3 entry on 2 break entry. (or simply use the day chart for entry).

To be honest....looking at the 4 hour chart for today....it is tough to sit on hands and jump the gun on a long entry instead of waiting for the day confirmation.

Stop would be placed under the day candle that proceeds the breakout candle.

Appreciate any critique of my understanding. Thanks.

--- 帖子 #288 ---
Okay, thanks feb2865 for the clarification

WoW, thanks for the spreadsheet and info on MM, Trader_V!

I'm hardly an expert at this yet, but here's my take on it ...

I would wait on re-entering the upward trend. Look at my two charts attached. The top one is the 4hr and the bottom one is the Weekly.

Both have acquired a Fractal and a dot. Yes, Fractals can redraw itself, but the fact that one was created, and with what the Weekly is showing, I would wait.

Also, for the 4hr, the entry, in my opinion, would be too late, thus you would not be buying at a discount. You would be already approx. 100 pips away from the candlestick where you would have entered according to the V-Formation example.

Again, looking at the 4hr and especially the Weekly, and the Fractal and candlesticks being created, it doesn't yet to me look like a long position should be taken just yet.

*edited - Since the Weekly has developed a lower fractal, too, however, when there's more confirmation on the Daily for the trend continuation, then that would be time for reconsideration. However, feb2865 mentioned that he doesn't necessarily look at the Weekly, so who knows, lol, but I do feel that it has stories to tell (especially looking at the pattern it has created for that currency pair) and should merit a need for a peek at it once-in-a-while, I think, lol.

Anyway, that's my opinion, let's see what others say.

--- 帖子 #289 ---
Thanks, Trader V, for the risk calculator.  Simple enough. Perfect.

--- 帖子 #290 ---
Thank you for taking time to respond leighsww.

I will concur that the 4 hr has zoomed up and as a look at the 4 hr candle set to close at 1600 est, it is starting to put in a low (retrace) which would give me a cheaper entry perhaps as it unfolds over the next several 4hr intervals.

To be honest...the talk about fractals and dots spin in my head as I have never utilized them....don't really know the implications of them nor have those on my charts.

If I were to zoom out to the weekly chart.....I will agree that it does not give any indication of a long trend resumption (it is however messing around near a support line put in on july 22) however I would think by the time that it does....this pair would have already moved substantially to the upside.

Great thread.....great input......

--- 帖子 #291 ---
I apologize, ownshook .

Yes, I should not be depending on the Fractals to demonstrate my feedback/opinions, as I realize that not everyone will have that indicator on their charts.

You are right about that, as well, and I would not depend on the Weekly to make my decisions to enter, but mainly to show me where the overall bigger picture might be at, and to confirm to me if I should stay out for now until I see a clear confirmation of the Daily continuing the uptrend.

Good input from you!

--- 帖子 #292 ---
I spoke to soon.  Metatrader does have a fractal indicator (Bill Williams)

"Fractal Technical Indicator it is a series of at least five successive bars, with the highest HIGH in the middle, and two lower HIGHs on both sides. The reversing set is a series of at least five successive bars, with the lowest LOW in the middle, and two higher LOWs on both sides, which correlates to the sell fractal. The fractals are have High and Low values and are indicated with the up and down arrows"

I don't want to clutter this thread with these kinds of posts however there are many who use metatrader and they should know that it does have them.

--- 帖子 #293 ---
Cool!

Now, I wonder if somebody knows how to program those dots into the script/code of that indicator? lol

I find that the dots really help with the visual effects of the possible continuation of the price action's movement (I say possible, because again, nothing is engraved in stone, lol).

*edited - It's also great for spotting the breakouts right away, like Trader_V's method, without having to draw the lines yourself.

--- 帖子 #294 ---
feb2865 will answer your other questions directed to him, however I did have a little opinion on the above you wrote ...

I'm thinking that waiting for the 3rd candle is probably safer to determine if the trend is indeed continuing due to watching where their close is at, because many times the 2nd candle isn't enough to really be confident about it, especially if the next candle decides to head back the other way, as we see many times happen, even in the case of double-tops/double-bottoms which if you're putting your SL at the bottom of the previous day's candle, it could still take you out if it goes slightly below the previous candle enough to where your SL is located, before heading the right way.

Take for example the chart I've attached (see circled area). Unfortunately, in that scenario, even getting in at the right candle for any of those possibilities (and there's several because they are in a consolidation, but of course we don't know that at the time, cuz we are only seeing this now in hindsight), most of those would have been stopped out, and can you imagine if you kept trying to go back in thinking that it's going to go up finally?

Having the extra candlestick will definitely help your odds in the long-run, to avoid instances of this nature in majority of cases (lol, I say "majority" cuz as we see in the example chart, that was a bummer of a situation due to the consolidation, which happens, but more times out of any, the V-Formation formula seems to work for overall pullbacks).

--- 帖子 #295 ---
Okay, I was just re-examining the chart I posted above in regards to that consolidation and how even getting in at the right candlestick would have been stopped out many times, however, maybe this might not be so ...

When I re-examine feb2865's example of the V-Formation, maybe we have to wait until that entry candlestick exceeds the previous candlestick's high (or low if it's a downtrend)? Once it clearly has shown to have exceeded it at some point, then we can enter, no?

If that is the case, then the above scenarios wouldn't have us entering, we would have sat out, because none of the 3rd candlesticks made it above the previous candle's high.

That would have saved us from getting into a bad situation in the case of consolidation.

--- 帖子 #296 ---
Yes I went long actually was on AUG 23 The trend on EUR/USD comes back from 2002.

Yes I wait for the third candle - that minimizes risk...It is not a holy grail, just reduces risk in my opinion.

I trade a variety of markets.  I could post charts but isn't going to be forex. I don't get chained to a single market.

--- 帖子 #297 ---
Exactly how I do it. I wait for the close, then I enter  IF it breaks the higher/high or lower low of the last one. The V-formation has to be there.

I'll post some charts on the next post

--- 帖子 #298 ---
Okay, that's GREAT! Thanks for confirming that, feb!!

--- 帖子 #299 ---
Good morning and Good evening to all:

Thanks Trader_V for your risk management table, thanks Big Brother for further elaboration on your method, thanks Leigh for your comments, and others as well.

If E/U closes above 1.4630 3 and half hour later, it meets Big Brother's and Trader_V's methods both. Is it a chance to open a long position?

Take your own risk if you make any decision.

Cheers.

--- 帖子 #300 ---
Great thread to all contributing.

feb2865 are you familiar with the Darvas Box method? it compliments itself well to the trading methods here and gives some clear rules re-price action, entries and exits on pull backs.

Although this theory often get criticised for giving back to much profit based on the stoploss from box to box it excels in trending markets. This may be useful on a lower timeframe i.e. 4hr for initial entry and SL and has some very clear rules for defining boxes based on price action.

I use the Darvas box in trending markets but have modified based on modem market volatility for SL. These have been based on a three candle reverse and additional box strategies for SL.

--- 帖子 #301 ---
Hey brother David

This is a 4 hr charts you're showing. The market got down to 1.45 area (currency futures) today but I sat on my hands 'cause I like to see a fractal formed(and confirmed) on the daily charts.

4hr time frames is some sort of a "discount window" for me.  That's it.

Ok Leigh I can hear you. I have to be more specific.

My "play" on the 4 hour charts is when the market has broken the higher high/lower low I am looking for . Remember I play conservative in order to minimize risk as much as possible.

I am still looking to buy at discount 1.44-1.45 AREA( see capital words) I don't know if that's gonna happen - nobody knows

But if I see a confirmed fractal going on and the market is moving up in a fast pace, I have no choice but to get onboard FAST!!!!!!

Good to see U around brother

peace

--- 帖子 #302 ---
Leigh

I love your posts. Kinda keep us in check

Keep them coming

Peace

--- 帖子 #303 ---
Markj I am interested in anything that may enhance my understanding of trading without indicators and did a google on the Darvas method It seems that it`s pretty much a basic break-out system right?

--- 帖子 #304 ---
So as with EUR/USD (or AUD/USD, NZD/USD), if you see the confirmed V-Formation on the Daily tomorrow, you would enter these, then?

I am thinking that your following quotes would suggest this ...

... okay, I can do that

I was thinking anyway that if we see the formation and we go in, we can always exit if it's not finished retracing. We might still be able to bank at least 50 - 100 pips even then.

Heck, we can even bank a few pips going on the retracement when following the V-Formation and Fractals ... but, hey, I'm not going there, just saying is all, lol :

--- 帖子 #305 ---
Hey Mark

I tried Darvas boxes in the past. About the stop loss, I believe that's how you handle your position in terms of capital. I think they're ok nothing spectacular in my opinion. Just based this comment on experience But I guess you have an edge on that.

I prefer not to add too much content to the mix in order to keep the integrity of the thread.

Peace

--- 帖子 #306 ---
LOL, thanks

---

Okay, that hugging emote is just a little too intimate, especially for us being naked and all.

I'm gonna have to use my own hugging emote in the future (one that doesn't make me feel so touchy-feely : lol)

--- 帖子 #307 ---
I am only trading EUR/USD  but as the for the AUD/USD and NZD/USD I personally haven't see these charts today but if you see a confirmed fractal, as long as you know where the trend is..... I  say "go girl " LOL

Just make sure you have your stop-loss in place.

You know Leigh I have to tell you a secret but you have to make sure you don't tell anyone ok???

I do counter-trend moves LOL

But that's a big story and I promise I'll explain one day as it requires another setup etc.

Peace

--- 帖子 #308 ---
ACK!! http://leighswishingwell.com/lp/emotes/shock2.gif

LOL, well, as I said in my Post #270 ... as long as you're successful and profitable with it ... all the power to ya!!

Okay, hush is the word ... your secret is safe with me

--- 帖子 #309 ---
Feb -

In regards to the following post I had made:  http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...&postcount=288

Would you concur on the setup as I understand it to be?

--- 帖子 #310 ---
It is a breakout system above the Darvas box. However the formation of the darvas box high has very clear rules that are applied in the forming of a box.

i.e.

- has to be at least 3 lower highs from the high

- if a new low is set below the last candle after at least 3 lower highs then it does not constitute the low or the high of the the box

What are the benefits of the Darvas Box for trend continuation trading?

It will add an exact stop loss point based on acceptable volatility around price action

It defines some rules around pullback, trend continuation and possible trend collapse.

Some of the not so good points for the Darvas Box are that it was not built for modern day market volatility. So the SL for this system was based on the most recent Darvas Box and in a lot of trends a new box may not be established for many days as the strong trend continues. That is were a large amount of profit can be given back.

--- 帖子 #311 ---
I am so sorry not to reply to you my friend. I kinda have a tendency to  miss some posts

Just give me a moment so I can take a closer look at your charts

Peace

--- 帖子 #312 ---
Thank you Big Bro.

Congratulations to you, your prediction on DJII is perfect!

Yes, it is a 4H chart. You are very patient and conservative in trading.  I should learn this from you. And I owed you a favor for that.

By looking for a fractal on daily chart, you mean you will open long positions if E/U price movement appears like the ones from Aug. 17 to Sept.6, and from Oct.1 to Oct 11 and do nothing for price movement from Oct.22 to Oct 25? Please see the attached daily chart ( I don't know why attachment can't be seen).

Again, thank you very much.

--- 帖子 #313 ---
Actually NZD/USD may need to wait a bit until it breaks .7800 (it looks like it's in a consolidation atm), but attached is EUR/USD for anybody interested

--- 帖子 #314 ---
David (and anybody else having the same problem) ...

What you need to do is, click Preview Post before submitting your post, so you can see if your image took. If it didn't then re-upload it a 2nd time. You don't need to remove/delete the existing one first, you can just upload the exact same file again and it will override the one on the server.

Then click the Preview Post button again to view your post, and you should see the image. Then hit the Submit Reply.

If you still don't see it after the 2nd time, keep doing it until you do. It will eventually take.

* edited - David, you can Edit your post and do what I mentioned instead of reposting a new post with the attachment. That way, you won't have to have two posts with the same chart and it will still show up in your original post.

--- 帖子 #315 ---
Thank you. You are a life saver and genius. I also wish I could be hugged by you.

--- 帖子 #316 ---
I have an alarm setup at x price and I go do something else. It all depends. If you think you're gonna miss the bus then forget about the discount and go jump right in. Don't make it a hard rule. You can use the daily chart for entry all along. It's just me I like to buy stuff at discount.

The rest of your understanding is good.

Peace

--- 帖子 #317 ---
My apologise,

--- 帖子 #318 ---
Many thanks for your input.  This thread can move pretty fast so it is expected that some posts may get missed.

Once the high is taken out...and you zoom into the 4hr...are you looking for the same "V" formation or do you have a different way of getting into the trade?  As a habit...I have always gone a timeframe lower for entry so I can appreciate that move.

--- 帖子 #319 ---
I don't look for a V setup in 4 hr I  am looking to buy at discount . I look for  price. The V formation is already there on the daily charts.

Peace

--- 帖子 #320 ---
LOL, okay here's a hug (I guess I better give you the touchy-feely one, since I don't wanna make you feel left out, BUT you're the LAST one!!! All others get NO touchy-feely hugs!! http://leighswishingwell.com/lp/emotes/whip.gif ) -->

--- 帖子 #321 ---
For those who trade with brokers setup at 00:00 GMT there's a beautiful V shape on EUR/USD on the daily chart.

--- 帖子 #322 ---
Mark - thank you for your posts. Even if it's not going to be used for this method in this thread, however, please do not stop contributing completely.

Any feedback/opinion/info/etc. you can make with any experience you have that can still be helpful/applied to those in this thread using feb's method, would be so appreciated.

There's always some bit of advice/input that might fit in here keeping in tune with feb's method. I'm sure you have a lot to offer. Even if it's looking at our charts and giving your opinion about the trades.

Thank you, I hope you will stay with us! http://leighswishingwell.com/lp/emotes/hug.gif

However, have you gotten naked? http://leighswishingwell.com/lp/emotes/yeahright.gif

--- 帖子 #323 ---
Oh man I didn't see this post

You don't need to apologize. I am so sorry If I've been rude or something.

Just that I rather keep things in line with the first post.

But please join the thread. I know you're a smart poster I have read your post before.

Again I apologize if I've been rude Mark!!!

Peace

--- 帖子 #324 ---
Damn I'm late again...lol  I can't believe I missed out on the hugs.

Holy crap you folks have been busy today.  Excelent posts by all!!!  See what happens when you take off the indicator glasses, you can see clearly now the lines are gone...LOL

Look now I am getting delerious.  Ok I am off to bed I have some things comming up that have kept me busy during the day.  Sorry for not being around so often.

Man oh man you folks type a lot!!!   LOL

--- 帖子 #325 ---
Just an FYI I am watching this pair to contiune it's previous trend.  I am also watching the USD/JPY very closely.

--- 帖子 #326 ---
Guys,  this is something you must be aware of

I don't have a clue about how forex brokers operates. Make sure your broker's clock is set at 00:00 GMT  That could create a huge difference in your trading especially if you're looking to ride the bus early.

Peace

--- 帖子 #327 ---
Crude oil is having a correction and I see that the loonie is finally in agreement mode.

That will be a nice trade!!!!

--- 帖子 #328 ---
Screwing around with something horrible called work.

I hate it when they do that to me!   I am a contractor, and clients call from time to time. I can't convince them to just send the check. It's something I am working on. lol)

(for future reference, if you don't hear from me, I am painting something. Good news is that I get paid for it - Bad news is I literally get to "watch paint dry" sometimes. )

However, I bagged 100 pips in the NZD short.....so it all worked out. It's amazing how much more my profits run when I am not here to take them. lol

Clockwork

--- 帖子 #329 ---
You weren't rude at all feb and I'm definitely not that sensitive. I had all intention of sticking around and will add where I feel I can add some value to the thread.

I just wanted to apologise (apologize) for possible thread invasion!

--- 帖子 #330 ---
Hey welcome back!!! We missed you.

Yeah I hear you. But you got to do it.

Glad you make some dough on the kiwi.

Peace

--- 帖子 #331 ---
Hey guys great thread.

Feb or anyone else can they confirm this is what they are seeing on the  EUR/USD chart? Also in regards to my comments on the chart I was wondering if this would be a correct way to enter or would you wait for the previous swing high to be taken out first before entering?

cheers

p.s sorry about the chart size MT4 wouldn't let me save it smaller once I wrote text on the chart.

--- 帖子 #332 ---
What do you mean by this?

I'm hoping it's not what I think it is, lol

feb, are you hitting on poor Mr. Merlot again? :

FANTASTIC!! Great job!!  And welcome back! http://leighswishingwell.com/lp/emotes/hug.gif

letitride - Yes, you are spot on with your assessment! You wait for the close of the 2nd candle, you wait for the 3rd candle to break the previous candle's high and from there you can get into the trade wherever you can get a good price. As feb has noted, he checks the 4hr to try and get a discount when the opportunity presents itself. The 4hr is the key for that

* edited - Trader_V's method is to breakout first of the previous swing's high, so it all depends on which method suits your fancy. Trader_V can give you more info on that when he gets back here.

--- 帖子 #333 ---
Here is a Fractal indicator that shows the Fractals on different time frames if anybody wants it.

Cheers.

Leigh.

--- 帖子 #334 ---
Thank you Big brother.

So looking at attached daily chart, the price actions in light red shadows have double bottoms and V forms. But for price movement in light green shadow, perhaps the market gave us a big discount just in one day already!

Maybe we can expect E/U will go the way like the one in green shadow? Quite interesting reading the price behavior (pattern/movement/actions).

Cheers.

--- 帖子 #335 ---
We have another "Leigh"!! Cool!!

I guess you guys better call me "leighsww" so as not to mix us up in case we don't know which one of us you're talking to, lol

Welcome, Leigh!!

--- 帖子 #336 ---
Yes although from time to time I am getting some complaints from my workmates.

--- 帖子 #337 ---
You know I am getting a lot out of this thread .....just thinking more about intermarket plays ...thinking a bit outside the box.

Everyone in this thread is so nice and polite...boy this makes a refreshing change and thanks to Feb it is conducted in a very professional manner.

I know Letitride that you could not post a smaller chart but the charts have to be 600x600 so it makes the pages easy to scroll and I have to ask you to repost it or else I will have to remove it ( or one of the other mods will)...sorry

Cheers

Antra

--- 帖子 #338 ---
I believe what feb might be referring to as a discount is within the daily candlestick getting a better price, maybe?

For instance, within the 4hr, you might see a small little retracement and that's where he may pick his price, yet it's not affecting any type of retracement in the Daily chart because it's only making a difference in the 3rd candlestick that we want to get in at.

For instance, I'm thinking he might want to get a price, let's say at 1.4640 rather than 1.4660

This is how I was interpreting his meaning of getting a discount. I could be wrong. We will know when he wakes up and has his morning coffee, lol.

I sure hope so!! Wouldn't that be great if we can all make some pips together?

--- 帖子 #339 ---
I am having trouble getting the file...anyone else?

( or is it just me?)

--- 帖子 #340 ---
LOL!

Wha?!! You mean my whips haven't been affecting anybody?!! Sheesh, I work so hard at my maiming and torture http://leighswishingwell.com/lp/emotes/crying.gif

Yes, we have a WONDERFUL leader/facilitator/teacher/guru/wino (errr, scratch that last one, that accidentally slipped out) to mentor us by

Join in more often and share with us some of your wisdom, plus we need more ladies active in here!!!  (okay, you I can give touchy-feely hugs to, since you're a fellow estrogenian, lol)

--- 帖子 #341 ---
I do not use MT4, but I tried downloading the file and had no problem. I was also able to open it in my text editor.

When you clicked on the file, did you get a popup?

--- 帖子 #342 ---
I would send it to you but FF will not me do it for some reason.

Maybe someone else will do it for you.

Leigh.

--- 帖子 #343 ---
FF has been really weird with attachments since the server upgrade on the weekend...I will PM you Leigh. Thanks.

Yes...I noticed Mr Feb likes a splash of the Merlot....I hope it was a good Aussie one..

I am keeping a keen eye on this thread but certainly can add no wisdom...I need to go to rehab with my ADX dependency.....

and to you Leighsww!!!!

lol

--- 帖子 #344 ---
You may upload many times and check from preview if it is there as Leighswww has said. Your cat has clothes on her body.  More beautiful than mine.

--- 帖子 #345 ---
Well, you know Antra, once you take it all off, it's totally liberating and even clears up your sinuses.

Okay, boys, I think we need some striptease music for Antra, as she cannot seem to do it a cappella

Oh gawd, feb is gonna boot me out of his thread soon, lol.

He shouldn't sleep, lest he wants his thread to run amok!

Okay, I am going to bed soon, so I think everyone will be safe until I wake up.

G'night all (although, some of you might just be getting up, lol). We shall have a good trading day tomorrow (or as soon as those dang candlesticks get into their proper V-Formation)!!!

--- 帖子 #346 ---
Letitride -

In the future, DO NOT use the "insert image" for posting your charts. You want to use the "attachment" feature, thus you will not have the problem with your chart being too big and run the risk of having it removed.

If you use the "attachment" feature, it will create a thumbnail, and then we can click on it to view the larger size for details.

When you create your post, scroll down further to where it says "Additional Options", click on [ Manage Attachments ] and you upload your file from there.

Follow my instructions that I gave David regarding making sure your image can be previewed before clicking the "Submit Reply" button --> Post #315

--- 帖子 #347 ---
While it definitely is conservative, and can save you from false breakouts, do you find that you lose a lot of the move by waiting for the final candle to close, rather than just play the break?

--- 帖子 #348 ---
I picked up my discounted Yen this morning. Attached are my charts. Take a look at them and see if you can see why and how. I will comment later.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #349 ---
Second chart on a 4h TF

--- 帖子 #350 ---
Good morning everyone

seems like we have some activity  last night - well I am in eastern time so for me is morning time here.

Peace

--- 帖子 #351 ---
Good Morning feb

Excellent thread and method, just finished reading it

--- 帖子 #352 ---
Playin the breakout is valid. I don't do it 'cause I got burned in fractals before.

I know I left some money on the table but I ride the wave all over up/down.

for instance, I am riding e/u since aug 23.  Still on the trade.

I had another bet (long) I think it was on 6/15 don't remember I don't have my journal here.

I had milk the cow several times too. It's complicated. I milk the cow , I left some for the grass to grow more or I add some more fertilizer. It all depends. I move funds from one market to another.

Plenty of people got burned on a fractal on the DJIA between nov 6 and nov 7 2007 I mean, all of those who "mimic" the index vs. any derivates.  I do that but I am always discretionary.

another one bet on 2/6 I believe.

Peace

--- 帖子 #353 ---
Thanks for your help Leigh it's been sorted

--- 帖子 #354 ---
Hey Howard

feel at home here!! plenty of experienced traders to share some knowledge.

Peace

--- 帖子 #355 ---
Thanks a lot, I will be following

--- 帖子 #356 ---
LOL no Merlot is reserved  just for the weekends

Antra, I love Aussie wines!!!!

Ok , here's the deal.

some brokers are set for the bars to change at 00:00 GMT time, I believe that's 9:00 PM. EST If you're really looking to play a fractal, either on the breakout or confirmation, you could miss a move if your broker is set up for bar change at 12:00 midnight. You will have 3 hours of lag.

You could have a V shape formed, let say at 10:00 PM EST already in a 00:00 GMT while in a broker who's setup for a change in midnight, you will see just 1 bar/candle.

I am talking daily bars here.

Peace

--- 帖子 #357 ---
00:00 GMT is now 7pm est due to DST

--- 帖子 #358 ---
Listen guy's I'll be out for some time, I'll probably come back late this afternoon EST time. My ford explorer 2001 got broken for the 4th time and my girlfriend( who's been buggin' me to death to get a new one along with my daughter( I tell you brother, women are not easy, but hey we can't live without them)) finally convinced me to go shop for a new one.  I have an emotional attachment to that truck but I have no choice LOL.

Just a side note I wanted to share

Good luck everyone. I'll see you guys late today

Peace

--- 帖子 #359 ---
Oh yeah  I wasn't sure

Thank a lot. We all should take a note on that.

Welcome to the club!!!  feel yourself at home!!!

Peace

--- 帖子 #360 ---
Wow, Big Brother is Big Brother!

So your girlfriend and your daughter both want you to get a new car? Or your girlfriend wants a new car the same as your daughter's new car? Sorry for my port English.

--- 帖子 #361 ---
Thanks...I love this thread.  I actually went long on E/U on the break of the reversal candle at 1.4630 when the V started forming on the Daily.  This thread along with Jacko's thread is very powerful.  Thanks feb for all you do!

Chris

--- 帖子 #362 ---
The reason as I would see it is the #3 on the 1-2-3 leg is hitting a resistance level from Aug 17.  Entry when the low of the candle that hits the resistance is taken out.

Sound good?

(may I also ask, as a fellow metatrader user, who u use for your datafeed)

--- 帖子 #363 ---
Exactly... in my case, I just accept the risk for the added pips on the moves that I catch early.

Kinda curious if you just took a longer term view there and didn't subscribe to stop placement at the last daily low. Yeah, see, that's how I manage my risk -- I don't put stops at the lows of daily... if anything, I'll put it 20-30 below, or I'll set stops at swings... I'm assuming that's how you played that particular trade...

I've been trading for a few years now and have found really that setting at swings, or trailing based on how much that particular market moves during the day really is the best way to manage my risk...

--- 帖子 #364 ---
I thought I'd post this screenshot in this thread as well as in my journal, because I know that a lot of new traders always ask the proverbial question -- "When do we know the trend has reversed?"

Well first off, in the context of this thread, the trend would be the underlying movement of price on weekly and monthly timeframes.

Sometimes you can plot trendlines on the weekly, watch it get broken, then watch price correct back to the trendline and if it follows back down (as in this example), then you have a high probability of a longer term trend change.

Now... take a look at the screenshot.

In this case, we have a very distinct head and shoulders formation. If you know anything about chart patterns, you'll know that when the neckline breaks (teal line), you get big moves down. So it's ok to say, that if we see this break, get a correction to test the neckline again, and then it continues down, that we're probably heading into a long term range or bearish sentiment.

I hope this helps.

--- 帖子 #365 ---
Thanks. That is great. Could you use some examples tell me your S/L method a little bit further?  My biggest problem is stop loss setting. If I have a good position.The price always kissed my s/l and go further. While I have to buy back with a higher price. So, I widened my S/L, but this time market really turns another way --- if I narrowed S/L, I have less loss/more profit.

Thanks. Cheers.

--- 帖子 #366 ---
Mr Trend,

Which candle are you referring to as to the one closing?

I am interpreting you are meaning the 3rd candle (because earlier posts have confirmed why we have to wait for the 2nd candle to close in order to make sure we enter at the breakout of that 2nd candle), thus it's the 2nd candle that feb is referring to as the closing one.

The 3rd candle (the entry candle) is the one that has to wait to breakout over the 2nd candle's high (or low if downtrend) before it's a signal to buy/sell. So, in essence, the 3rd candle is being played on the breakout, but OF the 2nd candle and NOT the previous Fractal.

I am interpreting feb's post in replying to you as he may be thinking you are referring to a breakout of the previous Fractal, NOT the 2nd candlestick.

I think you both are talking about two different things, lol

The breakout of the 3rd candle exceeding the 2nd candle then possibly  waiting for some pullback on the 4hr to enter at a better discount on the 3rd candle, makes a lot of sense to me when I look at the overall picture and studying closely this method with the charts.

Also, this means that he may enter prior to the breakout of the previous Fractal, so in essence, he might be grabbing more pips before you are even entering if you are waiting to enter after the breakout of the previous Fractal. Please see my attached chart for a case such as this.

feb's entry would be the GREEN arrow (3rd candle, breakout of the 2nd candle's high), while your entry might be the ORANGE arrow (breakout of the previous Fractal).

Was this possibly what you were referring to (thus I have interpreted your post correctly)?

--- 帖子 #367 ---
Ah, okay then

LOL, I was hoping I wasn't gonna have to put the whip to ya, thinking you originally meant entering before the confirmation of the breakout of the 2nd candle, lol :

--- 帖子 #368 ---
Thank you, Mr Trend!!! That was very informative!

It's great to have experienced traders giving their expertise in this thread. Much appreciated! http://leighswishingwell.com/lp/emotes/hug.gif

--- 帖子 #369 ---
I don't want to detract from what feb is telling you guys. But just keep it in the back of your head that there's many valid ways to trade... particularly with MM.

I simply look for swing highs or lows... usually, in the case of what feb is talking about, you will see the V pattern and then enter.. well, you place your stop at the lowest point in the V... that's your swing. I do that with all timeframes.

The theory is that if it breaks that low end, it's gonna keep going.

--- 帖子 #370 ---
Chris -

Just be careful to not incur a situation like what I had described in Post #295

You want to wait for the close of the 2nd candle and enter on the 3rd candle only when it breaks the 2nd candle, because if you enter anywhere prior to that, it could end up being a bad situation (like what is depicted in the scenarios of the post I linked you to).

Read the two subsequent posts after that, as well, as feb confirms that this is the case and why he waits for the close of the 2nd candle and waits for the break.

You may get away with entering early sometimes, but in the long-run, getting confirmation is a much more safer, consistent, profitable method.

--- 帖子 #371 ---
I am thinking along the same lines he is -- but the question was just taking the break or waiting to close. I am aggressive, I take the break... just wanted to see his viewpoint... I know people who do both, so...

All good..

--- 帖子 #372 ---
What it comes down to, and you are correct BTW, but what it comes down to is accepting the risk. If you accept the risk, then that's ok.

At the end of the day, it will often balance out. You will make more pips being aggressive, but may end up less with the fakeouts... while the conservative person will make less pips, but not be faked out as much.

It kinda evens out in the long run. The bad thing for new traders and why I always recommend that they be conservative, is that new traders willl say, "Oh, I'm aggressive", and what they really are is, "Undisciplined", which means your account gets blown.

The key to trading is to get your capital in the market when the probabilities are high and being aggressive on REALLY GOOD setups.

HENCE, why feb likes to play nice, clean, closed breaks... and that's why he says, "Get on the train!"...

It all comes down to accepting risk. If you can't accept the risk, you shouldn't put on the trade.

--- 帖子 #373 ---
LOL, but he takes the break, as well, but of a candle, not of a Fractal, lol.

In my opinion, it does make a difference on clarifying what is being talked about, because to my mind, they are not really both the same and would be confusing to some.

But, it's okay . I was just mainly wanting to make sure you were comparing apples to apples, that's all, only because I did not get that when reading your post.

But, thank you for posting your views/way of thinking http://leighswishingwell.com/lp/emotes/hug.gif, because each share anyone has to offer is bringing value to this thread.

Oh, and I am a major risk taker and very aggressive in most everything in my life  (boy, can my husband, as well as my family and friends, tell ya, lol), however, I also try to weigh out the pros and cons in each situation that I am taking the risk/being aggressive to whether it would be more advantageous to/for me or not ... so the more logical/rational part of my mind takes over when the risk/aggressiveness might prove to be less advantageous in the long-run.

The bottom line for me is ... RESULTS. Nothing else matters if you are not getting positive/profitable results consistently. You can have decades of experience, be smart as a whip, a total optimist, but when the smoke and rainbows clear, the only naked truth, and the real quantifier of all things ... is RESULTS.

My biggest risk taking scenarios was with my business, and I had put in hundreds of thousands of $$ in it throughout my 28 years of running it. I've made bad decisions and loss a lot of money, mostly because of my risk-taking/aggressive behavior, lol, that were not advantageous to me/my business in the long-term, however, I have learned from it and I am moving on.

To me, money is just money, losing it is not going to kill me or ruin my life or my health, because my attitude is ... you can always make it back. So, I do not cry over spilled milk, I let it go and I move on.

But, because of my experiences with my business, I have come to realize that, for me, with this forex business, building gradually and then compounding will bring more advantageous, consistent and longer-term profitable results. Again, this is for me, and this is only my opinion.

I'm sure there are risk-taking, aggressive traders who can show consistent, profitable RESULTS, I don't know, but for most people, being successful and especially consistent in successful results normally comes from minimizing the risks as much as possible.

Anyway, again, these are just my opinions. Like you say, all is good

--- 帖子 #374 ---
Yes, I agree with you here. If you can't accept the risk, then you shouldn't be trading, lol. But, I still hold to the belief, that if you can get more consistent, profitable results with less risk, wouldn't your rational mind say, maybe that should be the way to go?

Actually, I don't see feb's method as actually taking less pips. I think that it has the potential to take a lot of pips, especially with "revolving" lot plays, lol (well, this is my strategy anyway, and I will have to see if it works, lol).

But does it really? How do we know for sure?

Most times, we can't really know if this is truly the case, because we don't really compare the two at the same time. If you can run both methods at the same time, side-by-side, and track your results, then I would say there would be a way to quantify this statement.

You know what would be FUN and a great test, to have a challenge to see which of the two methods would be more consistent and advantageous in the long-run, lol.

Yes, undisciplined is not a good thing. However, it is not prejudiced to only NEW traders, lol. I think there are many undisciplined seasoned traders, as well, don't you?

This I can agree with you, as well. Whether conservative or aggressive, getting into the market at the right time and place helps alot, surely. Now, your interpretation of a really good setup may be different than someone else's depending on your method. For feb's method, the good setup may be waiting for the confirmation to lessen the risk.

I, 100% agree with you on that one!

Again, thank you for sharing your thoughts, opinions and experience with us. Much appreciated! http://leighswishingwell.com/lp/emotes/hug.gif

--- 帖子 #375 ---
I am super-discretionary on my stop placements. I use swings.  It all depends.  The idea is to keep your stops away from the fire but not too far away. Sometimes  I trail them  sometimes I just  let them put.  I check on them every day.

Peace

--- 帖子 #376 ---
I want to add one more thing to my previous post, lol ...

Everyone has to make the decision for themselves how much risk they can afford and what method suits their fancy.

So, if you can afford to be riskier and it's more your method/style to do so, then all the power to you, especially if you are getting the consistent, profitable RESULTS that you are happy with

Okay, that's all I have to say on the subject, lol (I'm sure some are saying, "Thank GAWD!" :, lol)

--- 帖子 #377 ---
Risk has different meanings. I believe is a big word. How to define risk has been a matter of controversy in the past and still today.

I personally define risks

1) capital risk

2) Emotional risk.

3) Market risk

of course there's corporate risk, sector risk etc but that's not applicable here

the first two you can control. The third one is definitely out of control. When I started trading the first one was easy, the second one was a real pain.

Then you become profitable and the biggest risk of all is you.

I put a lot of  weight on risk. I rather be late and take the whole swing.

Guys you need to assess how much risk you're willing to tolerate. If the swing is too high, then just lower your gear. Somebody told me once that there's a broker outhere that allows you to trade by units. I think that's wonderful.

Have a calculator handy for that. You go like "well the swing is 150 ticks( where I should place my stop), then according to my x % of my capital and my risk tolerance (emotional risk) I am willing to risk $$$$$....or ...that's too much I will wait for the next bus.

or G/J is too wild for me, I am going to trade E/U or whatever.

Daily low candles are good just be careful about news, reports etc, on the following day. They can shake you out of position just measure how long it is. If can use a swing even better.

Just remember,  ultimately you're calling the shots. That's why I don't get attached to any market.

I do have problems  letting go of cars...seriously.

Peace

--- 帖子 #378 ---
EXACTLY!

I knew there was a reason I chose you to be my forex Mentor, lol

--- 帖子 #379 ---
Well, this is why I'm not using you as my automobile Mentor, lol :

--- 帖子 #380 ---
So with the current 'V' setup on the EUR/USD are you looking to go long at the close of today's candle or....will you wait until breaks the high of 11/9 or....is this long trade too risky since we are in uncharted territory?

Would like to see commentary from a trade as it happens.

I think I'll like this trading off of the daily's once I learn it.  I'm too busy throughout the day....even if I traded for a living it would be nice to do it on the daily's so that you could have a life.

Scott

--- 帖子 #381 ---
You should stand up and do jumping jacks whenever they complain. I promise they won't bother you with it again.

Clockwork

--- 帖子 #382 ---
Hey clockwork

still looking to kill the kiwi???

I heard a rumor that you made a killing the other day LOL

Peace

--- 帖子 #383 ---
No worries.....I chose to play it safe at the 600-700 level with a trailing stop.  Pulled out 30 pips.  If a trade fails I use anti hedge and let the market pick up the fallen soldier at another point in time.

Chris

--- 帖子 #384 ---
I don't know I remember I saw a V formation but I haven't check the charts today. Maybe I place a bet, milk the cow, or do nothing. Anyway I'll take a look and despite what I do I'll try to give you a hint ok???

Peace

--- 帖子 #385 ---
Yes, because the entire time I have been following/trading Forex, it's been straight to the moon - it's boring me.

Besides, how can one take the Kiwi seriously? I have met several people from there, and they are good at two things.......Rugby, and out-crazying the Aussies, which isn't very easy to do.

As far as the trade - beautiful.....I wasn't there to see it get in OR out. I just checked the computer and the Forex Fairies added the pips. I must have done something honorable or worthy over the last few days, although I am sure it wasn't on purpose.

Clockwork

--- 帖子 #386 ---
Hey chris

anti-hedge is an old school slang.

where did you get it??

--- 帖子 #387 ---
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=27286

the first page of this thread is great!

--- 帖子 #388 ---
I don't like what I see on E/U

I see a failure form 1.4750 area...not good in my opinion. Smells choppy to me. I still have to cross analyze.

I got a funny feeling Uncle Ben was speaking today. Can anybody confirm this?? He has an unique way to screw the markets , The markets need greenspan back !!!!!!

for now I'll sit on my hands. I don't have a reason to trade not to even milk the cow

Peace

--- 帖子 #389 ---
Heh. Was thinking the same thing. I wouldn't trade EU right now for anything.

--- 帖子 #390 ---
LOL, you would have to anyway, based on the criteria hasn't been met yet :, right, my honorable mentor?

This is my humble opinion, but I don't see how any of us, not even our guru here, can make a decision to do anything until the previous candle has its high broken, right?

Am I missing something with having had all this talk about the V-Formation and where it's safe to get in? lol.

I mean, isn't that the criteria/rules of this current feb's method? (I say current, just in case it ever changes in the future, lol)

Now once the previous high's candle has been broken, then there might be some strategies as to where on the current daily bar to get in at ... whether to wait for the 4hr to give us a better, discounted price, or if it doesn't look like it's going to give us that, thus to enter at the best price we can get.

But until then, how can anybody predict the future of where this candlestick is going? lol

Is this not what we've been talking about?

* edited - btw, Scooter, this is in no way at all directed to your particular post http://leighswishingwell.com/lp/emotes/hug.gif, lol, these are probably rhetorical questions of mine ... I just want to make sure I'm understanding this method and all, myself, lol

--- 帖子 #391 ---
I think all markets are getting a hit due this sub-prime crisis. This is the time when I have one ear on the ground.

Smells like something happened at the bank sector today. I need to find out.

Peace

--- 帖子 #392 ---
He did speak....another reason why I trailed my long today.  I was up 95 pips until he hit the scene.  Stopped out with 30.  I too will sit out EU until the picture is a little more clear

--- 帖子 #393 ---
yeah I know but there's some people who want to play the breakout and I have to be attentive to their needs you know?? I mean it's valid I am just saying what I would do...nothing LOL

well, it's good to have an idea but the truth  is that, after you place a trade, market risk is unavoidable. This why you must put your stops in a sensible place

You just try to make an educated guess based on market conditions.

Peace

--- 帖子 #394 ---
I think I'm just going to sit on my hands for a long time......no matter what I do the market goes the opposite way.....

--- 帖子 #395 ---
mmm

what criteria are you using for trading???

Peace

--- 帖子 #396 ---
Scooter,

That is not a solution, my dear http://leighswishingwell.com/lp/emotes/console.gif

I think confusion has set in, lol. This is why, you follow a "make sense" kind of method and follow it diligently.

Where confusion sets in, is when you start trying to mess with the rules/criteria. It's when we deviate from what's working that screws us up.

This is such a simple, practically mechanical type of method. There shouldn't be any confusion about it.

I have studied the charts using feb's method, and more times out of any, following the rules/criteria, had most of the trades going the right way.

Of course, there are always exceptions to the rule, but that's true for everything in life, but you put the odds in your favor when you follow the rules to trading more consistently.

I can't emphasize that word enough ... consistency!

A person can make a million $ once, twice even, but if they lose it all time-and-again, then what the heck good is that? That's not successful.

Success is when you can "keep" those profits and build it. "Making it" is not a sign of success, because many people can do that, but it's keeping and building wealth, that many have a harder time doing.

I've played BlackJack in the past (not professionally, but at Vegas on vacation) and although I never studied counting cards, I studied strategies that put the odds in my favor. Every time I stuck to the rules (like hitting, standing, doubling up, etc. depending on what the dealer is showing), more times out of any, I came off that table with profits. LOL, where I gave a chunck of it back, was tipping, haha (but that's okay, you gotta give to receive).

Strategies of putting the odds in your favor work! But, where most fail, is lacking the discipline enough to stick to them!

Okay, you guys can do whatever you want, lol, but I have made a commitment to myself and I am going to stick to that commitment. I will play this method by the book (like I played BJ).

Will I lose some trades, sure, of course I will ... will I win some trades, you betcha! I feel, however, I will win more than lose if I keep to the rules of the method/strategy.

Again, I am looking for consistent, not confusing or difficult! feb's method is just that!

Yes, it may be slow going in the beginning, but anybody who knows what compounding is, knows that slow in the beginning doesn't mean slow in the future, lol.

I'm not looking at the short-term, I'm looking at the bigger picture for the long-term! Heck some of you are younger than me, so you have even more ahead to look forward to, but whatever life I have left, I am going to approach it wisely, lol.

Anyway, I wish all of you much success and best wishes in your trading! http://leighswishingwell.com/lp/emotes/hug.gif

--- 帖子 #397 ---
For anybody interested ...

Here's EUR/USD with Fractals.

If a higher low on the 4hr develops at some point in time, then that could be a very good sign.

However, I will still wait for the break of the previous candle on the Daily before making any decisions on this currency pair

--- 帖子 #398 ---
I think that's a nice observation Leighs!!!!!

we still need to see what happens next

A ot of scared money as a "monkey in a suit " talking about the e-trade crumble (like I care, I don't give a pit about e-trade).  But you know, that makes a heavy load.

The other monkey ..uncle Ben,  also talking today...oh boy a lethal dose of stupidity to the markets.  here we go...bombs away!!!!!

My friends take note, this is a classic. The soap opera of those who sell hard into the close most of them for a loss...and the sharks saying "come to papa!!!! a neverending story.

Yes, that includes E/U and some others, I haven't look other charts...I bet the cable went down as well HA!!! ..

Don't let this situations fool you. You know what you're looking for. Stay focus. Play smart. Be strong (not army strong...that's too strong LOL)

Just a little rant, I apologize for any inconvenience. It amuses me how irrational the markets are.

O yeah we should wait...I am with you sister!!!!!

P.D I need a big favor maybe Mr Trend could help me out.

I am having problems with my charts tonight. Could anybody tell the the open interest for S&P as today??? Thanks in advance

Peace

--- 帖子 #399 ---
Nevermind

I finally got the charts up. Seems like a server problems

Peace

--- 帖子 #400 ---
Reading through this thread I see the mention of the V formation (123, ABC and variations thereof) as entry criteria for trend friendly trades. I know you guys pride yourselves on trading "naked charts" but thought that I would pass along a very simple swing trader's trick that has been around since day one in the pit and is pretty close to giving you a naked chart. It seems to match up quite nicely with the above mentioned formations. It consists of a 10EMA of the highs and an 8EMA of the lows. Heads up when price is between the EMA's. Trade could possibly be taken on a close of the bar above(below) the 10EMA. Who said trading has to be difficult? LOL.

--- 帖子 #401 ---
fxhermit -

Thank you so much for your concern for our welfare and for sharing your system http://leighswishingwell.com/lp/emotes/hug.gif

I've hopped around from thread to thread here for 8 months trying the various strategies/methods, and I was actually using an EMA channel type method just before converting to this thread's/feb's method, lol.

But I think for me, I like this thread/method the best.

And it's not "priding" myself with being able to trade with a naked chart, it's just ... well, I have been enjoying and benefitting from this thread so much, that this is where I choose to make my home.

I've taken off the EMA channel bikini so that I can get a really good all around tan, and I'm loving it and soaking up the sun and Vitamin C. This is why I choose to stay naked and in this thread, lol.

Again, your concerns for our welfare and offer to help are truly appreciated, but I hope you can understand and respect that if those of us in this thread wanted an EMA system, we'd be in that thread right now

I know with not being able to hear tone-of-voice, words can be taken as not how intended. Please know that I am saying this with the most caring and respectful intentions at heart http://leighswishingwell.com/lp/emotes/hug.gif

I'm glad that the EMA channel method is working for you! Much success to you and your trading!

P.S. Please everyone coming into this thread ... the Faciliator ( feb2865 ) has requested that we stick to the topic of PA using naked charts as much as possible. We humbly request that you please respect his wishes. Thank you sooo much! http://leighswishingwell.com/lp/emotes/hug.gif

--- 帖子 #402 ---
O.K. no problem and no offence taken - just making an observation. Glad you have something that works for you.

--- 帖子 #403 ---
Well I didn't quite say that it's working for me yet :, lol, cuz I'm just starting out with this method and have yet to catch a dang bus, lol ... but I have faith in the logic, rationality, simplicity and overall feel to it, and if I am diligent with sticking to the rules and following the method with discipline, I'm pretty confident that I will have some degree of success with it

Thank you for your understanding. It's very much appreciated

Please stay with us and whatever other input you may have pertaining to this topic, we welcome wholeheartedly!

--- 帖子 #404 ---
What happened to the E/U tonight? It has a huge gap!!!

I am in it long since last night, taking a bounce from a support that was formed during the past two days, that last week used to be a resistance line. So I am not complaining, but.....what happened?????

--- 帖子 #405 ---
Guys

I believe the long wick today (daily charts) has been nothing more than a distraction. A move factored from the stock market. I am talking E/U here.

DJIA (Dow jones Industrial) had a down candle(today) but if you look closely is not a big deal. I am still looking at 1300 area. If we fall bellow that, it's going to drag  almost everyone into a deep correction. I still see a double bottom.

This short candle makes me think that the market had all intentions to go up but it went into a frenzy selling probably fueled by the monkeys in the suit. Kinda similar to E/U but position were different.

My advice is to be on the lookout for the dow. I don't want for you guys to trade jumpy Relax. Take your time. We're not scalping here ok??

Just giving you what I look in order to stack odds in my favor, whenever I decide to pull the trigger

Peace.

--- 帖子 #406 ---
alcastro, I don't see a gap, you see a gap? Show us your chart.

Here's what I'm showing at the moment:

--- 帖子 #407 ---
Here is a summary of where i am right now with the pairs i am trading:

US/JP: I went long yesterday after a bullish engulfing bar was formed when price bounced from an old support line two days ago. I entered as soon as price went over this bar. I am positive but everything can change tonight. A FEB fractal entry has not been confirmed yet since the third candle has not gone past the high of the previous candle. But as i said i went long with the engulfing candle.

EU/US: As I said i went long last night. A bounce from support. NOt very FEB, but.....

GB/US: I went long last night after the bounce from support, but nothing else tolde me that it was right to do so...no candle formation, no FEB rules....and I paid the price. Got stopped!!!!!

AU/US: Went long for the same stupid reason as I went long with the cable, and paid for it also because my trailing stop got hit. Even thouigh the trade is still valid. But I am sitting on my hands until i see a FEB confirmation.

So still naked. Making some stupid decisions, and the good ones may be flukes. Ahhhhhhh......why am i so insecure?????

--- 帖子 #408 ---
Leigh,

here is the chart with the gap.The previous bar closed at 1.4602 and the next one opened at 1.4645.

--- 帖子 #409 ---
Actually I made a mistake in my last post. I apologize for any inconvenience.

The only crossover I could see is the selling pressure, but anyway that reinforces my theory about the significance( a no big deal) of the down move on e/u today.

Just remember that I am not a fortune teller, Theses are my own biased "old dog" observations.

Here is the chart

Peace

--- 帖子 #410 ---
LOL, you rebel you!! Get your butt back to the rules!! http://leighswishingwell.com/lp/emotes/whip.gif

Read my post regarding BlackJack, alcastro, lol! :

--- 帖子 #411 ---
WoW, as you can see, I don't show that at all on my charts.

--- 帖子 #412 ---
sounds like a data glitch to me!!!!

--- 帖子 #413 ---
Oh hey, you guys, isn't a gap to the upside mean a strong upward movement?

Okay, I'm just learning still this PA stuff, but I can swear that that's a good sign of a strong upward movement.

I think I read it in the book my hubby bought me, "Technical Analysis for Dummies", lol, okay no making fun (it's by Barbara Rockefeller)! :

Hang on, let me go find that stuff about a gap, lol.

LOL, but since I don't have one on my charts, does that mean I won't qualify? (okay, anybody thinking that I'm serious about that sentence, please note now, that I have a really inane sense of humor, so I did NOT really mean that seriously!!

--- 帖子 #414 ---
Ah, so you don't have that on your chart either then, feb?

--- 帖子 #415 ---
I don't , It all depends on the feed. I am trading on currency futures and I am sure my feed is different.

Peace

--- 帖子 #416 ---
Hmmmm....my feed is NorthFinance.

But anywhoooo, as my chart clearly illustrates I didn't follow FeB's entry. i should have waited until the next candle, and only jump in if it breaks the current candle's high. I guess i still have some vices that i have to get rid off...like jumping too early in a trade because i am afraid of jumping too late if i wait. But then, if i win I consider myself lucky - not skilled- and if i lose I consider myself stupid for not following the rules. So unless i follow a strict set of rules I will always be in this loss-loss situation.

I am going to follow Feb's rules to the letter because: 1- they make sense to me, 2- If I follow them then when i win I will win because i have a discipline and a method, and 3- If I lose it will be a fluke.

Now if after some time of following these rules they don't work, I will start trading based on the horoscope, because i won't know what else to do!!!! PA is the only thing that makes sense to me!!! (did I say that before?)

So FEB it is up to you: shall i start reading the horoscope? Lol...just kidding. I am following you not because you are the Big Brother or the super guru, but because you and me and many in here share the same point of view: things have to make sense.

--- 帖子 #417 ---
Okay, I'm browsing through that book, and that's not really what it says specifically about gaps, lol.

There's a lot about it (actually, there's a ton of various stuff they say about it and what they mean if x and y, etc. happens), so it'll take me awhile to read through that chapter, lol. I'm sure somebody here knows the significance of gaps and will be faster to respond than my reading that chapter, lol.

For me, I'm not going to worry about it, it's still not going to determine my entry, because I'm still only looking to meet the feb method criteria

--- 帖子 #418 ---
ROTF!!!

If I were drinking my water right now, I would have splattered it all over my monitor!!!

* edited - I at first bolded where I thought was funny, but when I went back to read it, the whole dang paragraph was a riot, lol

--- 帖子 #419 ---
I hear you AL

I just bring experience to the table . That's it

I was a pit clerk back in 1981,  16 years old. Traders were using flow charts to draw bollinger bands back then.

Now I am considering retirement. I would like to start a career as a professional gambler. Black Jack.

LOL I am teasing you leighs

Peace

--- 帖子 #420 ---
Well, heck if we all go bust following your method, then we shall all be heading for the BJ table, lol :

Or, we may be profitable starting up a psychic center and charge forex traders for horoscope readings!! lol

--- 帖子 #421 ---
LOL

well I have to go

see you all guys in the morning

Leighs, thanks so much to bring this sense of humor. We all need it believe me.

Peace

--- 帖子 #422 ---
Hmmm.....ya...no gap on my metatrader chart.  Good point on how certain feeds can lead you astray.  On one feed I see a "V" and on another I don't.

In regards to gaps..I have always been told and have seen that "gaps" love to be filled more time than not.  To the upside...would mean a reversal to fill in the blanks.

alcastro..I thought you wrote you were trading naked?  Your posted chart is lite up like a Christmas tree

--- 帖子 #423 ---
Hello FEB2865 and all, just wanted to congratulate your for starting this great thread. Trading naked charts is really the way to go I think. I do really like your style of teaching. This is straight to the point with a very sincere desire to help.

Your posts are so helpful and really happy to have found this thread.

It is true that trading naked charts is not easy in the beginning and can take a long time to master, but I do agree that the final result will be very rewarding for the patient and disciplined trader.

I am trading forex since 2 years and still not consistently profitable and already have blown 2 accounts (fortunately mini-accounts) when learning and trading with indicators, it doesn't really helped me that much after all. Only the thread of Phillip of 4H MACD has really help me in some extent to see the motion of the market and recognize S/R. In fact, it is the thread of Phillip who has push me to look for this kind of thread about naked chart trading.

Will definitely follow this thread with great interest.

Thank again to share your great knowledge with us FEB2865.

Sincerely

Shreem

--- 帖子 #424 ---
Ah, thank you for the info

ACK! I was so busy only concentrating on his gap, that I didn't even notice that!

alcastro has been BUSTED, lol!! :

--- 帖子 #425 ---
Welcome, shreem!!

--- 帖子 #426 ---
Good morning. You may have only one entry in one week by Big Brother's method. I checked E/U daily chart. So there might be only 6 entries since then.  Life would be easy.

I opened my E/U long position on Tuesday. I hold half of them until now. Wish I could hold them for weeks.

Maybe we will see E/U at 1.5 (just my guess) since US economic data would not be good.

So, leigh, you would open long if E/U breaks out 1.4723 (yesterday's high)?

--- 帖子 #427 ---
Hello Leighsww, thank for the welcome. Very happy to become part of this great thread. A big thank to all contributors of this thread who help us to become better traders.

Sincerely

Shreem

--- 帖子 #428 ---
I am not leigh..as you can see.....however here is my 1cent on your question.....

Since that would be a breakout above a resistance level......using the 1-2-3 entry method may be something to look at simply because it would be a test of a support line (after the break above) and a new high...and if held...would break the #2 level leading to a more conservative entry.

That said....the "V" formation would also work but for me...I would wait for the bottom of the "V" to take place above the breakout and ignore the current one.

Hope that makes sense.

...oh...I went long on tuesday as well. A little premature as I jumped the gun before the full closing of the bar and can see it had some selling pressure.....not showing strength to the upside. But...that inside bar forming may be a good sign...or not....who knows.

Well...I don't see any V forming on forex dailies right now so going to track down a few 123 for practice

--- 帖子 #429 ---
16 in 1981 makes you young to retire?

--- 帖子 #430 ---
I might not open exactly when it breaks the 1.4725 (my feed's previous candle's high), but will check the 4hr to see if there are any signs of a possible small retracement for a discount. The Fractals should give me a little hint about that. If I don't see that one might occur, then I might have to jump in at the best price at the time.

Unfortunately, if I can't get a better price/discount, the SL would have to be approx. 150 pips away from entry (the previous day's low), and that would be a little more than I wanted to risk on a SL per pair (I was hoping for not more than 100 pips), so I would either have to do only 1 lot (with half going toward the 50+ pip revolving TP) instead of my normal 2 lots on the opening position.

I might also look to see if there are any other currency pairs first that would have a better SL positioning and meeting the criteria of feb's method. We'll have to see.

I am going to quantify the results of feb's method by following it by the book. That is the only way we are going to know if feb's method is consistent and profitable.

I will be the guinea pig, if I must, lol, since I am not going to be deviating from the rules.

I have a journal, so I am going to post my results there, so as not to mess up this thread with my personal data. I'll report status here once-in-awhile, or you can check the journal yourself every-so-often.

Those of you who are posting here, you don't need to post to my journal unless you need to ask me a question or something, lol. I'd rather keep us posting here for most of the discussions pertaining to PA and this thread. This thread will be more widely read anyway, so whatever you guys have to share will be more useful to others here

--- 帖子 #431 ---
One more thing ...

Yes, I do see that there is a resistance level coming up at the 1.4738 if I put a pivot calculator on my charts (okay, it's just some temporary sunscreen, so don't panic, I've washed it back off , but again, my goal is to quantify the consistency of just trading mechanically with this method, so I'm not going to worry about that right now.

Maybe I better put .5 lot on this one for our forex laboratory testing, lol.

Anyway, the way things have been going, I'm thinking that it might even retrace further down and not even break through the high. This bus may be having a flat tire at the moment thus making us wait even further.

--- 帖子 #432 ---
Sorry, Mr Trend, but my charts don't yet show the 3rd candlestick (which would be the current one) as having broken the 2nd one's high, so I'm still within following his rules

Are you sure you are understanding his method? You might have skimmed over my posts, because many of my examples have mentioned time-and-time again which is the right candle to enter and what criteria we have to wait for. Please go back and read over as it then may be more clear why I haven't yet entered. Thank you

Nope, my musings had nothing to do with those. I have my reasons, or maybe I'm just guessing, or maybe I'm just making a joke about the flat tire, lol. You need to lighten up, Mr Trend, cuz in this thread we have sense of humors, so we do joke once in a while

But I am following it. As I said, my charts haven't shown the break of the 2nd candlestick yet. My current candlestick's highest price so far has been 1.4704 (the high of the 2nd candlestick on my chart is 1.4725). What is your current candlestick showing as the highest price reached so far?

To be honest, you might need to read our posts more thoroughly and carefully, before scolding us. I really did try to explain to you earlier that it's the close of the 2nd candle and the break of its high by the current candle that is the correct entry. I have not deviated from feb's method. Really I haven't, lol.

Please go back and double-check for yourself. I gave you many references to the posts in question. Thanks!

--- 帖子 #433 ---
I thought that might be a possibility. But I figured I'd wait for your response.

I thought feb is entering on the open of the third bar. But I guess it's the close.

Feb needs to go back to his example that you linked to and point the arrow in a way that doesn't look like he's pointing to the close and explicitly state "open of <whatever> bar"

Whatever. I'm on crack I guess. Sorry for the confusion.

But you still need to follow your plan damnit... ROFL...

--- 帖子 #434 ---
I am doing a testing regarding trading it mechanically, because I want to quantify the results to see if someone following his simple, uncomplicated rules diligently and with discipline can have consistent and profitable results without the need for too many other complicating factors. That's all.

I understand that there's more to it then doing things mechanically, but I will talk about that in my next post. I was already preparing that one before your rant, lol, but you kinda posted before I got to post it, lol

LOL, but I am, but okay, whatever you say, lol.

LOL, well get off the crack, cuz most of us understood it just fine :

--- 帖子 #435 ---
Is there like a gong that we can hit whenever you still get the dang rules wrong, lol :

You are too cute, Mr Trend. For all your silliness, I am beginning to like you, lol.

--- 帖子 #436 ---
Yeah... my coworkers call it the "stick"... it hurts. trust me.

Oh don't worry... there's more silliness to come...

--- 帖子 #437 ---
Haha, this the post I was going to post, before Mr Trend had a hissy fit, lol (I luvs you, Mr Trend, so I'm just teasin' ya

--------

Okay, for the fun of it, here's something that I have been wondering about as I'm studing these charts and learning more about PA ...

Can we further put the odds in our favor by reading the actual candlestick pattern (like doji star, hammer, harami, etc.)? I would imagine the answer is "yes".

So, let's talk about this for a minute ...

I'm going to analogize BlackJack, because they parallel quite nicely actually, lol.

Now, with BJ, as I mentioned, there are specific rules/strategies that you follow in order to put the odds in your favor. For instance ...

If you have two aces, you alway split (no matter what the dealer is showing)

If you have 20, you always stand

If you have 17, you always stand

If you have 14, and the dealer is showing 9, you always hit.

If you have 10 and the dealer is showing a 4, you double-down

And so on and so forth ...

This is mechanical, you don't even question it, you always do what the rules/strategy says when you are holding certain cards and the dealer is showing a certain card. Maybe that's why when my indicators said jump, I jumped with no question, lol. I have been too Pavlovian trained with BJ. But isn't that what your indicators are for? When they give a signal, you follow it? Otherwise, what the heck good is having those indicators then?

So, anyway, now I am thinking that the above would be similar to feb's method at the bare level, where we don't question the V-Formation and the breakout of the previous candle. This is all mechanical.

However, let's throw this around for a bit ...

In BJ, you can further put the odds in your favor by counting cards. This is not illegal, but the casinos will ban you should they know you do this. Why? Because it puts the odds so far out of their favor that they will most always lose to the BJ player. This is why casinos now use 4 decks, so that it hinders card counters.

Anyway, my point is ... in forex and PA, reading candlesticks might in the same way as counting cards, put the odds even further in your favor.

I guess that this would be a more advanced level, like beginners in BJ normally don't start out counting cards, lol.

This may be the next step for us, eh? (once we advance from beginners to intermediate)

Anyway, for those who just don't wanna fuss with making things too complicated, then I guess they would just stick with the bare-bones level, mechanical method/strategy.

Or maybe feb will scold me for posting this and say, don't complicate things!! lol.

--- 帖子 #438 ---
I wouldn't want it any other way

Just be glad I didn't put my http://leighswishingwell.com/lp/emotes/whip.gif to ya!! But, knowing you, you might start actually liking it http://leighswishingwell.com/lp/emotes/crying.gif(lol, my other forum were masochists, too, so you'd be in good company. Those guys/gals over there were a riot, they had inane sense of humors like me, lol! )

--- 帖子 #439 ---
In one and half hour, if E/U price closes below 1.3437. A 1-2-3 going down pattern formed on 4H chart. So becareful.

If in two or three days, EU daily price closes below 1.4520, well, a double top will be formed. If that happened, a down trend/big correction will come?

Comments. Please.

--- 帖子 #440 ---
Hee Feb2865,

Thanks for your answer in post nr. 297.

Did you take trades in indexes also after 16th august and if so when did you take them?

Can you post some charts with exits and entries (even if they are taken on gold or an index). It would help a lot for me (and maybe for others here) to get a good understanding of taking the right trades at the right time.

You say that you sometimes go to 4 H chart to get a discount, but after the previous high is taken on the daily there is an entry, right. So you're taking a risk when you go down to the 4H to see if you can get a better entry because price can move away from you?

Hope you have time to answer since this becoming a popular thread.

--- 帖子 #441 ---
Hey Greenpips

I trade all that I see "green" if time permits of course.

A discount yes I always try But all depends on how fast the market is moving. You don't have to get a discount if you don't want to.

If you look closely on real time , many times when the high/low of the day is taken, there's plenty of time to get the discount in price. I mean, you have 4 hours. Also the high/low of the day , more often than not you're going to notice a "fastmarket" once the market reach theses levels. There's a retrace like a small pullback and then a continuation. Culd be a small correction I don't know. You can't see that on hindsight.

Many sharks are positioned in these levels to trigger stops. Not only at pivot points or S/R lines as some believe. Hence the fast move. I wait for the smoke to clear and try to get the price at discount.

But don't make this a hard and fast rule. getting on the bus should be your priority.

Peace

--- 帖子 #442 ---
Shreem,

Welcome to the thread!  We are happy to have you here.  Feb is an extremely knowledgable trader and offers much of that to folks who have found a safe haven for honesty within this thread.

I have added my thoughts on blue to some of the things you mentioned.

Ok you can clearly see I have had my first cup of coffee already   (signaling to the server for a second cup)

Good Morning Feb's Thread!!!

Trader_V

--- 帖子 #443 ---
You folks have got to stop posting in the middle of the night...lol

Just kidding I am so glad you folks are sticking with this and helping out the new folks who are coming in and assisting them with understanding.

Folks like Leigh, Mr Trend, Clock, Green David, Antra, Ownshook and those others whose names I did not mention.

Sometimes hearing the same ideas but presented differently by someone else or asking some great questions really assists othes with gaining a better undestanding.

I think this is where Feb and I create a bit of synergy in this thread.

I need more coffee where's that darn server...lol

--- 帖子 #444 ---
Morning Trader V (actually its midnight for me in Australia)

I've been greatly anticipating you analysis on the trade you took on the US/JPY. When you have time I was hoping you could break it down for us.

I noticed the level of support price hit in the retracement, then it reversed and continued  in the direction of the major trend.  Did you place your stop just above the level of support? How do you determine your profit target(s)? Do you look for a reversal pattern or is it predetermined?

Thanks in advance for your reply

Great words of wisdom all around this thread thanks again to all for sharing. .

--- 帖子 #445 ---
Dear Big Brother Feb and Second Big Brother Trader_V:

Good morning to both of you.

Trader_V has wrote a very nice comment to Shreem in post #443. I read all most the same opinions in the the same month last year. Well, now I understand. If I understood one year ago. I won't lose so much. Trading several hundred $, and use leverage more than 100 is gambling to me.

No any comments regarding my post #440?

It seems that US Dollars getting strength. Look at USD/CAD, a 7% increase from 0.91! and GBP, AUD, NZD. It seems that all non-USD(except JPY), have tops all ready.

So, in my chart posted in #440, if E/U closes below 1.4600 lower than the close of yesterday. Wouldn't E/U seem bearish? My short position of E/U which has 10 green pips is telling me, I may be right, at least temporary?

Cheers.

--- 帖子 #446 ---
Guys Please ...time out ok????

Listen, I have been reading some of your  recent post.

My humble suggestion is not to over-complicate things. Make trading an simple task (I didn't say easy ok??)

You know what to do. I mean, you made your analysis, Markets conditions are favorable,  you see the pattern either you play the breakout or wait for the confirmation, you have to press that little sign on your screen  that says "execute" order" trade" I don't know. Your job is to get in...and of course make sure your ass is covered.

I am trying to expand your vision on the markets.

I am going to list the things that I do .I sincerely hope I don't miss anything  I haven't got my morning coffee yet and my girlfriend is bugging me big time( yes another dose of car shopping today)

1) I check the indices - I put a lot of attention on DJIA  why?? because I copycat the big dogs - all of them check the DJIA to look for intermarket relationship.  When you get the hang of it. makes a lot of sense.I also check Crude oil/gold to see if they are putting some weight on the indices but that's secondary.

Like for instance, yesterday 11/14/2007 we had a hard sell into close. But I notice that  crude oil rebounded. That could lead to a follow up on the indices.

The idea is to look for clues. I mean, following a pattern is important of course, But I don't want to trade blindly. I want to know what's going on. I don't want to get caught up with my pants down!!!!!

A side not about the Dow Jones - I think is the most unrealistic representation of the USA economy, I mean...common' how come you're gonna put intel and ibm on the same index having only 30 stocks to watch???that's stupid.

But I have to follow the rules and the big dogs are watching it.

2) Check what reports are in for tomorrow -

I am not "jumpy " for news, reports etc. I don't trade them. I don't have to

But if happens that you got everything line up for a trade, and the next day you have, for instance,  Uncle Ben speaking (and I bet it will screw the markets I mean that's his specialty don't you think?) or the interest rate, etc, well you need to make sure where you put your stops.

Just be aware of the extra-volatility so you don't get stopped out so easy.

3) Check the patterns - what do you see??. Is there a fractal??

4) if there's a V formation, once my third candle has broken the higher high/lower low, then I zoom in to 4hr charts. I am looking for speed/retrace etc. How fast is retracing???  Do I have time to get a good price??

5) If I an looking for a discount price, I set an alarm (starring at the charts for too long gives me headache , seriously) but I also set an alarm at the point where the 3rd candle broke the pattern. Sometimes you can't get the discount and the market is coming back to that point. I tell you, I won't miss the buss.

6) I don't wait for the third candle to close... I mean, I have to get in somehow. Maybe I didn't explain myself clear so I apologize.

Once the high/low is broken I do my play

Once I have all ducks aligned, I pull the trigger, set my stops, (I also put an alarm where the stop is) I close my charts and I go do something else ( no I don't like golf)

I hope I haven't miss anything. If I do I am under pressure here (oh women!!!)

see ya guys later

Peace

--- 帖子 #447 ---
That makes for a nice handwritten trade plan to keep by my computer.  Thank you for all the clarifications.

--- 帖子 #448 ---
Hello Trader V, thank you very much for your detailed reply. It is extremely helpful to me and you are correct about all you said, it does apply to me.

I have walk down those paths and 1 account blown was due to the reason you mentionned. No proper MM followed.

However, I do have learned from my mistakes and i am trying very hard to stick to my plan and follow the rule. Biggest problem is maybe I do not really have a clearly enough defined plan.

I do think only the fools dont want to learn from their mistakes. I am certainely not one of them. There is no place in the forex market for "EGO" and so I do accept totally for all my mistakes and i am the one responsible for it.

Your points are very well taken and I do really thank you to share these with me.

I really feel that only by mastering true price action itself will give  me an edge and nothing else.

So, will do my homework and will try to be the most constructive particpant on this thread.

Sincerely

Shreem

--- 帖子 #449 ---
Hi Feb,

if there's a V formation, once my third candle has broken the higher high/lower low, then I zoom in to 4hr charts. I am looking for speed/retrace etc. How fast is retracing??? Do I have time to get a good price??

this is the point I am not clear since the beginning. If it is not too much of a hassle could you please explain. What do we mean by third candle breaking higher or lower? with respect to what.

Thanks much

TradeStar

--- 帖子 #450 ---
In my opinion, EUR/USD is still looking like it can go either way (it might even be developing into a consolidation, who knows) ... my 4hr chart has developed a higher low and a lower high on the Fractals. The higher low's Fractal however, can still change/redraw.

It's still too early to tell or make any decisions one way or the other for me.

For myself, closing at 1.4600 still wouldn't tell me anything (but then again, I don't know how to count cards yet ), because the higher low and lower high is still going to be prevalent on the 4hr. I wouldn't yet consider it going largely bearish until the break of around 1.4520 (the low Fractal on the Daily). Then a double-top would be confirmed, no?

Anyway, that's just my observation when reading my chart.

Here's what my 4hr chart looks like:

--- 帖子 #451 ---
I believe if there is a retracement to 1.4520 area...that would form a double bottom. Not sure where you are seeing a possible double top

I agree that the e/u chart is not saying too much. Could be sideways movement coming up (which would implement Febs consolidation method) but would like to see some bull shadows coming into the play.

Anyhow.....lots of "coulds"...just waiting to see what "is" so there is some clarity. Right now is a coin flip.

TradeStar....what I believe Feb means..in response to your question is one we see the bottom of a correction.....we want to see the next bar (#2) clear the high of correction candle...and the candle after that (#3)..when it clear the high of #2 we start looking for entry. Don't quote me however that is how i understand it to be.

--- 帖子 #452 ---
LOL, yeah before I read your post, I was just looking up the definition of a double-top to make sure I got the correct meaning of it.

Originally, I thought it was any time the price bumped back up/down to around the area of a preceding candle's high/low, but I guess, from the definition, it has to hit it spot on, eh?

I was seeing the double-top at the higher Fractals on the Daily (see chart)

Before I had seen/read your post, I had deleted that sentence (after looking up the definition, haha), but then I saw you had posted, so I put it back, lol. You caught me a little too quick there

--- 帖子 #453 ---
My daily chart begins at 5:00am(GMT+8). I looked into 4H chart. It really means nothing for that day. But 1.4600 is today's lowest and support(you can see from 1h chart more clearly), if price breaks down 1.4600, maybe the price will look for a support at a lower price.

Peace.

--- 帖子 #454 ---
Say feb, can today be that "one day" already?

I'm just really curious how you do this one, since you mention it requires another setup.

Since I'm assuming it's still based on PA, it still goes in grain with this thread, right?

--- 帖子 #455 ---
Yeah this is one of those days anyway,  I have no setup ,.

oh you're talking about a counter trend  move.??

yes is PA but I should save it for another thread I think. It's a whole other setup. I don't want to get everyone confused here.

don't worry sister, the bus will come sooner or later

Meanwhile, let's play a hand, so we can kill some time. LOL

Peace

--- 帖子 #456 ---
LOL, okay

And I wasn't saying I was going to do it :, it would have to, again, make sense for me, lol.

But I'm also not saying that I wouldn't do it :, because if we're talkin' "opportunity" (especially in a really long retracement) then there's times you can take advantage of it as long as you play it wisely and safely

But I understand and totally agree that this thread wouldn't be appropriate.

--- 帖子 #457 ---
hehe...bad timing.  We do agree however that there is nothing setup on the E/U chart in regards to Febs method or the 123 setup.

I gotta tell ya...it is very difficult sitting here and not digging around trying to find a trade where one may not exist.

I will also add that, as Feb mentioned, waiting for the third candle to take out a high at anytime during the trading day is that little extra boost that there is some momentum in the trend direction....which we all love when attempting to profit from trend following.

...jumping the gun yesterday has resulted in a -40 pip outcome.

--- 帖子 #458 ---
Oh I put a trade today !!!!!!

--- 帖子 #459 ---
Seeing some serious 'patience' here. ( not the card game either) tho it might help?

I agree Feb that when or if you start to explain how you play counter trends then another thread would be less confusing for members.

--- 帖子 #460 ---
Do tell....

--- 帖子 #461 ---
oh I am sorry I didn't finish the line

I trade E-mini's ..still waiting on E/U

I apologize

Peace

--- 帖子 #462 ---
lol

You confused me there for a bit ( not difficult)...one minute you were saying you saw no set ups and then a post or so later you were in a trade....all good

--- 帖子 #463 ---
oh boy is that I was distracted and I meant to finish the line instead I put !!!!!!

and no, I am not with Mr. Merlot yet.... LOL

That's for the weekends only

Peace

--- 帖子 #464 ---
I still see a lot of pressure coming from the indices.

I am still watching 1300-1320 area.

Peace

--- 帖子 #465 ---
Interesting note

Cable broke a line of support at 2.05 area

but E/U didn't quite follow.

Also crude was sloppy today.

We had no choice but to sit in our hands and do nothing. Let's see what happens tomorrow.

well,  we can play poker. That would be nice !!!!!

Seriously Leighs,  I am curious about poker

Peace

--- 帖子 #466 ---
Ok I know some of you have been waiting for this and I appologize in taking so long to get it up to you.  I ave been very bisy due to some travel I have coming up here next Tuesday.

You will notice that my entry and reasoning are based solely on price action.  You will also notice that it is not based 100% on a V formation or a 1-2-3 setup.  As you grow as traders you will slowly add other tools to your trading toolbox which is what you will see in my example.  I do nto stray comepletely from the overall idea of a V or 1-2-3 I just watch price and pull the trigger when the time is right.

Had my warning though! Learn one thing first before trying to learn 10 things at once.  If you try to trade 4 different setups while you are in the early stages of your trading career you will have moments of brillance and many more moments of failure.  Once you start racking up the failure you will soon become dicuraged and then start looking for something else that may work for you.

So please please please learn one thing and learn it well.  When you can trade one setup profitably then add another tool to your box.  You will become a much happier trader that way.

Also I nkow you may be reading this and thinking "man if I only learn one setup how the heck am I ever going to get anywhere?"  Let me tell you my friend, you can trade one setup and be wildly profitable and make a comfortable living from just that one thing alone.  So find one that you understand learn it and learn it well.  Understand its neuances and manerisms and you will soon be on your way to making excelent trading decisions.

Sorry Letitride I used your post as a reply but this is for the benefit of everyone.

And again as always Feb if I am off base from what you are trying to show fols here feel free to remove my post  I will not be offended in the least.  you have a great place for folks to come and feel welcome about learning how to trade.

Trader_V

--- 帖子 #467 ---
Well, when you see the letter "M" on a table, the guy sitting opposite side of table sees a letter "W". Right?

--- 帖子 #468 ---
no my friend

It's all good.  the idea is to create synergy between the group. Good call on your trade.

Amen to your post

Peace

--- 帖子 #469 ---
Thank you for this and another post about DJIA index. Gold price broke down 800 for a second time yesterday. The drop is huge, almost 40$!

It is no way to know if the move is a correction or the first leg of bear market?

--- 帖子 #470 ---
I forgot to post e/u charts

check the notes

I am still bullish on E/U

the "market in pause" candle is a reference for 11/15/2007

peace

--- 帖子 #471 ---
I don't know what they see....that is why I needed some clarity from the poster on what they saw. To be more specific....if they meant a double bottom...that could lead nicely with the overall trend of that pair (and Febs bias on the E/U) which suits the method we are discussing. If they really meant a double top....that could mean looking for a retracement or a break out of the resistance. Could also mean if we are going back and forth between a dt and db...we could be heading towards a trading range. Clarity is what I was seeking.....

Thank you for the information Trader V!

--- 帖子 #472 ---
Hi Trader V

No need to apologize mate. We all appreciate your contribution to Feb's great thread. I understand what you are saying, the old cliche "You must learn to crawl before you can walk"  comes to mind when reading your advice.

Now to dissect your charts hehe(I'm a visual learner so although I know reading is necessary, looking at charts makes it sink in that much easier)

thanks again from the other side of the world

--- 帖子 #473 ---
Yes. E/U got support at 1.4610.

Thank you.

--- 帖子 #474 ---
I won't go that far. The trend has been strong for gold. But you never know. A lot of hedgies are parking cash in gold. The moves was a surprise. In my opinion it will take a lot of load to move that trend.  But hey, I can be wrong!! hope not LOL

Peace

--- 帖子 #475 ---
Feb2865...

I am not sure if I missed this however what if you have a failed V formation that misses the break?  To be specific....if a few bars pass and there is no break...do you wait for another V setup or good to go when it breaks regardless of the number of bars?

To take a guess...if the E/U continues going sideways...is that where you implement your consolodation method?

--- 帖子 #476 ---
I know I mentioned that it is possible to trade with a $500.00 account and be profitable and in fact build upon that.

So I want to touch on a couple of points one is my feelings on demo Vs real accounts and the other is how a small real account should really be looked at.

There is debate about the use of demo accounts to learn how to trade. Some say you should never trade a real account until you become profitable with a demo. Others will say demos are worthless just open a real account and be done with it.

Well I am a middle of the road kind of guy here. Let me explain. I do believe that there is value in using a demo account. But I believe that people do not understand how they should use the demo account. So many people start a demo account with 10K, 30K 50K or even 100K. Let me say this. If you are going to trade a demo account with $50,000.00 then you damn well better be prepared to open a real account with the same amount.

Now why would I say that?

For the simple reason that new traders will open an demo account with 50K and then trade it like it was 100K using leverage they never should have been using and placing trades that would make Jack Schwager cringe. They make a couple of lucky trades and think man this is great if I keep this up I can quit my day job in 6 months.

Whooo hold on there partner. This is when they go and open a real account with 200 500 or even 1000 dollars and trade the same exact way. Over leveraged and over exposed. In 2 weeks to 2 months they have blown there account and either get frustrated and throw in the towel or they go looking for the Holy Grail and purchase the hottest trading system on the market that has a 97% accuracy.

They go back open a demo account and repeat the same process over and over again until they are either fed up and just quit the trading game all together or they are lucky enough to find folks like Feb and James16 who are willing to show them the truth about the markets and bring new traders back down to reality.

So I say yes open a demo account but open it with the same starting capital you are looking to open your real account with. And treat it like it was real money using proper Money Management and proper leverage.

So now let me share my thoughts about real accounts. Many folks come to the table with a small trading account and pie in the sky dreams. Please do not get me wrong I encourage you and everyone to dream as big as you can. But just understand you must have a realistic outlook and know that with a small trading account you can still get to those big dreams it’s just going to take a little longer as you build your account.

I have seen many times where a new trader opens an account with $500 and even have a trading plan and sound money management strategies. But where they fall short is they treat the 500 like it is nothing rather than treating like it is their golden key to freedom.

You see they place trades with proper risk, and when a trade goes against them their discipline falls to the wayside with the thinking that the trade will come back in my direction it has to. Then they start to say well it’s only $10 dollars then the 10 turns into 20 and so on and so on. You see what is happening here. They discount the amount of money that is in the market and treat it as know big deal!

The opposite is also true. I have seen traders come to the table with the same money skills and plan and the only difference is they have the discipline to stick to their plan. But because the returns are in small amounts of dollars and cents like a $5.00 wining trade or a $25.00 winning trade or even a $1.50 winning trade they start to treat trading as more of a hobby then a business then they either lose interest and hope or start making bad trading decisions because they feel they are not getting where they are going fast enough.

Here is my remedy for folks with small accounts. Treat it like it is your GOLDEN KEY to FREEDOM. Because it is. Next forget about the dollars and cents until the end of every month. I don’t care how much the trade is worth in actual dollars all I know is I need to end the month with more positive pips then negative pips.

Then at the end of the month review your account balance. If your 500 account has grown to 518 you need to do the math and understand that you made a 3.6% return on your account. Is this huge? You bet your sweet bananas it is. And as your account grows the size of your trades will grow and before you know it you will have a sizable account to trade from for a living. Now this is not to say that you cannot continue to add to your account as you progress to help it grow faster in fact I encourage this once you have gained the experience to pull profits out of the market consistently.

Now taking the previous example let’s assume you only ever make a 3.6% gain on your account and never have a better month or improve your trading skills. At the end of 1 year of trading with a $500 account and making a consistent 3.6% you will have grown your account to $737.78 which is a 47.5% return after a year!!! Go find me a mutual fund hat has that kind of performance. So forget about the dollars and cents and do the math and understand the real effects of what your trading is doing.

Below is what that same account would do after years. I hope you enjoyed this post and were able to take something out of it.

Balance Return

$500.00 $18.00
$518.00 $18.65
$536.65 $19.32
$555.97 $20.01
$575.98 $20.74
$596.72 $21.48
$618.20 $22.26
$640.45 $23.06
$663.51 $23.89
$687.40 $24.75
$712.14 $25.64
$737.78 $26.56
$764.34 $27.52
$791.86 $28.51
$820.36 $29.53
$849.90 $30.60
$880.49 $31.70
$912.19 $32.84
$945.03 $34.02
$979.05 $35.25
$1,014.30 $36.51
$1,050.81 $37.83
$1,088.64 $39.19
$1,127.83 $40.60

May all the best trades go your way.

Trader_V

--- 帖子 #477 ---
I am glad you answered the question from little brother. I observed that, spot gold price  is highly  co-related  with E/U - they reached top and bottom almost at the same date for a mid-term trend(one to 4 months) .

--- 帖子 #478 ---
all depends If you're trying to get in for the first time I strongly suggest that you wait for a clear V formation. That way you reduce a risk of getting caught up in the beginning of a correction.

Check the charts

--- 帖子 #479 ---
Yes my brother you have a valid point there. I can tell you're doing your homework  - intermarket relationship - that's the key.

Peace

--- 帖子 #480 ---
leighs has been silent tonigth

I wonder where she is??

Peace

--- 帖子 #481 ---
You are right. People are risk aversive, the more capital the more caution they put. Maybe this common attitude to risk explains fear and hope.

Well, U/J goes down again, testing 119 again? Look at big drop of G/J and A/J. Something similar to August is happening!

--- 帖子 #482 ---
Well, Poker is not BlackJack, so you'll have to hit someone else for tips on that one, lol :

Thanks Trader_V for the great info and example charts!!

LOL, well I did mean double-top, but when I looked up the definition, it said:

"A technical analysis term for two successive rises to the same price level."

So the supposed double-top I was seeing on the Daily (if the price went further down past 1.4520) wouldn't be exactly correct, because the first high Fractal is 1.4753 and the second high Fractal is 1.4725.

I dunno, some people may refer that still as a double-top, but I guess cuz when I looked up the definition it said "same price", I figured that the second high Fractal price needed to be 1.4753, lol.

Has that term been changed along the way, so that it does not have to be exactly at the same price and still be considered a double-top?

* edited - Or is the key word there "level" thus it could be around that area, thus I was correct after all in interpreting that as a double-top?

--- 帖子 #483 ---
LOL, hey I have a life too, you know :

--- 帖子 #484 ---
Level = Area

kinda hard to match the price by the tick.

Peace

--- 帖子 #485 ---
ohhhh  we just kinda miss you here  LOL

hey hope hubby doesn't get mad you know??? with all respect of course

Peace

--- 帖子 #486 ---
Glad to see you leighsww. I believe like you said....the keyword "level is around" suffices when it comes to these types of things. The clarity I refer to has more to do with what/where you saw, how you interpret it and what you will do to take advantage of the overall trend. It was not a judgement of what you wrote but an attempt to understand what another trader sees and thinks.

--- 帖子 #487 ---
I dunno, I have seen some pretty exact :. Also, I did see other definitions that didn't say "level" but still referred to it as "touching the same high", etc., thus moreso I figured that it had to be exact, lol.

But, thanks for the clarification , cuz that would make a heck of a lot more sense, since like you say, hard to match exact to the pip most times (but I have seen it happen , lol)

So, ownshook, I guess I did mean double-top after all then, hehe.

--- 帖子 #488 ---
most definitely sometimes you'll see the match in price.

Peace

--- 帖子 #489 ---
Good night everybody

See you guys in the morning

Peace

--- 帖子 #490 ---
Ah, I can see where you might have been confused at where I saw the double-top, because I didn't put up the Daily chart for that (I had the 4hr chart showing the Fractal for something else, and just mentioned the possibility of a double-top, lol).

Sorry about that http://leighswishingwell.com/lp/emotes/hug.gif

--- 帖子 #491 ---
Actually, hubby and I are on two separate islands for now. We just recently moved from Kauai back to Oahu, but he went on ahead to Maui because that's where we want to live, but I'm still on Oahu until I can move up to be with him, lol. It's complicated, but he calls me everyday, so all is good

I am hoping to move up to be with him in another month or so. GAD, moving is a pain and we have all our stuff in storage, so both of us are living out of our suitcases, lol.

Anyway, that's enough of that.

* edited - Goodnight feb!

--- 帖子 #492 ---
You are right by level, since compared to 230 pips, 28 pips( 1.4753-1.4725)  is not significant. And now we don't know if it is a double top or double bottom since the first condition/step that E/U shall go down to 1.4520 level. That is 100 pips away!

Well, E/U is very strong.

--- 帖子 #493 ---
LOL, I guess it'll turn into a double-bottom once the price hits 1.4520 and heads back up to approx. 1.4725+ level, eh?

Heck if it hits the 1.4725+ level then goes back down to the 1.4520 then back up, we may be needing to create a whole new alphabet --> /\/\/ :

--- 帖子 #494 ---
Well,

I just arrived from my fuuuuull time job, watched the charts and ....nooothing!!! No setups. so I will sit on my hands, hug my son, watch some tv reruns, and will be back tomorrow.

Take care everybody.

--- 帖子 #495 ---
Sheesh, just pop-in and pop-out why don't you! :

Make sure you take your hands out from under your butt before hugging your son!

You take care, too, alcastro! See ya!

--- 帖子 #496 ---
WoW, that was an EXCELLENT post, Trader_V!

Great advice and here are some quotes of yours I especially thought were spot on!!

-------

"So I say yes open a demo account but open it with the same starting capital you are looking to open your real account with. And treat it like it was real money using proper Money Management and proper leverage."

"But just understand you must have a realistic outlook and know that with a small trading account you can still get to those big dreams it’s just going to take a little longer as you build your account."

"Next forget about the dollars and cents until the end of every month. I don’t care how much the trade is worth in actual dollars all I know is I need to end the month with more positive pips then negative pips."

"Now this is not to say that you cannot continue to add to your account as you progress to help it grow faster in fact I encourage this once you have gained the experience to pull profits out of the market consistently."

-------

ACK!! Don't talk about bananas in this naked thread!!

--- 帖子 #497 ---
GREAT question, cuz I was wondering about this, as well.

Feb, I think you missed what ownshook was actually trying to say. Here's an example of what we are needing clarified (see hypothetical chart below) ...

Do we get in on the GREEN arrow candlestick (which would be the continuation of the original V-Formation from the lower Fractal, but instead of the entry being the 3rd candle, it's now the 4th candle), or do we start over from scratch due to the small correction, so entry candle would be the ORANGE arrow candle?

I'm thinking that the GREEN arrow candle would be the entry candle because a new low Fractal hasn't been established at the GREEN arrow candle, so we continue from the original V-Formation.

Now, if a new low Fractal had been created at the GREEN arrow candle, then we would start afresh, no? (lol, you better read this post before the weekend, cuz once you hit on Mr. Merlot, you might not be able to comprehend my post : , also I sure hope you're not color blind, lol)

I must have missed this post about a consolidation method. Can you point me to where he talked about a method in case of consolidation (I tried a "search" in this thread for it, but couldn't find anything about a consolidation method)? Thank you, ownshook!

--- 帖子 #498 ---
Okay, sorry, I re-read your post and chart and I see now (from the chart especially) that you did understand ownshook's question and I see what you are now saying.

Basically, we would need the 4th candle to be a significant move then in order to consider it a viable continuation of the V-formation.

I guess this is where judgment call would be needed or if not sure, to stay out, lol.

Okay, I'm posting too many times in a row, so I best hush up for now, lol.

--- 帖子 #499 ---
As for the consolidation method....that was discussed in a private conversation that I can not share.

Seriously though....there isn't a post in regards to that. My mistake. I have spent too much time at the computer and have taken the first few posts Feb made that made mention of consolidation and was thinking about a PA method using IB for a break above and gelled the two together.

That said...by looking at the original charts that were posted...the V pattern appears to form inside the consolidation so I am wondering if the same method applies.

--- 帖子 #500 ---
Thanks Trader V for the very wise post regarding demo vs real. It almost needs to go in the beginners section with a sticky on it!

I think it was Merlin who quoted somewhere in this forum....that when a trader starts to look at his account growth in terms of percentage figures then they are on their way to becoming a serious trader.

Great post.

I think both you Trader V, and Feb are a great combination on this thread and in many ways your differences are complimentary to each other.

--- 帖子 #501 ---
Bad, bad, ownshook!! http://leighswishingwell.com/lp/emotes/whip.gif

LOL, me thinks ownshook may be hitting on Mr. Merlot's brother, Mr. Cabernet :

Are you referring to the chart in his 2nd post? I would think that as long as the V-Formation criteria is met, that, yes, you would implement it.

--- 帖子 #502 ---
hehehe

--- 帖子 #503 ---
Okay, after trying to figure out why the consolidation would be a problem in feb's Post #2 (because I didn't see it as any issue), I came to the realization that you were probably referring instead to this chart --> http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...&postcount=479

When you said "original charts" I thought you were talking about his first two posts (cuz you mentioned "his first couple posts" just above your question).

Boy, I really think I may have to open that psychic center, cuz trying to interpret posts is like needing to be psychic, lol :

I see what you mean now. Maybe in the case of a consolidation then, if there is a correction candle, perhaps it is better to wait one more candlestick's close to the upside then. Or at least for that 4th candle to break clearly above the 2nd candle's high. Hmmmm, these are good points you are bringing up, ownshook!

Things we need to definitely consider for putting the odds in our favor, for sure!

--- 帖子 #504 ---
Feb! I have followed your thread from day first and am reading every day.

Very educational thread for all traders or who want to be on the future.

I hope we can learn more form you and other experianced traders.

Trader_V!!!! Your post  on opening demo and live account is "Great post post of the day"
Have a nice day !!!!!

maritu

--- 帖子 #505 ---
An update on the USD/JPY trade.

I just wanted to point out how I am managing my trade and show you how I make some of my decisions.

On the chart we can see the bar where I entered the trade (indicated by the first blue arrow. We can see how price has moved down nicely and my stop is at break even for a free ride plus a couple of pips.

Now this is where a lot of traders get nervous and exit sometimes prematurely and sometimes it turns out to be the right decision.

I am watching where price closes on this current bar. If you look at the large bearish outside bar indicated by the second blue arrow you will see it was a strong move down. If prices close above this bar or move with some force above the high of this bar I will exit the trade.

Alternatively this is also where I would look for a possible continuation of the major trend headed down. Being cautious near the newest support area indicated by the yellow area and cautious again in the area of the horizontal line.

Cheers!

--- 帖子 #506 ---
Hello Feb, Trader V and everyone else.

First, congrats on a great tread.

Price action makes sense to me.

Would like to ask about market inter relations.

Gold vs. USD makes sense. So is Oil. DOW is a bit harder to understand for me. I do realize it has to do with a carry trades, but not sure how.

I'm sure Bonds and Libor rates and many more things come into play, and it would probably should be a topic of it's own for a tread.

So if it's impossible to answer in a confines of this tread, just disregard.

But...Feb, since you don't have much to do ( you are thinking about retirement, after all) maybe you should start another tread.

Would greatly apreciate any insight.

--- 帖子 #507 ---
Trader V...Wanted to thank you for your recent word document as well as keeping us abreast on a current trade you have entered and the logic behind it.

leighsww....sometimes my brain moves too fast that I can't keep up with what I am trying to say.  I guess that is why I need clarity from others because I sure have a problem with it.

--- 帖子 #508 ---
I have an observation to make about your charts. What you have drawn as support and resistance levels does not seem like support and resistance levels to me. It seems rather just like recent highs and lows that that market has made over a few sessions.

So here is my question. How do you distinguish between recent highs/lows and real market support and resistance levels?

For me daily pivot point and the support and resistance levels that are associated with it is the real support and resistance levels that the market tends to react to.

I have attached a chart to show how the market reacts to daily/weekly/monthly pivot points and support resistance levels

--- 帖子 #509 ---
They aren't S/R levels, my chart is depicting Fractals. What made you think they were S/R levels?

LOL, I know this thread is long, but if you're not reading it from the beginning or reading posts carefully and thoroughly, then you're probably missing a lot of info

You might want to read this post regarding what my chart is depicting ( linked to the Fractal info on that post ) --> http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...25#post1711325

I will be answering your other questions in another post, but I wanted you to read that first. Also, because my next post is going to be long, lol, so I didn't want to have it all be on one post, since I think that is why people might not be reading my posts (or it's maybe because it's just not interesting enough, haha .

--- 帖子 #510 ---
Hello everyone

Nothing for me on E/U yet

we're still in  choppyland I guess Trader V has something going on with the yen!!!

let's see what happens

peace

--- 帖子 #511 ---
Well, since I'm laboratory testing this to quantify the results of feb's method of only reading PA on naked charts at the simplest level, basically to track the consistency ratio it has in regards to profitable results, I am not going to set pivot points, trendlines, S/R levels, Fibs, etc.

I am only going by Fractals and the V-Formation criteria.

Yes, sure, there will be times when a resistance level might be ahead, but following the criteria of the V-Formation and looking at how the Fractals are forming (ex: higher highs, lower lows, higher lows/lower highs, etc.) tells you a lot. In my opinion, the story is unfolding with just those set of info. That's why we have to wait for the current candle to break through the 2nd candle's high (or low) in order for it to be safe to enter a position. Otherwise, we wait for the next bus.

There may be times that the V-Formation isn't all that's required, but if you read my analogy with BlackJack strategies, if you follow a strategy/method that has proven to have good results consistently, even at the basic level, you can still put the odds in your favor. Other factors, like reading the intermarket relations, etc., are more like the card counting aspect. They enhance putting the odds more in your favor, but they are not needed, in my opinion, to still give profitable results. Those we can implement once we have learned the basics and can then graduate to a higher level (like those who are already experienced traders).

I am going to break my posts up, cuz I think when my verbiage gets too long, people are either skipping them or not reading them good :, lol. I will answer your next question in my next post.

--- 帖子 #512 ---
It's actually a fact that the more you write, the less people will read when it comes to forums and email.

I work in a Fortune 50, and they teach Managers to always get to the point quickly... because people will simply gloss over it.

Kinda interesting.

Standup is the same way. Talk to a comedian and they'll tell you that you should always use the three-line rule... basically, your setup is the first two lines, with the punch at the end...because anymore than that, and you will not get as many laughs because people want you to get to the punchline quickly...

--- 帖子 #513 ---
You are right that the market reacts to S/R levels. It's a "which came first, chicken or egg" syndrome, lol, cuz I believe that the market reacts moreso to it, because everybody's been told that the market reacts to it, so in essence, that fact causes the market reaction to it :

I was using them previously myself. My charts have a built in Pivot Calculator that draws the pivot line and S/R levels automatically for me. I had it permanently on my various timeframes using the appropriate one for each timeframe.

They are certainly tools you can use, but to me, after studying up on this PA stuff, I really feel I have all the info I need to make a decision. Also, again, I'm treating this as a mechanical method where I enter when the V-Formation presents itself. The only place I will use discretion is on the 4hr to see if I can get a discount on the price.

I have been trading for 8 months, and quite frankly, I haven't been totally bad at. Actually if you read my Post #251 and looked at my statistics, I actually had 3 of the 5 months end with profit rather than loss (not good profit, lol, but profit rather than loss, nonetheless), but the commissions reduced my profitability quite a bit.

Throughout my 8 months, I was using EMAs and Pivots/S/L (I was using Fractals, but the other indicators took my attention)

After reading this thread, however, and learning from feb and others here, it hit me almost like a revelation ... the indicators and such were really taking my focus away (distracting me) from just reading the PA which really give enough info on the situation.

In fact, I'm sure this has been other people's dilemma, too ... but when I had let's say a 25ema, 50ema and 200ema on my charts on multiple timeframes (because I do subscribe to the notion that you should be looking at various timeframes for confirmation of the trend, etc.), it always had me anticipating/trying to guess which 25/50/200 ema on which timeframe was the price going to go to. A 25ema or 50ema on the higher timeframes is sure in a heck of a different place than on a 15m or 30m timeframe.

For me, those just became more of an obstruction than anything else.

The more I strictly go with a naked chart and only the Fractals, the more I have come to realize just how distracting on both my eyes and my decisions, those other indicators were.

The thing I did like about the Pivots/S/R levels, was where to put my SL. I used to use that mainly for trying to get in as close to one of those areas and not in the middle of it, for a better, safer SL positioning.

However, I won't need that anymore, because my SL, with this method, is at the bottom/top of the previous Daily's candle.

So, I honestly feel, that I do not need any indicators or pivot points, fibs, etc. because I can get all the info I need from just PA and Fractals. I just wait for the V-Formation criteria, watch my Fractal formations, and I'm good to go.

Anyway, we shall see. I'm only just now commencing this laboratory testing, lol, so as the months roll on, my quantified results will determined if it's improved my consistency in profitability.

--- 帖子 #514 ---
The fact that you are a woman puts you at a great advantage. Generally, speaking, women are better traders than men.

--- 帖子 #515 ---
Trader_V

I am confused with the US/JP chart that you posted.I can see the logic behind the way in which you are managing your trade but I cannot see why did you enter that trade in the first place. According to your method, you will only enter a trade after the fractal point has been broken (the higher-high or the lower-low). I do not see that happening in your chart. Is this an entry based in a different method?

--- 帖子 #516 ---
Well, that's a shame that people are bothered to read things through. I try to be thorough in reading what people write, because by not doing so, I am not caring enough about what they have to say.

That's how I feel about it anyway.

Yeah, but there were many times that I, as well as others, got to the point  regarding where to get in on the 3rd candle of the V-Formation and you STILL didn't get it, lol :

Until today (because I do believe that now you are reading my posts thoroughly), I had figured you were not only a discretionary trader, but also a discretionary reader, lol

From my many years of relationships with people in my life ... I have found that nobody is insignificant. Even the least expected person may prove to add value to your life

Learning/benefiting/value can come from all walks of life and from all ages (even a 3 year old can teach us things, lol) ... if you choose to discard/ignore those who you do not feel worthy of your attention, you truly lose out in the end.

Hey, I still luvs you, even if you can be a silly, silly man sometimes, lol, but I don't know if I can honestly say that I have as much respect for you as I could, because of your lack of humility.

The "Needing to be right" or more importantly, "needing to make others wrong" syndromes are not endearing qualities. Trust me, I was one of those in my younger days :, and it took something painful to make me look at myself and how I affected the lives of the people around me.

Anyway, I'm not here to preach, but my last words to you on this subject are ...

Practice humility, my friend ... it can do wonders for the respect you gain and embracing wonderful relationships with people in your life! http://leighswishingwell.com/lp/emotes/hug.gif

Hey, but even if I might not have the kind of respect for you as I have for feb, it doesn't mean that I can't have it in the future, you know. So, please, take my words however you want, but I only tell you this from what I feel from my heart.

Believe me, if I didn't care about you in some way, I wouldn't even bother to write you this. Somebody cared enough about me back then to want to see me have better relationships in my life, so I am "paying it forward," so-to-speak, lol.

That's interesting. Were you trying to be a standup comic that you know these things? :

--- 帖子 #517 ---
That is not true, how can that be true? lol

That's an excuse if you think that :.

Hey, pips don't get turned on by estrogen : (they aren't silly like men :, oh boy, am I gonna get in trouble for that one)

Anyway, I believe that anybody can become a good trader if they play it like BlackJack, lol (sorry, I keep bringing up BJ, but I truly believe that this is the key analogy, haha)

Mr Trend ... you game to get naked on only ONE pair that you trade and try this with us, this feb method. That way you can do that side-by-side comparison to truly quantify your previous statement which is somewhere in the recesses of this thread, lol.

C'mon get naked with us, maybe when you become vulnerable, you learn humility, lol. Also, I truly have become fond of you, cuz as silly as you are sometimes, I see you are making some progress with the syndromes (you haven't tried to make me wrong for no reason yet, at least

--- 帖子 #518 ---
I love your post leighs

keep the coming!!!!

peace

--- 帖子 #519 ---
I wanted to add something to this sentence (cuz I reread my post and I feel I didn't say it accurately) ...

I should have said "even if I might not have the 'degree' of respect" because I most certainly have a certain respect for you in some areas of what I have read from your posts.

I feel you know a lot about trading and the business of it. I feel you have a lot to offer people and we/many can learn a lot from you in this regards  (but I also feel that you can learn a few things still, from others as well).

So, please continue to contribute to us in this thread, I want to learn more from you, because I have a feeling that I will be having the same kind of respect for you as I do for feb in no time at all  (I think you are a man of honor, just a little brash and sassy, is all :. But hey, brash and sassy is fine, but just use it wisely/appropriately, k?)

http://leighswishingwell.com/lp/emotes/hug.gif

--- 帖子 #520 ---
Oh, I just thought of another dilemma that I'm sure everyone's encountered ...

When using your EMAs, how many times have you seen it looking like it's so far away from the EMA, that you are thinking ...

"hmmmm, I know it's gotta be pulling back soon, because it's just too far from the 50ema"

... so you figure you better wait on getting in cuz you are anticipating this retracement, and then, WHAM! ... the dang thing keeps heading up further and further!!

I don't know about you, but in the 8 months I've been trading, this has happened to me over-and-over again, lol, thus missing great opportunities, just because I'm basically "guessing" that there's gonna be a pullback, sheesh!

So the moral to this story? ... Don't use EMAs, cuz they can sabotage you, lol.

Again, PA and having a BlackJack type of strategy/rules/method (like feb's method is) is the best way to not let your feelings, emotions, wanna-be-psychic abilities get in the way of your trading!!

Okay, I'm done for now. I just wanted to post that, because I'm sure many can relate that happening to them, lol.

I've taken up too many posts. We need to hear from others.

--- 帖子 #521 ---
Oh, hehe, thanks! http://leighswishingwell.com/lp/emotes/hug.gif

--- 帖子 #522 ---
This has been one weird week of trading.  Why?  Because I didn't...except for a premature entry on the E/U that has been up and down for the last few days.  Should have waited for #3 to break a high....

I have tucked away my macd for current short term trend confirmation....my stoch for trigger and fibs for confluence to give a try to a method that seems to be more "organic".  I especially like it because, at a glance, you can tell if you are in the market that day and you the ability to scan many charts in a short time.

While I want to follow Febs to the letter.....for me this weekend...I am going to go over some charts where there is not a perfect V setup and see how the 1-2-3 method was have turned out.  Never hurts to have two setups.

One book that I have enjoyed "Tools & Tactics for the Master Day Trader" is solely around PA and Febs method reminds me of the 3-5 bar drop setup the book speaks about.

--- 帖子 #523 ---
He is a James16 member, and yes, it's based on a different entry signal. Something called an Outside Bearish Bar.

I can assume, (since I am not looking at the chart, and writing this from memory...) that there must be a support line that was broken around there as well......but this is my interpretation.....and is not necessarily 100% true.

He could have an entry system to short the USD/JPY when the neighbor's dog barks?

Clockwork

--- 帖子 #524 ---
Trader_V was kind enough to document via a doc file as to why he entered that trade.....clockwork71 was pretty much bang-on

here is the doc: http://www.forexfactory.com/attachme...6&d=1195177710

--- 帖子 #525 ---
1. no setup = no trade. Stay focus, Don't get fooled by the noise of the market. You know what to do.

2. Once you have a trade with stops and everything stop starring at the charts. Go do something else. I mean, you already have a trade, The market is not going anywhere.

3.There will be a point in your trading career that you need to stop "listening" to others and start listening to yourself. ( Don't you think is about time now??)

4.If you get stopped out, deal with it. There's something called market risk, which is the reason why the holy grail doesn't exist.  You chose this career. If you can't deal with a loss, Wal-Mart is always hiring.

5. Trading is not glamorous. It's simple but hard.

when you get bored to death, will be a sign that your trading is improving.

6. You must be attentive to risk and stop thinking about how much can you make. Don't worry you'll get paid.

7. If you're looking for excitement , go to a casino. Trading is hard, cold and lonely.

8. stop this "optimization process" Seems like a neverending story to me. I mean, there will be times where you're gonna get burned. The problem lies in  you getting discouraged and start this " let me throw some big macs or stochs to "optimize"   I assure you eventually that will lead you only to frustration.

9)Don't be like a monkey jumping from one tree to the other looking for something that "works most of the time". You know that's bullshit. You're lying to yourself. The truth is that you are not capable to follow your vision.   At the end, your account is up in the wind. It's time to stop.

10) I've seen plenty of traders, practicing on demo for a hundred years. You're scared my friend don't deny it. Here in forex you can trade even for pennies. It's time to get your ass on the line and get real my friend.

11) The market is nasty. Take no prisoners. and won't care if you're good or not. Don't let it tell you what to do. You call the shots. If you feel that something is not right, insecure, sick, out of focus, etc. Don't trade. Don't force anything

12) Relax. You're trading off the daily chart. Take your time. Think. Observe. Be picky with your trades. Take the best setups.

13) It's good to have an attitude when you're about to trade. I was an asshole when I was on the floor. Now in front of the screen I still have an attitude. Remember , it's your money and your time and you're a professional . The time to be a newbie is over and will end on this thread.

14) If you miss the bus, that's ok. Don't be hard to yourself. As long as demand and supply rule the markets, I assure you there will be plenty of chance to get back on the bus.

15) The most important rule of all - help others. Pass the good Karma and it will comeback to you bigger Talking by experience.

You migth not agree with me and that's ok. But it took me many years to understand what I just stated above.  I am practical. I trade for the money that's why I play smart. Risk is my #1 priority.

I managed to keep my head above the water since 1981 doing what I said above.   I believe you can do it too.

Peace

--- 帖子 #526 ---
WoW, feb, awesome post!  (that's worth a touchy-feely hug)

I believe we all can do it too!

--- 帖子 #527 ---
Great, excellent post of this!! Thank you, Big Brother.

--- 帖子 #528 ---
Big Brother Feb.....(I hope you allow me to call you Big brother  )

Couldnot have agree with Leigh and Green David more.... I hope you donot mind if I print this out and gave it to my friends... and Thank You for all the Posters here..... help me a great deal.

Leigh... can I have a touchy huggggg tooooo...... Pllllllleaseeeee..... lol

--- 帖子 #529 ---
ACK!!! Well, how can I refuse you after that, lol -->

--- 帖子 #530 ---
Hey Feb

Another great post as usual.  Thanks again for your words of wisdom.

--- 帖子 #531 ---
That is a wild assumption...lol

--- 帖子 #532 ---
I would totally agree... I'm much the same way. I don't know why you are taking this the wrong way. All I'm saying is that there is research that concludes this. That's all... it's something I have to work on as well, because I can write a book.

Heh. Yep.

Ughhhh... ok... LOL. I don't know why you think I'm not humble, but whatever. I've offered advice on this forum, and that's being egotistical? Sorry if I come off that way. It wasn't my attention.

Gee. Thanks.

Yes I do actually. And I think I'm gonna write some material on Internet communication and how people take what you say the wrong way.

The fact of the matter, leigh, is that you can talk to a lot of people that know me personally, and I'm actually a relatively humble person and a darn nice guy. The fact is that you just can't see/read that on a forum.

I don't sugarcoat things. If you're the kind of person that needs that, then that's on you, not me.

--- 帖子 #533 ---
Women are better traders than men, because men tend to, generally, let ego get in the way. Women aren't into ego. Men let revenge get in the way. Women typically don't have that gene, so to speak.

Psychologically, there's a huge difference. That's not to say women don't experience these things, but they generally don't let it get the best of them.

...but, I don't know anything and you don't believe me anyways, so whatever... one of these days you'll learn the same things I've learned and think back, "Hmm, maybe he wasn't such an arrogant bastard after all..."

I swear... you try to help people and you're told to practice humility.

If that's what you think, hey, no problem.

--- 帖子 #534 ---
Well of course. I'd be a fool to not think that. When did I ever say I knew it all? Never. But you ASSUME otherwise.

You take words on the Internet, and because you don't like their tone, or you have issues with that in real life, you instantly categorize someone as arrogant...

I've torn through accounts like a madman. If I can come on here and tell it like it is, in the hopes that someone will listen and maybe, just maybe, not have to go through the crap, emotionally, and financially that I have, then I've done my job -- regardless if they think I'm brass or whatever.

Because when you've given the market the equivalent of four years at Harvard, you do not want others to have to go through the same friggin' thing.

--- 帖子 #535 ---
LOL, sorry Mr Trend, it wasn't so much your latest posts that I was referring to, it was the previous ones where you scolded everyone and came off very egotistical and high-and-mighty, lol.

I realize that my slipping that little assessment of you in there (after your latest posts were really quite civil and non-abrasive), I can see why you were confused. I totally apologize for that. http://leighswishingwell.com/lp/emotes/hug.gif

I have to say, my respect for you is increasing every minute

LOL, well we all learn from feedback, thus if we didn't get them, we wouldn't know how we are sounding/coming off

I agree, without tone of voice being heard, we many times can be misunderstood (that's why I use so much emotes, haha!!)

I believe that of you. I actually was waiting to see how you were going to respond to my posts, lol. You have responded as I had hoped, which has given me much respect for you ... yes, as much as I respect feb!

Sheesh, you were faster at getting my respect than I would have thought. Either I am so easy, or you are that good!!! :

Nope, I don't need sugar-coating, but mutual respect and tact is always good.

--- 帖子 #536 ---
Ok i got my answer. You prefer fractals and if it works for you then that is all that matters.

If however you need better place to put stop losses then i suggest you use the weekly support and resistance levels. That will save you a lot of pips and also give you a better risk/reward. Ok that was by contribution to a thread that i think has lots of potential. At least your on the right track with trading price action.

For me there are only 3 things that i use to evaluate any approach on FF:
1) Proper money management (but that is not the scope of this thread)
2) 1:3 risk/reward ratio (also not yet the scope of this thread)
3) Winning percentage of 33.3%. An approach that gives you 3 winning trades out of 10 trades. But those 3 winning trades must be 1:3 risk/reward (meaning that for every 7 loosing trades you only need 3 winners to make money) then you WILL make money in forex on consistant basis.

If an approach does not have those 3 components then it will die a slow death.

So if anyone can incorporate that in the already mentioned excellent posts by other traders on this thread, then you will have a good approach here and something to fee you for the rest of your live

But overall and excellent thread

--- 帖子 #537 ---
Well keep us updated on your results. I am sure there might be something to work with

--- 帖子 #538 ---
Thank you for sharing that with us, ian!

--- 帖子 #539 ---
Okay, will do

--- 帖子 #540 ---
Here is just one example of why i would prefer Weekly S/R levels as stop loss rather than daily bars. In the first half of the chart i would use weekly resistance levels to place my stop/loss. On second half of the chart i would use weekly support levels to put my stop loss. I am sure you would save on stop losses. Afterall Feb likes discounted prices

I also prefer to use weekly PP and S/R as profit targets.

The moment price broke down thru one support level it went to the next. And in most cases it would rebound after hitting S3 due to oversold levels.

Also true for upside break. Moment it went up thru one resistance level it went to the next. And once it hits R3 it tends to rebound due to overbought levels.

It only failed 1 out of 9 attemps not to reach its next destination and that was due to bad news coming out of UK that saw gbp/usd fall.

--- 帖子 #541 ---
Yeah, I know how you feel. I have felt and done the same with people starting a business, cuz I didn't want them to go through what I did.

*edited:

I never said you didn't know anything, in fact I've praised you quite a bit. Please don't throw a tantrum, I had just gained respect for you from your previous post, as I thought you showed class in your responses.

To be honest, if you read your post (hmmmm, although somebody deleted it, so you will have to read it in the quotes of my post) --> http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...53#post1715653

Your intention/motivation didn't seem to be that of wanting to help me, but more wanting to prove me wrong or something.

If I have hurt your feelings, I apologize http://leighswishingwell.com/lp/emotes/hug.gif

--- 帖子 #542 ---
Sounds some communications going on. Thanks for my poor English, I really don't know meanings behind the English words, only try to understand in a plain and  good-intended way.

--- 帖子 #543 ---
My friend i get the impression you are very tense here.

Unless you provide us with a study that was done in recent years proving that women are indeed better traders than men, then you shouldnt be upset if people critisize this assumption you made.

Even i can disagree with you because what you said about male traders are not applicable to a lot of male traders. So i will disagree with you on 2 assumptions:

1) Females are not necessarily better traders than males

2) All males are not ego traders

You will get good traders both male and female.

You will get ego traders both male and female.

Trading is not a gender issue. It is a discipline issue

--- 帖子 #544 ---
Something about pivot points/ S/R lines, fibos. etc

Never place stops at these levels. Too many sharks in these waters (myself included, not in forex but in some other markets) By the way,  I have to give credit to Mr. Trend on what he said about placing stops like 20 pips away from daily bars.

As I mentioned in one of my earliest post, I use them, including trendlines.  But I don't worship anything on my charts other than price.

How do I use them?? well, very simple, looking for clues on what others are doing. I track speed and momentum on this lines. Also to have an idea on where not to place my stops.  That's it.

You don't need any of that to be a consistent player in this business. I am not  here to create controversy, I am here to give you a another perspective on the market, without any trees blocking the view.

Take the market for what it is. A big auction. At the end, it's all about numbers.

Hindsight is only good for reference purposes. I could go on with something like" I made a backtest down to year 1492. This system gave me an 99.99% of winers"  WOW man this is it.

what is that good for??

well I you know, it could be good to clutter your head and follow hindsight like a dummy, keeping your out of focus of what's really happening on the market. Very much like reading tea leaves.

Trade the market in real time  ***as is happening*******

Fractals works more often than not. It's a way for you to see if the market has intention to resume the trend or to be sloppy. But I got burned BIG TIME (capital letters) on fractals before. Because my job description includes "Risk assessment"  I decided for the fractal to be confirmed. I rather leave some money on the table that get burned.

I am so sorry if I am bursting some bubbles here. Didn't mean to be rude or anything. I know I sound kinda harsh sometimes. But that's the way it is. I am not giving you a system with an on/off switch. My goal here is for all of you to have a deeper understanding  on the markets so you can make an educated guess with an appropriate risk assessment when the time comes to  pull the trigger.

Peace

--- 帖子 #545 ---
You are right. i missed that post. But anyway, it was a different entry system from the fractal.

On another topic, and i know it might come across as rude but......can we stop the Big Brother, Litlle Brother thing? It eerily reminds me of the Tiger thread where everybody was calling each other brother this and brother that, and it become sort of a cult where the brothers were following blindly the Big Brother and were almost ready to send him money to "support" some kind of fishy charity that this guy said he had. And when someone dared to question the Brother intentions and/or wisdom he/she was immediately attacked publicly in the forum and through countless PM's by the blind little brothers.

Don't we have names here?

--- 帖子 #546 ---
I was thinking along the same lines that this thread is taking a turn from something it was originally set up for.  While it makes sense to question to understand why somebody did something...in relation to trading...some of the other comments are not serving the overall purpose of this thread.

--- 帖子 #547 ---
Hello Dear Feb2865, just wanted to thank you very much for your absolute great post. Your are not harsh at all in my view, all the opposite. I really like your style of stating what the market is all about and keeping us remembering what is important to look at which is price.

Very well written

Sincerely

Shreem

--- 帖子 #548 ---
I agree with shreem.

Hey, you give out "tough love" , but your intention/motivation is never for the wrong reasons.

You are always constructive, never destructive. When you are harsh, you do so very fairly. There's a difference.

Everybody can see/feel that from you. You have nothing to apologize for

--- 帖子 #549 ---
I did not view his post as tense. I feel he had good intentions at heart with what he was trying to say due to male/female gender qualities, although women can definitely let emotions run their lives/trading, as much as men, lol

Yes, and I'm a woman/female, and as much as it would be flattering to think we make much better traders than men, I would not be able to agree with it, because in my opinion, it wouldn't be a fair assessment to make.

I have to totally agree with ian on the above. As I said, I'm a make sense kinda person and that makes sense to me, lol.

Oops, okay sorry about that, ownshook. I do believe that was my fault (Leighswww turns the http://leighswishingwell.com/lp/emotes/whip.gif on herself)

--- 帖子 #550 ---
Dear friend Alcastro:

I call Feb (and sometimes Trader_V) Big Brother, because first he is male and older than I; second he has more experiences and so kind to help us juniors/newbies. In oriental culture, calling some body Big Brother shows some kind of respect (for example, I may ask a guy on a street: "Big brother, can you tell me the way to bus station?" ).  I sometimes call myself little brother, it is a kind of humility or modesty.

Tiger started calling big brother, I think it is due to culture also at least from the beginning. In Malaysia, and Indonesia, every man about the same age calls each other brother (abang in Malay languange).

Take it easy, man. It's only a matter of different culture. If Feb doesn't feel like to be called this way, I can change, no problem, and the respect is still there.

--- 帖子 #551 ---
A good news for you. A woman CAN be a good trader!

According to her, there is a Chinese woman (called Midas registered in a forex forum) who used to trade forex for Chinese central bank in London (billions and billions of US dollars trading) and also participated the "financial war with George Soros" in Honk Kong 1997. She was interviewed (or reported her job to) by central government Premier Zhu some years ago.

By the way, she also thinks the most useful book for speculation/trading is "Reminiscences of a Stock Operator".

So you could be a good trader. Don't worry.

--- 帖子 #552 ---
That's good that you explained that, David, because I think cultural differences are often why we have miscommunication.

I, myself, am not bothered at all by what you call feb, but I can imagine that for some, especially those in the U.S. (I don't know if any other countries have read the book), the "Big Brother" thingy, might be bringing up memories of George Orwell's novel "1984", haha. This is where that term would have a totally different meaning , lol.

--- 帖子 #553 ---
LOL, David, I didn't mean that women couldn't be good traders, I was referring to the notion that we make better traders than men, silly! :

Read that whole dialog again  (I basically agreed with what ian posted about both men and women can be good traders, because it's not gender related but more of a discipline thingy, lol)

But thank you for that! http://leighswishingwell.com/lp/emotes/hug.gif

--- 帖子 #554 ---
Leigh,

Thank you! This is very flattering that you have found quotes worthy of taking note of.

I am honored

--- 帖子 #555 ---
This is an excelent idea Antra!  I will post this in the beginners forum but I will leave it up to the forum GODs to determine if it is worthy of becoming a sticky

You folks in here are much to kind and I thank all of you for your kind words regarding my posts and whayever insights I am able to provide.

I agree completely that Feb and I make a nice pair in this thread.  Our ideas meld niceley with each others.

Thanks again!

--- 帖子 #556 ---
OMG, Trader_V ... are you kidding? Everything you have contributed has been worthy of attention!!  (what the heck, I'm feeling comfy with using the touchy-feely emotes on you guys, lol)

You don't need to thank me back for that comment, lol. We don't need to get super mushy here, otherwise everybody is gonna start puking :

--- 帖子 #557 ---
Thanks ownshook

I am hoping that by posting some trades this way it will help others see the reasons behind the actions and also show how a trade is being managed as it progresses.  I think this really helps folks undestand things just a little better.

--- 帖子 #558 ---
Ok feb we will agree to disagree on using daily bars vs. S/R as places to put stop losses

As long as every traders is comfortable where he/she put their stop losses then that is all that matters.

In the end you wanna get out of a losing trade without too much damage being done to your capital.

--- 帖子 #559 ---
Ian,

I have to agree with feb, cuz I used S/R previously for SL (but of course, I was trading short-term/shorter-timeframes), and studying the charts using feb's method, using the previous Daily candlestick seems to have good/safe results. I agree, you have to stay within your means, so if the previous candle is too large a SL, best to look for another trade, or wait for discount enough to make it safe.

I thanked you for your contribution to this thread, but for me, I'm still sticking to feb's method.

Maybe you can try this just so you can quantify your own results ...

When you place your trades, do a paralleled paper-trade using feb's method and see which gives you a better win ratio.

That's the only way to truly test which method has better results.

Otherwise, everything is hypothetical which system works better until we actually do side-by-side testing to quantify the results.

Anyway, just a suggestion

Let us know the results after a month or so of testing. Thank you!

--- 帖子 #560 ---
I think this is the "counting cards" advanced strategy, hehe.

Way too complicated for me to follow right now (I'm going to have to stick with the BlackJack basic level rules for now ) but this is probably very informative for the advanced traders

--- 帖子 #561 ---
For me, I am not going to place my trades based on a percentage of my account, R/R ratio or anything like that.

I have studied the charts using feb's method and as I have mentioned before, more times out of any, there is a successful run of pips to the upside (or downside in downtrend).

For me, I am going to say ... "how much can I afford to put SL per trade".

If I can only afford to put 100 pips per trade, then if I cannot get into a trade for less than 100 pip SL, then I have to find another opportunity trade to do so. However, this is where trying to find a discount at the 4hr may help to find that 100 pip or less SL trade.

Also, if I feel that a trade just looks too good to pass up, due to seems to be in a very strong uptrend (or downtrend) on the Daily and Weekly, etc., then I may take only ONE trade (instead of my normal two) and put in a little larger SL (maybe 150 pips, let's say) if I can't get a better price on the discount but need to get into the trade right away.

In the past, when I've traded in the shorter-term/smaller-timeframes, I held to the notion that if I am taking profit at 20 pips, that I had to have a 15 pip or less SL. For shorter-term/smaller-timeframes this would be reasonable assessment to make, because there are higher probabilities of whipsaws and retracements happening on the shorter timeframes, so your losses can add up if it's more than your profit taking.

With the Daily and even 4hr, however, I don't see that happening as much.

Let's say that even if I had to put a 100 - 150 pip SL on an upcoming trade, and I don't yet know what my TP will be (because I'm letting it ride until I see a correction candle), even if it ends up only banking me 50 pips, to me that's a good profit.

Yes, there may be times I'll get stopped out, but again, studying the charts, I see more successful trades using feb's method than ones that go against the grain.

Anyway, this is how I am going to trade, and everybody is going to have to make their own decision what is right for them

--- 帖子 #562 ---
I have made a commitment to follow feb's rules of trading, so his method states to put a SL at the low/high of the previous candle.

I truly appreciate your warnings due to your experience, however for me, I cannot NOT put a SL, I'm afraid. That would not be in the rules of feb's method.

With his method, I don't see the hunters taking us out on the Daily as prevalent as with shorter-timeframes. I have studied the charts to see where the criteria was met and how the run went, and most instances, it was very successful.

Again, as long as we follow feb's rules to wait for the 3rd candle to exceed the high/low of the previous candle, then to me, the risk is quite low of a possible retracement.

--- 帖子 #563 ---
I would agree, in the case of using indicators this is quite true, however, with price action, we would be able to see if the V-Formation criteria was hit, and whether a SL would have been in the process, as well, no?

I will keep an open mind

I thank you for your feedback

--- 帖子 #564 ---
http://leighswishingwell.com/lp/emotes/blink.gif

Whad he say? lol

I'm sorry, but this stuff is WAY above my head, lol. I can admit when I'm feeling like an idiot, so I shall leave it at that :.

Maybe I'll be ready for that stuff down the line, but for now, it is almost like the indicators ... too much distraction http://leighswishingwell.com/lp/emotes/hypo.gif

By the time I finish studying and learning all that, I'll be dead! lol

I'm just kidding, but anyway, thanks again, fti!!

I'll try to read your post again-and-again until I can figure out what you're talking about. You're much too advanced for me to comprehend, lol.

Maybe one day, I will be at your level

P.S. Really, please, you don't need to try to break it down any further for me to understand better, I am really not ready for that yet. However, I will send your post to my husband, and he can explain to me what maybe you are talking about. My husband is a very smart man, so I'm sure will understand it better than I. Again, thank you!

--- 帖子 #565 ---
hi, i have been following this thread from the start and i have to say excellent work feb and would like to thank you (and all the people who contributed something useful to the thread ). your fractal method helped me add something to my own method which i think will increase my profits . but i have a question, when do you take profit?? i have been struggling with taking profits in my own trading, i cant seem to let my profits run which is affecting my overall profitability.

thanks again feb, and happy trading

--- 帖子 #566 ---
Please erase this post if you think it distracts, but I can see a lesson here. Allow me to indulge myself by doing this.

I am printing this out and putting it on my wall. I am also writing the answers to these points, because I think there is a sh*tload of wisdom in this list.

The following answers are from someone who has devoted a ridiculous amount of time in these markets. Someone who has become a student for the last year, and more importantly, is actually starting to make some money. (Someone told me that I would lose consistently for the first few years, I can tell you that until recently, I was break-even a lot. That was more frustrating than losing to be honest.)

Below are my answers, print out the original list, and fill in your thoughts.

Clockwork

--- 帖子 #567 ---
English is not his first language I would suspect. (I think I read he is from Singapore. Maybe someday he will explain to us why Asian Forex Traders kill each other over 2 pips at a time. Asia is a source of indigestion more often than not for me.)

However, for some of the things he brought up, which are valid in my opinion, it would be almost impossible for you to obtain that kind of speed or information.

He is also referring to "stop hunting" in at least one of his posts. Yes Mildred, there are thieves out there called banks.

However, they only come for you if you happen to be with a large pile of others. Your 1 or 2 standard lots aren't worth bothering with.

But hey - cheer up. There are bankers all over the world becoming unemployed/homeless because they didn't bother looking at what they are buying with these subprime-infested messes.  Morons. (Ok, so I'm not always a nice guy.)

Europe is not immune, by the way. Never forget that.

Clockwork

--- 帖子 #568 ---
His English was perfect, it wasn't that. The content was what I couldn't comprehend, lol.

It was like my husband talking chemistry to me, haha.

Anyway, thanks, Clockwork, for the explanation in layman's terms. That helped

--- 帖子 #569 ---
It all depends. I generally build a position for a long term if the market has what it takes. Then as I see a confirmed fractal,  I decide if I scale out, add some more funds or simply shot the trade completely. At the beginning you can either go all in (always with an eye on capital risk) or just build your position over time in increments of x amount of contracts/lots/shares.  etc.

Peace

--- 帖子 #570 ---
Thank you for your valuable information and your kindness. For big players in interbank markets, nobody wants the other players see where the stops placed, because that stop loss would be a target. But they have stop loss ion paper. Am I right?

But for tiny players like Leigh and me, place a stop loss say, 100 pips, and away from some price area/level to avoid noise-like volatility, will not cause big players' attention to eat us.  So, we have to set stop loss. Am I right?

Thank you again.

--- 帖子 #571 ---
You have sense of humor. .

--- 帖子 #572 ---
Hi, Feb(somebody doesn't like big brother thing)

Regarding PA, besides fractal and V form, are there any other price action to be focused and worth notice?

--- 帖子 #573 ---
fti

Thank you for your explanation. Actually I personally stopped talking about intermarket realtionship as I believe this is a subject we should discuss in another tread. But I feel compelled discuss for your own benefit hopefully  what you said about structured/unstructured markets. The following is something I learned not too long ago.

I have a friend of mine who  a bad situation and was forced to retire form trading. She got back into trading with a little help form her friends and decided to open an account with a forex broker, attracted to the fact of having almost absolute control over leverage etc. Another thing she was literally running away from futures, as you might now, they're plagued by sharks (I confess) and plenty of bot trading especially on ES.

I talked to her last week and she went back to trade currency futures. She said "you know is no use. At least in futures, you have a clue where the sharks are located. Trading with market makers, they become the sharks. "

I Ask her if she noticed the same pattern/behavior as the sharks do in futures, She agreed. Same old Pivot Points, fibos, s/r lines etc..She also had trade execution problems despite her orders are 99% limit and she trade off daily charts.

I am just relying on her experience. I just realized that no matter how the market is structured, same patterns could be observed on key levels.

About V formations out of pivotal points ala countertrend mode, that's not what I am talking about.

Fractals are a natural occurrence of the markets.  You might see them in every time frame The reason why I prefer daily charts is because the amount of data  collected and encapsulated  in the fractal is strong enough in order to justify market move/reverse/continuation.

Are they perfect? Absolutely not. As I mentioned before I got burned in fractals many times. That's why I use an "extra protection"

About implementation of what I presented here in other markets etc. I have to respectfully disagree.  I believe as long as there's supply demand on the markets, there will be natural occurrences (like fractals / Support and resistance, choppiness etc) in which every trader armed with proper knowledge an uncluttered/ unbiased vision of the markets  could capitalize upon. This rule applies to all markets, including your local supermarket.

You could have a better idea of what I said above, just looking at the DOM back in the 90's. I was a "liquidity provider" (yes that nasty guy who step in front of the specialist with the idea of trading between the spread) it was fun to watch as how many people, institutions etc, were fighting(or running away) to death just to establish themselves into a position. It was a more intense experience than be on the floor with all this people screaming at the top of their lungs.

As a last coment, I believe you need to evaluate what you said about "restrict the impass of certain "key" levels" with all respect, that's incorrect.

Well, I wil shut up now, We should let this thread run freely at the base it was created.

Anyway, you're welcome here!!!feel like home

Peace

--- 帖子 #574 ---
Oh my garsh, I could understand feb's post ... there's hope for me, after all

--- 帖子 #575 ---
Antra

if you get to read this post, I am having an aussie shiraz this weekend. I can't remember the name I believe is Jacob's something, kinda hard to think now LOL All I can say is that the wine is doing it's job real good.

Peace

--- 帖子 #576 ---
What??? did I said something wrong???... I am writing "under the influence of shiraz  " LOL

--- 帖子 #577 ---
Well, after your post to Antra regarding the shiraz, my understanding your post under the influence, is more a reflection on me than you! http://leighswishingwell.com/lp/emotes/crying.gif

--- 帖子 #578 ---
observe hammers. Also is good to pay attention at shooting stars.

Just remember, I used the following words "observe" and "pay attention"

The idea is to be careful .

Peace

--- 帖子 #579 ---
oh boy. Anyway seem like I brought some clarity to your head.

I am curious, why you said there's hope for you after all???

Peace

--- 帖子 #580 ---
AHA!! Card counting, I knew it! :

--- 帖子 #581 ---
LOL!!!!

--- 帖子 #582 ---
Wow, you must really be blasted :

You know what, I'm not gonna tell you and let you ponder that one for awhile, since Ms. Shiraz is coaxing you nicely tonight, lol :

--- 帖子 #583 ---
You must be referring to Jacob's creek....

Good wine without any indicators....

--- 帖子 #584 ---
Yeah I have to give up for tonight. I can't fight this no more.

Good karma to everybody in this thread.

See U guys tomorrow

peace

--- 帖子 #585 ---
Yes that's the one.  A very good wine indeed. Not that expensive.

Now I am zipping It...Promise

Peace

--- 帖子 #586 ---
Somehow, I could understand your post a little better this time, lol. You didn't use as many lingo that went over my head, lol.

Can you please explain more specifically what you mean by the above quote?

Please, you need to speak really simple terms when you explaining to me, because it's evident, I truly am way out of your league, so much of the lingo, I am lost. Sorry

Wow, you are a very big player, I can see.

*edited - I edited my post after I saw you edited/added info to yours.

--- 帖子 #587 ---
Wow, this is fascinating stuff, lol.

You know, I read many posts by experienced traders mentioning "the big boys," I guess you are (or are a part of) one of them, no?

--- 帖子 #588 ---
Obviously, you are not drunken and paid attention to my question. Thank you a lot. I did see hammers on daily chart on 17 Aug and 22 Oct for JPY crosses.

A big red bar (with no or small pigtails nor tails, and engulfed previous several bars) after a long-time uptrend or a big green bar after a long time downtrend, have similar indications as hammer/shooting star?  That's my observation.

Thank you again.

--- 帖子 #589 ---
Well, seems some "communications" going on.

Thank you for your reply to my questions.  And I am glad you know Pu Tong Hua.

On Friday GMT08:00, E/U went up first touching 1.4645, then suddenly went down and broken previous support 1.4610. To my surprise, the price got support at 1.4590, and couldn't be broken for three times. It seems that an "invisible hand" didn't want it to go down further.

So if a stop loss set up at 4590, 20 pips away from 4610, that order would  get burned any way and caused a loss or a long position lost for nothing!

OK, if I set stop loss mentally for a long position on discretion, a lot of times I would see different support levels hoping the price will cover the loss finally, but those levels kept going down. Finally, after -50 pip become -200, I woke up and closed the positions.

Setting up a stop loss is really an issue.  I think it is the biggest issue in trading.

Thank you.

P.S. We, small players, got price from our platform such as OANDA, FXCM etc. These are retail brokers and customers basically trade against these market makers. Maybe they hedge their counter positions in Interbank, maybe not at all -- just to take advantage of amateurs like casino.

--- 帖子 #590 ---
ACK, be careful, you're talkin' in the naked thread, you know :

I had to Google him, lol--> http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nick_Leeson

You edit your posts, as much as me (I gotta always go back and reread in case you've added something, lol)

My ECN broker won't give out their liquidity providers names, but there's a representative that posts here (Justin) and he mentions things about them, so you might want to check out these posts --> http://www.forexfactory.com/search.php?searchid=2410610

The 2nd post from the top has a routing chart and it shows "Interbank FX Market" on it.

* Edited - Wait a minute ... are you like maybe a spy http://leighswishingwell.com/lp/emotes/yeahright.gif trying to get info out of us?   http://leighswishingwell.com/lp/emotes/shutup3.gif

:

--- 帖子 #591 ---
Well, some kind of adult thing.

--- 帖子 #592 ---
LOL, David, you are really a GOOD HEARTED and CARING man, you know that?

--- 帖子 #593 ---
Well, thank you. Very diplomatic, and politically right? I learned this from my American teacher Mary.

--- 帖子 #594 ---
Well, she taught you well, my dear

Okay, I'm done for tonight. See you all tomorrow!

Thanks, fti, for sharing your amazing experience/expertise with us

--- 帖子 #595 ---
Just to say that I deal with trading floors all the time (I work for a financial trading application company on fixed income/equity/comms/futures markets) and fti is really helping me translate what I know from those desks into usable information for FX, and to help me understand some of the finer points from the conversations I hear!

A very good thread, even through the disagreements there's a lot to take on board.

Thanks!

-TPO.

--- 帖子 #596 ---
Well it is different strokes for different folks. Some people like to play with bigger stop losses and other prefer smaller stop losses. All depends what your goals are.

--- 帖子 #597 ---
Thx for the post but i TOTALLY disagree

--- 帖子 #598 ---
I agree with your post 100% I see a lot of myth in what you have exposed so far.

Fti I appreciate your post and everything But I would like to end this discussion here. No offense please but I will like to get back on track to the original intention of this thread. If you want to start a discussion about brokers and stuff, I suggest you can start another thread and we can discuss this matter there. Again, if you have something to contribute on the subject, you're more than welcome.

Thanks in advance

Peace

--- 帖子 #599 ---
Ok lemme try and explain my logic behind risk/reward ratios.

Forex is a lot like a casino. I can walk into any casino and play one hand of BlackJack. The casino only has a 1%-2% chance of taking my money if i play only one hand. Yet casinos make millions of money at blackjack tables because the more you play the better the odds of them to beat you. And that is pretty much the logic behind any casino. There more you play the better the chance of them taking your money.

Now forex is the same. The more I trade the better the chances of having loosing trades because of the randomness of the market.

Now i only want to take 10 trades a month BUT out of those 10 trades i want to make as much money as possible.

So i use a 1:3 risk/reward ratio (stop loss = 100 pips, and profit target = 300 pips)

If i have 10 loosing trade out of 10 attemps then i loose 1 000 pips (stop loss = 100 pips x 10 trades = 1000 pips - minus 0 winning trades of 0 pips)

If i have 9 loosing trades out of 10 attemps then i loose 600 pips (stop loss = 100 pips x 9 trades = 900 pips - 1 winning trade of 300 pips = 600 pips)

If i have 8 loosing trades out of 10 attemps then i loose 200 pips (stop loss = 100 pips x 8 trades = 800 pips  - 2 winning trades of 600 pips = 200 pips )

If i have 7 loosing trades out of 10 attemps then i win 200 pips (stop loss = 100 pips x 7 trades = 700 pips - 3 winning trades of 900 pips)

If i have 6 loosing trades out of 10 attemps then i win 600 pips (stop loss = 100 pips x 6 trades = 600 pips - 4 winning trades of 1200 pips)

If i have 5 loosing trades out of 10 attemps then i win 1 000 pips (stop loss = 100 pips x 5 trades = 500 pips - 5 winning trades of 1500 pips)

If i have 4 loosing trades out of 10 attemps then i win 1 400 pips (stop loss = 100 pips x 4 trades = 400 pips - 6 winning trades of 1800 pips)

If i have 3 loosing trades out of 10 attemps then i loose 1 800 pips (stop loss = 100 pips x 3 trades = 300 pips - minus 7 winning trades of 2100 pips)

If i have 2 loosing trades out of 10 attemps then i win 2 200 pips (stop loss = 100 pips x 2 trades = 200 pips - minus 8 winning trades of 2400 pips)

If i have 1 loosing trades out of 10 attemps then i win 2 600 pips (stop loss = 100 pips x 1 trades = 100 pips - minus 9 winning trades of 2700 pips)

If i have 0 loosing trades out of 10 attemps then i win 3 000 pips (stop loss = 100 pips x 0 trades = 0 pips - minus 10 winning trades of 3000 pips)

Now I only need 3 winning trades out of 10 attemps to make money.

Chances are that i wont get 10 winning trades out of 10 attemps. But chances are good that i will get at least 3 winners out of 10 attemps. And since i only need 3 winning trades i can choose my trades very carefully and only take the "A-grade trades".

ps. Did you know you could have 90% winning trades and still loose money in forex. You make 9 winning trades out of 10 attemps. And in each trade you make 20 pips (9 X 20 pips = 180 pips) BUT you put your stop loss 200 pips away on each trade. So if your stop loss gets hit only once then you have lost 20 pips (200 stop loss - 180 winning trades = -20 pips). Ok i know i have stretched the 200 pip stop loss to illustrate my point but i am sure you get the idea Always try and make at least double the pips you risk on any given trade.

And this is one of the main reasons why most traders dont make money in forex. Yes they make lots of winning trades but their risk (stop losses) kill them.

--- 帖子 #600 ---
This is very dangerous and irresponsible advice that you are giving. Even if you think you are trading without stop losses you actually are......your account is your stop loss. Once you get a margin call then you know your stop loss has been hit.

--- 帖子 #601 ---
I won't tolerate this anymore You're hijacking this thread

Consider yourself warned

Peace

--- 帖子 #602 ---
This stops rigth here

no more talks about money management  R/R and the like.

People let's get back on the subject

Peace

--- 帖子 #603 ---
I agree with Feb. Speaking for myself , all I want is to read and write naked. At this point I will refrain from dedicating myself to heart transplants and missile technology.

Maybe I should get a life, but this weekend I am really enjoying myself. I started reading this thread Friday night, and I am done. One of my most productive weekends. Feb, Leighsww, Green and all the rest, thank you for enlightening a redneck like myself. Feb, please keep policing the thread with or without the Jacob's Creek. You are doing a great job.

--- 帖子 #604 ---
Dear Feb2865, I totally agree. This thread is dedicated to have a better understanding of price action and not brokers, MM, risk or the like. There is plenty of websites and forums for that.

For me, it is so precious that traders of the quality of Feb2865 has decided to open a thread to share with us his great insight of the markets that he trade. For that reason, I dont want to see this thread diluted and even worse, Feb2865 being bored with the lack of discipline of some posters.

Please all, respect the will of Feb2865 as it is his thread.

Thank all for your understanding

Sincerely

Shreem

--- 帖子 #605 ---
I agree.

Lets get back to the business of trading....naked.

--- 帖子 #606 ---
Were you the one watching me during my scalping days?

Clockwork

--- 帖子 #607 ---
fti ...

Thank you for all you have shared with us , but feb is the creator and Facilitator of this thread so his requests we must respect and adhere to.

Your experience and expertise can definitely be of much help and value to many people, but probably more advanced traders (and many of us newer traders will in time become that), so please don't leave the forums altogether, but create a new thread of your own, and restart/continue your discussion there.

Your info was fascinating and I'm sure so many more experienced/seasoned traders would find your discussions enlightening.

At some point in time, when I have mastered feb's method and have become seasoned enough to add more info to my repertoire, I will visit your thread to learn more about what you have to offer.

I am keeping that 'open mind'

Again, thank you for your initial good intentions to contribute to us, and best wishes to you in your retirement

--- 帖子 #608 ---
I think he is just way out of our league, ian, cuz his posts do make sense due to his knowledge/experience of the behind the scenes workings of the bank traders, etc., so he's more used to big players who have the capital and experience to trade with the methods the big guys use.

We littler guys, until such time, can't do so, so we stick with feb's (or your own) strategy of SL

-----

Okay, that's all I have to say about that and will respect the wishes of most here and stick with the subject of the original topic.

Sorry, if I have veered in any way on any of the discussions.

I am still, and always have, been committed to feb's method and that has never changed for me.

alcastro - are you TRULY naked now? Let's see your charts, cuz earlier ownshook caught you with much clothes on, lol. If you call that naked, sheesh, I hate to see you when you are fully clothed, haha! :

--- 帖子 #609 ---
Leigh,

I live in canada. And at this time of the year being naked means having only one layer of clothing!!! So....yes..I am naked in canadianspeak.

--- 帖子 #610 ---
Hmmm, if we can't have some FUN between the serious discussions, then I'm afraid that this thread for me I will have to just watch then and not participate, because I will have a hard time of it, lol :

But, to be honest ...

In my relationship with my husband, the reason we have such a GREAT relationship and successful marriage, is because not only do we respect and enhance each other's strengths, and support/encourage the strengthening of each other's weaknesses, we can still have FUN with each other the many years we've been married. Heck, as old as we are, we even playfully wrestle on the bed (oops, too much information ).

To me, the reason why relationships fail is due to couple's losing their sense-of-humors with each other and not having the fun along with the serious stuff.

And that analogy may seem to not have anything to do with trading, but EVERYTHING is related to each other ... life in general follows patterns, just like the price action. How you participate and behave in life, is most likely how you participate and behave in your trading, your occupation, your business, what-have-you!

* edited - It's all about ... BALANCE!!

Anyway, okay if you guys need to be only serious in this thread then I will respect that, but boy will that be a practice in restraint for me, haha http://leighswishingwell.com/lp/emotes/shutup3.gif

Okay, so be it ... I will only contribute when I have something serious to say on the subject of this thread. I'll have to have FUN alone (with Poocher and WHTenn) in my journal :

My sincerest and heartfelt apologies to all for putting up with my inane banter

--- 帖子 #611 ---
Hello to all...I have been a "stealth" reader/participant since this thread begun. Feb, my thanks for all your guidance/wisdom in trading...it has helped me tremendously.
Leigh..you've got it right, referring to your last post, having fun. While I have not been trading for that long, I am experienced in other fields where the intensity of the occupation is sever one, and must have an outlet. Having fun/being playful is the best outlet there is to relieve the stress. Also it is a good way to insure a marriage for life.
If one concentrates on trading only, constantly without a little relief, r errors can and will creep in, so to all who can't bend a little, even on a thread, my condolences.

--- 帖子 #612 ---
Hey feb... contact smjones... he'll clean this thread up for ya...

--- 帖子 #613 ---
Thanks. I'll contact him.

Peace

--- 帖子 #614 ---
Thanks

Feel yourself at home here.

Peace

--- 帖子 #615 ---
Hi  leighsww, Green_David, feb and all

I've cleaned up all my postings.

sorry to have intruded.

@ leighsww,

I am sorry that I cannot return your PM, am still restricted after a ban recovery by the moderator. What you mentioned is not necessary.

Good fortune

goodbye

regards

--- 帖子 #616 ---
Hmmmm, but I want to email you your posts, because I feel it would be such a waste for it to be zapped without you at least having a copy of them after all the hard work you put into it.

You can then start your own thread and use some of what you already posted here.

There are some (like TPO) who want to still benefit from it, and although you have to clean up the copies (to remove stuff only pertaining to this thread), I feel you won't have to rewrite all the info again from scratch.

Can a Moderator, please just for this one thing, let him be able to post me a PM so he can give me his email addy so I can send him the file with his posts. None of the modes (PM nor email) through this forum allows me to send him an attachment.

You can then put back his status once I have done so. It would be so appreciated!

* edited - Okay, nevermind. I have figured a way around this to get him the file.

--- 帖子 #617 ---
I have one last thing to say for now : (because it seems that this thread just died real fast, lol) ...

feb has given us all the info we need on his method and price action along with the help of Trader_V and Mr Trend (for his trend reading and spotting possible reversals in one of his posts), as well as others who have contributed to help us gain better knowledge of PA and naked charts.

If after ALL this you STILL are unsure of what the heck to do, then you had better go back to the begining of this thread and read it ALL OVER again and read it CAREFULLY and THOROUGHLY this time!

There's nothing else that I can see, can be discussed very much more, except posting our trades, sharing a spotting of a possible bus about to arrive, etc.

We have a method, it's a simple one, and the closest to a mechanical one that I can deduce. Without having to go the advanced route of learning to "count cards", that's all there is, that I can tell, otherwise it would have been shared by feb and others, already.

This thread, for me, was a wonderful community/family, because of the interaction of all of us, serious and fun combined.

I enjoyed reading even Antra's little, "hehehe" post. Did that have anything pertaining to PA? Nope, but it gave me a little chuckle and I valued it none-the-less!

I am now, even wondering, if I can even be able to post a "thank you" to people who are contributing or saying something I thought beneficial, because people are going to feel like it's cluttering up this thread.

I dunno, I feel that this thread will lose its synergy and sense of community/family, if we only have to be totally anal-retentive and that's all we can be :

Anyway, I am sorry that some of you cannot see the value in that when lightening up, having FUN, and even sometimes exchanging certain philosophies ... it can actually help us to become good, disciplined and successful traders.

Because like I said ... it's all RELATED, and it's all about BALANCE!!

*edited - But I agree, that we should keep it down to a minimum (and I will try to do that, lol).

Okay, I'm done (for now, haha)

Unfortunately, after today's open, we are still needing to wait for the bus!

--- 帖子 #618 ---
Man I leave you guys alone for a couple days and your at each others throats...lol

Ok I will provide this final update and may just become a lurker in this thread rather than a poster.  I respect Feb's thread and his methods and do not wish to interfere with what he has started here.

So here you go.  The quote belw was the last status of the trade on Friday.  I closed my trade at 110.80 which gave me +35 pips.  Reasons for the exit were due to the momentum at which prices were moving upwards and thefact that I did not want to be in a position at market open Oon Sunday.

Notice also how I talked about the market posibly showing a reaction the the reisitance level and a possible continuation to the downwad movement.  Now take a look at the curent chart in your platform and you will see the long wicks left by Friadays action.

So from here I look for another place to enter either the same pair if the market shows its cards and I will look for other opportunities to trade as well.

Well that's it folks.  I want to thank everyone for their contributions to this thread.  It contains so much valuable informaion for new taders coming on the scene.

I shall not abondon you folks but will be watching from the sidelines.

Good trades to all and to all a good night.

Cheers,

Trader_V

--- 帖子 #619 ---
Leighs

The thread don't have to die necessarily. I really apologize to be hard on the situation but you must understand, we must have some discipline. If look some other threads, you'll find that they end up in a completely opposite direction of what the author intended. I am personally avoiding some other subjects like correlations etc so we can keep the integrity of this thread in shape.

Peace

--- 帖子 #620 ---
I totally understand your reasons for keeping this thread intact with your method. That I can totally agree with. That's not what I was referring to in my above posts.

I mainly was referring to us being able to have some light-hearted banter, whilst learning and waiting for trades.

But, again, I will respect whatever you wish, if you don't feel that our light-hearted banter is appropriate, as well, then that's fine.

You're the boss (but, dang, you were the one who brought up Mr. Shiraz!!!!

--- 帖子 #621 ---
Seems more and bigger "communications" going on last night.

I agree with you, Feb.

The trading topics shall not be too diverse. In a public forum, even in company meetings, it is a phenomenon.

Wish you all the best. And I wish I make friends with all of you.

P.S. Traders are really very very lonely. Sometimes they really need to talk or communicate with other traders in the forum (not friends or wives/husbands, because they don't understand.), because the market which we are working with/against, will neither listen or talk to us. There are also some occasions which arouses a trader really wants to share or to express some of previous experiences or ideas. So, Feb, please forgive.

--- 帖子 #622 ---
Hey Trader V

Please don't be a stranger to this thread. I had to sift through the last 5 pages of this thread to find the good information from you main guys.

Too make matters worse the hijackers didn't even throw in at least one chart. Man I hate reading for ages and not being rewarded with a chart. hehe nah I'm serious.

V I find it invaluable info to be able to observe a trader's actions(plan) from the beginning to the end of a trade. Most traders that show their entry and exit on this forum don't really show the whole picture of a trade. You want to be able as a learner to know what PA analysis is going on during the trade for example momentum, speed or slowing down around key support /resistance levels etc and what a seasoned trader decides to do when these things occur.(Getting inside their mind I think is the proper term)

So again please to the main guys you know who you are stick around and share the wealth of your knowledge.(A little charity never hurt anyone)

thanks

p.s I better put this in I'm not ungrateful for the general banter hell we want to make this a fun learning experience too, i was referring to the mine is bigger than yours posts going on recently.

--- 帖子 #623 ---
ok Maybe there's a little misunderstanding here

I mean, we don't have to be all rigid about trading. I had personally share some personal stuff, after all we're human you know. But I won't allow someone like fti come to this thread and take the whole thing out of perspective.  I answered this person as I felt compelled to what is stated in some of the posts. But at the end I was clear that we must continue. Then I gave a fair warning and I was completely ignored. There's some people here who are willing to learn about price and this kind of mumbo-jumbo it's totally out of context and many of the content of fti thread was nothing but a show-off -I- know- more- than -you kind of thing. Don't get suckered into this type of stuff. Be wise.

I don't mind I should say, it's beneficial if occasionally we place a joke or share some thought, as I said we're humans.

Let's get real, many traders are struggling outhere  for years. What's the use of analyzing market structure, balancing etc, if at the end you will still be  like a deer in the headlights?? You guys are in this for the money. That's it. The goal is to be profitable consistently.  In my humble opinion and experience, reading price is the foundation of what will take you to be in the dark into the light. But you should stay focus and be disciplined.

There's plenty of people outhere trying to tell you where to run. I can go as  much complicated as this fti was, even deeper than that. Of course you'll be lured into my predicament in such a way that you'll be at my mercy. In my hidden agenda I have $$$$ that will be taken out of your pocket. I might go as far as as giving you my e-mail, setting up a chat room etc. and I assure you I'll pack plenty of greens in no time. But  In my case, I don't need any of that. Trading has been good to me.

Don't let people like this fool you. Be smart.

I am always here to help.

Peace

--- 帖子 #624 ---
listen, I know some people have felt a little heat coming form me. I sincerely apologize from the bottom of my heart. Au contrarie, let's get to know each other more and share our experiences. As David said, trading gets lonely. Please don't blame me for trying to keep this thread in check.

I try as much as I can to greet new posters in this thread. But hijacking a thread is not polite and  not beneficial for people who are looking very deep into the meaning of the process.

Let's make a difference and create a community in where you can express you doubts and concerns without hesitation. Trading should be simple but when comes down to your first(for some of course) live trade it becomes hard. There's plenty of frustration in this business, even for experience traders.

Peace

--- 帖子 #625 ---
Sorry I couln't help myself I had to post! It's like an adiction or something...lol

This is very well stated Feb. Reminds me of another guy who started a thread called 25/50 or something like that.

But I could not have said this better myself. Nicely done!

--- 帖子 #626 ---
Trader V

I think your charts and trade placement are spot on. I even try not to make comments on your post so your message comes across pure. I don't trade like you but I must definitely agree with you observations.

Keep them coming!!!

Peace

--- 帖子 #627 ---
By the way leighs, my girlfriend laughed to death when she saw me posting about poker and  you were talking about black jack Silly me!!! I am definitely a noob when it comes down to cards

I will probably have to hire you to teach me some tricks!!!!

Peace

--- 帖子 #628 ---
To be honest ... I did not see his posts as showing off, nor did I feel it was mumbo-jumbo (haha, even if I didn't understand half of it :, but I did understand enough of it, to not judge it that way ).

I admit, he got a little defensive with his posting to Clockwork in trying to defend his honor. That is probably something that cost him some respect with people.

As far as hijacking this thread, he was answering a question that ownshook asked, as well as continued to do so with my questions and David's.

I believe he might not have come across your post warning him about his hijacking yet, when he posted his last post to David and ian.

Some people start responding to posts before reading the full thread to the end of where they left off after they first respond to questions asked of them.

Anyway, I am usually a pretty good judge of character from how people conduct themselves with how they post, and I did not sense anything negative or insincere about him.

I truly believe he is just way out of our league for many of us to understand his type/style of trading (which is the bank's style).

Again, I do agree that the topic was not conducive to the original topic of your thread, but again, he was just answering ownshook's question.

I am not one to be easily suckered by people. I normally have a keen sense about them. And I do think for myself

*edited - I was not about to change my methods based on his posts, I was merely fascinated by it. Like I said, he's in a league far out of our range that most cannot trade or even begin to think like him.

Like I said before, I do not follow anybody blindly. How one conducts themselves tells a lot to their story.

feb, this is your thread, and what you say goes ... but I had to say this one last thing about fti because I truly did not believe he was being judged fairly. That's all.

Okay, back to our regular programming

--- 帖子 #629 ---
Hey all!!

Okay I know Feb said he's been laying off the inter market relationships  but I've been digging around and think we can still use this info to help give us an edge. I would like to share what I have found.  Please don't take my word for it investigate, find a free charting package and compare the similarities(corrrelations) to the currency pair on your charts.   Maybe even share what you find because I'm still trying to understand this too.

us/chf = TNX CBOE 10-Year Treasury Yield Index (INDEX)

us/jpy= YUK Ise Fx Yen Index (INDEX)

us/jpy=  SPY SPDR S&P 500 ETF

gbp/us= BP Bp Plc (NYSE)
gpb/us = XDB Currency Exchange Rate US $ (INDEX)

okay that should be enough to keep people busy. Again I understand if we only stick to fractuals and PA in this thread. It's just Feb opened a door for us and I walked in and was amazed to see what was on the other side. Again please share anything you find if you decide to walk through the door.

thanks

p.s. just type the code in bold letters into the charting package
-Year Treasury Yield Index (INDEX)

--- 帖子 #630 ---
LOL, well let's not talk about you taking up BlackJack until you're close to destitute :

--- 帖子 #631 ---
...which to be clear...was a question about r/r ratio which in my opinion was very conducive to this thread entitled "The System". In my opinion, a system encompasses many things including r/r and I thought Feb would have some input to that in relation to what he his teaching in this thread.

There are some items Feb has highlighted that he said would be better served in another thread...I thought perhaps this was one of them. R/R appears not to be something Feb considers in the way I have been exposed to.  Curiosity appears to have its drawbacks.

--- 帖子 #632 ---
Oh my, I meant no offense to you, ownshook

I was merely trying to say that fti was only responding his viewpoint on a question you had asked. I just thought it was unfair that everyone jumped on him, that's all.

I truly apologize. That sentence probably didn't come off the way I meant it, lol. It was no means intended to put blame on you. I was just agreeing with what everyone was saying about it wasn't in line with this thread. That's all.

Oh boy, I think I will shut up for now, too, haha :

--- 帖子 #633 ---
Good morning to everyone.

I also enjoy this thread. I am all about price action. It reminds me a lot of James16.

I agree with Feb's principles. It is the way to go.

I hope Feb doesnt mind me throwing in a few charts, in which i use Pivot Points to place stop losses and take profit targets? If so let me know.

In the mean time have a look at gbp/usd for today. My stop loss is 20 pips under daily pivot. my 1st take profit target is weekly pivot point. My 2nd target is monthly pivot point.

My entry points are the V-formation described by Feb.

--- 帖子 #634 ---
For what it`s worth I have been posting at FF for near three years and I agree totally with Feb.

90% of the trading ideas presented on these forums are diluted down to tweeked mutilation of the former systems within a couple of weeks.

I sense that Feb has something he knows works ,been around long enough to see what happens to "tweek freindly threads" and smart enough to nip it in the bud. (Excluding trader v of course who`s ideas I think we all feel totally compliment Febs)

There are pleanty of other threads that will welcome those who need to add bells and whistles.

--- 帖子 #635 ---
It is good to know that we are back to trading.

Idon't see any setups yet. Ver rangy market in the dailies. One candle up, the next one down. Hmmmmm...very indecisive market.

These are the times when scalpers flourish.

I will wait for a fractal confirmation...so no action for me.

Take care everybody.

--- 帖子 #636 ---
Feb,  Thank you for the kind words.  After reading this post and other posts from the thread members and receiving a PM from Antra as well, clearly we have something worth keeping up so post on we shall.  I have to say I have read a ton of stuff here in FF but have never really posted until I came across James16 and now your thread.

So let's get to it shall we!  There is plenty of folks hungry for info

--- 帖子 #637 ---
iandekoker,

I think I speak for all of us when I say different strokes for different folks  If Pivot Points are what work for you then so be it. Jst because Feb nor I utilize them does not mean that your mention of them is not valid or does not have value. They may fit the style of new traders who visit this thread.

As for your GBP trade:

I see what you are looking at but let me show you what I see. I am not saying you are wrong I just want to share how the chart looks through my eyes so we can have mutple views on things.

I have lised on this chart the peaks and throughs that exist. You can see the highest swing point in the Red box. this is the begining of either a correction or a trend reversal. Rmember the shorter TF's i.e. 4H make up what you enventually see on the Daily do weekly charts.

So I would not be looking to long this maket right now. In fact this is where I would be looking to short. Until Peak 2 is taken out to confirm the trend continuation I would be bearish at this point.

Again these are just my observtions. It is our differences of opionion about where the market is headed that make up the Bulls and the Bears

--- 帖子 #638 ---
I agree 100% . wlecome to the club iandekoker!!!!!

--- 帖子 #639 ---
If you look at the beginning of this thread - post # 2 I have some S/R lines in various areas of consolidation.

This is a chart of EUR/USD. It's been forming a coil I believe since 11/14/2007 . At time I am posting is around 9:00 AM so I really don't know what could be the end of day for this pair. Anyway, I formed a box. Obviously the market is going to break that box and push the price somewhere.

My question to all of you is......

How would you play this box?????

Peace

--- 帖子 #640 ---
Ok I have enclosed the same box here but have zoomed in for a closer look.

This is how I play with the box.  Looking at the daily and even the 4H there seems to be more wicks to the top rather than the bottom which indicates selling pressure.  I this may break to the downside.  Bit when it's rangin like this my bias don't mean squat so I have to keep my eyes open for both sides.

If prices head south I would need to see a break below the prices in the lowr yellow box.  Then a retracement and then a continuation with an entry similar to that shown by the Megenta line.

If prices break to the upside I would look for the same thing.

So why would I do this?

Because everyone is looking at the same thing which means there will most likey be a false breakout.  This is whee traders are slaughtered at the market.  The false breakout triggers trades placed in these areas above and below the box.  Then when the prices trade back into the box traders panic and exit with a loss.

So I wait for the breakout, a retracement and then a continuation to confirm the movement.

If prices do not retrace then continue well that's just a crying shame and I will have to catch the next ride.

Just my take on how I do it.

Let's se what you other folks have to say.

--- 帖子 #641 ---
Ok i see what you mean and i cannot disagree with your analysis.

The market needs to take out the 2.0585 level first before we can go long. If that doesnt happen then we are heading back to 2.0361 level and even lower.

--- 帖子 #642 ---
OK, take your exam. So, if I am aggressive, when E/U breaks 1.4707, then I will long, S/L 1.4575, if breaks 1.4595(better at 1.4580), then I will short, S/L 1.4727.

Right?

Peace to you also.

--- 帖子 #643 ---
Take your quiz too.

While your method follows 1-2-3 method based on daily chart. If E/U did break out your box and retraced back to some limit without destroying trend, then you entered. What about, if E/U continues but stop at the previous resistance (the price it starts to retrace)? Do you think that is no possible?

And, in your chart about G/U, why not we enter if G/U breaks peak #3? in my opinion, the down trend has been broken if this peak was broken up. Since we don't know foresight if that is a retracement to down-trend since Nov. 1, or will continue bigger timeframe up[-trend.

Thank you very much.

--- 帖子 #644 ---
Any more takers??

Common'  you out in the woods!!!!!you can express your opinions. This is a great community and we're here to learn from  each other.

Peace

PD: as much as I want to comment I have to bite my tongue for now. LOL

--- 帖子 #645 ---
i like to get the bigger picture first. So if i look at the weekly charts then the spinning top tells me that it would not be wise to go long.

So then i would go down to daily charts and see where i can get short. I see 2 possible short oppertunities. One is a bit risky as you would go short as soon as yellow trendline gets broken to the downside. The other trade is a bit safer but you give up a few pips. But you know that is would be an A-grade trade since you price has broken out of the box.

--- 帖子 #646 ---
Hi Feb and everybody.

This is my answer to your question. I'd rather let the market show me the way

first, before I commit any $$$ in any trade.

Henry

--- 帖子 #647 ---
Hello Feb2865, Trader_V and all, here is my thought on the future playout of EUR/USD.

Please note that I am far less experienced than both of you so feel free to comment on it if you see anything unsound in my thinking.

In fact, I so much like this thread that I have copy it on word and also made another word file with all important points of both of you and others as I am in process of devising a trading plan based on this great methodology.

Anyway, as I see it, the Euro is still in an up-trade so the best bet with regard of a high probabilty trade is concerned is to get to the long side. There is 2 ways to make it:

1) If Euro retraces to the region of 1.4400 - 1.4500 and it gives a nice V formation afterward, I will be watching to get long in that area using the 4 hour (to get a discount as Feb2865 mentionned). The 123 formation of Trader_V can be used there also.

2) If price brake the upper resistance line, I will wait for a retracement inside the box and will wait for another nice V formation with fractal to get long.

As you see, the key point transpiring in my though is patience and discipline to sit on my hands and not chase the market and wait for the high probability setup.

I really like this thread and want to thank both of you for the time that you take in share your great insght on the market.

P.S. I really like the interection of both of you as both of your approach give a great synergy and are truly complementary.

Thank again for your time and effort from the bottom of my heart.

Sincerely

Shreem

--- 帖子 #648 ---
Let the candles point the way....

A break of the 1.4753 area on the daily...would see me go to a 4 hour looking for a retrace to the now support line...look for a continuation pattern or buy above an inside bar....

Reverse is true for a break to the downside.

That would be my action on this and thank you for your time.

--- 帖子 #649 ---
Hi David,

Thanks for the questions.

Could you please post a chart explaining your question to the E/U pair?

As for the GBP yes you could very well go long on a break of Peak 3. providing that the lowest swing low had not been broken. I also want to draw your attention to the magenta line that shows where previous support has now become resistance. This is yet another reason why I think it will go lower in the near term.

If peak 3 were broken and a long position taken I would express caution as peak 2 was being approached.

Good questions and good analysis.

Thanks!

edit - forgot to add the stinking chart...duh

--- 帖子 #650 ---
I dont' know if anyone is watching it but....

If you remember my analysis from last week on this pair and my trade take a look at what it's doing now.  This is an example of how learning price action can really help improve your trading.

Cheers!

--- 帖子 #651 ---
Here's my take on how I will play the EUR/USD ...

Like ian, I would have to take a peek at the Weekly chart to get a bigger picture.

Since the Weekly chart has a Fractal and two candlesticks that haven't broken it yet, it's telling me to be cautious for a possible retracement.

On the Daily, a 2nd Fractal has been created (ORANGE arrow), so for me, it nullifies the first V-Formation Fractal (GREEN arrow), thus I wait for the 2nd Fractal to form the V-Formation setup ... so I further sit waiting for the bus.

Now, let's say that in the next day (or whenever the 3rd candle forms) the V-Formation criteria is met (3rd candle breaks previous candle's high), because the Weekly is showing what it is, it could turn to the downside pretty quickly.

However, I'm trading mechanically on the V-Formation setup, so once the V-Formation criteria is met, I am going to enter a position at some point (meaning, wait for a discount on the 4hr, or get in a the best price at the time if it doesn't look like the 4hr is going to give me that discount).

*edited - I should mention and add (regarding the above paragraph) ... granted my SL isn't more than 100 pips from entry point. If I can't get in with a 100 pip SL (although 50 pips would be better, due to what I am about to explain below), I won't enter. That's the most I will risk on this particular trade due to the Weekly chart.

Okay, so because this bus may have a flat tire at any time, I don't know, I can't actually predict the future (well, not yet anyway, I still haven't opened that psychic center , but the Weekly is sure giving some warnings to be cautious, so here's what my strategy is ...

Remember I previously mentioned that I will be doing that "revolving" position? Not only does a "revolving" position benefit for banking some shorter-term profits within the longer-term movement, but it's also going to (hopefully) provide me some amount of safeguard in case of a sudden retracement (such as the Weekly might be indicating).

So, I enter my position when the V-Formation criteria is met, then I will TP of 1/2 my position at a fixed 50 or so pips (I will keep my eye on the 4hr to gauge this, but from studying the 4hr charts, 50 pips hit pretty frequently).

My other half of my original position is still riding the trend, gathering pips. I then wait for another V-Formation to enter another "revolving" position (if one presents itself - * edited: although, I might use the 4hr charts for the "revolving" position, I'll have to test this).

If it looks like the trend is taking a turn, then my 4hr should show that pretty clearly and I will exit all positions then.

So, anyway, this is my strategy/plan for how I will be working my trades.

For now, E/U is clearly in a consolidation, so must watch tumbleweeds and wait, wait, wait for the bus ...

--- 帖子 #652 ---
V

could you bring the link upfront here  from that analysis please??

If you could explain between then and now will be nice

Peace

--- 帖子 #653 ---
If you feel less experience, I have to say, with this analysis you just made,  you're in a right path. That will naturally build a self-confidence on your further analysis.

Peace

--- 帖子 #654 ---
Sure thing my friend.

Here is the series of posts I made for the USD/JPY

Post # 349 Daily Chart view
http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...&postcount=349

Post # 350 4H Chart view and entry
http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...&postcount=350

Post # 467 Analysis and trade followup with Word Doc
http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...&postcount=467

Post # 506 Trade follow up and anaylisys
http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...&postcount=506

Post # 619 Final update

So here you go. The quote belw was the last status of the trade on Friday. I closed my trade at 110.80 which gave me +35 pips. Reasons for the exit were due to the momentum at which prices were moving upwards and thefact that I did not want to be in a position at market open Oon Sunday.

Notice also how I talked about the market posibly showing a reaction the the reisitance level and a possible continuation to the downwad movement. Now take a look at the curent chart in your platform and you will see the long wicks left by Friadays action.

So from here I look for another place to enter either the same pair if the market shows its cards and I will look for other opportunities to trade as well.

There you go that is the whole trade history.

I hope it helps some of you folks in some small way

--- 帖子 #655 ---
Hello Dear Feb2865, thank for the nice comment. I am sure that by following this thread closely and absorbing as much as I can that I will build my confidence. I have a good understanding of the basic of forex about candlestick, pivot, fibos, trendline, chart patterns and others.

However, even after 2 years of trading, I am still a total rookee about having a trading plan and consistently following it.

That is why I am so happy to have found this thread and the way you and Trader_V analyse the market. It really give me the extra boost that I needed to put my pants and begin to dissect a trading plan, be patient and consistently and methodically follow my plan without deviation.

I feel very much obliged to both of you and to others great posters of this thread and I will definitely pay the price with great pleasure of your 1st post of this thread.

Sincerely

Shreem

--- 帖子 #656 ---
Thanks for you reply.  Forget the questions about E/U, I made it over complicated.

BTW, U/J is 109.7 now, suppose you didn't close your short position, there would be 100 pips more. Yesterday I shorted E/J at 162.12 after +56 pips profit, I closed it. Now it is 160.92.

Sometimes, I am wondering it seems that if I am willing give back more, the market will reward me more.

--- 帖子 #657 ---
LOL, David, here's how I look at it ... never look back on what you could have made. Always look at it as, you made the best decision for the situation at the time.

Looking back at the "could haves, should haves, would haves" only leads to despair and beating yourself up, lol.

If we come from abundance ("no problem, there will be lots more to come") rather than scarcity ("dang, I left too much on the table"), then our future trades will pocket us many more pips

So, yes, your attitude is the right attitude ... but you don't have to do it on purpose :, lol!

--- 帖子 #658 ---
Actually I am back in on the U/J and up 107 no 108 no 106 stupid thing keeps fluctuating...lol  BUt Shhhhhh.....  Don't tell anyone.

The same bar that caused me to get out of the trade provided a hint to get back into the trade.

HOWEVER, I did not want to get into that here because I really don't want to confuse anyone this early on.  Feb has a plan for how he wants to present price action in this thread and to be honest everyone who is following this thread should only be concerned at getting really really good with this part of the trading methodology before adding on the additional trading methods.

Trust me learning just this one methodology can provide you with an amazing trading experience if you give it a real chance and put in the real effort to learn it which you folks here are clearly doing.

Nice trade on the E/J by the way.  Would you mind sharing your example here in the thread for all to see?

Put up a chart that shows your reasoning and your plan for managing the trade.

--- 帖子 #659 ---
Thank you.

I opened E/J short positions using the same method as yours, i.e. 1-2-3, but mine is based on 1H or 15m time frame. I closed because I lost patience and doubted a double bottom on 1H may be formed.

Just as you said, I am here to learn Feb's and your long-term trading based on 4H an daily. So, I'd better not post the chart since it is different than Feb's idea in terms of time frame. (You may check: around GMT+4 Nov. 19, there was a valid 1-2-3 formation on 1H chart.)

It is a kind of day-trading. Better not get other people confused. Sorry, sir.

--- 帖子 #660 ---
Well guys I have to say that I am impressed with your comprehensive analysis.

I was reading carefully to all of your post and I find some common words

1)Retrace

2) wait

maybe on different tune's but you're very much aligned. Some of you went higher to a weekly charts, which is completely valid.

Seems like we have made a collective(unbiased) plan going on don't you think??

Peace

--- 帖子 #661 ---
thanks for your answer but i have another question if you dont mind.

in the attached chart would you consider this as a fractal??? because there is only one bearish bar then the bullish bars continue, it doesnt look like a V but its some kind of retracement. should there be a minimum amount of retracement bars to look for before the main trend continues??

thanks

--- 帖子 #662 ---
I have been implementing this into my projections of Price Action as taught by James16, and have to say this is a NICE addition.

(My 1-2-3 trades have all been on Forex Tester, as there really hasn't been too much to get excited about so far this last few days.)

Actually, that brings me to my next point. I have noticed that the trades that I have taken have been kinda rough this last few days, mainly because there haven't been any great big swings like this system asks for. I have been fortunate enough to only lose .1% of my account total, which is nothing to worry about, and I am still up this month. But....I see that the market is so whippy right now, we might not see many nice set ups. (Bad dog Clockwork.....)

I would like to let the new guys know this is alright. In fact, if you can learn not to trade during times that are so chaotic, you are learning. Learning NOT to trade is just as important. (I swear I know this.)

A trend is what is needed for this, which my impression of the trend in the markets is this:

**** Tokyo 11 PM EST Tuesday Night ****

(Bloomberg) Someone from China has again questioned the wisdom of having the US Dollar in the Chinese Central Bank's reserves. In fact, this rather important man, who by the way, sets absolutely no monetary policy, was quoted as questioning the dollar's "very existence."

Mr. X, we will call him, was quoted as saying, "The US Dollar, in my opinion, has no weight in international markets. I have heard of this thing called "Dollar", but have yet to actually see one."

The Yen rose as confused Tokyo traders unwound the carry trade. The USD/JPY pair was down to 2 at one point in the evening. It has since rebounded after trader's realized the above quoted man was simply a tourist in town from Beijing. (At the time of this post, the pair is down 12 pips for the session.)

GBP/CHF took a similar hit this evening, as it was announced that Lindsay Lohan has once again been arrested for DUI.

"This can't be good for the Swissy, not at all."

This was a quote from a man running a Danish bank that has recently given him a 2.2 Billion Zimbabwe Dollars for losing 23 Trillion in the sub-prime debacle, as well as the Furry Squirrels Futures beginning to trade at the CBOT.

This is what reading news seems like these days. Thank God I am getting married next weekend, and aren't allowed to spend too much time with this right now. Julie seems to think I need to help for some reason, odd really.

Thank you again for the thread Feb, as I think this could be the missing ingredient in my trading "system".

Clockwork

--- 帖子 #663 ---
My hands are hurting....so long have I been sitting on them. This market continues to range...and FEB's excellent exercise validates the wait and hold position.

But I was looking at the US/JP. If I was trading it mechanically, I should have jumped into this trade as soon as it went lower than the second lowest bar after the fractal (that is below 109.77). But there is support at 109.26. What would you have done FEB?  Given the way this market is behaving I'd wait until the support is broken (ala Trader_V method), but if I was Leigh I'd be already in.

What are your thoughts?

--- 帖子 #664 ---
Unfortunately, I can't trade USD/JPY when the trend is to the downside, because my broker's rollover premium is -8.66%, lol.

I'm only picking currency pairs where there's a positive rollover premium or at least a decent negative premium. Even if EUR/USD will be negative premium for me (-3.45%), it's a lot more feasible than USD/JPY :

alcastro ... I swear, you're putting more Canadian clothes on by the minute :

--- 帖子 #665 ---
alcastro ... I swear, you're putting more Canadian clothes on by the minute :[/quote]

I knew you were going to refer to my elegant Canadian parka. Don't worry. I don't use the lower part of my clothing. It is just there. The EMA's are support and resistance. And I only make my trading decisions when i am without any clothing....shivering ....brrrrrrrrrrr

--- 帖子 #666 ---
But back to my original question...would you have jumped in the US/JP trade IF the swap was positive?

--- 帖子 #667 ---
Taking a look at all my charts ... yup, I guess I would have had to.

The GREEN arrow is the candle I would have had to enter on, since it broke through the previous candle's low.

--- 帖子 #668 ---
Wow Awesome work guys love the charts I really do.

Trader V yes that trade on the us/jpy is really turning into a winner. If we see a break below the swing low at around 109.00 things should really get interesting.

Ok here is my take on the EURO/US. It's very similar to a few of you guys, the only thing is that I don't trade against the trend meaning if my setup doesn't happen to the upside I have to sit on the fence even longer.

I'm working off the 4hr chart for entry following the longer term  uptrend.

This thread is really picking up steam guys and gals, pats on the back all round.

--- 帖子 #669 ---
But if you missed the entry already, alcastro, look at the 4hr chart ... it looks to me like it could go into a consolidation.

--- 帖子 #670 ---
Yep. I am waiting......all the pairs that i trade are ranging. We need a tectonic movement to shake things a little.

--- 帖子 #671 ---
-8.66%? Well, seems you were robbed.

But did you transfer the -8.66% to pips? I would be easy to calculate the real cost of carry. For my platform, it is about 2 pips a day.

--- 帖子 #672 ---
David, do you wanna get scolded by others regarding going off-topic, lol? :

* edited - I had to let alcastro know why I couldn't trade USD/JPY, so that's the only reason why I had to bring it up, but we shouldn't be continuing discussion about it, lol. But thanks for your post and concern anyway!!!

--- 帖子 #673 ---
Well. Maybe. But it is neither brother thing, nor showing-off thing. Just a suggestion to you. Because I used to be concerned for the roller interest, but if holding a short position for several days I can have several hundred pips who cares about 10 pips of carrying cost?

And due to always thinking roll-over costs, I had a bias to long only before. That cost me several thousand $.

So, what is the cost in terms of pips for your platform?

--- 帖子 #674 ---
David, let's take this to PM, so that you don't get scolded.

Meet me there, I tell you (I've actually had a post about the whole rollover thingy, so I'll link you to that ).

--- 帖子 #675 ---
Thanksgiving week is probably going to be a bit quiet.....maybe more hand sitting then?

--- 帖子 #676 ---
Try anything excluding the USD ... the rest of the world continues

--- 帖子 #677 ---
So, when E/U broke 1.4700, and 1.4725, did you have the guts to ride on immediately?

--- 帖子 #678 ---
Sometimes it is just too tempting to let a pin bar go by without acting on it.

You will come to realize i dont limit myself to only one way of trading. I love my candlestick formations. I like to play pin bars and inside bars. Also i love my fib retracements. I will always pay attention to them. Lastly i am all about my pivot points as you already know by now. And the V-formation is as solid as a rock.

Even if i didnt take the pin bar i would have entered on the v-formation.

I am aiming for 2.0819 as profit target level. So let's see how close i can get.

How do i know the price might make it up to this level? Well since we broke the daily pivot and weekly pivot i am looking for a long day. We flew past daily R1 and R2 as if it wasnt there. So now we are trading between R2 and R3 and that tells me we have a strong bull run.

For those who missed the trades wait for price to retrace back to weekly pivot and then go long again.

--- 帖子 #679 ---
Thank you for your analysis. As for Pivot Price, it = (H+L+C)/3 (so it is an average price that average high and low is half-weighted, and close price is half-weighted), right? But you have three pivot price, can you explain to me?

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #680 ---
yes ur formula is correct.

I have daily pivot, weekly pivot and monthly pivot. Those are my big areas that i watch out for because once price breaks daily pivot it will go to weekly pivot and once weekly pivot is broken it will go to monthly pivot.

The reason i use pivots is because it is the only incidator that has stood the test of time. It was used by floor traders long before computers were available and are still used by floor traders. So it tends to be a self fulfilling prophecy.

--- 帖子 #681 ---
And here the market gave you a good oppetunity to go long again at discount

--- 帖子 #682 ---
Thank you for your explanation.

--- 帖子 #683 ---
Here was a classic example of V-formation combined with candlestick formation combined with Pivot Points.

You would have done very well today if you knew where to enter and take profits.

Lemme walk you thru it.

First you had an oppertunity to go long once you saw the break of the v-formation. It was a very strong signal since it was also a candle close above the daily pivot point. And as you know a daily close above pivot point mean a long day (at least that is the theory)

Your first profit target would have been the daily R1.

Your second profit target would have been weekly pivot.

The close above weekly pivot gave signal that the market would continue higher, which it did.

Next profit target would have been R2.

Close above daily R2 signaled that market would attemp to make it to R3. If it doesnt get there then it would retrace back. Market failed to reach R3 on first attempt and retraced back to weekly pivot. This was a good oppertunity to go long again if you missed the whole initial move up. You would have entered once the pin bar that touched the weekly pivot was broken to the upside.

Once again market couldnt reach R3 at which point i was looking to go short again since i felt market was running out of steam.

Market then came down to monthly pivot and bounched off it. Then came back and broke thru. Then market tried to test weekly pivot but it failed in which case it then went back up and broke thru monthly pivot and then tested daily R3 which gave u another take profit oppertunity. It quickly bounched off daily R3.

Now i would be looking to go short. And ride the trade all the way back to daily pivot point

edit: as i am writing this there seems to be a good v-formation developing. So that is worth looking at

--- 帖子 #684 ---
Hello everyone,

As someone who has long since passed the hours of waiting for trades to setup by browsing FF, I finally felt compelled to register and contribute.

As an old dog, I am very amused by keeping count of the number of "next big thing" indicators and auto-trading algorithms that find their way onto forums.  Needless to say, most fizzle out with much less fanfare than when they arrived.

Speaking from my own experience, I'm so glad to see a thread appear that addresses the purity of trading.  It's great to see this being embraced so enthusiastically by contributers too!

I've been around the block a few times and, trust me guys, what Feb is getting you to look at is timeless.  It will apply just as much when he and I are dead and buried as it does today (assuming liquidity and volatility aren't somehow squeezed of course).  It gives me a lot of pleasure to see people being turned on to something that will actually assist their trading, their profitability and their analytical thinking rather than just clogging their screens with nonsense.

I bet some of you knew this already and just needed the push/encouragement to embrace it.  Whilst others might be surprised how straightforward (not simple - the nuances of effective price trading are complex and almost artistic) an effective trading ethos can be to learn.  If anyone is reading the thread and thinking "it can't be this easy, surely" - you bet it can!  Just don't tell everyone our secret as keeping large numbers occupied with bells and whistles "systems" suits us just fine

Feb - kudos to you for having the kindness of spirit to get this underway and to lovingly pull people back on track when focus wavers.  If my experience/thoughts can assist in any way I will of course contribute as time progresses.

I do think this can be built upon to eventually incorporate counter-trend trading and taking advantage of stop clusters, false breakouts etc but it's good that everything is being kept straightforward for the initial part of the journey.

I've not been in my office a lot lately but I'll go over my two most recent trades in my next post as the more practical examples the better I reckon.  (however Feb - if anything I post detracts from the message you want to be conveyed, please feel free to remove whatever you deem necessary).

Keep up the good work folks.  The posters in this thread are a real credit to it.

O N D

--- 帖子 #685 ---
Rock on OND... glad to see you registered. The more vets we have here on this forum the better it is...

--- 帖子 #686 ---
These are the last trade I have taken.  I'm posting it to add to the discussion about actual examples and it will demonstrate my thinking (free from indicators!).  Of course, examples also give others the chance to decide how they'd approach it differently and, hopefully, better.  My ego is snoozing so I'm not here to wow you with my trading expertise   I was going to post a couple of examples but the post will get too long.

Now, as I'm new here and not a computer whizz, I am not going to try and post attachments as I'm sure I'd get it spectacularly wrong and spend hours doing so!  If anyone is able to illustrate my points on my behalf with charts then great.

Trade 1 - Short E/J
I entered this at 18.41 CET on 15th November (I'm British but wintering in my 2nd home in warmer climes so I'll use European time).  Entry price was 162.03.  Clearly our data feeds and candle close times will all be slightly different but my entry was due to the heavy selling pressure that occured when price had climbed from 161.50 to 162.70.  I entered on the 4Hr chart and could see that lower peaks (think of fractals if easier) were starting to be formed after the failure around 163.70.  The daily bar for 14th was also showing me a clear rejection of the 164.20 area.  My initial stop was infact just above that previous day's high at 164.40.

So, my initial risk was around 240 ticks.  And my profit target was ... well, whatever the market gave me.  This is where there is a lot of argument amongst trading styles.  Some will say you must have a risk reward ratio of X or Y.  Personally, I do not view the market as something you can dictate to in that manner.  I accept the risk level that is appropriate to the price action and that my trading account and stomach can handle.  My intention is always to pull my stop in tighter as price action allows it and I did this with this trade.

Ok, price moved in my favour for the next 3 or 4 bars (4hr ones) and was now sitting at just above 160.50.  Clearly the mantra of "don't let your profits become a loss" is drilled into us and, with a floating profit of around 150 ticks you'd probably think me mad to do nothing.

That's just what I did though, and I didn't even move my stop at that point.  So, I was still risking 240 ticks - crazy huh?  Personally, I think it was the right decision at that point.  Each trade has to be managed in the context of the market action occuring and it was clear to me that there would either be another assault on the 159 area or a slow consolidation before another attempt at an up move.  This gave me the time to let the trade mature and guide me as to where it was headed.

Price then ran up as high as 163.20, giving me a floating loss of over 100 ticks before posting the lower high confirmation that it was ready to have another go at getting lower.  The 4Hr chart again demonstrated nice selling pressure. It ended the day of 19th Nov at around 160.90 and this was my warning that there might not be the appetite for that assualt on 159.  It was an inside bar and the market structure suggested a continuation of two-way price action (one day up, next one down etc).

I forgot to mention that my stop had been moved down to 163.30 by that point (just above the daily high for 16th Nov).

I thought it likely that there would have to be another test of the 16th Nov low before another push up and my limit order was therefore positioned at 160.50.  This was hit for a profit of 153 ticks and price only went as low as 160.41 before moving up again.

Clearly I could have taken my profits at the exact same price a few days previous but the context of the market was such that there was a good possibility of more profit available to me.  I fully appreciate this approach will not be for everyone but I prefer to never snatch at profits and to let the market guide me as to when I'm fighting a losing battle.  It's difficult to put down in words what years and years of watching price action gives you so apologies if I haven't been able to articulate my thinking completely successfully.  There is almost an intuition that develops but that is only through observation and recollection, not any great skills on my part.

Hopefully this has been of some use

O N D

--- 帖子 #687 ---
Excellent post OND on the intuitive part of reading price action in real time.

It's great that you've actually walked us through your thinking process of what you are seeing on the charts, not just the reversal candle itself but the events surrounding it. This was invaluable for me and i'm sure for others as well

--- 帖子 #688 ---
Finally a thread about raw price action.

I am a newbie, and I was considering that my MT4 is loaded with templates and set up that look really good as we are approcching Christmas: colours, special effect and sounds. I will read through the all thread (lucky as it is quite young) and I will start asking some questions once done.... watch out! Keep up the good work!

--- 帖子 #689 ---
I have my eyes om FOMC today

Let's see what happens

patience is the key

Peace

--- 帖子 #690 ---
Thanks OND

Feel at home !!!!! Your wisdom is very much needed in this world clustered with all kinds of bells and whistles

I must say I laughed when I saw your nick - old but not dead

Very clever.......

Peace

--- 帖子 #691 ---
Guys

There's something I will like to make clear. My bias for E/U is long. Actually is the pair I chose to trade. You can trade anything that feels comfortable to your eyes. Don't hesitate to pull some charts and explain what you're doing. Iandekoker is trading cable and I believe he has an edge. I mean, don't marry yourself to one market as I trade a bunch of other stuff like crude oil, natty, etc.

Peace

--- 帖子 #692 ---
Hello Dear OND, thank you very much for your great post. It is very inspiring and interesting as you walked us through your though process on this trade. A great lesson about "patience is the name of the game".

I just attach the daily and 4Hour charts so people can see it visually

Hope it help

Sincerely

Edit: down arrow on daily chart is to point out the selling pressure on november 14th 2007 and rejection fo the the 164.20 area as OND was speaking about.

Shreem

--- 帖子 #693 ---
Wow, what an awesome 2 posts, OND!!!

And THANKS for the visual chart samples, shreem!!!

* edited - Looking more closely at the chart ... so you did not enter on the V-Formation 3rd candle then? You entered on the 2nd candle?

--- 帖子 #694 ---
Wanted to post up a 4 hour of the usd/cad. The daily has butted up against resistance for the past few days and todays candle is telling me to take a look at the 4 hour.

At the resistance line...we have the start of a "V" formation. Given that the area has been tested a few times in the past...I will keep this on my watchlist for a "V" completion and a trade with the overall trend...which is down.

As for the Euro...I got into the trade premature late last week  (1.4659) as the third candle did not break the high of the #2 candle. It dawdled but today I lucked out on my error with a bullish candle. I have zoomed into the 4 hour....to look for a retrace to a support area (taken from a line chart of the daily) and wait for a "V" formation to add to the position.

I will admit.....this is where being a novice comes into play as I see 120+pips just ready for the taking and it is hard to not cash that out!!

Looking forward to a critique of my thoughts....ALL charts posted are 4hr

--- 帖子 #695 ---
Hi Shreem,

Thanks very much for posting those charts to give visual representation.  I'll practice using attachments in due course!

Hey Leigh,

You've made me chuckle a few times already in this thread.  Don't change a thing

Yes, in this instance my entry was anticipating the move down rather than waiting on confirmation.  Thanks for pointing that out as I should probably clarify the difference.  Like everything with price action, when and where to enter cannot follow a set template.  For me, it depends greatly on the market structure at that time.  On my 4Hr charts the instrument had posted its 3rd lower high, or fractal if you prefer (164.25, 163.75, 163.25).  That gave me the signal to wait for the selling pressure to show itself and then get in relatively early.

This anticipation would definitely not apply in all circumstances but the conditions were right.

O N D

--- 帖子 #696 ---
Ah, I see that the 4hr dictates more for you then. You also know when to take your profits by the 4hr, so your logic makes much good sense!!

I have been watching the 4hr this past week while waiting patiently for a bus, lol, but had been committed to sticking to the V-Formation criteria on the Daily, even when I knew I would have been able to take 4hr profits at 50+ pips due to the Fractal formations, lol.

Your logic and reasoning makes such good sense, so I will be adding to my experiment.

I will still implement the original V-Formation criteria whenever it presents itself, but I will also implement your 4hr version, as well. Haha, that's gonna be a little closer to the card counting strategy, because it will not be mechanical, but hey, a lot of us here have really come a long way already, so we graduate from grade school to intermediate, no?

* edited - Thank you soooo much for your contributions to us in this thread!!!!

--- 帖子 #697 ---
Hello ownshook,

Did you catch the ride up on USDCAD?  My entry was in the 9480 area when the strength had confirmed itself (V formation to keep the language in line with the thread) and the journey up was relatively trouble-free.

You are right - it is definitely in "watch closely" mode now though (i'm flat).  I actually wouldn't discount further strength from here but the 9885 area is certainly going to be important.  There's also a strong risk of a false breakout, with price being carried up past 9900 due to stop clustering before falling back again.

I guess what I'm saying is that anything can happen - not much help huh

I had a look at your euro trade too.  Whilst I never advise snatching at profit, I think you are right to be cautious here.  A look at the weekly chart says, at face value, everything is fine and the direction is up up up.  Drilling down to the daily shows a marginal break of the 9th Nov high and that would put me on alert for a potential breakdown.  The 4Hr chart shows a rejection (for now) of the 1.4800 level and the hourly shows price meandering around the current level.

Again, looking at context as a whole, we are less than 30 minutes away from FOMC minutes.  Your decision is whether you accept that inherent news risk and keep onboard for the continuation of the uptrend or not.  Where is your stop right now?

--- 帖子 #698 ---
Excellent post shreem!!!!

--- 帖子 #699 ---
Glad it makes sense

The way I look at the timeframes is to think of them as a magnifying glass with various strength settings.  Sometimes the picture is so clear from the monthly or weekly charts that I don't need to zoom in further and can take a position (longer term one of course).  However, sometimes I need to look more closely at what makes up those bars/candles and this is where the daily, 4Hr and even 1Hr charts are necessary.

This might sound crazy but you can look at two daily candles that seem identical but, zooming in closer, the internal structute of those candles (demonstrated by the 4Hr or 1Hr for example) can be very very different and will impact my decisions.

--- 帖子 #700 ---
Your most welcome sir, most happy to be of any help.

Sincerely

Shreem

--- 帖子 #701 ---
Thank you for your input Old_Not_Dead and welcome to this thread!

I missed the "V' formation on the CAD however I would not have taken it since it was against the overall downtrend that is going on.  My confidence is not quite there to trade against the overall trend.  One day.

The euro trade...my stop would usually be below yesterdays daily candle however because of the strength today...I place it at B.E.  I think I will ride through the news and if it goes against me...there is always that retrace and entry above the support line if the "V" presents itself.  In about 20 minutes...we will know how it turned out.

Thank you again for your input.

--- 帖子 #702 ---
Oh and for those of you thinking, "what a ditz" to not have been taking the profits when seeing it : ... I did so because I am testing this not only for my own benefit, but I am trying to quantify and prove feb's method so that my family, friends, and anybody else out there who NEEDS and can benefit from a mechanical, proven method to help them with getting consistent profitable results from their trading.

I have been fortunate to not have blown up my account yet the 8 months of trading live, but I have read soooo many people having done so over-and-over that I was hoping that feb's method was finally the ONE (and a simple one at that) to prevent that in the future, lol.

So there! :

--- 帖子 #703 ---
Hello Dear Feb2865 and leighsww, your most welcome. If I can help, will do it without thinking. I receive so much from all of you expercienced traders that if I can give back or help with something, will definitely do it.

Sincerely

Shreem

--- 帖子 #704 ---
Do you anything in mind in case Loonie reaches back to parity ($1)??

I like what I see in this pair so far!!

--- 帖子 #705 ---
CAN ANYONE PLS EXPLAIN TO ME HOW TO START MY OWN THREAD? I REALLY WANT TO DEVOTE THE LAST PART OF THIS YEAR TO BE FULLY ACTIVE IN THE FORUM AND I THINK I HAVE SOME STRATS THAT WILL BE OF HELP TO ALL OF US.I WILL BE MOST GLAD IF SOMEONE CAN PLS SHOW ME HW TO START MY THREAD. THANK YOU IN ADVANCE.

--- 帖子 #706 ---
You're quite right about the CAD trade being counter-trend and there is great sense in sticking with the dominant trend initially.  Apologies, I got ahead of myself and don't want any inexperienced onlookers to start getting gung-ho too quickly

If I was in your euro trade and was going to ride out the news, I'd have my stop around 1.4620 anyway so I think your B/E point is sensible.

--- 帖子 #707 ---
oh my mistake!!!

I didn't see the whole picture.

This pair has been in a downtrend for quite some time.

there's a resistance around 1.08.

I'll keep an eye on that pair

Peace

--- 帖子 #708 ---
Go back to the main Trading Systems forum --> http://www.forexfactory.com/forumdisplay.php?f=71

Then, click on "Post New Thread" (it's right under the index tree in the upper left corner above the title "Threads in Forum")

* edited - Also, try not to post with all CAPS, lol. People will interpret that as shouting, lol. You may get some scolding you for it, so just needed to warn you

Also, no need to post a thank you, just go do it and much success to you and your thread!

Dang, I edit too much!

--- 帖子 #709 ---
Feb,

My gut feeling is an oil retreat and the subsequent end of the "free money" available for shorting USDCAD.  1.0330 and then 1.0870 would be initial areas of interest but I don't think it's crazy to imagine we could see 20% appreciation in this pair over the next year.

My caveat would be to state the obvious - there are a lot of barriers in the way of a sustained reversal in the shape of failed support areas.  However, even the monthly chart is looking like posting a key reversal bar for November.

--- 帖子 #710 ---
Thanks. Is that I didn't look at the whole picture. I got your point on the free money as some people I know have been shorting this pair to death.

I was making sure (something you just confirmed now) as I see some reversal on the way.

peace

--- 帖子 #711 ---
in the attached chart would this be considered a fractal??? because there is only one bearish bar then the bullish bars continue, should there be a minimum amount of retracement bars to look for before the main trend continues??

--- 帖子 #712 ---
Yes.

My entry would have been on the  bearish candle, but as you see didn't break the higher/high so I'll sit on my hands waiting for the next candle. In this particular case the next one broke the pattern so it was good.

As for minimum amount for retracement, if I see one (like the one you're showing) it's ok. As for two, I will be cautious. Probably won't take it.

Peace

--- 帖子 #713 ---
Here's a definition of Fractals in the Bill Williams "counting fractals" sense.

__________

The basic definition of an 'up' fractal is a         bar high that is both higher than the two bars         immediately preceding it, and higher than the two bars         immediately following it. The lows of the bars are not         considered in determining the up fractal progression.

If two bars in the progression have equal highs         followed by two consecutive bars with lower highs, then a         total of six bars rather than the usual five bars will         make up the progression. The first high becomes the         counting fractal. Reverse for 'down' fractals.
A wide range bar can be both an 'up' fractal and a         'down' fractal at the same time.

___________

I believe the MT4 fractal indicator uses this definition although I could be wrong.

Personally, I wouldn't get too hung up on whether it fits the definition exactly.  Try to also think in terms of peaks and troughs or swing highs and swing lows.  The EURAUD example posted earlier wouldn't be classed as a fractal in Bill Williams terms but just eyeballing the chart shows it's a key turning point.

--- 帖子 #714 ---
Feb,

I placed pending buy order few pips above the fractal (4 hours and daily only) , 4 out of 5 cases it actually came to that point my order got triggered and went right back down  http://www.forexfactory.com/images/icons/icon9.gif

Is this what you meant by 'sharks waiting' in your earlier posts?

I want to understand this better.

Am I suppose to wait until a close happens above the Fractal before entering rather than as soon as it clears the fractal. And never to use the pending order

Honestly, I can't thank you enough for strating this thread.

Thanks,

TradeStar

--- 帖子 #715 ---
TradeStar ... can you post a chart with arrows to show which candle you entered (also indicate the price at which you entered at) and where exactly you put your stop loss (price for that, too)?

It will help Feb and others to help you better, thanks

--- 帖子 #716 ---
Still not clear how to post a chart in FF. I have MT4 I can take a screen shot, If I Paste it, it creates a link! and not the picture!

Thanks,

Ram

--- 帖子 #717 ---
Are you using the attachment feature?

Read this following post --> http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...nt#post1713993

If you are doing that, yet it's still only linking rather than showing the actual image, go ahead and do it anyway, and I'm sure when we click on the link, it'll open up for us so we can see it. Try it anyway and see what happens.

--- 帖子 #718 ---
Hi folks,

I just wanted to let you know my posts will be scarce for a few days.  I am on vacation with my familiy in Florida and well you know how it goes when the family requires my time

I will try to keep up and post comments when I can.  And I want to wish OND a warm welcome.  Differing views will surely make this an extremely valuable resource for all who visit here.

Cheers everyone.

Trader_V

--- 帖子 #719 ---
That's very kind Trader V, thanks   The fact Feb and yourself were prepared to be so sharing and helpful is what encouraged me to jump onboard too.

I feel right at home already and agree completely regarding slightly different perspectives.  They enrich what is available and I too think this thread is a must-read for anyone who wants to escape the trap of being a frustrated slave to indicators.

Enjoy the vacation to the fullest!

--- 帖子 #720 ---
I'm obviously not Feb but, seeing as I'm an opinionated old sod, I thought I'd add in my views on your question.

If you look back at all the "up fractals" for a period of time on a chart, you will no doubt find that a good proportion of those are breached by 5-25 ticks before price retraces again.

Essentially you are simply being a breakout trader if you take the trade based purely on a close above a fractal.  Nothing wrong with that in itself but I have found over the years that the percentage of "false breakouts" have gradually increased to such a point that I wouldn't tend to take them on their own.

My big rule is to look at the overall context of the price action and what the market structure looks like up to that point in time.  I'll try to explain that more explicitly in a second but first I should clarify that, for me, a candle that hasn't closed yet could end up being anything and I'd usually wait for the close.

The post you quoted from Feb had him saying that he would probably buy on the bearish bar in the EURAUD example.  That is his way of getting in on the direction without paying premium prices.  I would probably have waited until the completion of the next daily bar which was bullish and closed fairly strongly.  He'd be in quicker and he'd get more profit for that extra risk but what we'd both have in common is that we'd be anticipating that the recent high of 1.6590 ish was going to be broken.  Whereas, if you were to wait on it being broken, you'd be buying in at a lot higher price and risking being on the end of a false breakout.

For me, when a key level is broken I am alerted to the fact I might get in.  I'd usually want to get in on a retracement or on an exceptionally bullish closed candle.

I'm probably not explaining this very well.  What I'll do is annotate a chart and try to attach it as a picture is usually worth a thousand words.

Please forgive me for butting in on a question you've asked of someone else but hopefully this will be of some help to you as I know it can be disheartening to seemingly have a knack for getting in just as price reverses direction against you!

--- 帖子 #721 ---
Thank you dear Leighsww. I learned something. here is the chart. I sold Eur Chf at 1.6345 upon breaking the previous fractal, sure enough to see to go right back up.

I will post one other from GBP USD

Thanks

TradeStar

--- 帖子 #722 ---
No not at all. don't be apologetic (did I spell this right?) It's a privilege to be taught by seniors like you. Thanks a ton and will wait for additional inputs, since  it takes a while for me to get it.

I just posted the chart also. As you can see, I was on the direction of the trend and break of a fractal still goofed up.

Thanks again

TradeStar

--- 帖子 #723 ---
I'm hoping this works - first time posting an attachment!

--- 帖子 #724 ---
Ok, now I see the chart you were referring to.  Does what I've said make sense in the context of that chart?  In that example, the candle closed just a few ticks under the previous low.  I'd want to see the next candle also close under that low and for it to be a solidly bearish candle (no long wick at the bottom of it).

--- 帖子 #725 ---
Wow, Great Job OND !!! Thanks a lot.

One more question on the picture though:

you have marked a candle saying  "I'd be short from here". Could you please explain the reasoning for that. Why after the second bearish candle. What if that second candle happen to be bullish.

My sincere thanks again.

TradeStar

--- 帖子 #726 ---
Sorry our posts crossed. I am assuming the second bearish candle confirms the downtrend and hence you get in, based on what you just said.

Thanks

TradeStar

--- 帖子 #727 ---
You got it   The first candle that caused the false breakout would show me there was good selling pressure and the next candle would confirm we were headed down.

Glad it helped!

--- 帖子 #728 ---
OND

as a reference on post #721  - tradestar - I was referring to the second small bearish candle not the first red candle.

Your comment is alway welcome here. Very informative.

Anything new on E/U from your side???

EDIT: (I am joining Leighs club LOL)  looking here for a play around 1.4750-1.4800 area. wishful thinking on a deeper correction.

Peace

--- 帖子 #729 ---
Thanks for the clarification re #721 Feb - that makes sense ... I'm the one jumping in first with the risk

As for E/U - we really are sailing in uncharted waters now aren't we?  I'm still not tempted to do anything as there is no value there right now.  My best guess would be that a new base is built around 4770-4790 and that we see a retracement to that level before the next move shows itself.

Unfortunately I'm out on an excursion tomorrow and won't be taking my laptop.  It'll be interesting to see what the picture looks like when I return home though.

I have a feeling that we're heading into a Thanksgiving snoozefest and I'll probably not be tempted by much until next week now.

--- 帖子 #730 ---
I was an expert in buying at the top and selling at the bottom!  Hopefully I will change that and learn from the generosity and wisdom of our experienced traders.

I did learn that I need to know what all of my standing orders are...I forgot I had a buy on the EU and next thing I know I'm up 180 pips!  Now what?  Sell or Hold?  LOL

--- 帖子 #731 ---
Welcome, friend OND. Your descriptions on your E/J trades and false break-out are great!

By the way, how do you deal with false break-outs? In your E/J trade,  the S/L is more than 1%, I assume the leverage you used is less than 10 times?

Thank you very much.

--- 帖子 #732 ---
Ok so gbp/usd broke thru some serious resistance this week. And i am happy that the correction has taken place. I will continue to play the v-formations but i will also place one longer term trade. And my profit target on that trade would be the monthly R3 which is at 2.1573. Obviously the price wont shoot up from current levels straight to 2.1573. There will be rectracements along the way.

There are only two things that i will keep my eye on. The first is that we got some bad news recently out of the UK

The other is good news from the USA.

That would impact this move up.

--- 帖子 #733 ---
I'm actually looking for something around 4700, but I doubt we'll get there... that would be a bounce off of the prior TL...

--- 帖子 #734 ---
Feb / OND... thought you guys might like this setup on gold futures...

http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...4&postcount=64

--- 帖子 #735 ---
Hello everyone, sory for the newbie question but here we go. trying to understand the v candle formation and entry. i entered at the begining of todays new day candle on the gbp/usd (see chart below) my thinking was yesturday candle closed above the last bear candles high. is this the corect theory?

Edit, sory i meant a trend continuation after the retrace. the chart below does not show a perfect v

--- 帖子 #736 ---
yes that is correct

--- 帖子 #737 ---
sorry. Yes that is correct.

--- 帖子 #738 ---
Right now we are testing the monthly pivot point. If 15 min candle closes under monthly pivot point then i would look to go short and target 2.0598-2.0585.

If price bounches off monthly pivot and close above i would see it as good long oppertunity.

Let's see what happens

--- 帖子 #739 ---
Hi all. feb this is a fantastic and truely enlightening thread.

I have taken 3 trades as per my understanding of what you are teaching us.

On the retrace of the third candle of the V formation (Mon 19th) I went long EA at 1.6438 same for EN at 1.9300 and GU (Tue 20th) at 2.0612. Currently up over 600 pips.

feb I would like to thank you for showing me the way. In the last year I have lost a lot of money in fx. I have now removed all the bs from my charts, and feel a lot better for it. If I have made a mistake in the above trades, please let me know.Thanks.

--- 帖子 #740 ---
Remember i told u if price went thru monthly pivot and candle closed under monthly pivot i would go short. So this is how my trade turned out. My 1st profit target got hit.

--- 帖子 #741 ---
Even though i am not a big fan of trendlines (due to their subjectivity) we can see that the price has respected this trend line for now.

So if the trendline hold then that would give us an excellent long oppertunity

--- 帖子 #742 ---
Thanks for bringing that Up. I have many bets on gold and I have to agree with you is screaming "buy" at the top of it's lungs. Gold has been  a preferred paradise  to park cash .  I have a funny feeling we might top 1k on gold. Volume has been really high.

Peace

--- 帖子 #743 ---
Even though this is a riskier trade i still decided not to ignore the pin bar followed by v-formation. So let's see how this plays out. I will aim for take profit around 2.0585 and then 2.0598 and lastly 2.0620.

--- 帖子 #744 ---
No problem my friend. Welcome to the club!!!!! just don't hesitate to ask if you have a question. We're here to help. Feel at home!!!

Peace

--- 帖子 #745 ---
Guys

as this morning - 11/21/2007 E/U  has broke down 1.48 actually as I'm writing is 1.4780.

Let's see what happens

This is turkey snoozeweek for the market so we could expect some laziness ahead. Anyway we must be attentive just in case.

Peace

--- 帖子 #746 ---
Ok first profit target hit. So i closed on third of my trade. Now i am letting the other 2 thirds run to the next two profit targets

--- 帖子 #747 ---
And in quick time profit target 2 was hit

I love it when a plan comes together.....lol

--- 帖子 #748 ---
Hi Feb, do you know why people clap their hand at the opening bell in the Usa? I have googled it, asked around... not precise answer, few jokes around it and that's it.

--- 帖子 #749 ---
Hello Green David - thanks for the welcome

I'm not sure what you are asking regarding my S/L being more than 1% - more than 1% of what?  The risk model I apply means that I'm never risking more than around 0.6% of my trading capital.

As for how I deal with false breakouts, I tend to avoid trading breakouts in the main.  Of course, there are always occasions where a breakout interests me (based on the preceding market structure) but I would usually wait on the retracement before getting in.  Sure, sometimes there is no retracement and it just keeps going but I'm happy to let those ones go rather than chasing the market.

Hope that helps clarify things but let me know if not and I'll try to explain further

O N D

--- 帖子 #750 ---
Thanks Mr Trend - I was away from my office today but a formation like that certainly makes me pay attention

--- 帖子 #751 ---
Looks like the level I mentioned was tested again today and held.  Still not tempted to do anything on this pair for now though.

--- 帖子 #752 ---
Just back from a day away from my screen and thought I'd post some up to date charts with a few brief thoughts to keep the discussion going whilst all you Americans gear up for a turkey feast

First attachment is the weekly Cable chart and it demonstrates why I'm steering clear of going long this pair at present, despite the long established up trend.

It's a damn ugly candle for Cable bulls and the subsequent candles haven't made it look any prettier!

--- 帖子 #753 ---
This isn't the most thrilling of pairs but the market action recently has interested me.  I'm alert to where price is now sitting as a potential base will be formed here for another crack at staying above 1.6800.  Alternative scenario is a breakdown, which could be fast and hard.  Either way, it's worth keeping an eye on over the next 1 or 2 weeks with good potential volatility.

--- 帖子 #754 ---
Finally for now, another weekly chart.  Just like the Cable example I posted, there's a candle that screams out "we're heading down" and this is further strengthened by the fact that the July high and lower November high suggest a change in direction.

I'm sitting on my hands to see where this one goes but I am prepared to get very bearish on this pair if the structure continues to develop as I anticipate.

--- 帖子 #755 ---
Interesting interpretation of the gbp/usd. But that is the beauty of the chart reading i suppose

As you know i have read the charts totally different.

Scenario 1:

I see firstly a possible break of the upper channel. If it breaks and hold then we have lots of pips to play with to the upside.

Scenario 2:

However if we break the bottom of the channel and it holds then we can actually see gbp/usd go down to 1.9900-1.9700 level again.

But let's see which scenario plays out first.

--- 帖子 #756 ---
There was some serious money to be made today with v-formations.

Look at gbp/jpy that almost gave 600 pips.

Usd/jpy gave 100something pips.

Aud/usd almost 100something pips.

Usd/cad almost 100 pips.

Hope everyone saw those signals and made good money today

--- 帖子 #757 ---
Oops last chart

--- 帖子 #758 ---
Depends. If you follow the way feb would trade, you would've had some losses, because, as I understand it, (let's assume a downtrend) you get a up bar, then you get a bar breaking that high, THEN, you enter off the break of that... which means you've missed most of the move.

That's why I enter as soon as I get an engulfing bar, or I see a pinbar break. Just seems easier than having to figure out some sort of "V" formation and all that. BEOBs, BUOBs, PBs, etc., just seem easier to me.

I could be drinking too much already today though, so who knows...

--- 帖子 #759 ---
Good Jon Iandekoker

I am really impressed

It's unbelievable how the markets respects pivots.

Keep the good work!!!!!

Peace

--- 帖子 #760 ---
He's trading on lower time frames  That's true he would have some loses using my method.

Peace

--- 帖子 #761 ---
This USDCAD is a perfect example of what I wouldn't trade. The first bar up, didn't engulf the last. And then the move took off. You have no idea if that 4H resistance is gonna hold or not, so, IMO, you'd just be lucky if you took that early right off the first up candle. If you waited to get in after the second candle confirmed (the big white one), then you are now sitting on a loss...

That's how it is with PA... S&R rules king. I admire feb because the dude just trails it... Not me, because 9 times out of 10, S&R will hold at least for a day, and I hate sitting here looking at my chart worried that I'm gonna give up 200 pips of profit from that run up....

Just me I suppose...

--- 帖子 #762 ---
That's right.... that makes sense because typically a daily or weekly will follow through, which is what you're betting on...

Ok, back to the Captain and Coke... ROFL.

--- 帖子 #763 ---
Mr Trend

Patience is a big deal on this method believe me. It has been a big deal to me as I come from world that people use to kill themselves for 1 tick

I tell  you I have a balance 'cause I trade some other stuff like e-mini's etc.

Are you Planning to put a bet on Gold??? looks really nice!!!!

Peace

--- 帖子 #764 ---
Agreed.

Yeah. That's how most guys are I think...

You bet. I'm in at 803.50... My first scale out is 850... or, I might take the whole thing right there... depends on what PA does at that point. I would expect a slight correction, and then breakthrough... I see gold at 1000 long term (mid-2008 if not earlier)...

--- 帖子 #765 ---
Hi OND.  Thanks for your contributions (as well as Feb, Mr Trend and others).

I learn best with chart examples.  Sometime in the future could you post an example of the above and mark where at the retrace you would have entered as well as your stop placement?

Thanks!

And for those celebrating tomorrow where every you reside.......Happy Turkey Day!  The lounge chair is all set for some American Football.

--- 帖子 #766 ---
Hi Scooter,

I understand what yo umean I am a very visual person myself.

I am not one for speaking for others but I believe this is what OND is speaking of by waiting for a retracement and then entering.

The pic should speak for itself.

Hope this helps.

Trader_V

--- 帖子 #767 ---
Thanks Trader V

Hi Scooter,

Apologies, I realise that some people understand better through seeing a practical example so I'll have a look for another one I can use to demonstrate the point and post it.

O N D

--- 帖子 #768 ---
Here you go Scooter

This isn't a brilliant example as I probably will not be taking a trade on this market now due to the structure and the time of year.  It is a live example though - taken just a few minutes ago.  Hopefully it will demonstrate how I treat most breakouts.  I stress most as, at the risk of keeping saying the same thing, every price action structure is in part individual and therefore I approach the chart from a slightly discretionary angle.

But anyway, let's just assume I'm wanting to get short this pair now that the breakout has occurred.  What I'm looking for is for price to try to climb again and to be beaten down dramatically.  That way I have more of a clue as to who is in control of the direction and that there is appetite to sell at a certain level.

As I type, the not yet completed bar is creating a structure that suggests to me the next bar will be convincingly bearish.  If that's the case, my signal to get in would be in place (theoretically as I'm not trading this today!).

I've marked where my stop would be.  And yeah, I like wide stops   I want to give my trades room to mature.  Not everyone will be suited to that style and that's not a problem.  One thing to note though is that my stops very rarely get triggered.  Not because I'm always right (!!) but because I actively manage the trade and the price action usually tells me I'm wrong long before my stop confirms it.

Hope that's of some use.

--- 帖子 #769 ---
Yip nothing wrong in the way you approach it.

--- 帖子 #770 ---
Thx feb. Today was good. Tomorrow should be very slow due to US public holiday. And then friday is golf day....so i am pretty much done for the week

--- 帖子 #771 ---
Thanks TV & OND!

Those pictures definitely help out!

Once in then it then I assume you let the market tell you when to get out as far as PA & reversal patterns etc.

Of course there many stategies to get as well .... but I'll just worry about getting in properly at this point!

Thanks again!

Scooter

--- 帖子 #772 ---
I dont trade eur/usd as often as i did, but listening to all the "experts" setting a target of 1.5000 for this currrency makes me wanna short this pair for the following reasons:

1. What is gonna happen once eur/usd reaches 1.5000? I expect a sell off once profit taking starts.

2. I dont think a lot of people are taking on new long positions due to the extreme highs that this pair is currently trading at. I would like to believe most traders are slowly taking profits.

3. There hasn't been any significant correction since the start of this uptrend. So a correction is due at same stage.

4. Does it have room to go up even further? Yes it has. But the question is will it. Cause ECB said they would intervene once eur/usd hits 1.5000 level because such a strong euro would not be good for europe's economy.

So i have decided to go short on this pair and for a good risk/reward it seems like a very good oppertunity. I will put my stop loss at 1.5100. And put my take profit between 50% and 61% fib retracement. That is a potential 800 pips for risking little over 300 pips. Good risk/reward.

Of course it is a long term trade and i only expect to reach take profit levels around 1st quater of next year. In the mean time i will also get a swap.

What is this trade based on? It is based purely on risk/reward. There are no fundamentals to support my decision.

--- 帖子 #773 ---
Here is how I played the cable: entered after the V formation., right after the 2nd candle was broken to the upside. Got stopped the first time but in again using Jacko's anti-hedge system. So far I am in profit. I am not planninmg to move my SL until I see more movement to the upside. But I do not think we will see a lot of action this week due to Thanksgiving in the US. As FEB said, this week may  be a snoozefest.

--- 帖子 #774 ---
Yip excellent trade.

However i am not familiar with Jacko's anti hedging system and also too lazy to go look it up. Can u maybe give us a quick summary of his system.

--- 帖子 #775 ---
While the market is so boring i am already looking out for possible oppertunities next week.

I see lots of potensial in this usd/cad charts.

First the weekly charts tell me that we have an uptrend underway. The stochastics support this.

The daily charts agree with the weekly charts.

Then i will wait for the market to come to me on the 4hr charts. Firstly i will look for a retest of the weekly and monthly pivot points. And once the market rejects thosel levels and price closes above those levels i will go long. I might even wait for daily close above those levels before getting in.  And then i will ride this trade all the way up to 1.0447 level which is monthly R3 giving us a 600 pipper. My stop loss would be under monthly pivot point.

I dont mind trading other currencies even though I favor gbp/usd, but then i will only trade them if the market comes to me. I will never chase after the market.

This is another good risk/reward trade. I will risk about 80-100 pips in order to make 600.

--- 帖子 #776 ---
Here is also a excellent potential oppertunity on gbp/jpy. This is the much anticipated head and shoulders on the weekly charts. As we know head and shoulders is a powerful reversal chart pattern.

Now once the neckline gets broken we will have a short trade that could run all the way down to 199.00 level.

This is definately a trade to watch. The potential profits are hugh.

I will wait for a clean break of the neckline and then place my stop loss above the neckline and let this baby run her course.

--- 帖子 #777 ---
OND,

This is perfect!  Back in post #641

http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...&postcount=641

I talked about this type of setup exactly.  Only the example I showed there did not portray exactly what I was trying to get across.  Talk about complimenting each others methods and posts...lol

What a great learning tool we are putting together here

Ok so real quickly on the chart I have posted here, I would like to point out that even though we obviouly have different data feeds based on our brokers we still show the same basic thing.

The blue lines represent where OND had originally drawn his lines  The yellow line is where I would have drawn the bottom of my range.  This is nothing more than a preference.

I marked the candle that shows the breakout and thr Slaghter Zone as I like to refer to it.  Then a retrace. The second arrow indicates the last candle shown on OND's chart.  Immediatley following you can see a nice formation occurring showing there is some nice selling pressure going on.

Once prices continue downward I would express caution in the Red Flag Zone

This is where prices found previous support and could be rejected again.

Cheers!

--- 帖子 #778 ---
Hey TV (I think i'll call you that from now on!),

It's great that you recognised the setup based on your own preferences.  I'm finding it quite difficult to take what is in my head and put it down in writing.  When you add in my mantra that "no two setups are exactly the same" it makes it even more difficult to convey how I'd approach situations.

The bottom of the range you have drawn is correct.  I pulled an old schoolteacher trick and exaggerated mine for the purpose of explaining the false breakout.

To keep this example going, I've just had a fresh look at the EURJPY 4Hr chart and I still favour the downside.  However, everything is grinding to a halt now in terms of true volatility and therefore I'll have to look at things again next week.  We got a bit of selling pressure after the run up to 162.25 but there was never going to be enough volume to follow through on that with so few American traders at their desks.

There are a lot of charts showing me that a change might be afoot and, although I never act until I see it confirmed, I'm definitely gearing up for a turnaround.  I've mentioned previously that I see USDCAD finally making a good case for strengthening.  I also see a potentially big correction ahead for GBPUSD and NZDUSD.  My gut feeling is also that we have some big Yen strength heading our way.

This is the fun of the markets though and the intellectual challenge is why I still do it.  The old saying "predictions are for weathermen" is true but I always like the try to envisage what's ahead.  The key is then to be able to drop my theories like a hot coal when price action shows me I'm plain wrong

Enjoy the holiday TV and all !

O N D

--- 帖子 #779 ---
Thanks TV...

So after the retrace you would enter after price breaks down through the yellow line expecting some resistance at the red flag area.....maybe take some profit or just continue to hold depending on what the larger time frames show?

If the price never retraces and shoots straight down then one should take the attitude of "...well that bus left but there will always be another one coming....and not chase it."

I hope I have it right or learning correctly...tired of being the turkey for feast in the slaughter zone.   Sorry for the Thanksgiving Day pun but I just couldn't resist!

Scooter.

--- 帖子 #780 ---
Hey Scooter,

There are 1 million ways to skin a cat and likewise there are just as many ways to enter and exit a trade.

In the example I am provding the red lines indicate the mroe aggressive or higher risk entry and stop areas.

The Yellow is the more conservative entry location but inherits a larger stop.  But also notice this that we could place out initial stop closer at say the same place that we would put our stops for the higher risk entry.

The green line indicates where prices may stall before continuing or be rejected completely.  Hence this is why I call it a Red Flag Zone.

I plopped some numbers on there so you can get an idea of how much potential risk and profit is on the table with different entry areas.

And as you said if prices blow on through and never look back well then I will have to wait for the next bus to come along.  NEVER chase the market!

Hope this wa hepful.

TV

--- 帖子 #781 ---
Damn I've been schooled again  just kidding, I couldn't resist the pun.

I hope you and everyone here who is celebrating has a great and safe holiday.  Catch you all later.

Cheers!

--- 帖子 #782 ---
Four Kids,

I read your post #740 in which you described some entry points which I don't really get. In EN you say you entered at 1.9300 but the high on nov 16 was 1.9428 and a valid entry on daily charts would have been a break of 1,9428 but you entered at 1,93. Did you go down to 4 H charts and took the V formation there anticipating a break of the previous day high?

The same questions for your other entries?

--- 帖子 #783 ---
seems like E/U is on a run to.1.50 like a chicken with a head cut off!!!

hard to get this pair!!!!!

Peace

--- 帖子 #784 ---
Dang.....I'm kicking myself for selling out at 1.4860.  I thought there wouldn't be much action cause of the US and it was just hanging around at this level.

--- 帖子 #785 ---
yeah we just have to let it go I place many bets on that pair now I'll wait...

Peace

--- 帖子 #786 ---
Feb...do you mean you are already in, you'll wait for a retrace, or just sit by and watch.

Thanks!

--- 帖子 #787 ---
I am in since feb 2007

last bet was on Aug 23 2007

Peace

--- 帖子 #788 ---
Holy Pips!!!

--- 帖子 #789 ---
the method works You just need to deal with yourself - patience

Talking from experience

Peace

--- 帖子 #790 ---
Hey Ian

The anti-hedge is very simple and very effective.When you are in a trend, and you gedt stopped due to a temporary correction in that trend, what you do is you put a "buy-stop" order (if you were in a long trend)at the price where you were stopped, and wait for the retracement to end. When the market regains its trend it will trigger your order and continue in its direction. In that way you recover what you lost and continue on your way up.

--- 帖子 #791 ---
Ok thanks. It sounds like a good technique. And i am sure in principle it is almost like getting discount on the price.

--- 帖子 #792 ---
Great job visualizing the chart. I like the idea how you cater for both risky and conservative traders

--- 帖子 #793 ---
Jacko only trades the E/U and what he does is the following:

When he is topeed out, he waits for the price to go at least 50 pips beyond his stop out point before he places the oder to get back in at his stop-out price. That way he feels that he has given the market sufficient space so that if it comes back to his stop-out price, then the odds are overwhelmingly that the trend really has resumed and that it is not just a blip.

For other currency pairs, jacko followers have speculated that the 50 pip value should be changed to approx 2/3rds of the ATR.

I hope that this helps.

ian

P.S. Jacko also uses a  50 pip trailing stop to end his trades. He very rarely closes them manually - only if he is very nervous and sees a big sharp reversal comming.

--- 帖子 #794 ---
Hey guys.

Ok I have earned my bragging rights for today...lol  Just kidding.  Thee are days when ou are right about the market and many days when you are wrong about the market.

However, this pic combined with the post that is quoted here shows you why you should always trade with a plan.

Please note I only zoomed in to the 15M TF so you could see how price fits into the lines and boxes I drew.

Hope everyone had a great day yesterday!  Now I gotta get off the PC for a while so my wife don't kill me...lol

--- 帖子 #795 ---
Feb,Ond,Tv,  thank you for your priceless education.

Due to  the increased volume of alcohol I played it only on demo. The S/L is about 15 miles away ( high of previous day on daily), but 112 pips is better than hangover and no pips. Thank you

--- 帖子 #796 ---
Trader V & Mr. Trend,

There's a nice pinbar formation on the USD/CHF daily.  Will have to keep an eye on it Monday.

What would the James16 gang do?? wait for the "V" or get right on it?

--- 帖子 #797 ---
Seems this thread are getting prosperous.

Thank you Feb, TV, OND, ian, leigh, Mr. Trend, alcalstro and all other friends for your great contributions.

I think I should read all again from the first page.

Well, this is the summary. (Feb's and OND's method will become the same with TV's method if 4H is very big and its close is higher than previous 4h's highest).

1. Look daily chart for trading direction(weekly also, if necessary), i.e. long or short.

2. Wait patiently for retracement. Better not chase trend.

3. When retracement takes place, zoom in to look into 4H chart for a discount price (or good timing, more precisely IMO) .

4. Open your position, when 4H bar indicates the end of the retracement, i.e. there is a hammer, engulfing bar, V-form, the 4H bar has broken retracement trend line, etc. (Do your price action analysis)

5. As Feb said, patience plays an extremely important role. Ignore short time frame noise.

thank you.

(P.S. I followed Feb's method in e/u trading, entered and closed about 4~5 times, 4 successful. 1 stop loss. If I am patient and wiling to give market 150 ~200 pips for stop loss, my profits is more than 200 pips, there would be no stop loss at all, there would be no stupid close and open again with higher price.  OND is correct, by this way, stop loss would not happen usually.)

--- 帖子 #798 ---
Take a long at 10 pips above the pinbar's high is popular.

Of course, at 4 PM I noticed that EUR/CHF is doing the same thing. Personally, I like the Euro-Swissy more, as it is with the overall trend, and at a nice daily trend line.

* Please note that I drew the trend line off the weekly chart, therefore it is a little shifted on my daily chart - one of my gripes with MT4.

Clockwork

--- 帖子 #799 ---
clockwork....

I went short on EUR/CHF @ 1.6323 as soon as it went below the previous days low....and then another sell order on the retrace at  1.6347.  The Weekly "V" fractal is showing strong downward since 10/28, daily trend appears to be downward since 10/11.  I took the 11/20 candle as start of "V",  11/21 candle is an inside bar, but 11/22 gives us a lower low, and the 11/23 candle I took as confirmation of an entry.

Did I analyze that correctly even though it appears the 11/23 candle is looking more like a pin bar now with a possible reversal?

--- 帖子 #800 ---
Hey feb, you get in on that gold trade? Mmm... ticks...

--- 帖子 #801 ---
thanks for sharing the system

--- 帖子 #802 ---
David,

Thank you for your summary. I have a question regarding your E/U trades. Would you mind posting a chart(s) with your 5 trades in this pair? Are they based on the daily? I have been following this pair and have not seen that many trades recently, so i want to know what I am missing. What is that i am not seeing that you are?

On another topic, and this goes to everybody in here, i trade the dailies because I have a daily job that takes me away from my trading computer during the most active trading hours: from 6:00 AM (EST) to 5:00 PM (EST). And that is OK. I am happy with the dailies. Less noise. But here is my question: When i see a potential setup, I tend not to go down to the 4hrs to look for a better price because when I am at my computer the market is very slow (the beginning of the asian session). Have any of guys this problem too? How do you solve it? or do you just jump in regardless of the price (that is what i do. I buy it at the market price or at a predetermined buy-stop/sell-stop price. But no bargaining)?

--- 帖子 #803 ---
Leave some money for the rest of us mortals, Mr. Trend.

--- 帖子 #804 ---
I personally would have felt better seeing 1.6200 on this pair before shorting it.

However, if the pinbar doesn't get broken to the upside, it has a trend line to fight with, if it goes through there, it could drop faster.

I could be wrong, but that is what makes markets.....you going one way, me going the other. As long as you are not placing too much of your equity at risk, say....2%?, it's a cheap lesson even when you are wrong.

My thoughts on this pinbar going long is to hold on for quite some time. I'm looking more into a week or two long trade. But I will only take what it is offering.

--- 帖子 #805 ---
Of course - I can't let that baby fly higher LOL

Peace

--- 帖子 #806 ---
Hello Dear Feb2865, OND, Trader_V, Leighsww and others, I have just compiled all the great posts that I found the most important regarding Feb method on this thread and think to share it if people interested.

All of them are posts of either Feb2865, Trader_V, OND, Leighsww and others that I have put under different sections.

I find it very useful as a guide to remember the "saillant" points of this great method.

Hope it helps

Edit: Please go to post 816 to see my word document file with annotated chart. Thank

sincerely

Shreem

--- 帖子 #807 ---
excellent!!

Is there a possibility to add some charts ???

Thanks. Very well documented

Peace

--- 帖子 #808 ---
No, darn it, it's all mine!!!! *maniacal laughter*

--- 帖子 #809 ---
You better not be shortin' it... I don't need you collasping the futures market the week after vacay... Let it get to 850 and you can do whatever you want... :

--- 帖子 #810 ---
Hello Dear Feb2865, yes it is definitely possible. Just tell me which charts you want me to add (either from this thread or others) and will do that happily for you.

Feb, will add some charts from the thread and you just tell me if you want any others

Edit: Just wanted to told everyone that I am currently adding charts to the word document and will re-post this document once done. Thank.

Sincerely

Shreem

--- 帖子 #811 ---
Hi Traders:

Any thoughts on next week potential trades to look at on any pairs?

Also have you found some pairs better to trade on a daily chart?

Thanks

Zee

--- 帖子 #812 ---
Thanks for your efforts in pulling everything together Shreem

--- 帖子 #813 ---
Hello Zee,

No offence intended but perhaps it would be better if you post some charts that have caught your attention and then myself and others can critique your analysis?

I think the thread is going to be most helpful if everyone is taking what they learn along the way and using it to analyse the markets.  Me posting all my trade ideas wouldn't really stimulate much learning in others I fear.

Hope you take this in the encouraging spirit it is intended

O N D

--- 帖子 #814 ---
This post from feb reminded me that I should probably clarify something I haven't mentioned yet.

Us price action traders talk about trading being boring and that learners are on the right track when the thrill and excitement of jumping on and off a runaway train starts to fade.

Let me tell you, often the most successful form of trading is the most utterly boring - trading in the long term.

What I wanted to clarify was my trading strategy.  A lot of my trades are what most forex traders would consider long term (though stock investors wouldn't!).  The way I tend to work is to keep a portion of my original position open if the expected direction is still as it was when I initiated that position.

A couple of examples are that I am still long AUDUSD from June 2006 with added positions in October 2006, March 2007 and September 2007.  I'm short USDCHF from February 2007 with added positions in June and July.  (A clue - you'll need weekly charts to spot my entries  )

The point I'm making is that a big, but very rarely discussed, part of my trading is these longer term trades.  On this thread I more likely to talk about the shorter term stuff.  I am often in a long term position whilst dipping in and out of additional positions in the same market.

Sometimes I'm long a market and I add another long and it too turns into a long term position.  Sometimes I'm long a market and I take other short term longs and sometimes i'm long a market and I take other short term shorts etc etc.

I personally believe that all traders who want this to be their source of riches for evermore need to have this balanced approach of long term accumulation and short term strategic positioning.  It will not suit everyone to hold a position from months ago whilst the market goes 400 ticks against that position but I would urge everyone, when the basics are learned and understood and the finances are secure, to at least consider this approach.

O N D

--- 帖子 #815 ---
Hello Dear OND, your most welcomed. It is my pleasure to help anybody on this thread.

Just want to inform all that I have re-work my previous word file on the great method of Feb2865 and the great contribution of Trader_V, Old Not Dead, Leighsww and others.

I have made it under different sections and there are charts annotated accompanying them.

I think it can be a useful tool for new traders coming in this thread.

Devising this word document was a great exercise as it has help me to work and think about how to construct my personal trading plan using the great posts and charts of this thread.

Again, thank to all experienced traders to share your great knowledge and experience of the markets with us. It is very very much appreciated.

I am deleting the previous word file so that people are only looking at the polished's one.

Sincerely

Edit: Please, Feb2865, Trader_V, OND, Leighsww or others, if you find any inconsistencies in my word doc or charts, please let me know.

Shreem

--- 帖子 #816 ---
One thing I am conscious of is that there are a lot of quotes in there from various sources.  I'm always very mindful that this is a thread feb started to talk about his interpretation of "how to trade".  Every trader will differ slightly in their approach and his is different to mine and mine is different to TV etc etc.

I appreciate this might be too much work but I wonder if it would be better to have the document split into individual sections based upon the author and approach.  So, a section for Feb, Trader V, myself etc.  Alternatively, maybe just attributing each quote in your document to whomever said it.  The reason I suggest this is that a potential reader might get confused by the quotes as they don't all entirely agree with each other.

Hope that helps and, again, great work!

--- 帖子 #817 ---
Hello Dear OND, thank for your comment. Yes, you are right, it is a great idea to define which quote belong to which traders as to not confuse any traders reading it.

However, as maybe 95% of quotes in the word document belong to Feb2865, I think it will be very long to retrace the few posts belonging either to you or Trader_V. If people are really confused about differents posts saying opposite things, then I will definitely take the necessary time to edit it. But in my humble opinion, when reading this resume, I do not see conflicting or confusing thoughts.

Dear OND, thank again for your suggestion.

Sincerely

Shreem

--- 帖子 #818 ---
WoW, thanks shreem for the FANTASTIC doc file, as well as including some of my quotes in it! I feel very honored!

As far as my quotes are concerned, it is not necessary for you to put my name next to them. That would be far too much work/effort for you to have to read through this entire thread again to look for them, so don't worry about doing that for my quotes.

Again, TERRIFIC job you have done with providing people a comprehensive summary of the finer points and teachings of feb's thread!!

--- 帖子 #819 ---
Hello to all, just wanted to post a chart example of high probability setups using the concept of Feb V formation on daily chart. This chart has been included in the word document.

By looking at these examples, we can clearly see the importance of being patient and waiting for the alignement of all key components of Feb method of V formation setup which are:

A) A "V shape formation" which consist of retracement candles followed by reversal candles.

B) Presence of a lower fractal (in an uptrend as it is the case for Euro).

C) Higher close of candle (2) above high of last retracement candle (1).

D) New higher high candle (3) above high of candle (2) which become the entry candle.

E) Not essential but it's the preference of Feb, retracement of number 3 candle which can be used to get a discounted price on the 4H chart.

Hope it is of any help

Sincerely

Shreem

--- 帖子 #820 ---
Hello Dear Leighsww, thank for your nice comment and you are most welcomed.

This exercise is really a great way to remember the most important points of this great method.

Sincerely

Shreem

--- 帖子 #821 ---
Hello Dear O N D, great post you made. Your post, along the one of Feb talking about he is in a position since last February and last August on Euro, give me great ideas of how to approach my trading. I do really agree that a long term successful trading career need to include logn term and short term strategic moves.

Also, I think diversifying our own account into different strategic markets, (forex spot and future, e-mini future, equities, option and so on) are a well and sound approach. As the saying goes: "Do not put all your eggs in the same basket".

I am certainely not there yet, but I am more and more interested in seeing inter-market relationship between different currency pairs with gold, oil, e-mini future, certain stocks, to just name a few.

So, Dear O N D, thank again for your great post and your insight is very much appreciated.

Sincerely

Shreem

--- 帖子 #822 ---
greenpips

Sorry for the late reply.No I did not antcipate the candle on the 16th breaking the previous days high. I WAITED until it had,then I waited for it to retrace to find an entry point.

Nice V forming on both the NU and ACAD, although both pairs are ranging. If NU breaks 7594 on Monday I will then look for an entry point, to go long,as this would be in the direction of the main trend.

If ACAD breaks 8684, I will take the trade.Although there is no obvious trend to me, there is room to move to the top of the range,at about 8750 or maybe even 8880.

I hope this is of some help to you, and good luck with your trading.

--- 帖子 #823 ---
I could not have said this better myself OND.

This really is the better way to help us help others.  Just posting our anylization is no better then someone subcribing to a service that provides a market outlook and man do we know how good that can be...

--- 帖子 #824 ---
Shreem

You have done a great deed here my friend.  I am certain your efforts will benefit many others who visit this thread.

Great Job!

Cheers!

--- 帖子 #825 ---
Hello guys

My girlfriend has held me hostage at the hotel for thanksgiving weekend.... work??.....forbidden (now she's out looking for ice )

I'll be posting more from tomorrow on.

If you asked me a question and I haven't reply, I apologize. I have a bad habit of not looking back on the thread. Please pm if you want.

Good work shreem, V, OND Leighs. everyone.

Peace

--- 帖子 #826 ---
Feb, I cannot think of a better way to being kept hostage!! LOL.

Shreem, I want to join my voice to the chorus that is thanking you for your work. It is a great compilation. Your charts are excellent examples of Feb's method.

--- 帖子 #827 ---
Hello Dear Alcastro, Feb, Trader_V and all. Thank for your compliment. I am happy that you find it useful.

The great knowledge on this thread is so incredible.

Have a great week-end to all

Sincerely

Shreem

--- 帖子 #828 ---
WOW Shreem...Incredible effort and generosity displayed! Thank you.

As stated by FEB.....
"Guys you need to assess how much risk you're willing to tolerate. If the swing is too high, then just lower your gear. Somebody told me once that there's a broker out here that allows you to trade by units."

That broker is Oanda. You are not limited to simply mini-lots...standard lots...heck you can even put up any combo of those.... ie. 150k, 1k, 500k,...endless really. My broker and quite happy with them.

--- 帖子 #829 ---
In terms of a retail, non-ECN broker, Oanda is the best. I still have an account with them even after I switched to IB...

--- 帖子 #830 ---
guess this post had become invisible?

--- 帖子 #831 ---
You do the best you can do especially considering the market may not always give you a better price.  I actually have a friend who, when at work, used "gotomypc" to login to his home computer to check out some charts.

If I was in your shoes...I personally would set an entry order above the second candle and just get in the market.  Keeping it simple like that may just make it easier to NOT have a day job.

Like FEB says...he doesn't want to miss the bus.

--- 帖子 #832 ---
Hello Ownshook, thank for the comment. I am happy that you find it useful.

Great trading week ahead!

Sincerely

Shreem

--- 帖子 #833 ---
Well here is my 2 cents on this topic.

If you are trading on the daily formations then base your decisions on the daily formations and drop down to the 4H charts if the opportunity exists.

Just because you do not have th chance to drop down to a lower TF due to other events such as a day job, doesn't mean you can't make the same trading decisions on a just the daily and weekly charts alone.

So don't stress about it and play it smooth.  Use the weekly's for direction and trade the setups on the dailies and when the oppoprtunity allows for it drop down to a 4H for an added bonus.

Don't attempt to complicate your trading strategy just because you think you need to get in at a better price.  Remember we are taking positions to hold for days, weeks and even months if it warrants it.

Keep it simple my friend.

Cheers!

--- 帖子 #834 ---
LOL....  Man I hope you didn't get caught with your fingers on the keys.

No fear my friend we will see you when you return.  Hiope you had a great holiday weekend.

Cheers!

--- 帖子 #835 ---
As I gain trading experience, I find this to be so true. It is nice to get a little better price, but in the end shouldn't make a huge difference. So you only captured 729 pips, instead of 739......it isn't worth worrying about. We all have dreams of living on the beach through our trading, (or some variation of this) so must not only train ourselves to trade, but also how to live once we are successful. I am a huge fan of less stress in my life.

Great post.

Clockwork

--- 帖子 #836 ---
Ok folks this is not some extremely elightning piece of information I am about to pass on.  Well then gain it may be just that for someone who reads it...lol

Have you ever looked at some charts and the candles or bars are just screaming at you and you can't make any sense out of what's going on?

Well a little tip that I don't think I have ever seen passed on here is simply changing the view or scaling of the bars or candles to change how they look on your screen.

Doing this can very well open up your eyes to formations that were otherwise not easily seen.

Check out the examples.

These are the same currency same TF and evrything all I did was click and drag in the price area to scale down the prices and presto things look so much more manageable

Hope this little tip helps someone.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #837 ---
You have done such for us. Enjoy your life and your time with your girlfriend.

--- 帖子 #838 ---
Feb,

It may sound absurd, but do you think DJIA will go down as low as 10,000 points? From an experienced floor trader, give us your prediction or expectation, please.

David

--- 帖子 #839 ---
very unlikely although anything is possible

Peace

--- 帖子 #840 ---
Very unlikely? In 2000, when tech and Internet stock bubbles went bust, DJIA went down from 11400 to 8000 level, and in this year subprime bubble went bust, DJIA from 14000 to 10000 level?

Better not to predict for a trend follower.

However, I am watching jpy crosses especially AUD/JPY, when DJIA bottoms up, wow, a very good opportunity in A/J for all of us.

Peace too

--- 帖子 #841 ---
Hi, guys. We see a kinda hammer candle on shown on Nov. 23 USD/CHF daily chart.

So, shall we wait for confirmation of this bar? That is waiting for a day bar which breaks 1.1069 the highest since Nov. 23?

What do you think? Feb, and Trader_V?

--- 帖子 #842 ---
Don't trade until you see the signal. A hammer could be a heads up but let the market come to you. I don't see a signal there.

Peace

--- 帖子 #843 ---
Thank you.

Keep alert, right! And let the market come to me.

Cheers.

--- 帖子 #844 ---
Hello,

MrFeb2865, and other contributors(naked or otherwise)

First a big thank you for starting and keeping this thread alive and well....great group of people. Is anyone familiar with the zig-zag indicator? It seems that it can help us visualize a "V" formation. Please let me know if this makes sense to you.

Here is a daily with the ZigZag

Thank You

--- 帖子 #845 ---
Hey Moneda,

My personal view is that your eyes, once trained, are far superior to anything ZigZag can do for you.  I can see numerous excellent trade opportunities that ZigZag would not alert me to.

O N D

--- 帖子 #846 ---
Ditto.  There are numerous opportunities besides the obvious peaks on that chart.

--- 帖子 #847 ---
Feb2865,

rarely posted anything in forums but just cant stop myself to let you know that "after reading what you have written, i am impressed. only a true master can explain to other using simple and understandable words."

best regards,

Korn_trader

--- 帖子 #848 ---
What happened here....?

Did this thread die?

--- 帖子 #849 ---
Hi, alcasco.

Maybe Feb is busy. DJIA had a sharp increase yesterday.

I gave a warning on USD/CHF. I wonder if anybody noticed that. Any way, I made 161 pips by now, still holding that.

I think DJIA may go down again. So, there would be chances in JPY crosses.

Cheers.

--- 帖子 #850 ---
Thank you very much

Green David

I daytrade ES  very often so much of my weight trading wise is on futures/commodities. About DJIA there's still fear on housing outhere. You wrote something about dow -10k I didn't reply to that post 'cause I'll be cluttering this thread. I apologize.

Also, Christmas is coming. I personally reduce my trading during this time almost to none.

You can apply what I said on this thread to a lower time frame like 4 hr, just be aware of the noise and have an eye on risk.

I guess plenty of people grasp the idea of this thread . In my opinion, this is not a good time to initiate a position as there's too much stuff going on outhere, but still, if you see a formation, don't hesitate...pull the trigger.

Feel free to ask me any questions. If is important and you see I don't reply, please feel free to pm.

Peace

--- 帖子 #851 ---
Listen guys

I got plenty of "scared messages" about the  condition of the markets, etc.

Please listen very carefully. I'll probably repeating myself so I truly apologize

Trading is a business based solely on probabilities. I'ts lonesome and extremely difficult. At the end is how to manage risk what keep you alive. Don't get fooled by hindsight. You can only stack odds in your favor, but there's nothing you can do about market risk. But still there's many things you can do to minimize risk and stay in this game for long time

1) You're not obligated to trade everyday even if you're a daytrader. Pick your setups carefully. Get the best one's.

2) Go easy. Don't shoot all the bullets in one spot.

3) Keep an ear on the ground - AKA  news by the time you're looking for a trade. If you know JYP has interest stuff at 9:00 PM EST and you're looking at G/J well, stay out and let the smoke clears.

4)Learn your setups even with your eyes closed.

5) Make sure without any reasonable doubt the consequences of that trade you're looking for. If risk is too high, consider pass.

6) Plenty of people have come to this thread with this mentality of " buy when x and x cross" etc . This is very much like a herd of cows following each other to the slaughter house. But now your eyes are open. Knowledge is power, use it at you advantage.

My mentor has a saying " You are not in the markets to make money but to preserve your capital. As a result of your excellent job, the market will compensate you"

I am planning to open up a thread based on futures/daytrading, if I am permitted as I don't know if this is only a forex-based forum.

If you guys are interested, let me know. I'll throw on a couple of tricks I use on my every day trading.

Peace

--- 帖子 #852 ---
I would be interested since I trade futures as well.... just to see what you're doing...

--- 帖子 #853 ---
bring on the knowledge feb........

also, you mentioned in one of your first posts here (#3) about trading forex options as a hedge technique.  I'd love to hear your strategy on that.

Jacko has a very interesting hedge technique he uses on E/U, I'd love to hear more about your technique/strategy.

Thanks again for sharing.

--- 帖子 #854 ---
Hi feb,

I'd just like to thank you and others for the time to educate your fellows on this thread.  I am not fluent in english, that's why I seldom post something here. But I keep on reading. If you open a thread on futures in another forum, please let me know. I'm quite interested in intermarket relationships as well.

Thanks.

Fabrice.

--- 帖子 #855 ---
Hi Feb,

Great thread! I am also very interested in your futures/daytrading methods.

Which books can you recommend on reading about your stategies?

I hope to hear from you soon!

--- 帖子 #856 ---
Ok guys

Ill put something together very soon You're still welcome to ask any questions here as you wish

Peace

--- 帖子 #857 ---
Feb -

Looks like I picked a great time to be busy.....getting married tomorrow.

Besides, there are a lot of potential traps in the market at the moment. (Am I wrong, who knows? Who cares?) None-the-less......I will look at the weekly bars on Sunday.

USD/CAD is screaming to buy, BUT......the weekly is just now forming the "v", and it's counter-trend......so I leave this one alone.

I made so much money shorting it.....it could be hard to go long.

Because of this, can you tell me what would make you think trend is reversing? I know that we should see consolidation first.....so buddy, how 'bout a lesson?

Certainly we should see a trend change sooner or later? I know what to do with the trend......but when do we decide it changes? (Although I know it's premature at the moment.)

Clockwork

--- 帖子 #858 ---
clockwork,

yeah that USD/CAD is looking mighty tasty, I'm waiting for a retrace on the 4hr to get into the USD/CAD pair long, the weekly has already completed it's newer high after the 2nd bar, same with the 4hr.  All the 4hr tops are new highs, Daily is still one day away from completion though.  I think I'll just enter long on a smaller lot amount and wait for confirmation after Monday's session.

--- 帖子 #859 ---
I hear you on this. Looks tasty but the move up doesn't look strong enough for me...heading towards a downtrend line and the "V" formations on 4 hour charts just don't seem to have follow-thru with a 3 bar setup. Not a gambler here so I will wait for the market to show me some strength and a proper 3 bar setup.

That said....I am watching the Euro as it looks promising.

--- 帖子 #860 ---
Fabrice,

With this quality of your writing, you call yourself not fluent?

All the best

TradeStar

--- 帖子 #861 ---
Hey, CONGRATULATIONS, clockwork!!

Remember now ... always keep your sense-of-humor and have FUN with wifey!! And no matter how old you get, continue to playfully wrestle and tickle each other on the bed and everywhere else!

--- 帖子 #862 ---
All the best, Clock. And stay away from the PC this weekend.  Mrs. Clock married a smart guy.

--- 帖子 #863 ---
feb. Thanks for bringing me back down to Earth, I will read all the posts on his thread over the course of the next few days.

BabeFX.

--- 帖子 #864 ---
Best of Luck, Clockwork71.

Wishing you and your spouse much Health, Wealth, Love, and Perfect Self-Expression:  "The Square of Life!"

--- 帖子 #865 ---
Hey folks,

Sorry I haven't been around.  I have just finished my vacation in Florida recently and I am currently out of the country on an excursion.  I have just about finished up my trading for the year.  I have an open position within 50 pips of my target and then I am pretty much out until after the holidays.

So traders beware. As Feb has stated.  This is when the market will form many ranges and cause traders to lose their minds trying to figure out which direction or which approach.

In leau of this inconsistent market action I think this is a good time to really dig into some methodology and post some nice detail on charts to help you guys further along in the learning process.  We may even be able to discuss some alternate ways to trade this same methodology.  I am not talking crazy changes only slight variations to show how you can adapt this methodology for different trading styles.

I would even like to post some example charts from historical data and post them here as a Q&A (what would you do in this situation kind of thing).

If you folks would like to see this and if Feb is in agreeance then I believe this could be helpful for some folks.

Chat with you folks later.

Trader_V

--- 帖子 #866 ---
Congrats and best of luck to you and your new wife.  I wish you both a life time of happiness and good health.

Married life is kind of like trading.  It's an art that takes a lot of work in order to perfect.  And once you perfect it, you will be rewarded with a life time of happiness

--- 帖子 #867 ---
Thank you Feb, I put my trigger already on USD/CHF and with 250 pips  by now.

Yes, I agree. Better have no positions before Christmas.

DJIA is so unpredictable and unreasonable. I could not understand that the US economy is slowing down to a possible recession, how come stocks will increase just on assumption that FED will lower the interest rate again. Look into future of a long time ahead, where will DJIA go? Maybe the market is unreasonable in short period.

--- 帖子 #868 ---
Congratulations to you! Have a good time with your wife and honey moon.

For U/C, I regretted also I didn't take the chance of its reversal. Even it is a correction, so what? It has increased almost 1000 pips, quite enough space for long term trading.

Notice that on Nov. 7, the difference between the lowest and highest is 250 pips and a hammer! Have you ever seen U/C a 250 pips difference before? The buying power/strength is tremendous.

--- 帖子 #869 ---
congratularions clockwork!!!!

Peace

--- 帖子 #870 ---
Hello guys

Thanks so much for keeping this thread alive. As I said before I am working on a new thread on futures, etc. But after a deep thinking I will include some forex charts as well. I will have it up and running by next week and I'll name it : The Systen (Irony included II) as I hate to teach about buy on x and sell on z..you know. I prefer for you to think and get your own conclusions.

Green David

There's some times that the markets become irrational. There's a lot of scared money outhere. Speculation is taking a big hit in the stock market as traders are sitting in their hands . Also, people are parking cash in gold, bonds etc. That's why I put so much weigth on trading what you see. If is not there and the market is acting crazy, well ...what would you do??

Remeber this: Anticipation goes hand in hand with reaction. You see some sort of candlestick formation like a hammer, etc it's good to keep your heads up. That's it. You see a V formation, now you see a possible trade, ...still heads up.

You see your signal....pull the trigger set your stops and ride the bus.

Just a side note ( a little hard language please apolgize in advance)

Markets are move by emotions, yes

Fear, greed and stupidity. This sub-prime crap is not a big deal. But still, traders, investors, fundies, etc. are making something out of nothing. Then you have the booyah fools, the Kudlows etc pouring plenty of salt on the wound...after all someone has to be at the other side of the trade don't you think??

Be the predator...not he prey. Let stupidity plays it's role on the markets and after the smoke clears, shoot!!!

You're gonna see a lot of these rigth now in christmas, yes including forex.

Peace

Peace

--- 帖子 #871 ---
Thank you Feb.  "Be the predator...not he prey.", I will remember this.

--- 帖子 #872 ---
Hi!!!

I'm a bit late but congrats clockwork. All the best in the years to come.

Part 1

Below is a trade I took on the NZ/CAD  using the V formation on the 4hr chart. The Daily is in a defined uptrend.

Part 2

Ok guys/gals I went to bed last night leaving my stop and take profit in place. Unfortunately price never got to where I planned for it too. Which in the life of the forex market happens.(that's why MM is so important hey)  So now I'm managing the trade looking at a small loss.   Below is a chart of what I'm seeing

Part 3

Finally closed my position today for a bit better than break even. I've been observing my position throughout the Asia session  and witnessing  NZ  weakness across  its  crosses. It may still turn around and shoot back up and make a donkey out of me but to be honest I didn't want to see my trade go into the negative again for a second time. I prefer my trades to move smoothly in the intended direction otherwise I pull the pin and wait for another setup.

cheers guys

--- 帖子 #873 ---
Perfect. Good patience. That's how I would've entered as well...

--- 帖子 #874 ---
Hi fti, and all

There are four V-forms (in red shade) during the down trend of AUD/USD. I wonder the latest v-form can produce some profits. Or are we going to have up-trend v-form?

Daivd

--- 帖子 #875 ---
Here is the chart.

--- 帖子 #876 ---
I would only be looking to enter new shorts or initiate longs on a break of the the previous week Hi or Lo.

Regards,

BabeFX

--- 帖子 #877 ---
Thank you very much Mr Trend.

Yes I was happy with the setup.

However managing the trade is turning out to be the hardest part.

Please see previous post if anyone is interested

cheers

--- 帖子 #878 ---
Hi all -

Wanted to thank you all for the best wishes.

It went really well, except that my 2 year-old son decided that he couldn't be bothered to wear his suit and walk up with us. He had more important things to attend to, as it was getting close to nap time.

So....Julie's mother took him into the back row, so they could watch.

While I was putting the ring on her finger....(Which just happened to be the most anxious moment in my life....) I hear my son say (loud enough for everyone to hear.....) "Nana......I went poopie."

Oh well, it's on videotape. I will keep it for when he is 16, and his girlfriend comes over to meet Julie and I.

Clockwork

--- 帖子 #879 ---
Dude that's a classic

--- 帖子 #880 ---
You have done well.  You thought process is right on IMHO.  You waited for the setup.  Entered with a plan on where to exit for profit and loss.  Monitored your trade accordingly and exited with a mindset of "I can always get back in on another setup".

Trading does not have to be a complicated evolution and you have clearly demonstrated that here.

Well done!

--- 帖子 #881 ---
Congratulations, man!

But, I got confused a little bit. You said it is your wedding, but your son is 2 years old already? Sorry, if anything annoying you.

--- 帖子 #882 ---
Glad you come back.

I have made three "calls" by now, A/U. U/C and A/U again. All of them proved valuable and profitable. I hope my callings based on Feb and your idea really helped fellow traders.

Yes, you and Feb's way of day-trading ideology are great!

David

--- 帖子 #883 ---
Hey V

Thanks for your words of reassurance it's really appreciated mate.

This is my first time trading in a December so I'm also trying to be cautious of big guys unwinding this month before the holidays and the lower liquidity usually around this time of year.

cheers

--- 帖子 #884 ---
Hi clockwork,

Best wishes from Europe too.

My daughter was 2 years old too when I got married.

Today I'm waiting that my wife came back from the scan to know if little Fab #3 is a little boy or little girl.  :-)

Cordialement,

Fabrice

--- 帖子 #885 ---
Hi Trader_V,

That's the kind of offering I cannot decline.  :-)

By the way, thanks for all Trader.

Fabrice

--- 帖子 #886 ---
Yes, we waited to get married until after he was born. I know, not conventional......but she was in school, and he had to have several surgeries as a newborn. So, in the scheme of things, we felt it could wait.

(he is 100% healthy now......thank God Julie is a nurse, and has great medical insurance.)

Clockwork

--- 帖子 #887 ---
Excellent!  Let us know if boy or girl.

We found out two weeks ago, there is another one on the way for us as well! We wont know if boy or girl for another 8 weeks I believe.

Maybe they can learn to trade together? :-)

Clockwork

--- 帖子 #888 ---
Yo CW... congrats. My wife is trying to get into Nursing school. Been crazy out in Cali... almost impossible to get in... she's tried for three years now...

--- 帖子 #889 ---
Sure thing Fab,

I am away from my charts for the next few days but as soon as I can get to them we will start going through some stuff.

Congrats on #3!!!  Man are you gonna be busy...lol

--- 帖子 #890 ---
Glad to know you kept your baby. He is the gift from God. In my country, abortions are very popular and I realy don't like this.

Wish more $$$ to your trading.

David

--- 帖子 #891 ---
From clockwork's reply, I understand what Fab#3 means.

Congratulations! I wish I could have #2, #3, ... and so on.

David

--- 帖子 #892 ---
How are you?

Looking forward to your charts.

David

--- 帖子 #893 ---
Doing great thanks for asking. I spent that week in FL for my vacation and I am now running around in the dessert...lol I will post a couple of pics when I get a chance.

I will try to get a chart or 2 up over the next couple of days as well. I read a thread here a short time back and went back over it again today due to some recent posts. I don't want to make any comments on it right now but let's just say there are some huge similarities in how we are trading.

Hope everyone is doing well. We will be back in action in no time. But in the mean time be patient lye in waiting for the perfect shot and then sqeeze (not jerk) the trigger.

See you soon folks

Cheers

--- 帖子 #894 ---
Hi Feb:

Waiting for you puuting something on  futures trading, thanks

Zee

--- 帖子 #895 ---
Ok, my first post on this thread.  I've read the entire thread over the past few days and I've been watching the daily charts closely.  Yesterday, I saw what I thought were three good trades based on the V pattern.  Just small positions to start/experiment.  Well, they all three got stopped out.  So, I'd like to post my charts and get some feedback as to whether I made wrong decisions, made some other errors, or just picked a bad day to start trying this out

First trade was EUR/USD.  It looked to me like this pair had maybe started out  of it's funk of the last couple weeks.  We had a short bullish candle followed by a longer bullish candle that took out the high of the previous candle forming the V pattern.  I entered at 1.4757 with the SL set to the bottom of the previous bullish candle (not the wick but the body).

Second trade was USD/CHF.  This one also looked to me like it was possibly coming out of it's correction.  On that daily chart we see a gap down to a small bearish candle, followed by a bigger bearish candle that took out the low of the previous candle.  I put in a short order at 1.1167 with the stop loss set at the top of the previous candle body.

Last trade was EUR/AUD.  That one has a small bullish candle followed by a bigger bullish candle that takes out he high of the previous 4 candles.  I put in a long order at 1.6953.  This one I put the stop loss at about halfway down the previous candle since the candle was extremely long and I didn't want to have a 310 pip SL.  Obviously if I would have put the SL at the bottom of the previous candle, that trade would still be ongoing, but at a huge loss right now.

My candles might look different than yours.  Mine are Alpari which starts the day at 23:00 GMT.

Any feedback would be appreciated.

Bruce

--- 帖子 #896 ---
Regarding the E/U trade

If there was a bullish "V" pattern established on the third leg of that candle it just barley made it higher than the previous high of 12/04 by only three pips.

That's when you go to the 4hr chart and try to "get a better price" as feb says and enter on the retrace. If you went to the 4hr charts you would see that we had a strong 4hr bearish "V" pattern that retraced all the way down to 1.4591.  looking at the 4hr charts I would have forgotten all about the Daily at that point and looked for a 4hr chart bearish entry point at around the lower low of the 3rd candle there at around the 1.4698 area and then waited for it to retrace a bit to 1.4720 and then rode it all the way down from there.

Right now were looking at a daily bar that looks like a DBHLC to me which in James16 lingo signals a down trend coming for tomorrow (after the retrace of course).

--- 帖子 #897 ---
Regarding the USD/CHF trade

perfect bearish "V" opportunity was on 11/19 at around the 1.1155 area or if more conservative approach on 11/20 at 1.1144 area.

11/27 first leg of "V" uptrend, confirmed on 11/29 at around 1.1195 area, once again wait for a retrace for entry. If you went to the 4hr chart on 11/29 after the higher high was made the very next 4hr bar retraced all the way down to 1.1155 for a really good entry point.

--- 帖子 #898 ---
Hey Bruce -

From what I understand (and from a previous post by the author of this thread), to keep things on the safe side, you are really looking for a picture perfect 3 candle setup.  The btm V candle being candle one......the second candle breaking the high...and the third candle continuing the momentum by breaking the high of the second candle therefore giving you an entry.

--- 帖子 #899 ---
Hi,

I'm quite new to the forum and I've been reading this thread all day (wow... so many pages) and I must say I am contagiated by the way of thinking you guys have shown here.

I would like to post here this image from USD/JPY as it is right now (4 hour chart).

As I understand there is the possibility as the pattern unfolds that the price cannot break the previous high of last week. I can see that the main trend is downward for a long time, so we should be aiming for opening a short position.

Now from what I've read I *think* that we should open the short position if the next two candles are bearish (meaning it failed to break the previous high and is likely to presume the downtrend) and set a stop near the previous high.

My question is: Have I learned anything from this thread or am I getting it completely wrong?

--- 帖子 #900 ---
Hey

I am visiting my daughter in Texas for Christmas . I am so sorry I haven't got around lately but you know how kids are. I am putting together some stuff very soon in another thread and will cover not only futures but I will include forex as well. I am not actively watching the market as this time is kinda slow for me.

I'll keep you guys posted

Peace

--- 帖子 #901 ---
My further questions above in blue.

Bruce

--- 帖子 #902 ---
Ok, that seems to be my general misunderstanding.  I'm one candle short in my analysis.

Thanks for the feedback people.

Bruce

--- 帖子 #903 ---
Bruce,

I don't want to speak on his behalf but......I think Trader V will sometimes play those 2 candle breakouts as it seems in some places throughout this thread that his style is a little more aggressive on his entries.  But he is very particular on when he will enter after two candles.

feb doesn't like the "false" breakouts that's why he prefers the confirmation of the higher high of the third candle.

--- 帖子 #904 ---
Hello Bruce,

I took exactly the same trade in EURUSD.

Here is my post-analysis of the trade and why I think now I would not have taken it.

1. As piphitman pointed out, the bullish bar high was only 3 pips higher than the bearish bar of 12/04.

2. I you go down to 4 hours chart, you can see that this bar lacks of momentum in the last hours.

3. We are entering the asian session, volumes decrease, the odds that momentum sets out again with the rise are low. (I think I will never open a position again after 20.00 GMT).

4. I was afraid to miss another long bullish bar, and still more important, I was afraid to have to set up a too large stop, so I let my emotions pull the trigger.  (I still have a problem with daily "large" stops as my account is quity tiny  :-),  in those conditions the "cut your losses quick" rule is hard to implement)

With regards to USDCHF I would have not taken the trade because its just another USD reserve currency pair  and not a commodity pair like USDCAD or AUDUSD. Moves are exactly the same with more or less volatility.

This was my first trade since I have read tons on trend following and price action. Before that, I was trading indicators in a hope mode. And I'm glad it was a loosing one, not to fall into an non-relevant euphoria.

Can experienced traders comments my thoughts here above ?

Have a nice day,

Fabrice

PS. it's a boy  :-)

--- 帖子 #905 ---
Have good time with your daughter. That is more important.

David

--- 帖子 #906 ---
Well, if you weren't making the mistake I was and actually you were trying to use the last candle which was just forming as your basis, then you have to remember what Feb said about waiting for the close of the candle.  That's so important in any system.  Never trade based on a candle in the middle because they can change a lot before close.  My problem was I only thought I needed 2 candles so I was just basing my decision on the two bullish candles that had already closed.  Either way, looks like we had the same result

Better luck to us next time

Bruce

--- 帖子 #907 ---
Hi all,

thanks for this great thread. I want to discuss another issue: The stops. Maybe it's worth an extra thread...

The most simple stop would be to just set it below the last recent low in an uptrend or the last recent high in a downtrend.

Let's take an example, the EUR/USD: We are in an uptrend. See my charts below. Imagine you've just entered using a stop-buy order above the last high.

If you place the stop below the last days low, you will be stopped out very soon.

There is another way to trail a stop. Just place it again below the last days low, BUT: If the last candle closes inside of the range of the day before, set the stop back to the day before (before that outside bar - marked with blue lines in my chart). This might sound strange, but if you have an inside bar, things might become choppy. The price may breakout on both sides of the outside bar. As long it doesn't close outside of that range, the stop will be still in place on the low before the outside bar. Just have a look at the 2nd chart...

That way you'll stay longer in your trade...

Regards - Xaron

--- 帖子 #908 ---
Hi  feb2865:

Welcome to the great state of TX, I live in the Dallas/fort worth area.

Have a great time

Regards

Zee

--- 帖子 #909 ---
Hi all,

Thanks for this great thread. I have read it all from start to finish this week and seek clarification about the entry process.

Please correct me if I am wrong - entry is when pullback (fractal, V formation) is confirmed by candle no.3 when it goes higher (uptrend) than candle no.2.

Now, feb says that "every trade must be done at the close", so does this mean that a trade is made at the close of candle no.3, or at he close of candle no. 2 at the point when candle no.3 moves higher than candle no.2?  If the latter, then the trader places a stop buy just above candle no2 close or can drop to H4 and seek a discount at that level? Still not quite clear either about the H4 approach but primarily I would appreciate clarification about the daily entry. (I need to take things one step at a time, having been far too impulsive in the past).

I am relatively new at forex, have traded for several months earlier in the year and have the scars to prove it! Taking your advice to focus on and perfect ONE approach -  and, having studied a range of methods the past 6 months, this "system (irony included)" appeals to me in its "simplicity" (not zillions of indicators to confuse) of application.

Thanks in advance (from one about to trade naked)

--- 帖子 #910 ---
I attach an example - usdcad Friday 7 Nov

We see the third candle in the V formation on Friday - as I think I understand feb's approach,

If I was trading this pair I would either already be in the trade, entering at the point where Friday's candle went higher than Thursday's candle OR I would be looking to enter tomorrow (Monday) using H4 to get a discount on Friday's candle???

Thanks again

--- 帖子 #911 ---
I would go short only after a daily close below the previous weekly low at

.9974  However, I would go long on a daily close above the previous days high.

BabeFX

--- 帖子 #912 ---
Xaron, this is a great tip. It is simple, and fits feb's system perfectly.

On another completely different topic. Is anyone else having problem with their metatrader platform? Mine is from NorthFinance and is crashing all the time. i have deleted it and dowloaded it again several times but the problem continues. Is there another MT4 broker that offers a demo version that does not expires?

--- 帖子 #913 ---
Hello Dear Alcastro, try either alpari.uk or www.strategybuilderfx.com

Both of them are not expiring and having no issue. My preference goes for alpari though

Hope it help

Sincerely

Shreem

--- 帖子 #914 ---
try ODL, it is based on GMT time too.

--- 帖子 #915 ---
attictrader,

I went long on the "V"/3rd candle on this pair on 11/09 and chickened out of it because of a bearish candle on 11/16. (made some nice pips though)

There was a nice pin bar on 12/05 for a trend reversal and the two bearish candles after that and the 12/07 candle you mention was a valid "signal" in my opinion, I didn't take it but if I was to consider it I would be looking at the 1.0068 area for my signal and then go down to a 4hr chart and try to get it at a better price. I wouldn't wait for the daily close, just the point in which the price goes lower than the previous candles low then it's "go time". The 4hr 08:00 GMT candle had a nice upward spike for you to get in at a better price.

Attached Image

--- 帖子 #916 ---
Piphitman

Thanks for the clarification example and the chart.....it is as I had thought after rereading the  notes I have made from this thread last night. Am dummy trading this week to ease myself back into trading live....hope to participate regularly to this thread.

--- 帖子 #917 ---
Cable "V" trade

--- 帖子 #918 ---
Thanks Shreem. i will give alpari a try.

--- 帖子 #919 ---
Hi Xaron!

I also use the same stops. Did you read, Das große Buch der Markttechnik, von M. Voigt. It is one of the best books I have ever read.

Regards Erkro

--- 帖子 #920 ---
I have read about the first 20 pages of this thread and will keep reading it but so far I have a couple of questions. Since you are using no indicators how are people here determining the "trend"? For some example, the GBP/USD seems to me to be in a down trend right now as it's making lower highs and lower lows. This could be a big correction or whatever because obviously the overall longterm trend is up. The USD/Yen seems to be in kind of a similar situation.

At a time like this would you be taking bullish or bearish signals for trade entries (or waiting for the long term trend to reestablish itself)? I'm just curious because if everyone is waiting for the looong term trends to reestablish it could be several weeks or even months of no trades. Thanks for any clarification...

--- 帖子 #921 ---
Betard,

The way I determine trend is by first looking at the Weekly candles. If we make a new weekly high close, then look for long signals on the daily charts.

If we make a new Weekly low close, then look for short signals on the daily charts.

Regards,

BabeFX.

--- 帖子 #922 ---
Why did you get out of the trade after the 1st. day. Why didn't you stay with it? At that moment there was nothing that will let you know where the next candle will close ...or was it ?

--- 帖子 #923 ---
Re:"V" Cable trade

I got out of that trade because it had already pushed all the way up to 2.0487 (already more than I had expected based on the previous days prices) and then it started to retrace.  It came down almost 50 pips from it's high and I didn't want to get less than 100 pips on that trade so i just bailed out.  I'm glad I did, the next daily candle retraced all the way down to my initial entry point.

--- 帖子 #924 ---
Hello Betard,

I have used MA crossing, price channel, oscillators and the problem is in the fine tuning between the lag and trying to avoid false signals.

For instance, take a MA 50 and make the assumption that when the price is above the MA it is a up trend and when the price is under the MA it is a down trend. You will have a lot of corrections that you will not trade because the price is under the MA, so, regarding your assumption, you are no more in a up trend. If you decide to increase the MA period, you will have much more lag and still be unsecure.

Eventually, I came to the conclusion that if I can draw a "trend line" in a 300 bars daily chart, that's the trend, period.  :-)

Ok, for the moment I can draw two lines :-)),  a rising one and a downward one. So I will add to my trend definition and say that: "A trend starts from an inflection point".

At this moment you may consider probabilities. Wich is the probability that the top of november is an inflection point ? There is no evidence. No double top, no weekly resistance, no major world event in the past weeks. I would say 10 then % ??? The iraki war had ended I would say 70 %, maybe ???

So, a trend is never black or white, it's a matter of probabilities.

I will reconsider this if weekly chart fails to make a higher high in the upcomming weeks and trade inverse V formation but with fewer lots.

For the moment I still consider it is a 90% up trend and I think that the correction can go to 1.4300 (if you have a look at weekly chart)

Fabrice

--- 帖子 #925 ---
Yes, il could be several weeks of no trades in one pair but fortunately there is always a much clearer situation in another pair.

Fabrice

--- 帖子 #926 ---
Thanks for the response Fab. My question was about GBP/USD not euro/usd. I do agree with you on the euro trend, but with the cable and some other pairs I don't think we can tell (at least I can't tell) if it's a trend reversal or a big correction or if we'll be ranging around 2.00 all 2008!

Sorry if this is getting off topic but this seems important because right now most of the long term trends are in a correction/reversal and if you're just going with the long term trend you might not be trading any of the major pairs for quite a while using this system.

I think that 4 hour "V" entries might be good for pairs such as gbp/usd (short signals only) because we're clearly in a short term downtrend, and I may start taking these on a demo account to see how it works. This might not be as reliable as daily signals but it allows for some trades that seem to be high-probability to me. I'm still a newbie so I don't know too much these are just my opinions.

--- 帖子 #927 ---
Betard,

First I'm a newbie too. I've just broke my first account and currently looking for another broker. Those statements are just my opinions.  ;-)

I only have a set of rules that apply to long term trading, so I will stick to them. "it’s the sitting and waiting that makes the money…." (Jessie Livermoore)

I don't know. I think that you can theorically make more pips by trading the 4H chart but you will actually have a lot of stops. Eventually I think that valid 4H entries "matches" daily entries. So, regarding probabilities, I prefer to take daily entries.

--- 帖子 #928 ---
I have to chime in here....

I have found that typically 4 hour and Daily entries/exits tend to be very similar.

The main difference of course is that a 4 hour stop can be smaller.

However, at the end of the day, I don't think it matters much, as essentially you are doing the same thing.

You can use this theory for all time frames, just that the shorter you go....the smaller profits tend to be.

It is actually a system I use to scalp in a special scalping account I have. It's my play money.

"V" formations are about the only thing that works consistently in my opinion.....the rest is just noise. As a side note......a 4 hour pinbar is just a version of this exact same theory. This is why us James16 guys like this thread....it's actually very similar to what we do, only simplified even more.

Feb and James would be good friends, I am sure.

Clockwork

--- 帖子 #929 ---
Well stated Clockwork.  Well stated indeed

--- 帖子 #930 ---
Hi everyone!  I hope you all are having a great holiday season!  I know I am

I noticed come questions about trend direction and referencing longer time frames.  So I put together this little document to hopefully show how I do some things.  It's by no means extremly comprehensive but I hope it will be helpful for some of you.

If you have questions or comments I encourage you to ask.  With your help I may be able to clear up some areas of this doc that may be vauge or not well explained so that others can get some use of this.

Cheers,

Trader_V

--- 帖子 #931 ---
Great job Trader_V.

Your way of reading the trend is exactly the same that the one I decided to adopt after having also tested all the possible indicators. Your document is a true confirmation for me that I eventually start to be on the good way.

Fabrice

--- 帖子 #932 ---
Hey Fab -

Last time I heard, your wife was going to find out if you are having a boy or girl......so which one is it?

We are still about 4 weeks from knowing ourselves.

Clockwork

--- 帖子 #933 ---
Great document Trader_V. I also look at the long trade frames but many times I am confused at what I am seeing and suffer from paralysis by analysis. I think your document will help me fight this disease.

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #934 ---
Hi Trader_V

Thanks very much for your X'mas gift that helps me a lot in looking at the trends in multitime frames.

One question, say it's trending up in daily or weekly and there's a retracement without breaking the trend, do you mean we simply look for breakout upward (using 1-2-3 formation or breakup of H4 trend line) in H4 to enter a long position? Or you will also consider to go shorts when it's downtrending on H4 during the retracement on the uptrending daily or weekly charts? Thanks.

regards,

pipal

--- 帖子 #935 ---
Thanks for the responses guys and thanks for putting that document together Trader_V!!

--- 帖子 #936 ---
Thank you TV!

Great work! I downloaded the doc, and I will spend a day tomorrow to read carefully.

Have a good time and bring my greeting to your wife.

David.

P.S. Wonder why feb didn't show up. Tell him, we miss him.

--- 帖子 #937 ---
Great Question Pipal!  I will attempt to clarify for you in the quote below.  I am in a London airport in transit back home so I don't have any charts to provide examples.  Hopefully my words will come through clearly.  If not i will post a chart or 2 when I get home.

--- 帖子 #938 ---
Hi folks,

I am glad that everyone is enjoying my little doc that I put up.  I really do hope it helps some of you in some way.  Sometimes it just takes one little thing to make all the things you have learned up to this point to come together.  Maybe this doc was that one thing or maybe someones post in here will be it.  I don't know, but what I do know is only those who stick with it and work through the frustrations and not only apply what they learn but truly understand what they learn will be successful in trading.

So stick with it take your time and study, apply, rest and repeat.  Hey I think I shall coin that phrase and call it STARR  (Study, Apply, Rest, Repeat).  That's probably the most brilliant thing I have ever come up with...LOL

David,

Thank you for the warm wishes and will let her know you say hello right after I say hello

Cheers everyone!  and Happy Holidays

Sincerely,

TV

--- 帖子 #939 ---
Trader_V

Is the 1 2 3 system you talk about the one Mark Crisp described or is it another one?

FP

--- 帖子 #940 ---
Uh.... Who's Mark Crisp...?

--- 帖子 #941 ---
Hi TV,

I found some documents among one which described the 1 2 3 system.

See http://www.trading-naked.com/Articles_and_Reprints.htm

greets,

FP

--- 帖子 #942 ---
another 1-2-3 article

http://www.trade2win.com/traderpedia/1-2-3_formation

--- 帖子 #943 ---
Hi folks,

Ok here is a trade I entered today.  It's not picture perfect as far as the example I was speaking of earlier but it is still a good trade nonetheless.

It shows an example of how and why I take a trade opposite the major trend.

On the weekly chart we can see that last wek closd on weakness and at an area of previous resistance.  So this to me is a heads up that a trade opportunity could happen.

So I watch the 4H chart.  WOW look at all the weakness from the previous weeks highs.  Ok clearly something may happen here.  Then look at the are in the blue box.  This is where I entered.  I know I have not got into a lot of detail yet about entries outside of the 1-2-3 formations but this is how I do it.  If you look cloesly in the blue box you will see whee there is a 3 bars that form a failed high. This is what I am looking for.  but it's not just that this formation appreared it's the fact that this formation occured after breaking back down through previous support and the formation of last wek on th weekly chart.

Right now this trade is up 88 pips my TP zone is the blue line at the bottom of the chart but I will watch closely at the blue line marked Trouble area.

Also I am locked in for profi at the yellow line.

See if you can figure out why I marked it a trouble area.

Let's see how this trade goes

--- 帖子 #944 ---
This is a great site FP.  I came across this site about 2 years ago.  There is a lot of grea information on here.  Much of it is geared to the futures and stock markets but it still applies.

--- 帖子 #945 ---
Hi Trader_V,

Thank you for your detailed explanation and examples of trading with chart formations and S/R levels.  I tended to use it from time to time but now I try to focus on them without using indicators. It may take some time for me to train to be skillful at it and have a better feelings of what's happening and what's going to happen after an entry.

For the 1-2-3 formation or alike, I understand you trade at H4 and higher. But it's my own personal limitation  that I tend to go to the smaller timeframe for better entry level after finding a trend in H4 or daily chart. In the smaller timeframe it appears to me it is more safe to enter a trade at 3, ie. S1, S2... (after seeing some support there) rather than breaking out of 2 =, ie. E1, E2... For entry after breakout of 2, it could be a false breakout of 2 if I don't wait for some support after 2. If I enter after some support after breakout of 2, it's already pretty close to next reisistance level, due to the smaller timeframe problem.

Back to entry at 3, when the price is going to 2, I can be already in some profit seeing if it can breakout at 2, and then become a bigger run. If it can't breakout at 2, and retrace back to 3, I can be stopped out with a little profit or breakeven, just like trading in channels.

--- 帖子 #946 ---
Hi Trader_V,

Was just going through some of the posts here and the document you posted...great stuff...thanks.

Any comments on attached chart from anyone?

--- 帖子 #947 ---
As you can see price pulled back and stopped me out at 1.6577 for a profit of 63 pips.

--- 帖子 #948 ---
Tanks Oromis.

Ok here is how I see things.

The line is clearly a S/R zone.  Last time here it bounced hard at the purple box.  We find ourselves here again and ned to watch carefully.  If prices break through the blue line we will likely drop to the 1.6460 1.6480 area.  so if a new swing high is formed befoe reaching the area where the Caution to the up side sign is then I would look for a short.  But there may be another swing low created next which could see us go even higher and a return to the dominant trend.

This is where being patient pays off.  Watch it see what forms and when it becomes a clear trigger formation PULL THE TRIGGER

Cheers!

--- 帖子 #949 ---
Ok, thanks for the reply...let's see what it does.

--- 帖子 #950 ---
Thanks again Trader V for your contribution

--- 帖子 #951 ---
Trader V,

I've been spending some time over in "Skunny"'s thread.

Looking at your  EUR/CHF chart  I see a couple of things.

after placing a fib on the previous weekly candle I then went down to the 4hr chart and see that the S/R line you have drawn is just above the 38% fib too.

after the candles clean break of the 38% fib there was some interesting things going on there.

1) a "V" formation on the 4hr candles

2) after the clean break of the 38% fib, there were then 5 consecutive 4hr candle attempts at breaking back through the 38% fib but none were successful, some penetrated but none actually closed above the 38% fib.

3) looking at it in hind sight I can see that the 38% fib was a perfect entry point, and your TP level was dead on.

excellent

--- 帖子 #952 ---
Hi Piphitman,

Thanks for the Kudos and observations.  The funny thing is of all this, I don't draw Fib retracements   I just call it like I see it on the charts.  Areas of S/R are easy to find and recognize with a little practice.  These areas are of real importance as you have seen and they sometimes coinside with other things such as trendlines, fibs, and other technical tools.

I would like to the Eur/Usd chart here.  It explains this perfectly.  Dropping a Fib on this last swing we can see price has retraced to the 61.8 level.  And it just so happens tat this level is also a zone of previous resistance to the upside which could prove to be very important and and become a great support level.  I will be watching price action in this area to see if the bullish trend shall continue.

But these are kust the observations of a lonely trader

--- 帖子 #953 ---
Ok I know I posted an update previously but I just wanted to show how price has reacted to the areas that I have pointed out on a previous chart I posted here.

If we can get out of our own way price will show us what it want to do.

Remember STARR  (Study, Apply, Rest, Repeat)

--- 帖子 #954 ---
V Trader,

after looking at that EUR/CHF last night I was looking at the EUR/USD this morning too.....

once again I dropped a weekly fib (in red)

then I dropped down to 4hr and dropped a 4rh fib in blue off the hi/low

then it happened again.....almost exactly the same as your EUR/CHF

the 4hr 50% fib (blue) saw a clean break downward, then "5" penetrations but no break.

Then we saw a clean break below the weekly low, the 4hr 38% fib, and a strong support level. then it was BAMMMMM.......go time!!!

Now I'm still learning about all this Price Action stuff but I believe in James16 speak we could call this some major "convergance" couldn't we???

I think that is a perfect example of waiting for a trade to come to you instead of running after one.......aka, be a sniper, don't use a shotgun.

--- 帖子 #955 ---
...and thanks for your kind contribution to this thread.

Fabrice

--- 帖子 #956 ---
You got it my friend!  James calls it confluence.  The coming together of multiple signs that price may react in a specified area.  Wit for it to happen and this will add value to your trades.

Trust me I am a sniper in real life and patience is a huge piece of the puzzle.

Excellent observations and congrats on the progress.

All the best and Merry Christmas to all here.

TV

--- 帖子 #957 ---
Merry Christmas traders where ever you are in the world

--- 帖子 #958 ---
Merry Chrismas to you, Feb and all the other friends here.

Your E/U chart is great, I will follow this pair to see if it will end dropping and increase again.

P.S. Where is Feb?

P.S. No. 2:  Eur and Chf are highly correlated (about 90%). Some friends told me that EUR/CHF sucks: the range of change is very narrow.

--- 帖子 #959 ---
HAPPY NEW YEAR   everybody.

May 2008 be the year you throw away your old work shackles and trade full time.

Regards,

BabeFX.

--- 帖子 #960 ---
For what it is worth, my biggest gain to date was with EUR/CHF. However, I tend to agree that it doesn't move as fast.

As for Feb.....good question. Although, I would suspect that there aren't too many things to write about during the holidays for an old pro like him.

Good luck in '08 everyone.

Clockwork

--- 帖子 #961 ---
Merry christmas and happy new year everyone

I sincerely hope this 2008 brings you the best

I'll be traveling quite often for 2008. If you guys have  a question, don't hesitate to send me a PM or something.

Peace

--- 帖子 #962 ---
Cheers Feb and all the best to you and everyone in 2008

--- 帖子 #963 ---
Happy new year and may the "System" be with us.

I'm glad you will stay with us in 2008 feb. Do you plan to travel to Europe ?

Fabrice

--- 帖子 #964 ---
Yes I will. Probaly in the summer.

Peace

--- 帖子 #965 ---
Happy new year to you also.  And wish you a prosperous 2008. My greetings to your daughter and son.

Hope you enjoy your traveling. Any plan to visit China to see Great Wall and 2008 Oplympics?

David.

--- 帖子 #966 ---
Hello,

How are you doing in this new year trading conditions ?

Is someone making pips on something ?  :-)

Fabrice.

--- 帖子 #967 ---
Clockwork,

It's a boy.  :-)

--- 帖子 #968 ---
My broker sends me email alerts on price level but I can't stay at my desk all day long. I'm looking for a way to forward email alerts to sms.

Any suggestion ?

Thanks,

Fabrice.

--- 帖子 #969 ---
hello , is this thread dead??, i really enjoy reading this, hope feb trader v and the others keep continue their work,

--- 帖子 #970 ---
You may try mobile phone with internet function i.e. WAP or GPRS. Some brokers(FXCM?)  provide  mobile phone platform.

--- 帖子 #971 ---
Thanks for the reply.

I phoned my mobile phone company and they provide me with an email address with automatic sms notifications.

So, I have now a broker with a platform that run through http firewall, that sends alerts, permits to trade options and gold and I can receive sms notifications at work, in the train and in my bed. Isn't life beautiful ?  :-)

Fabrice,

Going mobile.

--- 帖子 #972 ---
Good. So after you received SMS, then you can open your platform to trade?

That's wonderful. I will have a mobile phone which can show forex prices and charts one day, so I can do excercises in body with no need to watch the screen all the time.

--- 帖子 #973 ---
Woo Hoo! Cool!

I will find out on January 28th myself.

Clockwork

--- 帖子 #974 ---
Must be a boy too!

--- 帖子 #975 ---
hello feb , trader v and other contributor, just wanna to say thank u for ur hindsight, coz for the past 3 month i make positive pips averaging 200 pips per month on 3 pair, just by learning your system, and i know there is alot room to improve my trading

thats why i hope this thread will keep alive

cheers

best regard

- ERNEST

--- 帖子 #976 ---
Hello guys

another big year. I sincerely hope for all of you the best

I am so sorry I can't pots as I used to but as I mentioned I'll be quite busy this year. I humbly believe this thread has enough information from plenty of savvy traders . I suggest you can use it as reference in order to build a decent framework for you to deal with this beast we all call markets. If you see I take a little longer in reply, even PM please bear with me. Eventually I'll get to your question.

I'll give you just a quick reminder about a situation that has become very common lately in my private practice I would like to share with you with all respect.

Brokers, as well as insurance companies are build crafty and strategically  to make money. The broker is not your friend nor your enemy. Puts you in front of the market that's pretty much it's job. If you can afford capital wise to be a full-lot trader, I strongly suggest to take a look at currency futures.

It's your entire responsibility how you manage your capital/leverage when you're ready to trade. I cannot stress that enough.

If you have a nice formation but the swing high/low goes beyond your capital risk, consider lower your gear or simply...do not trade. I swear there will be plenty of chances more. Remember, you can trade with 1 lot/contract, it's not a big deal. Stay put and wait for the best one (even if you're trading intraday or scalping same rules apply)

Be the predator...not the prey

Peace

--- 帖子 #977 ---
thank u feb,

could u throw some idea regarding exit, im still struglling with exit, for the past 3 month even though im on green pips, but i left out much more pips on the table,

for instance i already 400 pip positive in a trade but only take 100 pip in profit,

thank u

--- 帖子 #978 ---
Nice to hear from you feb.  We, juniors, really miss the great posts from you, old_not_dead, TraderV..

Looking forward to the valuable inputs.

TradeStar

--- 帖子 #979 ---
Hello guys

for all of you who has concerns about the current market situation

There's a lot of concern outhere and investors are parking their cash in dollars, gold and bonds.  I believe big guns are preceiving this as a "bear market" and the panic is on the house. Whenever this happens, the dollar get stronger hence EUR/USD dives. How long wil it last??nobody knows for sure.

You trade what you see....if the trend is down - so go short

for those who trade futures - gold and  30yr bonds are sweet.

peace

--- 帖子 #980 ---
Thanks for the heads up Feb it's definitely volatile at the moment.

--- 帖子 #981 ---
Ok it's been a bit quiet with the chart posting on this thread (understandable with the financial meltdown that's been going on) so I thought I'd add one of my recent trades.

I'm in actually a bit early than usual with this trade. Jumped the gun at the break of the pin bar and then added another position as I was offered a discount. Feb would usually wait for the break of the previous bar, by the one that's forming now.

I've lowered my lot size to account for the extra risk and divided my position into 3 as I'm pyramiding in when price offers discounts but still moves in my direction.

I'll update as my trade progresses

cheers

--- 帖子 #982 ---
Hi letitride,

I also took the same trade based on the daily pin yesterday at 0.7480.

However, in the 240' chart there is a price pivot resistance at 0.7483 and the 38.2% fib resistance from the previous high is  also resting somewhere near there. Strong resistance here given the numbers of 240' bars that failed.

I figured I want to see some momentum if price were to break and go up so I drew an uptrend line (see attached chart). If price stalled and closed below this trend line I'd rather be out early.

I think such situation is pretty common where we have a long/short signal in the higher time frame but when we go down to the lower time frame we find an opposing resistance/support. I would really appreciate any comment and inputs, especially from the seniors (Feb, Trader_V, Old_Not_Dead, etc.) on how such situation should be handled.

Thank you all.

--- 帖子 #983 ---
Supra

I use 240m charts as a "discount price window"

My main analysis is at the daily charts - It's where I have my setups (stops, profit targets, etc) already in place.

Once you spot a possible entry at the daily charts,  look for a better price in a lower time. The fractals, resistance/support/pivots etc. are not important because you already established that in a higher time frame.

A lower time frame entry is just about actual price. If you can establish on a higher time frame a possible entry around...let's say 14550, you step down to a lower time frame and wait for a pullback to 14500 area - more or less, you know it doesn't have to be an exact precise price.

Just be careful not to miss the bus. If momentum picks up to your side, go market with no hesitation.

Also you can try this on a 240/60m combo, just be aware of the noise

Peace

--- 帖子 #984 ---
hi feb,

Quick question on one of your earlier posts:

You say you go for bargain price on 4 hr. fine.

Do you do this after the daily candle which takes out the high of the reversal candle is closed?

Or as soon as the high of the reversal candle is broken.

Thanks much

TradeStar

--- 帖子 #985 ---
Hi Feb,

Thank you for your inputs. I would appreciate more clarifications here if you don't mind.

Do you enter the pullback in the 240 the same way you get established on the daily, that is when you get a bar with a higher high signifying that the pullback has ended?

--- 帖子 #986 ---
Everyting at the close of the candle/bar

--- 帖子 #987 ---
At the moment I get the bar with a higher/high - lower low on the daily charts, I beging to look for the discount - but the daily bar has to close first.

Don't get too focused on a pattern. As I said before, look for actual price.

The daily bar closed @ 1.4500 well try to get 50 point less (in case of long trade)

Listen guys, you don't have to do this. This is completely optional.

The daily bar that closes above/below forming the V-Pattern has a range. If is bullish and the high is 1.45,  what you do  is zooming into 4 hout charts trying to get a better price (long ) than 1.45. But you have yo keep and eye on the daily charts just in case the market picks up in momentum and breaks the range of the bar.

Peace

--- 帖子 #988 ---
Hi feb,

Thank you.

One more quick question, if don't mind, please

What if the bullish candle does take out the high of the reversal candle however does not close above the high of the reversal candle.

In this case, do we wait for another daily candle to close above the reversal candle's high before we start entering

Secondly, let's say there was a perfect V formation and we missed it on the day of formation. Can we simply enter at the close of the next day or wait for 23 or 32 percent retracement on daily.

Thanks much,

TradeStar

--- 帖子 #989 ---
I'm not feb but here is my opinion.

Normaly, if the close is not above the previous high it's not the pattern we are looking for but I think that if previous bar is a morning star with a long tail and current close is not far from the previous high I should step in.

To your second question.

You missed it so... you missed it but I would jump in if the current bar is a retracement not taking the open of the previous one. If the missed trade has already made some pips, the stop must be placed too far away, the odds are not attractive anymore.

Fabrice

--- 帖子 #990 ---
Hi Supra

Yes it looks like that strong failure in the 4hr candles was indeed a warning sign I refused to take notice of. In hindsight I now realize I should of closed my position earlier. It now seems I have myself caught in a head 'n' shoulders formation which has a high probability of completion if the neckline gives way . I was out and unable to manage this trade properly.

The only saving grace at the moment is the double zero and the neckline  is still in tact.

I still have my stop loss in place at .7370. I will most probably look to close my position on Monday as price breaks below .7400. The only reason for me to keep this trade open is if on Monday price gaps(yes I know what your thinking but I do get gaps on my MT4 and price has respected these in the past) up and then I'll look to get out closer to break even.

cheers

p.s. thanks Feb for still participating in your thread I'm sure everyone here appreciates it.

--- 帖子 #991 ---
I think I see your point now. Once established on the daily, keep it simple and don't overcomplicate things, just try to find a discount in the 240 but make sure not to miss the bus if price should rally.

Thank you very much, Feb.

--- 帖子 #992 ---
Hi Letitride,

I exit the trade when price closed below my uptrend line at 0.7468.

All the best to you.

Cheers.

--- 帖子 #993 ---
Hi Supra,

Just read this post and what you are calling a pin bar really doesn't fit the description of a pin bar. This is more of an indecisive bar. Here is some information on pin bars. Hope it helps.

--- 帖子 #994 ---
Hi Ozziedave,

Yes, it's not a good pin bar. The nose is a bit short relative to left eye and the right eye is a way off on the higher side. But I wouldn't call this a neutral or indecision bar either as the body is on the upper range of the bar.

But these are the supporting reasons why I took this trade:

+ EUR/GBP is in a strong uptrend

+ Imperfect pin bar resting on a confluence between 38.2% fib support and 240 ppz at around 0.7406

I believe Letitride have the same reasonings.

Anyway, I thank you for sharing the excellent info on the pin bar. It's most appreciated, mate.

--- 帖子 #995 ---
Hi Supra,

Didn't read all of the posts and didn't notice the supporting reasons for the trade. Next time I'll have to read a bit more before I respond.

--- 帖子 #996 ---
Hi Ozziedave,

Not your fault at all. I didn't state the supporting reasons in the earlier posts, so did Letitride.

Just felt like adding them for what it's worth here. I hope I don't sound defensive to your inputs. Please do keep them coming.

Cheers.

--- 帖子 #997 ---
Hi all

Well I closed my trade late yesterday. We had a bounce back up in price so I was able to exit with a small loss. I know this pair is slow but I've run out of patience on this trade it just hasn't panned out how i would of liked. Oh well I'll take my loss and move onto the next set up.

happy trading to all

--- 帖子 #998 ---
don't mind me asking this but say the 1-2-3 method comes into play but point (2) is very close to support or resistance, am i better off not going for it ?

i've read that the 1-2-3 method should be used only when point (1) breaks a trendline but if it doesn't, it's just plain old simple breakout, isn't ?

many thanks......

--- 帖子 #999 ---
YES.........we have a little boy. ;-)

He will be here June 20th or so....

Clockwork

--- 帖子 #1000 ---
Congratulations! Nice job!

Wonder if you have time to trade forex after he comes to this world.

--- 帖子 #1001 ---
Congratulations! Now you can multitask easier. You will be always awake for the London session.

--- 帖子 #1002 ---
Congrats, clockwork

welcome to parenthood. I assure you it will be a fun ride, despite any situations in between.

If I have the choice I will be a daddy again.

Peace

--- 帖子 #1003 ---
Hi all,

I know this thread is less active now, i came upon it a few weeks ago. But still, I like to say a BIG THANKS to the Thread Starter - FEB plus Trader V & Old Dog.
Coz this thread has given me 2 "ÄHA" moments, and has made a difference to my trading.

Thank you coz:
1) Feb's continuous advises on all aspects of trading. My main problem is the FEAR of losing. I am so scared to be wrong even though i only trading mini lot then (i have now change to micro lots).  I kept on demo-ing and took very few live trades only i am so dead sure. At times even when i am dead sure, i am still scared of pressing the btn. So its has been a struggle for many many months.

2) The reference to Jesse Livermore. I finally picked up the book and is blown away! His quote "Back my opinion with my money." has helped me to move a hugh leap over fear of trading. Now i trade in microlots rather then demo trade.

3) Trader V and Old Dog. Trader V has been kind to share his analysis while old dog's fews posts esp his description of his decision process has given me the "ÄHA". All of a sudden Price Action is much more clearer now and less mystical.

Thank you so much everyone.

--- 帖子 #1004 ---
couldnt agree more, this is one of the best thread i had been follow

--- 帖子 #1005 ---
never thought of it that way Milan......lol

--- 帖子 #1006 ---
Actually, this will force me to play longer term charts......which is where I should be focused anyway.

4 hour is ok, Daily is great.....low leverage, big returns.

Thanks all.

--- 帖子 #1007 ---
From price action perspective, would we see this GBP chart as a buying opportunity at a bargain price, or would we wait for V confirmation of close above the weekly reversal?

May be this is the basic question about the whole trading, still would like to see how the group thinks, who are more focussed on PA and indicator free trading.

Thanks much

TradeStar

--- 帖子 #1008 ---
Well, if you are trading weekly "V" formations I would first wait till the higher hi has been broken on the upcoming third candle this week and it looks like it'll have to breach around the 1.9957 area (green arrow)to do that. But I'd be waiting to see more immediately what happens on the bounce area of the (red arrow)  before I guessed where the week was headed.

--- 帖子 #1009 ---
Hello Feb, this is my first post in the forums.  Thank you so much for this thread, it's been so helpful!  May I ask about the trades at big numbers that you wrote about earlier--just a simple question but not quite clear to me, do you put your sell order just below the number, if price is rising toward it, to trade the bounce back from profit taking, for example?  Or do you wait till price has passed the number by a few pips before selling in this case?  (And vice versa for price falling toward the number?)  I see the patterns you describe so often but I'm not sure of your exact technique.  Many thanks, if you have time to reply!  and thank you again for all your wisdom.  Nina

--- 帖子 #1010 ---
Hello nina and welcome Congratulations on your first post and feel free to ask any questions.  This year it's been quite busy for me but I peek around here from time to time. My sincere apologies if my response is somehow delayed.

Once I get a break from the higher high - lower low on a V-formation, I try to get a better price (not pattern) on a lower time frame. As I trade currency futures which is a true zero-sum game, I always try to use limit orders to get the most better price possible. But you need to be aware that sometimes is just not possible as the market picks up momentum and you shouldn't miss the bus.

Once you get a signal, it's all about price. Lets assume that the market is breaking 1.45 on the way up. Well wait and see if you get a pullback to 1.4450 area o go long. You don't have to get a better price if you want to. This is a completely optional strategy. If you still have doubts, please don't hesitate to ask. I just catch a cold so I'll be home the rest of the week, meaning my response will be faster.

Hope it helps

Peace

--- 帖子 #1011 ---
To all of you who have asked me about lower time frames, faster trades and the like

I don't trade forex lower than 1 day/4hr combo. I am very picky on my trades. I trade mini S&P(es) on five minutes charts (1 minute of Fed's announcements) and I use exclusively pivot points among other S/R lines.

About market correlations, I prefer not to talk about it in this forum as I use and arb strategy that might sound a little offensive to the sponsors of this site and I will abide this site rules 100%

Peace

--- 帖子 #1012 ---
Thank you very much for your time and reply Feb. I think I understand what you have been teaching us as your main strategy. I was just asking about this other method that you mentioned, around the pivots or big numbers, exactly how you set your resting orders as the price approaches from below or above. I hope this isn't too simple or a diversion from your main points, but would be very helpful to understand! Warm regards, Nina

--- 帖子 #1013 ---
Ok ..this was probably mentioned as someone I believe clockwork was talking about pivot points

I fade pivot points on the S&P (ES)  I place stop orders against the pivots. if the market is moving toward the pivot, I place a resting (stop) order 1 point (4 ticks ) above/below the pivot. If the market is moving long toward the pivot, my order would be short 4 ticks below the pivot. If the market is moving short toward the pivot, my order will be 4 ticks long above the pivot. I set my loss at the other side of the pivot and as the market moves in my favor, I trail my stop manually. This is very important 'cause if you let the program set you trailing, sometimes momentum could kill your position.

Forex speaking,  I don't play this strategy  I took a peek once on the GPB/JPY  using 144 tick charts  and worked nicely. S&P market really respect these lines in a extremely high percentage. Probably better than any other market I have ever seen so far.

If you're going to use them in spot forex, make sure your broker's clock is setup at exactly 00:00 GMT and your pivots are setup at 00:00GMT.

I personally don't recommend any par other tha GPB/JPY for pivot trading. They might work in other pairs but not as accurate.

Peace

--- 帖子 #1014 ---
Thank you Feb, that's just what I was asking.  This could work with big numbers as well as pivots, on main pairs, couldn't it?  Nina

--- 帖子 #1015 ---
Absolutely

Also look for the high/low of the past session. You can fade these numbers as well.

The opening price will be another place you can fade

I normally have on my charts(S&P) - pivot points, daily, weekly and monthly. Pivot points daily midranges and high/low of the past session. Surprisingly the market reacts pretty often at these prices.

In forex, look for round numbers AKA 1.4500 etc - nice fade trades.

peace

--- 帖子 #1016 ---
Thanks so much again Feb, this is so helpful to use.  I really appreciate your generous replies, to me and to all.  Warm regards.

--- 帖子 #1017 ---
you're welcome

Peace

--- 帖子 #1018 ---
HI Feb

Great thread.

Thank you very much for sharing

your methods with us

Especially the Irony, LOL

I was just wondering if this is what you would call a pull back on Eur/Aud and

if so how would you go about entering short here....?

I just took this screen shot.

Thank you in advance,

Donagh

--- 帖子 #1019 ---
Seems as though this thread is dead.

Pity

I was wondering does anyone here ever trade gbp/chf ??

--- 帖子 #1020 ---
Hi, clockwork.

As an amatuer trader, it is quite OK trading on 4H and daily charts IMHO.

But for full time and professional trader, trading on daily chart sometimes got nothing because market could be a ranging market.

I longed Usd/Jpy 4 weeks ago based on daily chart and I am still holding them. The profits are less than 100 pips.

Good Luck.

--- 帖子 #1021 ---
Hi ironic system followers,

How are you doing ? How many pips ?

Fabrice

--- 帖子 #1022 ---
Hi, feb:

How are you doing? Every thing is OK.

I want to say thank you for that you started this thread challenging a so called cournelius system. And that system and its owner turned to be a scam and a big liar.

Thank you for leading us to the right path. I sent a PM to you please check.

And also greetings to Trader_V, wish he is also doing well, and clockwork71, Fab are also doing well.

David

--- 帖子 #1023 ---
Yes Feb....

How are you mate?

Let us know how life goes.

--- 帖子 #1024 ---
Hey Green David

I am glad I helped you. I lurke here form time to time but I am not a big fan of posting. I am always available .That cornelius system turned out to be a scam...unbelievable!!!

I've started to look at USD/JPY for scalping. But I still prefer to scalp-intraday futures/S&P- ES.

Peace

--- 帖子 #1025 ---
Hey clockwork

same old rutine. Scalping ES . Still holding the Euro.

Peace

--- 帖子 #1026 ---
Never too late for a first post...

I've found this thread by a link in some other thread that evolved to that "pro" X "newbies" game ...

As I have to see lots of patients all day long I'm still in page 22, but this is by far the best thread I've seen here so far. All you know so much, replying to everyone so politely and respectfully... It´s hard to see this behavior  nowadays  ....

The theory is  so simple to understand,  and so logic that  seems almost unreal. It's not another profitable system that you apply blindly... It makes you scratch your head and spend all your ATPs (what? It means Adenosine-Tri-Phosphate, the biological fuel of the brain's cells ) to understand half of the gold-worth informations here...

Thanks a lot Feb, and all the others! Keep the high level!

PS: My wife still doesn't understand what the hell am I doing wearing only a  pair of socks in front of the monitor! I'm learning to trade naked, of course!

Greetings from Brazil!

http://www.mycomputerhurts.com/Naked...puterC0610.jpg

Added later: Post #526 is going to the printer right now. I'll stick it to the monitor. And I'll try hard to stick it to MY BRAIN..... lol

--- 帖子 #1027 ---
Still holding E/U long positions? What a kind of patience!

Scalping SP futures.

Quite mixed trading style.

--- 帖子 #1028 ---
Ive read this thread in 3 days - reading , digesting and confused - but abolsutely brilliant

Thank you to everyone - now the hard part trying to demo it

Please dont let this thread die

--- 帖子 #1029 ---
I guess people grasp the idea one way or another

Probably that's the reason the thread was quiet...hopefully

Anyway, if you have any questions, let me know

I'm always around

--- 帖子 #1030 ---
And I'm a little older, but still not dead

After a winter away from the cold and grey British climes, I thought I would pop my head back in to see how things have progressed.  As with feb, I hope the lack of active discussion is a sign that the message has got across and traders have decided to use it and are profiting from it.  It's entirely possible some traders will have decided it is not for them and they will now be continuing their search elsewhere.

I had a quick scan through the thread again and perhaps there is'nt a lot to add.  For anyone just happening to be skimming this page of the tread, I strongly advise you to set aside some time and read it from the very beginning.  The learnings you will take from it will serve you well throughout your trading career, I promise

Kind regards to all,

O N D

--- 帖子 #1031 ---
Hi,

Nice to see you back O N D

TS

--- 帖子 #1032 ---
OND

You'll always have my deepest admiration. Nice to have you back....

--- 帖子 #1033 ---
OND, Feb

How would we identify the trend on a daily chart - do we look up to the weeklies and monthlies - draw a trend line and then drop to the dailies and identify the pullbacks and re-tracements (or am i pushing up the daises lol - I was a poor comedian as well as a poor trader !!)

--- 帖子 #1034 ---
no trendlines, no moving averages... no crutches.... nothing

train your naked eye...look for higher/highs - lower lows

read the first chart on this thread...look for similar patterns in your charts.

Having your eyes trained for a naked chart will deliver hidden clues that you won't see using a crutch.

Take your time, don't rush it up

On time it will come to you

back to slumberland here

--- 帖子 #1035 ---
Daily charts will give you all the info you need.

looking at a higher time- another crutch. Looking at a higher time frame is deceiving

If you follow my lead I will make your trading simple and comfortable..the way it should be

It's about time for us to break so many stereotypes imposed by the so-called guru's

now back to slumberland before my girlfriend slams my head with a pan LOL

--- 帖子 #1036 ---
Nice to see you again. A typical British.

How is your trading? Good?

David

--- 帖子 #1037 ---
I like this system, only one pattern.

--- 帖子 #1038 ---
I tried it out in the past 30 years data.

http://www.fengshui-123.com/trade/GBPJPY-DAY.gif
http://www.fengshui-123.com/trade/GBPUSD-DAY.gif

--- 帖子 #1039 ---
Those blue ones no problem.
Can someone advise how to trade those red ones(false alarm)?

--- 帖子 #1040 ---
some more

http://www.fengshui-123.com/trade/EURUSD-DAY.gif
http://www.fengshui-123.com/trade/USDJPY-DAY.gif

--- 帖子 #1041 ---
Hi David,

I'm good thanks

Fortunately, trading continues to treat me well.

How about you?

Kind regards

O N D

--- 帖子 #1042 ---
Well, all thanks to God. I am OK.

Ups and downs. Doubled the account, and depleted. But from this month, things begin to work out.

The "secret" is, I reduced my positions size.

Good trades to you.

David

--- 帖子 #1043 ---
Hello to all,

Are there people who would be interested in participating in a chat room in tradingrooms.com to discuss Feb's approach with the daily/4hr?  Of course, we would need to run this idea by Feb.

By the way in case you did not know....SystemII already has a chatroom there.

Best to all

--- 帖子 #1044 ---
Wouldn't it be possible to combine both systems in one room?  It's hard to be in so many rooms at once.

Thanks!

--- 帖子 #1045 ---
This is thread has opened my eye to possibilities.

I read PETERFM's thread on things noobiz shd know.He linked me to James16 thread...it was just too fast for me.

This is what i shd have found long ago.

I will start studying chat candles more, had a hard time trading today, there seemed to be indecisions everywhere.

Thanks once again Feb.

--- 帖子 #1046 ---
Great thread Feb,the penny has dropped.

--- 帖子 #1047 ---
Hello traders,

please look at my account attached below,it just cost me one day and win a great profit which you can't believe. and here thanks to feb2865, who give me much enlightening on select entry point in trading.

thank you again

davic lee

--- 帖子 #1048 ---
hello guys,

pay a look at my account demoed below, and i come from China,

please mark my name in your memory!!

just do it in a day.....

thank to feb2865

Davic

--- 帖子 #1049 ---
This is what I use for swing trading.

Works like a Swiss watch.

Let's pray for feb's health and his prompt recovery.

cheers!

--- 帖子 #1050 ---
hi

u use M1  for your trades ? i see the chart is m1

thanks

--- 帖子 #1051 ---
Hi imad,

you are right, i traded by M1 chart, but you should be careful..

by the way, have you seen the orders are last one night, if you use M1 for a order keeping long as one night, it is impossible....

--- 帖子 #1052 ---
hi davic-lee

could you please explain your entries using 1 m chart

thank you

regards

--- 帖子 #1053 ---
Mr Lee,

Pls..this is a position trading thread. not trading off 1 minute thread.

btw, if i were you and if the account is real money, i will pray very hard to the almighty god that it does not blast the account sky high by trading an account of 99k++ with an accumulate of $1400 per pip value without protection and worst you left it overnight. maybe you did not slept 24 hours watching it, i dont know.

maybe you are joking but it will create false hope and misleading a lot of people. hope you understand what i am saying. pls dont ruin the efforts made by this man (feb).

regards.

--- 帖子 #1054 ---
Inserted Code  Nov 13, 2008 2:24am (15 hr ago)
[url="http://www.forexfactory.com/member.php?u=85637"]davic_lee[/url]
Member
Member Since Nov 2008
Posts: 8

[IMG]http://www.forexfactory.com/images/icons/icon1.gif[/IMG]
Hello traders,

please look at my account attached below,it just cost me one day and win a great profit which you can't believe. and here thanks to [url="http://www.forexfactory.com/member.php?u=11642"]feb2865[/url], who give me much enlightening on select entry point in trading.

thank you again

davic lee
PLEASE mr Lee with all the respect.

Dont even think to make money like this in this business.You can demo-play as long as you want but if you want to trade with real money you have to read a little more about money management.

I dont want to take your money so easy

--- 帖子 #1055 ---
I have to second what Panos and G has stated.

I will personally keep and eye on this thread and will keep order here.

There's plenty of people that owe Mr. feb's a lot on this business (myself included). Let's keep this thread as the author intended.

This thread to me, is one of the few gems FF has bring to this business.

Thanks G and Panos....keep praying for Feb's health. Hopefully he'll be back soon.

No offense to Mr.lee intended by the way.

--- 帖子 #1056 ---
well said nmtxc

--- 帖子 #1057 ---
Hope he'll get better soon. I am off trading for 2008. See you guys.

regards.

G33maroon

--- 帖子 #1058 ---
What happened to the thread?, the thread is full of excellent advice, it's a pity if its dead?

--- 帖子 #1059 ---
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=80290

--- 帖子 #1060 ---
Yeah got that, thanks.

--- 帖子 #1061 ---
Hi Guys,

Unless I am missing something pretty obvious here what candlestick reversal patterns do you use to signal the end of the retracement?

Regards

Steve

--- 帖子 #1062 ---
Hello Steve,

I don't believe that Feb mentions any candlestick reversal patterns in this thread. He may have mentioned that on occasions he may keep an eye for a particular type of candle but he always reminds us that they are merely guides not to be confused with triggers to enter or exit a trade.

Good luck to you

--- 帖子 #1063 ---
First off, thanks to Feb, Trader_V, leigh(1) and everyone who made this thread exciting.

I know this might be far reaching but eventually will find someone to answer...

Should we count Sunday Bars in the setup. I use FXPro and they have a Sunday Bar though I traded this V Setup I made alot but still before entries I was confused if I should check crossing of Sunday Bar Low or Fridays Bar Low

Thanks

--- 帖子 #1064 ---
… another question do you mind to share your daily time frame system 'cos I am working full-time so daily TF should be suitable for me right(what is your SL level for daily TF?)

G'day pete.alfa,

Re: daily time-frame, this is current (active) trade on AUD/CAD classical 1-2-3 set-up for ENTRY,

the pullback was relatively dip … so, the price action afterwards wasn't very convincing (L/H) - before the entry, but made (H/L) – base for some optimism.

Eventually the BUYSTOP triggered and trade become active.

S/L below the last pullback - 240 pips away from the entry that's a lot of pips, but within R/R 1:1 actually the stop-loss should be much more aggressive @ (0.8875 – 0.8835)

I've decided for option “more room to play” because of this dip pullback before, but was ready to cut the trade short if the price was moving against my position at early stage.

It's funny feeling, as a trade continue going with your expectation and days are passing by I do care less and less about it. Anyway.

Price is making H/H and H/L, stop-loss is moving up, trade is well on positive side, even 20 EMA is happy

... by the way this EMA is for illustration purpose only, to show that trade is very sound and save; 20 – 30 – 50 EMA's are far away from current price, … don't know what MACD has to say?

I hope this will give you the better idea about longer time-frame.

Please do not hesitate to ask if in any doubts, I'm not an expert, but sometimes may be able to help.

Wish you good “naked” trading.

--- 帖子 #1065 ---
[quote=DareXau;2855181]… another question do you mind to share your daily time frame system 'cos I am working full-time so daily TF should be suitable for me right(what is your SL level for daily TF?)

G'day pete.alfa,
Re: daily time-frame, this is current (active) trade on AUD/CAD classical 1-2-3 set-up for ENTRY,
the pullback was relatively dip … so, the price action afterwards wasn't very convincing (L/H) - before the entry, but made (H/L) – base for some optimism.
Eventually the BUYSTOP triggered and trade become active.
S/L below the last pullback - 240 pips away from the entry that's a lot of pips, but within R/R 1:1 actually the stop-loss should be much more aggressive @ (0.8875 – 0.8835)
I've decided for option “more room to play” because of this dip pullback before, but was ready to cut the trade short if the price was moving against my position at early stage.
It's funny feeling, as a trade continue going with your expectation and days are passing by I do care less and less about it. Anyway.
Price is making H/H and H/L, stop-loss is moving up, trade is well on positive side, even 20 EMA is happy
... by the way this EMA is for illustration purpose only, to show that trade is very sound and save; 20 – 30 – 50 EMA's are far away from current price, … don't know what MACD has to say?
I hope this will give you the better idea about longer time-frame.
Please do not hesitate to ask if in any doubts, I'm not an expert, but sometimes may be able to help.
Wish you good “naked” trading.[/quo

It was great explaination. well if you are fulltime trader then you are real Pro. I hope I can be able trading full time just like you one day.

Thank you for your quick response.

pete

--- 帖子 #1066 ---
G'day pete.alfa,

I'm glad if that could help you, ... re: your nice words ... I don't consider myself as full-time trader;

OK, I'm spending a lot of time but truly it isn't my profession yet ... maybe one day, I hope.

Pro ... ? ... definitively not yet, it's a long, ... long way, before I'll be close to achieve this.

--- 帖子 #1067 ---
Hi DareXau,

1st chart E/U Short at1.38686 SL 1.40600 Now already closed at last bar 1.40021 lost 133.5 pips closed too early?

2nd chart A/u short at .78560 SL .80480 Now +43.3 pips

Both 4hrs charts - Any comments.

Thanks,

pete

Took profit A/U 31 pips

--- 帖子 #1068 ---
Still reading here

--- 帖子 #1069 ---
G'day pete,

I've marked yours charts with my comments;

... when trading of long time-frame it requires a lot more patience then scalping, ... I know it's hard ...

but trust me, it pays-off (sometimes in a big way) that's way I reckon you should stay in trade on a/u and make perhaps 310 pips not 31 pips instead

on the chart there is a pull-back ... OK, after price moving quickly down there is some retracement, it's natural

I don't know what the price was doing later, but at this stage you should just move yours S/L , lets say to B/E level ... and ... wait.

Remember about risk/reward ratio, on this trade you have risked 192 pips to get 31 pips, so it's 6.2:1.0 where a minimum of profitability is 1:1

The last issue: Feb doesn't like bashing people for using the indicators, me too;

but this is Feb's thread which is about "naked" trading and price action, so truly ... do you need that bloody X-MA or trend-lines? ... I don't think so.

--- 帖子 #1070 ---
Hi DareXau

Sorry I get use to it but for 20ema I followed from your post 1065. I think it's quite good - help to confirm entry.

But most of all Your comments are great. I read this thread once may be I have to repeat again.

Sorry E/U was sell stop not buy stop I typed wrongly.

Thank you DareXau

--- 帖子 #1071 ---
No worries mate,

... that EMA was just a joke, ... I don't care about any indicators any more

I'm happy to read what a bar/candle have to say and trust me, they telling the full story.

I've trusted to Feb and Trader_V and others from this thread, and now it's your turn perhaps.

Attached is my current trade on AUD/USD of daily T/F whit 4H as trigger.

--- 帖子 #1072 ---
Hi DareXau,

Wow very happy with This System and ofcoz thanks for your advices. I deleted all SR & trend lines as you recommended

1st chart

I sell stop EU at 1.39580 initial SL at 1.39933 moved to BE after +25 pips Now +60 pips.

2nd chart

Sell AU at 0.77989 initial SL at 0.78390 moved to BE after +25 pips now +40 pips

what to do next ? how many trailing SL I should do?

did I do the right thing ?

I looked at last bar of weekly,daily,4h all of them were red then then I shorted at 30 mins( looking for pull back clearier than 1 hr ofcoz I looked 1 hr too and can't afford to lose so much money so 30 mins is quite good if I lose -I still happy). and ofcoz 20ema too i am comfortable with it lol.

I've been to many threads lost some money - It's hard to clear SR & trend lines from my mind lol - anyway I'll try. But at the end I think this system suitable for me and I will stick to it. As many Guru said all systems work it's you yourself how to make it work? so stick to one system and try to make it works for you - That's it!

I learn a lot from your comments in here and 5 mins too.

Thank you DareXau.

--- 帖子 #1073 ---
Hi,

Firstly, ... I know it's very hard, ... but when trading, you absolutely shouldn't think in category of money;

that's kind of contradiction, because forex is money and you are dealing with money which are currency pairs;

and of course the purpose of trading is to make a profit which is trying to earn some money;

so, ... all about money and you aren't allowed to think about money.

Yes, ... if you stop to see dollars behind the pips, then your trading become less stressful and more efficient.

Someone told me, ... a long time ago; that when trading you only can allow yourself to use a money which you can afford to lose.

Now, ... from a time perspective, ... I know, ... how very right and true it is, but back then I didn't get it.

As you already know, ... all systems works, it's you yourself how to make them work, so stick to one system and try to make it works for you.

This relates to the time-frames as well, you have to make a decision which T/F suits you best, with which one you feel most comfortable.

Jumping from weekly via daily via 4-hours via 1-hour to 30-min. it's "bloody hell" plenty of unnecessary work and incredible confusing.

Secondly, ... learning is never-ending experience and not always, it has be hard way by learning from the own mistakes.

There is a guy teaching about forex trading, of course it's not free, but the cost isn't big at all (definitively cheaper then losing trades)

Check this link: http://www.learnforexlive.com I reckon this may help you a lot.

Re: your charts (actually one chart twice ) ... technically they OK, ... but I've got impression, like the trade is forced,

you already have been in this trade, got scared and jumped out ...that's OK, ... then jumping in again ... that's OK too, but ... all together it isn't clean ...

Additionally you took two trades: 1 - EUR/USD and 2 - AUD/USD they correlated pairs, so ... it's like taking the same trade twice.

If one goes wrong you will lose on second as well.

--- 帖子 #1074 ---
Good day DareXau,

Thank you very much for your advices. Great I'm learning something new everyday.

Sorry for delay coz I just come back from holiday in Sydney Australia it is very nice place, normally I am trading only EurUsd so when I was in Australia - why not just having fun with this pair while watched news - then I learned from you 'correlated pairs' I knew it but not in details. So I googled and learned a lot about pairs  & commodity.

I didn't trade longTF for long so didn't know where to start then weekly daily 4hrs TF etc.... lol stupid me. Thanks for your comment I'm sure I have to read this thread again from beginning definitely.

About the money I don't care much any more as long as I have enough for

living. The most important thing in live is health without good health we can't enjoy our money. I was just making fun in the thread coz the thread a bit dull at the moment (sorry if I misguided you & others) . I even put pip instead of $ in my platform so I don't see  $ but my broker is using 5 digits so it also looks big too lol.

I contact the website as your recommendation waiting for they reply - see how much it cost?

Another my big problem is careless sometime enterd short instead of long well I hard to correct this that was why I put both AU charts instead of EU & AU.

Thanks,

Pete.

--- 帖子 #1075 ---
Finally the EURUSD got my SL.

I am -20 pips lost.

Ok, lets start it over again

--- 帖子 #1076 ---
I got out this trade with + 21 pips.

Nice one after my previous loss

--- 帖子 #1077 ---
Lucky I get out of the trade quickly.

EU just drop so sharply a moment after I got out.

--- 帖子 #1078 ---
G'day guys,

All my trades based on recent strength of JPY and weakness of AUD are now closed due to change of the market sentiment,

I'm not sure it's temporary testing or permanent shift, time will show.

--- 帖子 #1079 ---
G'day Feb,

My question is about, how you dealing with a trade which is going in your favor and is almost to hit the initial target?

As showing on the chart the entry happened more than a week ago and was a breakout from range channel to up-side after the pullback.

The initial target (hasn't got the order yet) is in line with the previous resistance (going back about six months)

but, I'm not sure if this level will be strong enough to stop the price from going higher; perhaps as high as the previous top, maybe even higher.

So, I'm having a dilemma; ... if exit the trade on initial target and the price move higher ... that's a waste of the opportunity

... if keep the trade running and the price reverses from that level ... may hit a stop-loss ... so, that's a waste of profit.

The funny side is, that I haven't got such problems, when scalping of the 5 min. time-frame and there is one trade after another,

but when similar thing is happening with a long term trade, I tend to pumper it to much and can't execute decisively.

Thank you and wish you good health,

Darek

--- 帖子 #1080 ---
Longer time frames, you pretty much wait until you get an oposite signal. You can trail your stop and everything. You need to excise patience and just wait for the market to do it's thing as opposed to fast trading. Use ligther load and relax. The system I is pretty much based on fractals.

If you're using a long/short term aproach, I suggest to pay close attention to your load(s) Try to go ligther on the long term and heavier on short term. Remember , all it matters in the bottom line at the end.

hope it helps.

--- 帖子 #1081 ---
Yes, thank you Feb,

The above comments helps me to stay on a right track, because it's all I'm doing in regards to the long term trades

# Using smaller load (only 2, scalping 10)

and any type of trades

# I've learned to be patient (before trade and during trade)

# Following fractals and paying attention to H/L, H/H, L/L and L/H

# Achieved very relaxed state of mind with a grate comfort regardless of the outcome (there is totally no pressure at all)

Basically I can say, that in last year following yours instructions, I've become much better trader and had more success,

then in all my combine trading years together (10-years, started trading in 1998)

OK, it wasn't so intense and frequent as the last year, but still it's a bit of time and quite a number of trades.

Anyway, thank you again and hope to see you posting more often,

it would be fantastic if you could show some of yours recent trades with a comments about decisions, market observations, etc.

Kind Regards,

Darek

--- 帖子 #1082 ---
Remember this - Long time "frame" trading is more an investment style than anything. You must dance the song of the market and play accordingly. Trades are few and far away. The making money process is slooow but steady. In my humble opinion, despite all the turmoil,  EUR/USD is a very stable instrument for investing.

You know, it's all a matter of preference. Some people think that there's only one(1) way to make money in this business and that's wrong. Actually, I have a lot of fun (yes I trade for fun, this is why I am not inetrested in writting a book or do private mentoring.) diversifying my positions.

I am not posting as much ,'cause I went back to my full-fledge trading. I am doing little coaching to some of the guys on the pits and it keeps me quite busy lately. But I check this site from time to time .  I will post some charts very soon.

You guys are doing a terrific job on the threads. I feel grateful for that.

Keep on truckin'

Good Karma

--- 帖子 #1083 ---
Feb, thank you for a quick reply and good words regarding the activities on the threads;

... but, it's a pleasure to participate in good work which you started and continue to follow, always ready to assist and help.

About a long time-frames and investment, that's the essence of the successful approach.

Yes, ... without this simple view many traders are basically lost.

Lucky for my, I do understand this now, but had to learned in a hard way, ... time ago.

I look forward to see some of yours charts and comments,

in a mean time, I wish you a lot of good fun and even more of good health.

Darek

--- 帖子 #1084 ---
Hi *,

Today we'll probably end up with a reversal bar on the daily chart. Although the retracement was kind of deep, I think the trend is stable.

This is probably obvious to you guys. I'm just seeking confirmation from the community ;-)

Have a nice day, everyone!

Regards,

beam

--- 帖子 #1085 ---
Yesterday really did produce a reversal bar, so I took the trade this morning at 1.4272 with a TSL starting at 1.4086.

Thoughts on this, anyone?

--- 帖子 #1086 ---
Hi,

im also long in EU from yesterday but but today i dont see a signal to go long

Maqybee it depends on the broker u using, i dont see a reversal bar on daily

Edit: excuse me , now i see whats ure reversal bar. I took the long cause of the doji and inside bar the day before

--- 帖子 #1087 ---
I'm following you on the inside bar formation, but what's doji? I can take a wild guess at Dow Jones Index, but then again, I'm maybe making a complete fool out of myself

At what price did you enter? And what did the chart look like at the time?

Anyway, I'm not especially happy with my own entry. Last night (CET) I decided that I would place a limit order to buy at exactly 1.4254 (in the middle of the reversal bar), but this morning I got afraid to miss the train and entered at 1.4272. But I will let the trade handle itself. Today has been pretty quiet, since it's friday, I guess... My TSL is now at 1.4122 (started at 1.4086).

Still not sure 'bout my entry strategy. Having a day job and all, I need to decide without being able to monitor sell rallies on lower time frames.

Have a nice weekend! And hope you can bare with me and my sometimes stupid questions and posts.

Regards,

beam

--- 帖子 #1088 ---
This is was a doji.

My entry was from the H1 Chart the next day. I usually dont post entries here in the Thread cause i do not exactly follw the System I rules.

I mostly trade System-II for short term kind of scalping, but i let same smaller Position stay for a long term investment trade. For this i use different Brokers , like yesterday i tookk small shorttrades from the important 1.4300 level and still holding my log positions.

As i like the idee of tradintg without any Indicators and im also very much interesting in trading the h1-h4-D1 Charts i will read the Thread again and try to put some trades up here  according to the System I rules next week.

c u

--- 帖子 #1089 ---
Thanks for the explanation of doji. Of course I should have done a little research of my own before asking. Sorry 'bout that.

And yeah, it would be great if you posted some of your trades.

beam

--- 帖子 #1090 ---
as  long as the ascending Trendline is not broken, i see EU still long on daily and weekly.

Short term, there is reatracement and there is still room to the 1.4000 area.

But i can be totaly wrong cause i m a short term scalper who tries to learn how to trade the longer Time Frame charts like H4, daily and weekly

--- 帖子 #1091 ---
Hi MJurban & beam

Firstly, don't pay attention to the "buy" on this chart 'cos it's from 5min/scalping,

but anyway that could be a good entry for inside a range trade - just noticed...

Yes, the E/U are acting a little funny for last few weeks, but any ranging has to come to the end eventually.

I hope it's not far a way, once the holiday season will be over, we may see a nice break-out to the up-side,

of course if this pair is going to continue that up-trend ... if not, then there is a level of 1.3800-1.3750 to be broken.

I'm more convinced about the price going up, pass 1.4400 and shooting higher, rather then heading south, but everything is possible.

--- 帖子 #1092 ---
Yeah, who knows. We maybe should look for another market until then?

Regards,

beam

--- 帖子 #1093 ---
eurusd still in the retracement channel.

A test of the trendline would be nice and would give us a point 3  for a 1-2-3 formation.

Without the point 3, a break of the channel to the upper and a continguation of the long trend is possible

--- 帖子 #1094 ---
FYI

Way ahead of time(August)......December is usually a crazy month.

Pile up some cash now if you're not willing to play with the storm.

Just a Reminder!!!

--- 帖子 #1095 ---
Thanks Feb!

And yeah, it's time to get bored.

--- 帖子 #1096 ---
im still not able to trade the system I. i always fall back to the m5 charts take  profit from the m5 charts like System II. Im realy not ready for the Sytem I. no confidence in the longer move. its a shame i dont know how to handle this

--- 帖子 #1097 ---
If you're trading EURUSD with System I, it's a good time to stay on the sidelines for a while, like Feb said a couple of posts ago. There's no real trend on the daily charts these days.

While waiting for a good trend, I trade with Jacko on the 4h and it's working out just fine. (My new trading journal reflects my own, just started, daily trading which is at -280 pips)

--- 帖子 #1098 ---
yes, hard time , waiting for a break thru the tops. Maybee another test of the low TL before she can break?

--- 帖子 #1099 ---
Today, the market hit 1.45+. If the next retracement isn't too deep I'm considering to enter long again.

The market broke the short term range on the up side and is also near the supporting bottom line of the current channel. If I got it right...

I seek feedback on the above. Feb? Anyone?

beam

--- 帖子 #1100 ---
Are we flying to the moon?
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1101 ---
good idea.. but when you involved in a trade with emotion and psichology.. you lose. Trust me.

--- 帖子 #1102 ---
im getting better and better trading the h1 charts

this one is a short eurusd 1.4021

i wait for this candle to close then i trail the stoploss above the high 1.3975

--- 帖子 #1103 ---
Nice chanell, nice S/R lines, like in FX books
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1104 ---
I've finished reading the System I and had made a compilation of the very important notes regarding this system from 1st page till the last. While reading I also practice with my real account, using Feb's method System I. By criticizing about my entry,SL and TP only then I can become better.

I learnt System II as well and it was too fast and too furious  for me (5 min scalping) so I become so stressful because sitting in front of the computer for many hours.

At the same time, I feel this thread shoudn't be dying. I hope to contribute what the author had preached. Feb has passed the good karma so do I.

If I've made mistake, I sincerely thanks you for highlighting out.

I pledge will not peek into other system anymore. I've found a home here.

--- 帖子 #1105 ---
Hi

Can you please explain your entry?

The second bar did not break below the first bar.

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1106 ---
the novice
"Can you please explain your entry?

The second bar did not break below the first bar.

Thanks. "

..................................................................................

Hello Novice,

I'll try to answer since this thread is rather quiet.

Please see this quote by Feb.
"let me explain

let's say the higher high the day before was broken. Most likely ( you  will never hear me say "always" or "definitely") the market is looking  to resume the trend. Let's say the high was taken @ 1.4450..well I will  get down on 4 hour charts looking for 1.4430 or better to go long..."

Here is the single post by Feb
http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...1&postcount=25

.................................................................................

1. Upon identify trend(down trend for EURUSD) and

2. see a V formation

3. Lower low the day before was broken, get down to one lower TF to short.

Probably MJ enter the trade.

Hope this is the explanation.

--- 帖子 #1107 ---
Hi Megara

My question arose because the bar next to the highest (the apex of the V) did not break the low of it.

I had the impression that the high and low should be broken, then go down lower TF to search for a better price.

Anyway, MJ has pm me his reply.

I have tried this method several times as it looked promising.

But got stopped out those few times.

Hope you have better luck.

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1108 ---
Hello Novice

Me too got stop out  initially. Bcs after days of waiting, some trades move against me and I hate it so much. But I read and practice System I and have faith in this method.

My patience has paid off.

Will post again.

Feb's advice: "Lick Your Wound and Start Preying"

--- 帖子 #1109 ---
Can you attach your picture. So we can share and discuss

--- 帖子 #1110 ---
They key for my success in life, generally speaking, lies in the process of doing things. This will sound complicated but if you think long and deep you’ll catch my drift. When I was a kid , there’s one forbidden  phrase in my house “ I can’t do it” You have no idea how many slaps I got in my face because of that. Eventually I bite my tongue. I have to literally bleed in order for my father to help me out with any situation. Yes, I bled a couple of times doing stuff that I really don’t fell comfortable talking about. I brought this mentality to my professional and personal life.

Was my daddy a bad guy? No way!! I can’t thank him enough to show me this way…

On this, I learned the following:

Results are irrelevant…really, trust me it works that way. Here’s some food for your brain.

People play the lottery with the idea to pick the winning numbers…sounds logical right?

They cross the fingers “hoping”  to get it right this time…” I wish I get the winning numbers” They talk about “the numbers” like if they are already made. Like if someone already decided what the numbers will be…wrong!!!…that’s up in the air.

Some traders too focused on catching the wave in x direction, like if that was already decided….”the market is long/short etc…….see, I really don’t care on what direction the market ***should**move.  My only concern is ONLY to be there when the opportunity knocks…that IS the process….which is more relevant than the results….

The process of doing things will mold the results sooner or later. I can’t explain this in simple words because this is one instance in what you must do the walkin, I really can do it for you. But as long as you get stuck in the middle trying to get results AKA winners, you will be crippling the process of doing, which is where you need to put ALL your effort.

When I trade, I win every time, even if the outcome is negative…why???. The gap between the two(process and results) will grow closer and closer to the point that you will come ahead every month and trading will be…what’s the word????? Boring…

I am not intending to impose my beliefs or preach religion etc. I do believe in frequency,  vibration, light, the law of attraction  and interaction within the universe.. I believe humanity complicate things too much. It is simple, there’s no other way to put it.

I will probably sound arrogant but here I go: When I started trading I knew I was going to be successful. I told my mentor that I was gonna be succesful. He rolled his eyes but after a couple of years he realized I was right. Here’s what I did:

I didn’t wish to be the best. That wouldn’t be right. You don’t have to beg, you just simply have to go thru the process. I knew that my process would not be an easy one, but I saw the whole picture: Process and results. But as I began trading, focusing on results faded away and I submerge entirely in the process.

Everytime you “wish” for something, you’re simply begging. Nobody is gonna give ya something for nothing. So the effect will be a whole bunch of people (who are actually doing the process) stepping on your toes…and probably on your head if you’re on the floor.

I mastered the process. I learned valuable lessons via the process. Then I became successful.

In this game, whoever is numero uno won’t stay at the top for long. Very soon, they crash and burn. The idea is to stay at the middle, enough to make a living and save some cash.

My daily routine

My guide are my hands. Every morning (no exceptions) I close my eyes for a while, and I touch my hands gently looking to feel the softness. I get in contact with myself before anything. I drink a full glass of water as soon as I wake up – no exceptions. I meditate . Simple stuff. I don’t pray , I just look within myself.

Whenever I sit in front of the screen, I make sure is me in 100% because I know the task at hand will put me in the risk of a total drainage.

I will not tell you that it woks like I just discovered gold or something. I know it works magically for me. But it’s important for you to be 100% when you do something. If not you’ll be screwed most likely.

Trading is one of the most difficult jobs in the whole world. Put a lot of stress in your heart. But if you choose to get this business going, you must know, in top of everything that losing is not bad. Is like breathing to life. Take another perspective and embraced. Once you conquer the cookie monster, trading just become a walk in the park

This is most likely my last post(s) in this forum. Everything come to pass and my postings are not an exception. I sincerely thanks everyone who contributed to the thread(s). I sincerely hope for you all the best and I am honored to help so many people in this site.

I will stick around for a couple of days. just in case someone have a question. Then I’ll move on.

Who knows I might comeback one day.

Good Karma.

--- 帖子 #1111 ---
Thanks for the kind words - it was a true honor helping you guys out.

Jplo - my health is fine - better than ever.

Treasure the good things. Keep in mind that this game is not for everyone but you guys are already in the ring so there's no other way to go but up. Give the good fight and master the craft.

I'll be around until sunday May 2 2010.

My PM is flooded so please bear with me until I clear (and reply) some of the messages up - I promise I will keep them on a file here at my computer.

--- 帖子 #1112 ---
Man, you just keep coming through the ether with wisdom - depth and authenticity born of the hard road. I am doing my day job right now and loving every minute of it, but it means I trade now and then when I can. I met you less than a year ago, and that encounter has changed me, changed my life, changed my relationship to winning and losing. How few encounters can I say that about. It isn't about making money - I am good at that - it is however about the self I have had to encounter as I fought the demons that came thick and fast attached to my fear of loss and my greed for gain. You epitomise balance...the commitment to the journey for the sake of the journey, mastering the moment, embuing all of now with all of who you are, lending all of yourself to it. I get it - and feel this way more and more whatever I do and am conscious of when I lose touch with it. Now this sounds a bit pretentious when I read it back to myself. But I figure that you know what I mean Feb. You are a philosopher, and what you have given to the world I have fed off and grown gloriously fat - pleasantly rounded - and this has infected everything for the better. I thank you so much. Although I have been out of circulation on the thread and the BR, I feel the power of the family you made room for and poured yourself into daily - so much richer for it. I wish you well my dear man.

--- 帖子 #1113 ---
Hey mcaddy ! nice to hear from you.

I am humble I could help in your trading. Always happy to help. I see that you're on your job and lovin it. No problem with that. I hope for you nothing but the best and my love and blessing to you and your wife...

--- 帖子 #1114 ---
Feb,

Thank you.

--- 帖子 #1115 ---
It is really heartening to return to this thread after so long and see how it has progressed in the couple of years since I last posted.  Feb has indeed provided you all with much wisdom and guidance but, more importantly, he has done it from a position of love.  I echo the thanks already passed to him.

I have also dragged up an old ramble of mine that I'd wish people to consider regularly.

Kind regards and profitable trading,

O N D

--- 帖子 #1116 ---
feb, Thanks and take care.

--- 帖子 #1117 ---
As per request of some friends I have here, I am going to post possibly today answers about some issues, concerns and maybe I'll throw some tips here and there.

Stick around. I'll post this afternoon.

Good Karma..

--- 帖子 #1118 ---
Hi Feb,

Welcome back.  Look forward to your invaluable posts again.

--- 帖子 #1119 ---
G'day Feb,

I'm so happy to see your comeback to this thread and ForexFactory,

how is your health? ... I hope you're recovering O.K.

Darek

--- 帖子 #1120 ---
Welcome back, we are very happy and excited to see you.

How is your health and every thing. We pray for your good health and happiness in life.

--- 帖子 #1121 ---
Hello

shall we wait for the close of the daily candle that break the high/low ?

or we do our play as soon as that point is broken ?

Peace

--- 帖子 #1122 ---
Someone can answer my question please ?

--- 帖子 #1123 ---
close of the candle

--- 帖子 #1124 ---
Thank you friend

--- 帖子 #1125 ---
Is it time to load by EOD?

--- 帖子 #1126 ---
Bought @856 s/l 687

--- 帖子 #1127 ---
Is this a real (live) trade or "paper trading" ??? ... because I can't see any orders on this screen-shot

and ... if you don't mind, what's a reason behind that entry ???

--- 帖子 #1128 ---
Yes, it is real.

TS-I? The rally is going up. Small pull back, first reversal candle, second candle broke high of the previous candle as well as fractal.

Isn't how TS-I should be played?

--- 帖子 #1129 ---
... not really, if you where going for 1-2-3 break-out, than that entry should be just above 1.3757'7 (27/01 high) + few pips for spread & safety,

your entry is almost 100 pips higher and one day later ... looks like you trying to catch a bus which already gone ... is't it ???

So, my suggestion is: read this thread from the beginning, it's not that long ... only 76 pages ... once you finish, than read it again.

I can assure you, that the second time and third time reading is even more interesting and more educating.

... and one more thing, which I almost forgotten and have to add 'cos it's very important ... Feb was never mentioning neither was recommending fractals.

--- 帖子 #1130 ---
Then as I see a confirmed fractal, I decide if I scale out, add some more funds or simply shot the trade completely

Which fractals feb is talking in that post?

Or in that?
I like to see a fractal formed(and confirmed)

--- 帖子 #1131 ---
Actually I just did. Please correct if I'm wrong about TS-I.

Placing few pips above point is TS-II style on 5 minutes. In TS-I we buy on discount which I failed to wait. Since euro didn't make pull back during Asian session I expected it to shoot up.

The proper way should be by now @3800.

--- 帖子 #1132 ---
O.K. ... in a sense that 4H time-frame is a fractal of Daily ... like some sort of a "discount window" where you can get a better price.

So, look on the charts and tell me, was it possible to buy at better price, than you did ???

or is Feb saying anywhere, that you have to chase the running away price ???

You see ... trading requires a lot of patience and determination, but it pays well if you doing the right things

... and the most crazy about forex is ... that, it almost always is giving a second chance if you missed the first opportunity.

--- 帖子 #1133 ---
moved s/l to 748 under low of the day.

--- 帖子 #1134 ---
20 pips above fractal @375

--- 帖子 #1135 ---
... that's right, buy on discount ... or as Sam Seiden (supply/demand guy) is saying: "buy at wholesalers price and sell it back at retail price"

--- 帖子 #1136 ---
lost 106 pips. Let's cry. aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa

--- 帖子 #1137 ---
The V formation formed. The plan is to wait for close below today low 1.3605 and to look for bargain on h4.

--- 帖子 #1138 ---
... well, that's a part of the forex game and 1-2-3 break-out isn't any different ... some losses are unavoidable, especially in situation of trend change or dip retracement.

So, safely placing a stop-loss below "2" (up-trend) and/or above "2" (down-trend) has a lot of sense ... maybe, that's a conservative way ... but, works pretty well.

Please note, that when trading of daily chart it can be an expensive experience to trailing stop-loss too quickly or using any different "discount window" time-frame.

--- 帖子 #1139 ---
Low of the previous day is taken. Let's see if we can find any bargain on Monday.

--- 帖子 #1140 ---
Euro and Cable they didn't look too good already and today's strange NFP data and especially surprising Unemployment Rate are pointing for much stronger Dollar.

So, in my view the recent Price Action and new fundamentals may change this correction into much dipper retracement ... unhealthy for any of all my long positions,

which I patiently build over the last four weeks (take-profit time) and start all-over again ... well, that's not a first time and surely it's not a final one either.

--- 帖子 #1141 ---
So for the next couple of weeks you will be busy counting profits

--- 帖子 #1142 ---
Sold @612 s/l 679 Friday hd.

--- 帖子 #1143 ---
Moved s/l to 611 and got stopped.

--- 帖子 #1144 ---
And now there is another V formation. if hd of today will be taken it will time to search for bargain again.

--- 帖子 #1145 ---
Bought EU at market open price on monday

Proudly doubled my 1000$ demo as of 7 days 7 trades... VSetup couplrd with my on TB Trading Style..

Regards

Always

SmartKenyan..

--- 帖子 #1146 ---
Hey friend,

When Previous candle is Long avoid the trade..

Just my 2 cent and always worked for me..

Edit: By the way always watch the inter-markets Dow say Bull watch it carefully before making decisions....

Regards

Always

SmartKenyan..

--- 帖子 #1147 ---
What do you mean?

--- 帖子 #1148 ---
http://www.zerohedge.com/article/aud...16-points-rich

And discussion about S&P 500 and euro correlation goes on and on.

--- 帖子 #1149 ---
686 needed.

--- 帖子 #1150 ---
I meant the length of the previous day's candle..

About the intermarket.. it actually gives you a broader view of the market when playing Long Term...

Regards

--- 帖子 #1151 ---
Taken. Time to wait for pull back to buy on discount.

--- 帖子 #1152 ---
sell @1.3494 s/l 1.3555

--- 帖子 #1153 ---
Got stopped. How do people trade TS-I

--- 帖子 #1154 ---
Hi Tghtft,

I know you guys like to trade naked - beleive me I have given the 123 a through testing for the past two years and found that it is not good for most market conditions - I have to say that without any indicators at all you cannot possibly judge 3 key things (all of which the professionals are watching and responding to)

Momentum (which on the daily chart you display was showing a divergence from PA to the low side which suggested it was highly probable that price would track down - easily seen with MACD....oooh yes, I named it...how could I?) - you cannot possibly jusdge momentum with the naked eye - without it you will be whipsawed over and over again before finding the elusive runner.

Slow Stochastics showed clearly that the upcycle was also indicating divergence with price - and suggesting a retrace.

The 50 SMA was flat and to the south - and price just loves to retouch the 50 - especially when the chart isn't trending - and your wasn't. That upmove you wanted to trade onto was against the daily trend which was in the opposite direction.

SO now I will wait to be attacked for not understanding 123 - believe me I understand it in DEPTH - but it is oversimplistic, will kill most traders and no professional would dare to allow themselves to become a one-trick-pony. Feb most certainly is not a one trick pony - he has years and years of chart watching that has moulded his brain cells into formations you couldn't even imagine.

No disrespect to anyone - but this was a trade to avoid.

Momentum, Trend, Cycle, Support and Resistance and multiple time frames (fractals - the real meaning of fractals in trading) for confirmation will all keep you much safer, and out of 123, FCR trades which are likely to be fakes. They may be inconvenient to learn how to use, but they would save you much heartache and MONEY.

--- 帖子 #1155 ---
G'day SirStoploss,

... perhaps because I'm in a very good mood (happy / stress-free trader) ... So, I'm not going to argue with you, nighter call you some ugly names.

If you need  MACD, Stochastic and 50-SMA or anything else for that matter ... to see and/or understand the price action that's truly your problem.

Just ask yourself a question, ... what drives those indicators and how they relate to the current price ???

and ... guess what? I'm also, not going to argue with you about usefulness or over-simplicity of this "system"

as it's totally up to you ... what and how you make that beast to work for your trading successfully.

and ... you're very right (only at this one point), when you saying:

... learning to trade is not a quick process, but to gain an ability to do it "naked" is even longer and much harder ... and there isn't any easy ways out of this.

But, trust me that's possible to achieve ... and referring to what the professionals are watching / responding to ... is out of space and not really accurate.

I'm trading for living (quite good living) and I don't have to follow any indicators to make a shit-loads of positive pips - day after day.

I haven't got also, any intention to attack you for your DEPTH of understanding or rather lack of it ... 'cos Feb's 1-2-3 is well beyond some simple strategy

and not everyone can read/view the whole massage, which is between the lines ... and not everyone has enough of patience/determination to reach those levels.

Best Regards,

Darek

--- 帖子 #1156 ---
Another V formation and time again to search for bargain.

--- 帖子 #1157 ---
Nice reply - you are very rare for a retail trader. Long may your personal success continue (genuinely).

Of the 50+ guys on our floor none of them is as good as you in that case - we're all weak enough to make use of simple indicators. As a message to those who are not as developed as you, my simple counsel is to understand what the benefits of them are before ditching them.

Respect to you all.

quote=DareXau;4408877]G'day SirStoploss,

... perhaps because I'm in a very good mood (happy / stress-free trader) ... So, I'm not going to argue with you, nighter call you some ugly names.

If you need MACD, Stochastic and 50-SMA or anything else for that matter ... to see and/or understand the price action that's truly your problem.

Just ask yourself a question, ... what drives those indicators and how they relate to the current price ???

and ... guess what? I'm also, not going to argue with you about usefulness or over-simplicity of this "system"

as it's totally up to you ... what and how you make that beast to work for your trading successfully.

and ... you're very right (only at this one point), when you saying:

... learning to trade is not a quick process, but to gain an ability to do it "naked" is even longer and much harder ... and there isn't any easy ways out of this.

But, trust me that's possible to achieve ... and referring to what the professionals are watching / responding to ... is out of space and not really accurate.

I'm trading for living (quite good living) and I don't have to follow any indicators to make a shit-loads of positive pips - day after day.

I haven't got also, any intention to attack you for your DEPTH of understanding or rather lack of it ... 'cos Feb's 1-2-3 is well beyond some simple strategy

and not everyone can read/view the whole massage, which is between the lines ... and not everyone has enough of patience/determination to reach those levels.

Best Regards,

Darek [/quote]

--- 帖子 #1158 ---
Sir Stoploss,

Do you mean that in order make an easy money on Forex all I have to do is to trade template below?

--- 帖子 #1159 ---
LOL - that's a lot better - and very easy to read as it happens. The settings on those stochastics aren't quite optimum for my taste, nor the MACD.

My last offering on this - it clearly shows me that where you entered there is clear divergence to the downside in plenty of time to warn you against the trade.

Listen, good luck to you all. That was a fun exchange.

--- 帖子 #1160 ---
... that isn't truly so rare, 'cos if statistically there is about 95% of losers than this makes 1 winner for every 20 not so lucky or not smart enough,

but in terms of real money those numbers do not apply so accurately ... and I reckon, that 4 or 5 guys out of those 50+ on your floor can generate

sufficient source of pips to cover all my winning trades, otherwise I would need anything between 200 and 500 newbies or some other dummy's.

--- 帖子 #1161 ---
But you do see that in september 2010 stoch + macd showed deivergence while market was going up in straight line.

--- 帖子 #1162 ---
Be reasonable, no indicator is 100% - but used well and in powerful combination they load the percentages in your favour - and a number of factors need to be weighed into the assessment of any given trade. Exceptions always occur  - often divergence in cycle and even momentum will be contradicted by the movement  which is where excellent money management comes in. No single indicator is the answer - they must be combined - momentum, cycles, s/r, trend and fractals and their relative balance - simple really. My simple point is that with the aid of a few strategically placed and well set up indicators your 123 method would pay better, does pay better - I use it (we use it) in my bag of tricks, but only when the set up is there (5 factors - each scoring for strength). As your friend says (in the bit I understand!!!) 5% of traders make 95% of the money - most of the time the mass psychology drives the markets and then the big guns come in and exploit its responsiveness to the obvious to make the grand bucks by doing the unexpected. 123 is a limited method ('how f++++++g dare you say that you ++++...go ++++ yourself and may your mother +++++ +++++') it is a single trick - and there are some excellent mathematical aids that would increase your successes tenfold and save you many many losses.

Farewell chaps - I enjoyed the exchange. Good hunting.

--- 帖子 #1163 ---
Thanks a lot, Sir Stoploss ... and ... happy trading for you too.

--- 帖子 #1164 ---
Ok, will try to trade with indicators in other thread. Ten folds sounds good.

--- 帖子 #1165 ---
Well after painting by hand of two year of daily charts I come to the conclusion that the essence of this thread is finding and milking those elusive runners to death.

In year 90 - 91 the typical runner was about 800-1200 pips. Typical stop around 100 pips. Even with ratio 1/5 it was still profitable. Not including building pyramid.

So how does TS-I trader suppose to avoid whipsaw.

1. Find the market which has trend. No need indicators. Just compare silver to euro for last year.

2. Be picky. If trend is here it would pick your position and move it into profit.  If something is wrong wait for the next week. The good trend will still be here.

The typical trend in EURO lasts for THREE YEAR. No need to rush.

3. Correlate the markets. Green FXE - EURO ETF, red GLD - gold etf.

--- 帖子 #1166 ---
EURO time to decide.

--- 帖子 #1167 ---
It seems euro decided to go higher.

So, what does ts-I traders do when market goes in tight range? They buy on discount.

--- 帖子 #1168 ---
Hello fti,

i recall you wanting to comment on the use of trailing stops

i remember that you were against the use of trailing stops.

due to the size of this thread, i am unsure if you have commented on it yet.

and if you have, can someone kindly direct me to the post ?

regards.

--- 帖子 #1169 ---
Hello!

I will try to answer you. Not sure this is what you are looking for, but I'try.

So... feb2865 always, always strongly suggest us to use some sort of trailing stop in our trading. Why? - just to lock in some of our profit, or reduce the risk.

You will find by trading this style that the market has a tendency to swing up and down, so during the move against your position you could see your profits go down, so very often you could have almost B/E position after you had already solid profit. I find for myself the best way to trail stop-loss is collocating the stop-loss at high/low of each bar. This way I give some room for the trade to breath, and lock in my profit in time before I have a pullback against my position.

Market is based on laws of supply and demand and if you trade with one of these forces, you could lock in your already gained profit by trailing stop-loss just at that time when the other force is going to push the market.

Hope it helps.

Good luck!

--- 帖子 #1170 ---
Hi Feb  The attachment is a daily EURUSD chart. I am wondering how you would have traded this fractal. Would you take the trade at the upper yellow line ? At the open of this big green candle ? This V-pattern can be seen in 2 ways : when this big green canlde closes and also when this green pin bar closes because the price went down then up so it's a V shape. Which view is right ?  One more question : Do you pay attention to pin bars or other candlesticks patterns ? I mean it could be a pin bar in a time frame and not a pin bar in another time frame. So to me it does not look very valuable except maybe at daily charts. Do you agree ?  Thanks

--- 帖子 #1171 ---
Good article Feb!

--- 帖子 #1172 ---
No one trading this "system" anymore?

Great work feb...

--- 帖子 #1173 ---
I still use it as part of a slightly larger toolkit. Yes, Feb is a genius.

--- 帖子 #1174 ---
I love his system... And i don't know why this thread is no more frequented. Where is feb? Is still on FF community?

--- 帖子 #1175 ---
Read through this in 2018. Much appreciate all the information shared.

Regards.


===== 附件下载链接 =====

Peaks_and_Troughs_Pring.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/63250?d=1194076449
NZDUSD.doc: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/65002?d=1194625387
Risk.xls: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/65743?d=1194961018
Ind-Fractals-LA  .mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/65995?d=1195019609
USDJPY Trade.doc: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/66566?d=1195177710
Resume of Feb2865, Trader_V, OND and others views on trading naked charts.doc: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/68448?d=1195946063
eurusd7dec.doc: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/71615?d=1197232422
The trend the trend oh where art thow trend.doc: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/72894?d=1197716714
Pin_bars-introduction.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/82151?d=1201317006
Pin_bars-advanced.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/82152?d=1201317027
