===== 帖子内容 =====

--- 帖子 #1 ---
Dear all,

EDIT: Pip Nailer was a simple system that was created for fellow traders, primarly aimed towards those wanted a basic system, with a lightweight structure, and without any complicated rules. Results do vary from month to month, however I can't vouch for the system's effectiveness from around May 2008 onwards, since I haven't been trading it myself.

Two files attached - the actual PDF manual, and the template for MT4 users.

Regards,

Ash

EDIT: Please note, I do not recommend smaller timeframes, especially anything under 30min. Also, another rule of thumb is, only take the trade if the TP is at least twice the size of the pair's spread.

--- 帖子 #2 ---
Thanks for sharing, this system looks good I will test

--- 帖子 #3 ---
What PSAR settings are you using?

--- 帖子 #4 ---
Thanks for posting your system. If I understand correctly (and even the simplest system can get tricky, especially when 'intuition' sneaks in), then you would have had six signals (see attached).

Of these six, I think that the second long would have probably been a loss. The third long may have been a loss or a break-even trade, maybe even a win if you exited at less than 30 pips (30 pips on this one may have been tough to squeeze out, but it was close).

The last short - we don't really know what would have happened as the chart ends mid trade

It is interesting to me that the longs were the 'problem trades' - suggests that a simple trend filter (moving average slope perhaps?) may keep you out of those. In this case your filter would have you taking shorts only.

Your example trade seems to suggest that it is only the color, not the direction of the AC or AO that matters. That is, you will take a short if the AO is red and below the zero line and the AC is red and above the zero line (and the parabolic SAR is above the candle, of course). Is this correct?

--- 帖子 #5 ---
here it is.

--- 帖子 #6 ---
Ash,

Your contribution is appreciated!

Could you please tell us how you developed this, i.e. why these indicators, etc.?

Also, have you done any backtesting?

Could you be more specific regarding tf and pairs - which work best from your experience?

Thanks again,

--- 帖子 #7 ---
Nice system, congrats for sharing!

Let me ask you... Your rules are:

- Red in awesome, red in accelerator, short in SAR => SELL

- Green in awesome, green in accelerator, long in SAR => BUY

How about an EA? I can program it.

--- 帖子 #8 ---
If I am not mistaken, according to the rules in the PDF all three indicators need to change (buy to sell or sell to buy) simultaneously on the same candle. So the six entries you designated with arrows did not conform to the rules.

Were you trying to point out that it could still be a successful strategy without the simultaneous change as long as you traded with the trend? It would certainly provide more trades though the winning percentage may be affected.

Ash, can you tell us your winning percentage of trades and pips per month of your system? I am not asking for hard stats but just your estimate. It seems like it could have a very high winning percentage but fewer trades because of the nailed candle rule.

Thanks for showing this to us.

--- 帖子 #9 ---
that would rule!

--- 帖子 #10 ---
I'm all for trading with the trend.

I just wanted to point out that the rules for Ash's beauty here could be clarified.

Thanks again, Ash, this is looking great!

--- 帖子 #11 ---
Nice share....thanks a bunch

--- 帖子 #12 ---
Thanks everyone for the appreciation.

Little busy right now, but I will answer some of the points raised later in the day!

--- 帖子 #13 ---
i think a good way might be the psar has to change

but the others dont have to be the right color on

the previous bar...

that would give a lot more entries

--- 帖子 #14 ---
thx a lot for sharing this system

--- 帖子 #15 ---
doesnt work well on these settings.

--- 帖子 #16 ---
Interesting system, thanks for sharing. Isn't a valid exit strategy for this system right on the chart ? Surely a trailing stop using PSAR would lock in plenty of pips going forward enough to overcome a reasonable win/loss ratio ?

Since for all of those three indicators to simultaneously change direction in order to signal a valid entry, this would indicate to me that it is a relatively strong move. This would be ideal to run a trailing exit using PSAR.

Just my 2 pips worth from eye-balling the chart.

--- 帖子 #17 ---
PipBagger - Unless I have mis-understood the entry rules, you have covered entries there which are not valid. I think I read it as saying that all indicators must change on the same bar simultaneously. It's an interesrting concept which I haven't really thought about before, but I can see some merit in it. Sure you will have missed opportunities but at the same time the opportunities that you get must be quite high probability.

Hopefully Forex moments can clarify this for us later.

--- 帖子 #18 ---
Yes, absolutely correct, a Nailed Candle is one where all three indicators have to line up on EXACTLY THE SAME CANDLE.  If not, then it's simply not a valid entry.

As for trading like pip_bagger mentioned, then I actually tested this method, and found that I got far too many false signals.  So to answer your question... with the method that I have specified in my e-book, I am getting around 70% winning trades. I usually trade hourly charts or more, but one can easily apply this as a scalping strategy on the 5 min charts. Just remember it's harder though because you're paying more spread per move. As for how many pips, then I honestly haven't counted, and anyway, it wouldn't bear any significance because i'm never trading the same pair, nor the same timeframe all the time.

It's important that people here get a feel for fundamentals as well, this will help you work out which are more likely to be trending or ranging, thus assisting you in selecting the pair to choose for trading this system.

--- 帖子 #19 ---
The problem with using the PSAR exclusively for exiting is that it's rather a laggy indicator.  So yes, on the example I provided, it seems using PSAR to exit alone is perfect, but due to the lagging nature of PSAR, it will bite you on other occassions.

--- 帖子 #20 ---
I am using the default PSAR settings (0.02, 0.2).

--- 帖子 #21 ---
Ok, here is what happened on the Cable, last week on Friday.

Now although I wouldn't recommend trading this system on NFP day (unless you got balls), the point is the system survived the beast, and you would have made more than 60 pips, trading off the hourly charts.

There was no real reason to sweat, because you would have had your stop in place, and TP in place, just had to wait to see what happened, hehe.

--- 帖子 #22 ---
Interesting, is that using your 30SL/30TP ? I guess that would work if you have a sustained 70% strike rate.

--- 帖子 #23 ---
No, that was not a 30SL/30TP. The PDF explains that the stop loss must be at the LOW OF THE NAILED CANDLE.

So in this case, the SL was around 65 pips.  Therefore the TP was 65 pips, which was reached rather comfortably.

--- 帖子 #24 ---
Here's an EA based on the ENTRY portion of this system. I'm still having difficulty programming for the exit. If any of you out there knows a programmer, do feel free to show them the code.

--- 帖子 #25 ---
Sorry pipbagger I forgot to answer your question.  The answer is, it doesn't matter whether the AO or the AC is above or below the line - just look for the same colour on candle close.

--- 帖子 #26 ---
I checked your EA in the strategy tester. I think that your openning order also when its not the first bar in both indicators.

--- 帖子 #27 ---
Don't ALL THREE indicators need to line up?

Buy:

Parabolic SAR goes from above price to below it

Accelerator Oscillator moves from Red to Green

Awesome Oscillator moves from Red to Green

the opposite for sell.

--- 帖子 #28 ---
I had tried using PSAR on a 15M chart along with some other indicators for some other system awhile back, I just find that if one even wait for PSAR as one of the indicators as to when to exit, you can get killed big time especially if price moves swiftly.  I had seen it as having its good and bad side, but waiting on a one hour bar seems like a very long, long time.

--- 帖子 #29 ---
Looks like a nailed bar on the USDCAD 30 min chart.

Long at 1.0052

TP at 1.0079

SL at 1.0025

--- 帖子 #30 ---
Hi, thanks for sharing your system.

I have one question, when the nailed candle has closed and a new begins, do all three indicators need to be lined up on the new candle for entry or do you just enter anyway?

--- 帖子 #31 ---
Hi, great system. However, I looked for this nailed candle in the 1h and 4h and could find a valid setup only proably once in 2 weeks or so. However, whenever a setup occurred it was almost a sure win. However, these setup, in my humble view, occur very very rarely. Is that something the others are also noticing?

Personally, I don't prefer any other tf other than 4 H.

Thanks again.

--- 帖子 #32 ---
Woke up to some profit this morning.

Good thing the stop was a hair below the low of the trigger bar cause it double bottomed before taking out the TP point.

Thanks Ash!

--- 帖子 #33 ---
I have noticed the same thing. I think that Ash mentioned that the system works on any pair, any time frame. So, if you want to trade it, you can look at a LOT of pairs, particularly if you are locked in to one timeframe.

Good Luck!

--- 帖子 #34 ---
Hi Ronyn, no problem my friend.

Basically, when you have a Nailed Candle, you enter immediately.

Theoretically speaking, you should enter at the closing of the Nailed Candle, because sometimes the opening of a new candle is slightly off by a few pips.  I.e. the opening of a new candle doesn't neccesarily mean it's at the same price of the the close of the previous candle.

So ignore whatever you might get on the candle after the Nailed Candle.  Just place your trust in the Nailed Candle.

Hope this helps!

--- 帖子 #35 ---
Hi Sundarvenu,

You are correct.  This is exactly why this system is so powerful.  I agree that the signals are very rare.  You could essentially go down to lower timeframes, but the spread per move is a bit high, (the lower you go).

This is why I said this system works on ANY pair, ANY timeframe.  So if you just concentrate on 1 timeframe and 1 pair, you are not going to get many signals.

--- 帖子 #36 ---
Your welcome pip_bagger!

I have to admit I thought it was going to hit our stop before going further upwards.  Sometimes this will happen - you will get stopped out, due to a nasty ranging market for a couple of hours, and then it will reverse, and you wouldn't even have seen an exit sign, because all three indicators will still show an upwards movement (perhaps not in this specific example, but it occurs occassionaly).

When this happens, then guys, you need to use some discretion.  Sometimes I do widen my stop slightly when I see a ranging market, just to let the pair breathe. This will only come with experience.  You also need to be aware of fundamentals.  Read up on fundies, trust me.  Look at the stuff what NewstraderFX writes - an absolutely gifted fundamentals trader.  Read the Financial Times.  Read up on politics. Get educated.

I have made the system totally mechanical for the purpose of simplicity, so that it suits everyone.

And hey pip_bagger - happy you're enjoying and profiting from my system!

--- 帖子 #37 ---
Exactly.

--- 帖子 #38 ---
personaly, I think these, high probability, but rare set ups are the best. You are forced to practice patience, you will not overtrade but only take A+ trades and you will trade with a high confidence level. 1 winning trade per month beats 100 trades that give a negative result. They are easy to spot as its just a matter of checking the other indicators every time you notice the s.a.r change. I would have thought it possible to change  the w/l ratio upto 1.5/1 or even 2/1 given the strength of the moves it seems to signal.

Very good work forexmoments

--- 帖子 #39 ---
For a LONG, should the AO and AC be above the zero line?  Or is it that we just care its a green color?

--- 帖子 #40 ---
Hello Ash,

Thank you for introducing us to your system. Thought I'd post this Parabolic Sar Color Alert indicator for everyone to try out to save time from constantly monitoring the charts. Just set the values the same as default value on MT4

.02 & .20 You can set your Par Sar colors to match the AC and AO indicators on your chart so when there's a change all colors will have to change simultaneously to be valid. The Par Sar will send out a sound alert and pop up window when Sar changes from up to down. This way you can have multiple pairs set up on your chart with the Par Sar Alert enabled and when you hear an alert sound just check to see if it's valid.

Hope this will be of some use for every one.....T-Wolf

--- 帖子 #41 ---
Exactly my thinking, M.A.C.Doug, I love these sorts of set-ups.

Patience is a wonderful thing to have (especially for people like me who tend to want to "overtrade"). Personally I have found that I usually make more money on the months where I take fewer trades.

I also think that the RR ratio may be inched up, but without testing this I am a bit reticent to change the profit setting on these trades.

Has anyone figured out how to modify the EA so that we can backtest this system? It looks like we just need the exits portion of this as Ronald Raygun has done the entries.......

--- 帖子 #42 ---
The only exits I put in was the opposite signal.

I can program in the AO AC change exit, but that would require a completely different version. I don't know how to combine them yet.

--- 帖子 #43 ---
Thanks Ash for a simple, straight-forward system!

Can anyone help?  Trying to load indicator/ alert from Thunderwolf.  Compiled it in editor, no errors,  but doesn't show up anywhere in navigator.

Thanks, Lee

--- 帖子 #44 ---
Hi Lee,

Did you load it in experts/indicators, close your MT4 platform then restart it? It should be there under custom indicators. Hope that works for you!

--- 帖子 #45 ---
This one is tricky because the PSAR has flip flopped over the past two hours, but it is technically an entry signal.

Long @ 1.4683

Stop @ 1.4655 (stop lower than trigger bar b/c market is ranging)

Profit @ 1.4714 (trying to go 1.1 risk to reward)

This one feels weird, but well worth it in my book, as it is a risk of 28 pips for 31 pips of profit. We shall see...

--- 帖子 #46 ---
Thunderwolf,

Do you happen to have the same alert for email notification only?

Thanks!

--- 帖子 #47 ---
Hi FXHOUND,

Sorry, this is the only alert I have for this indicator.Maybe some one could code an email alert function into it.....T-Wolf

--- 帖子 #48 ---
the market was waiting on the ECB interest rate announcement which is why the s.a.r flip flopped. I think that invalidates the signal. Its not the best time to trade unless you are betting on the announcment itself.

--- 帖子 #49 ---
yes it's dangerous

lower market at 1.4640 3 hours after

and now 1.4735 !

--- 帖子 #50 ---
Hi, thanks much for your reply. So, basically, you are suggesting we look at multiple pairs in multiple tf's. Is that correct?

We would probably be looking at about 60 charts, say, we are looking at 20 pairs in 3 different tf's. Just trying to understand.

Thanks again for this great thread.

--- 帖子 #51 ---
Hi,

Your system is great, I will put it to test right away on Demo. Thanks 4 your contribution

--- 帖子 #52 ---
Stop hit.

I usually don't talk myself out of signals even if there is an impending rate announcement. Remember, this system made $ on the NFP last week!

There was another entry signal after I was stopped out, and that one would definitely be up now, but may not have hit TP point....bummer I was sleeping.

The way I look at it, when I go back and backtest (usually through Forextester, one candle at a time) I don't check each candle to see if a NFP or rate announcement is near, I just take the signal.

I completely understand why people don't do that, but it's not my style.

Can't wait for the next signal...

--- 帖子 #53 ---
Pip_bagger - what broker are you using?

I am using Interbank FX for my signals, and there's no way I saw that short signal on my platform.

In fact, the only signal I got today on the Eur/Usd today was a 72 pip winner!

I don't understand why you got that short, because these are hourly charts, I can only assume it's a broker issue.

--- 帖子 #54 ---
Hi, I'm not saying you have to look at every pair and every timeframe, but choose a select few.

For example, the majors are a given, as are the other JPY pairs.  Try to look at H1 and above.  If you feel adventurous you can go lower!

--- 帖子 #55 ---
I am using the standard demo from Metaquotes for the signals. The default data feed for me (Australia) is ODL securities, not sure if that varies by location, I suspect that it does.

I think that the long that you took was the second long signal that I saw. I mentioned that it was a funky signal on my chart. I see on your chart that you had a red bar on the AC, whereas my data gave me a green bar on the AC (albeit a very small green bar). I would have re-entered had I been awake, but I was fast asleep.

Ash, I am not complaining at all about this little loss, as I see it as part of the game. It looks to me that the difference between a long signal (that resulted in a loss) and the “no signal” on your chart is just our data feed.

I should mention that a few hours ago I saw a signal on the EURCHF (15 min chart) that most people would have made money on, and last night there were several on Gold (I believe the 15 min and the 1 hour). My broker offers Gold. There are enough pairs and timeframes to keep you busy on currencies alone, even with this strategy.

I can only imagine that this system will work in most liquid markets, would you agree?

--- 帖子 #56 ---
hey pip bagger......  you mentioned....  Has anyone figured out how to modify the EA so that we can backtest this system....

will code it up tonight, unless someone beats me to it....h

--- 帖子 #57 ---
I think that more than a few people would be glad to hear that, thanks!

--- 帖子 #58 ---
ok here goes a quick shot at the ea...

also coded an indicator that will paint the bar of each signal.... blue for buy, red for sell....  after running a back test you can apply the indicator to a chart to double check it's accuracy.....

keep in mind the painted bar is the actual signal bar and your entry would be the following bar's open.....

the addition of a trend filter almost always helps..... holler back if any needed changes come to mind or errors are found.....h

--- 帖子 #59 ---
Nice work Hayseed!  I coded up a version last night as well and our approaches are very similar.  I'll post mine later tonight when I get off work.  Anyway, and this is not meant to be any criticism, but your code does things not called out for by forexmoments rules.  Again, I'm not saying it's wrong, I'm just saying that he doesn't say anything about using trailing stops or using a decrease factor in the lot calculations.  Also, he says stops should be at the high/low of the trigger candle with an equal profit target.  Determining lot size is also open to interpretation, and fwiw, I'd go with something similar to what you have rather than follow the rules.

Once again, I think you have done a wonderful job with your EA and the things I pointed out are meant only to open the door to discussion.

Best,

Flying Fish

--- 帖子 #60 ---
hey flying fish....  the trailing stop can be set to 0 which renders it unused and mm can be set to false which negates money management  impact completely.....  included those for functions just in case someone  might ask for them later....

i have a habit of scaning quickly thru posts and had clean overlooked the true pip nailer stop and profit  settings, thanks for pointing them out......

lookin forward to your ea.....  and again if anyone has suggestions for improvements  just holler..... we all benefit..... h

--- 帖子 #61 ---
Long @ 0.7845

Stop @ 0.7720

Profit @ 0.7985

Here's hoping we all see the same signal

P.S. There is also a long signal on the 15 min EURUSD right now...Good Luck!

--- 帖子 #62 ---
Here's another in the GBP/USD monthly. Signal happened Dec 2007 and target is around 1.9083. This will be interesting to see.

--- 帖子 #63 ---
Okay guys, here is my take on the subject.  I think it encompasses the rules without all of the bells and whistles.  I figure, let's get the basics down first, then we can add the cool stuff later.

However, there is one thing for me that sticks out like a sore thumb, and that is in the lot calculation.  Right now, the number of lots is determined as a percentage of the account balance verses the number of pips you're willing to risk.  In other words, if going long for example, the SL is set to the low of the trigger candle.  If that is 20 pips down, and you're risking 2% of your balance then a certain lot number is calculated.  Let's say on the next trade, the SL is 38 pips down, then lots is calculated based on that.  It all boils down to this: the more pips the SL is away from you entry, the fewer lots you'll trade and vice-versa.  In backtesting, the lot sizes were all over the place, and I'd much prefer a more stable number like 0.11 growing to 0.12 etc. as your balance increases.  What was really scary was when at lower time frames, the pip distance was like only 6 or 7 and that caused lots to go to like 20+ or whatever.

So, I propose a rule change to allow for a different method of lot calculation.  What do you say, forexmoments?  And what ideas do you guys have to make it more reasonable?

--- 帖子 #64 ---
I don't see that signal on NZD/USD Daily.  I advise everyone to use Interbank FX, because their charts are based on GMT, and GMT is where I did my testing before I decided to release this system.

--- 帖子 #65 ---
Thank you for your efforts, all you coders.

As for money management, then to each his own, but as a general rule, I don't like to risk more than 2 percent of my account!  I think 1% is a safe risk.

That is the thing with this system, because the stops vary, then the lots will vary.  Honestly, there is no hard and fast rule for this, I generally keep it at a % risk, because in terms of PROBABILITY, it doesn't actually matter what size your stop is. Theoretically, every valid signal has the same probability of winning/losing.

--- 帖子 #66 ---
For you guys out there who like to trade on the shorter time frames and scalp, here is an example of a couple of Nailed Candles on the Eur/Usd, 5 min chart.  They both happened on the same day, earlier this week.

Both of them were beautiful trades.

--- 帖子 #67 ---
I saw the signal on the Eur/Usd 15Mn chart but didn't take it as News was coming out later. Glad I didn't, turned out to be a loser. I'm also using IBFX for my signals.

--- 帖子 #68 ---
Yep, again I stress, I don't advise people to trade during the news.

Yes the system won on NFP last Friday - that was simply an example to show you it still can work, but you have to be aware of the risks.

If you're going to trade during news, I wish you the very best of luck.

--- 帖子 #69 ---
I have a question ash or anyone whom can answer. Since this system works on all pairs and all time frames, do you follow the larger time frame and enter on a smaller tf? Or it doesnt matter you can lock into one tf if you want? I think it works either way just curious because I want to correctly test this system...bottom line do you just lock into one tf per cross?

--- 帖子 #70 ---
Hi,

Thanks for your contribution.The system is amazing.I have been demo trading it and it has been wonderful .Can you help me with par sar alert signal.You can send it to my email address : nickobuse@yahoo.com.

Thanks for your anticipated cooperation. Have a good trading week ahead.

Nick

--- 帖子 #71 ---
well I happened to test this system this week starting at 8pm on 01/07/2008 and am happy to say just trading off of the 30min tf on the guppy I caught 1,000 PIPS THIS WEEK ALONE....and oh yea my birthday was thursday so this was a great birthday week thanks ash!!!!

Im a swing trader so this systems fits me perfectly

all I did was:

made sure the macd swing coincided with the awesome and accelarator oscillators...made sure the oscillators were the same color and/or increasing or decreasing and made sure the psar matched up with everything....

Fyi...I just locked into one tf and one pair

Maybe I got lucky I dont know but this was a great bday week for me!!!!

--- 帖子 #72 ---
[quote=bullish84;1798824]well I happened to test this system this week starting at 8pm on 01/07/2008 and am happy to say just trading off of the 30min tf on the guppy I caught 1,000 PIPS THIS WEEK ALONE....and oh yea my birthday was thursday so this was a great birthday week thanks ash!!!!

Im a swing trader so this systems fits me perfectly

all I did was:
made sure the macd swing coincided with the awesome and accelarator oscillators...made sure the oscillators were the same color and/or increasing or decreasing and made sure the psar matched up with everything....

Bulllish84,

Fantastic results for the week, can you post some charts showing how you were making your entries?

Many thanks,

Noel.

--- 帖子 #73 ---
sure noel...can you tell me how to post pix of my charts?

--- 帖子 #74 ---
Well, I don't think you are using the precise rules mentioned for this system. If yes, please specify this part. I don't see MACD being mentioned anywhere in the pip nailer system's rules.

Just want to make sure so we don't confuse everyone here.

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #75 ---
Bullish84,

What did you use as the exit trigger? Where the entires per the system with confirmation on MACD with standard settings? Please let us know so the rest of us that are interested can also do some back testing.

Thanks, lcfxtrader

--- 帖子 #76 ---
When you have your chart ready, right click and choose "Save as Picture", name a file and save it. In the forum below you will see "Manage Attachment and load the file.

--- 帖子 #77 ---
drick...I use vt trader I cant right click and save the chart to file....Ive tried also printing to pdf and that just freezes my computer...Any other ideas to capture the chart picture?

just in case here is a sample of my trade until I figure out how to post pix...

my favorite day (my bday) and one of the most profitable days I had this week was on 1/10 at 11pm est (2300)

I entered short at 214.55 which includes my 8 point spread

30 min. tf

macd was in a downswing

awesome osc. was red and declining

chaos accelarator was red and declining

psar was above the candles

I set my stop at the high of the previous candle

I added a .3 lot to each candle for the next 9 candles

I exited at the open of the candle on 1/11 3:30am est. 212.66 for a total of 189 pips of 2.7 lots total....

--- 帖子 #78 ---
Bullish84,

Here is the picture I have from your entry and exit. It is NOT a valid Pip Nailer in my chart. Unless someone else have a chart showing different. Let'e keep this thread simple by having the Pip Nailer signal the FIRST and ONLY signal to get in a trade.

Rick

--- 帖子 #79 ---
On FXDD M30 there is not one single valid entry for the last week following the rules that ALL 3 conditions must appear at the same candle!

--- 帖子 #80 ---
according to ash and my intrepretation that is exactly the pip nailer....it says in the pdf the accelerator and awesome oscillators both need to be red and the psar above the candle for a short.....How is this not a valid signal? Even if my intrpretation is off it was still very profitable for me this week....Once again Id love to show you the charts if anyone can help me figure out how?Any Vt trader users here know how?

--- 帖子 #81 ---
DO not forget to take into consideration different brokers have different settings and feeds....Any vt users here can take a look see. And not that this matters I also use heikin-ashi candlesticks for visual reasons

--- 帖子 #82 ---
If the PSAR is changing above the candle and the Awesome and Accelerator are red already since some candles before... that is not a valid signal. They have to change from green to red at the same candle as the PSAR change.

I agree... would have made heaps of pips following your rules, but that is not what is written in the pdf file.

--- 帖子 #83 ---
I hope this will make it clear:

I quote Ash Entry Rules second paragraph:

"Here is an illustration on the EUR/USD, hourly chart. Notice how all three indicators changed color/position at Exactly the same bar. This is very important. Anything else is not a valid signal or a nailed candle."

So, if your VT trader showed the Accelerator and awesome oscillator changed color from Green to Red, and PSAR changed position from bottom to top, at the same candle, then you do have a pip nailer. But it is not the case from your interpretation, I'm sorry.

I'm happy you made money but it is important we don't make this to be confusing for others.

Rick

--- 帖子 #84 ---
Seems to me that all you are really trading is the PSAR with this system.  I did not spend a whole lot of time with it, but going over the past few months of EURUSD on a 1 hour chart with your indicators, it seems that for the most part, the AC and AO line up at roughly the same points as the PSAR each time.  When I look to add a new indicator, I would only add it if it acts as a filter to screen me out of bad trades.  Maybe I am not seeing it with this system, but it just looks to me like all three are coincident and are basically telling you the same thing.  In my experience PSAR and ATR trading systems will not make you money in the long run.  But as always, I am happy to be proven wrong.

--- 帖子 #85 ---
Not really.

On the attached chart there are only TWO valid entry signals, nailed candles.

1 loser and 1 winner. (red vertical lines)

--- 帖子 #86 ---
To me, the AO and AC seem to be just OLD cousins to MACDs. They seem to be the olden days versions of MACD(5,34) and MACD-Histogram(5,34,5) respectively. The MACDs use EMA which is very difficult to calculate with calculators and so the AC and AO use simpe MA with fixed numbers (may be pre-computer days stuff). So, AO is same as 5,34-SMA crossing. One can easily use MACDs which are faster responding.

Just wanted everyone to know what they are using.

chandra

--- 帖子 #87 ---
Chandra set it all look at the charts of the AO and AC they are just simplified versions of the MACD just put the default settings of the MACD and look how they look the same. They are nothing new..just a new paint on the old version...

--- 帖子 #88 ---
Hi Ash!

When the PSAR dot, AO and AC all CHANGE simultaneously, do we place a market order immediately when they appear? Or do we wait for the close of the PipNailer candle before making an entry?

The reason I ask, is that if any of the indicators repaint, then we may not have a valid entry unless we wait for the close. Unfortunately, it seems in a majority of cases, if we wait for the close that we forfeit much/most/all of the movement by waiting.

Thanks so much for sharing your PipNailer Method with us!

BobKat

--- 帖子 #89 ---
In the pdf he mentions you get inthe trade at the close of the candle.

--- 帖子 #90 ---
I back tested this on the 4hr and daily on the GBP/JPY. Profit for one year on the 4hr was about +260 pips with 3 wins 1 loss. 4 trades that fit the criteria only.

The daily didn't do very well either with only a few hunded pips profit and only 3 trades in a year. I'm using FXDD with gmt +2, it shouldn't make much difference. Paris

--- 帖子 #91 ---
Hi Bullish.

If you want to obtain a copy of your chart as a bitmap or jpeg, then just open yoour chart, and press "print screen" on your keyboard.  It's at the top right corner on your keyboard.

Then go to MS Paint, and paste it there.

Save and attach.

Hope this helps.

I think everyone here would like to see what you are seeing!

--- 帖子 #92 ---
Bobcat, these indicators do not repaint.  Yes, they will alternate during the forming of a candle, but that isn't the definition of repainting.

Repainting means that an indicators changes AFTER the candle has closed.  These indicators DEFINITELY do not repaint - they wil stick to their positions indefinitely once the candle has closed.

This is why it is imperative you only trade at the close of the candle.

--- 帖子 #93 ---
And yes to confirm, you don't use multiple similtaneous timeframes for this system.

--- 帖子 #94 ---
Bullish, FXmoments, and everyone:

There are much better solutions than using "print screen" and MSPaint. Here are four fantastic freewares: http://www.techsupportalert.com/best...ilities.htm#31

Personally, I use #4. You can, for example, capture the "window/object" [Alt-PrntScrn] within a program, so you can easily capture the chart only within MT4, with no cutting/cropping, etc.:

--- 帖子 #95 ---
The ultimate screen capture software is SNAGIT. No other screen capture software beats this one.

Capture anything on your screen - from an area to a scrolling web page.

Edit your screen capture using the built-in image editor.

Share, save and print your screen capture in the format of your choice.

If you want a copy of it, send me a pm.

--- 帖子 #96 ---
I'm not familiar with SNAGIT, but the programs I've listed seem to do all of what you mention - and are free to use (no adware, spyware, etc.). I think we should honor the authors/coders of these programs, who, like us, just want to make a living...

(I would encourage you to also look at the other software on this list - http://www.techsupportalert.com/best..._utilities.htm - but that's a bit off-topic...)

--- 帖子 #97 ---
Hello...

It is very interesting to see others using Bill Williams materials to create there own system.

I also use BW materials including, divergence, fractals, high-low, AO, AC and Alligator. They are too much to go into on this forum, but you should really read his books "Trading Chaos" and "New Trading Dimensions". They are fantastic.

By reading his books you will learn the proper way to use the AO and AC and apply it to any market.

Good luck with this system.

--- 帖子 #98 ---
Hi Paris,

Like I have said before, I get an average of a 70% win/loss ratio.

Your 3 out of 4 winners is a hit rate of 75%.  Seriously, this system is designed that even though the signals do not come around that often, the point is that in the overall scheme of things you'll get more winners than losers.

Also, you can't expect that many signals on H4 and D1, BUT when you do see them - be very confident in taking them.

--- 帖子 #99 ---
Hi Ash,

I was re-reading the exit rules and I think I may have misinterpreted part of it.  When you say "You can also let the trend continue, and then exit when both of the AO and the AC have changed color."  Does that mean when the AO and AC change color simultaneously like when looking for an entry or, it doesn't matter just exit when they both are the opposite color of what you entered on?

Thanks for the system, I think you might have something here.

--- 帖子 #100 ---
hey all.... seen several posts lately about charts..... if for some reason you need the entire screen, the 'print screen' button on your keyboard will capture it all.....

however if your goal is to post a single chart, you can right click on the chart and among the list is 'save as picture'..... select active chart ...... might want to keep the size within reason, ff has some rules .....

coded up the painted pip nailer to include an email option, the standard popup alert and also a user selectable wav alert..... also made some vast improvements in the pip nailer ea...... both were posted in 58 and my intentions were just to replace those , but dangit, it appears we can't edit our posts....... lookin at my options now..... h

--- 帖子 #101 ---
This setup met all of the criteria and ran for over 400 pips overnight-not too shabby

--- 帖子 #102 ---
Hi, please correct me if iam wronge..

according to rule i think this is not sell entry even if its profitable..

that one of condition is AC Have to change his color also;;

and the changing for all indicators should happen in the same candle!

--- 帖子 #103 ---
AC was RED- Please don't be a pinhead when responding

--- 帖子 #104 ---
He meant to say that even though they were all red the system calls for them to turn red at the same time. Not just being red, but a change FROM the other color TO red at the same time.

Thanks,

--- 帖子 #105 ---
No biggie- just joking with him. Who cares about 400 pips if you ain't following the rules. right?

--- 帖子 #106 ---
Yes, I totally concur - Bill Williams' indicators still hold to this day.

In a world where everyone seems to be sidetracked by fancy custom indicators, it seems more and more are neglecting the tried and tested ones out there.

--- 帖子 #107 ---
LOL, yeah, but you need to have a strict, coherent, CONSISTENT strategy.

And of course hindsight is a beautiful thing.

--- 帖子 #108 ---
Thanks for letting me know about Snag It.  Although I haven't used it yet, I have just checked some reviews on it, and wow - awesome features!

Nice one WH!

--- 帖子 #109 ---
Hi Flying Fish,

No, it doesn't matte when the AO and AC change colour.  They don't have to change colour similtaneously.  They just have to change colour.

--- 帖子 #110 ---
Yes, I think I might... hehe

--- 帖子 #111 ---
Ok guys,

This was today on the Eur/Jpy on the 5 min chart.

Another beautiful Nailed Pip!

--- 帖子 #112 ---
I think it's o.k. to look at 15 pairs on the daily every day. If it just averages about 3 trades per year with an average profit of 200 pips per year per currency that's 3000 extra pips per year for about 20 minutes of work every day. Averaging almost 1 trade per week. Not bad and actually pretty good. Paris

--- 帖子 #113 ---
When applying the stop loss. Do you place the stop loss at the wick of the high or low of the candle ? Or just place the stop loss at the top or bottom of the candle body? Thanks, Paris

--- 帖子 #114 ---
Hi Paris,

You place your stop at the high or low of the Nailed Candle, i.e. at the high/low of the wick, (as opposed to the open or close of candle).

--- 帖子 #115 ---
i have today +40 Pip taken.

Thanks Ash for the System.

Regards

tordi

--- 帖子 #116 ---
Thanks Ash, I have now updated my EA to reflect that change.

--- 帖子 #117 ---
It is a TRIAL.... your assuming otherwise. I mentioned it because the program is  better than the ones mentioned.

--- 帖子 #118 ---
Just saw this system. How has it been doing?

What settings, TF and pairs is everyone using?

Thanks

EDIT: with the EA can you add TP and SL? What does the Percent setting represent? Does the EA only allow for Automatic trade placement with Money management? If I don't want to use MM, can you add a fixed Lot amount? Thanks

--- 帖子 #119 ---
Hey Tordi, you're most welcome!

--- 帖子 #120 ---
Really appreciate it mate.

--- 帖子 #121 ---
Hi Matrixbiz,

Everyone is using different timeframes and different pairs.

I have posted some chart set ups in this thread, and so have others.

I recommend everyone uses GMT charts.

You can use 5 min all the way to monthly even. If you look at the Cable, on a monthly, you will see a current signal.

--- 帖子 #122 ---
The EA will set TP and SL in accordance with the rules.  RiskPercent is the percentage of your account balance you'd like to place for each trade (default 2%).  The lot size will be variable as each trade will be different, however you still won't be risking more than what you have set for RiskPercent.

Other features (like using fixed lots) are being considered for a future version, however right now, I just want to work with Ash's system the way he wrote it.

--- 帖子 #123 ---
Ok, thanks. Testing it out now

--- 帖子 #124 ---
Hi Ash!

I love this thread!

Question please: Your recent post indicated a Sell trade on the monthly Cable. If I follow your directions, the nailed candle Stop Loss is 817 pips. This would mean that my Take Profit target is also 817 pips? Even a one microlot trade would mean a risk of $81.70. Are my calculations accurate or do need to go back to school?

Many thanks,

Bob in Wisconsin

--- 帖子 #125 ---
Hi, trying out the ea, and on gbp/jpy 1-16-08, 4:00 gmt, was a  30 minute sell signal, ea didn't take trade till next bar, which was second printed sar dot.

--- 帖子 #126 ---
Same here... I have been experimenting with the EA by Flying Fish.  It seems like it will only work on hourly charts..  My USD/CHF chart on IBFX had a buy signal on closed nailer at 7:30 GMT and 8:00 GMT as well but the EA did not enter any trades.

Recently, the hourly chart for AUD/JPY, the EA did enter and made profit on +29 pips gain.  The trade was opened at 6:00 GMT.

I am using the same EA so it is my guess that the EA will not work on 30M charts unless I did something wrong.

Looking forward to hear the response from Flying Fish.  Thanks for your great assistance with the EA.

--- 帖子 #127 ---
Just a few moments ago... the closed nailer on hourly EUR/GBP on 11:00 GMT candle was confirmed as a sell signal but the Flying Fish EA did not enter the trade on the next opening candle.

Not sure why?

--- 帖子 #128 ---
Flying Fish,

I think I understand why some signals that your EA did not take were because the both AC and AO must be above the zero line for buy and below the zero line for sell.  Am I correct?  If yes, it would not be the rule that the Pip Nailer creator use.  I believe the color only has to be the same regardless its current value above or below the zero line.

--- 帖子 #129 ---
This is correct!

--- 帖子 #130 ---
I'm not too sure why the EA doesn't follow the correct trades, but maybe Flying Fish can iron these out later.

--- 帖子 #131 ---
Yet another beautiful trade today, on GBP/USD on the 5min chart.

--- 帖子 #132 ---
I hope you personally took this signal - would have banked a lot of pips there!

--- 帖子 #133 ---
Once again I stress everyone, it doesn't matter whether the AO or AC are above or below the middle line - as long as they're the same colour on the same bar then that is all that matters.

--- 帖子 #134 ---
Hi FXHOUND,

I don't see a trade setup on my chart, could you post yours?

BTW, I use IBFX.

--- 帖子 #135 ---
No, the EA does not care about the zero line -- only when the bars change color.  Thanks for your suggestion though.

--- 帖子 #136 ---
Flying Fish -

I use IBFX too.  Do you see the red candle for both AC and AO on 11:00 GMT bar and the para is above the price candle?  It is the sell setup at the opening of 12:00 GMT bar.  Why was it not the sell signal?

Thanks for your help

--- 帖子 #137 ---
Mine trades on the following bar as well, I marked where signal is but you can see trade on next bar.

--- 帖子 #138 ---
For those trades the EA may have missed -- please check the Expert tab on your console to see if there were any error messages from the EA.  I can think of one situation where the computed lots will exceed your margin requirements all the while staying within 2% of your balance.  I highly suspect that is why the trade didn't go through.

Please continue to report any concerns you may have.

Thanks!

Flying Fish

--- 帖子 #139 ---
Do you mean here?  If so, only the SAR changed not the AO or AC.  Remember, all three indicators must change all at the same time.  If this isn't the spot, please post a pic.  Thanks.

--- 帖子 #140 ---
This is correct.  The rules state to enter at the close of the nailed candle, i.e. at the start of the next candle.

The EA enters at the open (start) of the next candle.

--- 帖子 #141 ---
Flying Fish,

Yes, that's the exact spot I was talking about.  I never knew that all three indicators must change at the same time.  I thought if the SAR changed and both AC and AO candle color are corresponding to the SAR direction, it is good to go on the next opening candle.  My apologies...  It is no way that anyone can watch the monitor every minute for 8 hours or 16 hours to wait for all three indicators to change at the exactly same time.  That's why we need the EA as it is impossible to trade that way manually.  Is that correct?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #142 ---
Ok, thanks Flying Fish. Just wondering if you could add a tolerance option, what I mean is to have an option to still initiate the trade if all indicators agree still within 1-2 bars only. See attached. Missed a good trade by 1 bar because SAR was late by 1 bar

--- 帖子 #143 ---
Well, I sure don't want to be monitoring it every hour or whatever time frame you choose, so I wrote the EA.

Best,

Flying Fish

--- 帖子 #144 ---
LOL, yes a lot of trades seem to slip by within one or two bars, but how many bad trades did we avoid because of this?

Best,

Flying Fish

--- 帖子 #145 ---
LOL, unless you're a full time trader.

--- 帖子 #146 ---
I don't know, I'll have to look back at the charts. If you think this option will hurt us more then help us then we'll leave well enough alone  Just thought it might be an option if we wanted to test it if it wasn't to hard for you to add in the code. Thanks

--- 帖子 #147 ---
Believe me guys, when I was developing this system I tested so many different iterations.  The conclusion I came to is, if we were to take trades such as these, where we miss by a candle or two, then you will end up losing pips in the long run.  The false signals will override any winners you'd get.

Stick to the rules guys, trust me.

--- 帖子 #148 ---
Ok no problem  Thank you for the system

--- 帖子 #149 ---
Is anyone trying the M15 charts? I would like to know how the EA is working with it.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #150 ---
Have been trading 15 minute charts - manually, not with the EA.

As Ash said (and this applies to many systems, really), the problem with the shorter time frames is that the spread eats into your profits.

The 4H and daily TFs are great, but you can certainly make money on the 5M and 15M, in my opinion.

--- 帖子 #151 ---
Matrixebiz from my understanding from previous post, the ea will only work on hourly charts, Quite possibly im wrong, Could flyingfish comment on this

Thanks

--- 帖子 #152 ---
Flying Fish -

Could you please check the NZD/USD M30 chart on the IBFX platform?  I was running the EA and it sold at 0.7689 at 22:30 on 1/16  the stop loss was set at 0.7723 and target at 0.7660.  Strangely, the EA closed the trade at 0.7687 for two pips gain at 01:00 on 1/17.  Was there a rule in the EA that any trades must be liquidated after a specific amount of running time?  I was just wondering why it decided to close the trade at 0.7687?

Thanks!

--- 帖子 #153 ---
The EA works on all time frames.  Due to the nature of the beast, the spread plays a larger role in lower time frames and therefore may not be practical.  If you had fractional pip spreads (such as ECN) then it would be more worthwhile.

--- 帖子 #154 ---
Hi FxHound,

I'm currently away from my platform, so I can't comment specifically on your trade.  I'll cover the two exit possibilities:  One, either the SL or TP  is hit, that's pretty straight forward.  The other exit is when both the AO and the AC change colors from the entry color, but it doesn't have to occur at the same candle.  See further up when I asked this question to ForexMoments and he covered it for me (which lead to the v1.1 program).

--- 帖子 #155 ---
I noticed that MagicNumber is int. How does it handle multiple currencies on the same platform? Should I make MagicNumber extern to be able to change for each currency I run it on?

--- 帖子 #156 ---
You probably should do that.

A different magic number for each chart pretty much.

--- 帖子 #157 ---
The program checks to see that the symbol (currency) matches along with the magic number.  So running different symbols on the same platform is okay.  What *won't* work is running the same currency on two (or more) different time frames at the same time.  That would require a change to magic.  It's easily fixed since you have the source code, however if there is a big enough demand I could make the change on the next update.

--- 帖子 #158 ---
Whoops, my bad.  What I said above is my normal style, however in this case, the EA will only open one trade at a time and it remembers that ticket number, however....

Very Important
If you turn your computer off, lose power, or even just change time frames while a trade is open, the EA will forget it has a ticket open.  Since SL and TP are already set, this isn't too bad, however the second exit as explained above (AO and AC changing color) will no longer work.

- - - Edit, added below - - -

You can use the EA on any chart you have open, even multiple time frames are okay - just don't switch the charts time frame if that chart has an open trade.  I hope that is clear?

--- 帖子 #159 ---
Ok, and you mean I trade per currency, correct?

--- 帖子 #160 ---
The reason for the problem with the EA might came from the fact that few brokers allow only 1/10 steps of lot size.

In this case if the calculation will give 0.12 lot the order will be denied.

--- 帖子 #161 ---
Maybe the code should be changed a little to have an 'Account Type' option which maybe set to 1 tells the EA that the account only trades in 0.1 min lot sizes and 2 for IBFX that trades min of 0.01 lot sizes.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #162 ---
Today there was a classic set up on the Eur/Jpy.

--- 帖子 #163 ---
Hi dovgr,

No, that's not it.  The EA will properly handle that situation. Thanks for your suggestion though.

--- 帖子 #164 ---
I would say 5M is the LOWEST one should go.  And only then when there's volatility, but not during news.

If you wanna scalp the M1 charts, then in all honesty, I haven't really tested the system rigorously, to the extent where I can say, you'll make money on one min charts.

--- 帖子 #165 ---
New Version 1.2:

* You can now set a fixed lot size

* EA will find ticket in case of power loss, etc.

You can trade all of the currencies and time frames you want.

I hope you'll enjoy these new features.

Best,

Flying Fish

--- 帖子 #166 ---
Flying Fish, what can I say?  You are one very generous person.

Thanks again.  Let's hope this helps our trading!

--- 帖子 #167 ---
Flying Fish -

Is it possible to have the version that will continue with the 2% allocation per trade and automatic ticket finder in case of power loss?  I do not want to be stuck with the fixed lot size because the stop loss are varied for each trade.  It is in my opinion if we stick with the 2% rule, we can make more money than the fixed lot size strategy.

--- 帖子 #168 ---
FXHound my friend, the EA has the option for both.

--- 帖子 #169 ---
Thank you

--- 帖子 #170 ---
If you don't want Fixed Lots, use;

useFixedLot = false

--- 帖子 #171 ---
Excellent... thanks for your assistance!

--- 帖子 #172 ---
I just started putting the charts up and noticed on the daily for the EURUSD on 1/17/08 a short signal appeared.  now, its 30 pips into the trade.  Please confirm if I have identified the trade entry correctly.  If so, would this be too late and cosidered chasing it?  Also, what kind of stop loss would one use with the daily chart?  the signal came after a long candle.

Trader4life

--- 帖子 #173 ---
Just found a way to use the strategy tester today... ran test on all major pairs on various time frames like H4, H1, M15, etc... on Flying Fish's EA for the past 12 months (Jan 1, 2007 to Jan 17, 2008)  Most results are below 40% win ratio and net loss.  I was wondering if the strategy tester can be wrong or what?  If not, why would we keep trading this method?  I must be missing something.  Please advise...

--- 帖子 #174 ---
I've been following this strategy and I must say that so far it has been great. I do, however, recommend that you trade with this strategy until when the london and US markets are open. During low volatility it does not do so great, but that's more because of the slow movements rather than the strategy. I think if you could do a back test simply during those hours you might see more profitable results rather than all the time.

Thanks,

--- 帖子 #175 ---
Yes, this is correct.

I will explain some more later on.

--- 帖子 #176 ---
FXhound, did you look into the performance of individual pairs and time frames? While the overall result may not be encouraging, perhaps we can all profit from this strategy on certain pairs and on certain timeframes? Also, what is the largest tf you've tested?

--- 帖子 #177 ---
Hello everyone.

Here I go with my 1st post.

I have been following this thread with great interest, it has taught me a lot as I am a total nuub.

I'd just like to say, Ash and flying fish thank you so much for sharing this and donating your time, you are a great help.

Now I have a couple of really nuub questions that I want to ask, but you all have to promise not to point and laugh......

I don't know how to apply the mq4 file in mt4.

I know this is a little of subject so if anyone would like to PM me and help I would be eternally grateful.

Also what does EA stand for? I guess electronic automation or something like?

Thanks

Ben

--- 帖子 #178 ---
Hello Ash

because stradegy doesnt do as well during low volitily, and suggested only to be used during london and NY, Maybe Flying Fish can code start and Finish time that it runs, Just an idea, worth thinking about,

great work Ask and Flying Fish on this

Thanks

--- 帖子 #179 ---
[quote=Flying Fish;1808029]New Version 1.2:

* You can now set a fixed lot size

* EA will find ticket in case of power loss, etc.]

Flying Fish - even though I downloaded v1.2 all I have under Inputs for the EA is RiskPercent. No SL,TP, Fixed lots etc.

What am I missing?

Thanks so much for all efforts with this..............and a big Thank You Ash for sharing!

Sue

--- 帖子 #180 ---
Ok, about Flying Fish's EA.

Firstly guys, do NOT trust MT4's backtester - it is a pile of doo doo; it's just not reliable.  In order for you to to get a good idea of how profitable the Pip Nailer EA is, then you really need to FORWARD TEST it for a few weeks/months.

If you read through the thread, I clearly specified the dangers of taking trades during news.  I strongly encourage everyone not to delve into that arena. I do not trade the system during news hours - if anything, I will actually play a low risk, safe straddle on the major reports, nothing to do with Pip Nailer. So if you're running the EA during news - DON'T. If there was a timeframe that I would say is safe to trade REGARDLESS of any news spikes or sudden fundamental announcements, then it would be the Daily and above.  Anything lower and don't be surprised to see your stops being taken out by the spikes.

Also, I explained the dangers of trading the EA on the lower timeframes, anything below H1.  This is because of the lack of movement, and due to the spread eating into profits.

This is why I never rely on trading exclusively with EAs, even with proven methods.  They just don't work, especially if you leave them on 24/7  - they need manual intervention.  So yes, by all means use the EA, but NOT during news, and NOT during a dead market. If the market aint moving, how you gonna make pips?  If you wanna scalp using Pip Nailer, don't do it outside London / New York.

In addition, I also explained the importance of understanding the market, fundamentals, and especially Support and Resistance levels.  Give me a naked chart and the first thing I will do is look for major support and resistance levels.  It is beyond the scope of this thread outlining and detailing S&R, but suffice it to say if you don't know much about them, it would be a wise thing to get yourself educated.

Finally guys, do not expect to plug in this, or ANY other EA, sit back and make loads of cash. I mean seriously. Forex isn't that easy folks, wake up and smell the coffee.  It requires hard work, dedication, knowledge, patience and money management.

Thanks.

Ash

--- 帖子 #181 ---
forex momements --- these folks are trying to program an ea off the system

and really are interested in contributions... your feedback is beyond the scope. I mean,,,,

--- don't trust backtesting? Really? I guess these folks were planning on using live money-- 10 full 1-1 leverage lots out of the gate.

--- Trading news? Outside of NFP, the ea they design should be able to handle it.

--- Really forex isnt easy? Wow that's a revelation.

---- using an ea out of the gate 24 hours is impossible because of dead markets? What are you smoking with that statement? I know of at least 2 good way around it and there are probably a dozen that I have not grasped.. Granted, you have identified the weakness of this ea as in its present form as it is missing 3-4 conceptual items (as most forum eas do). I however, picked up at least 1 programming feature that has stumped me so I think this is an overall success. Geez, let these folks live in piece and develop some ideas.

And yes folks, you can trade a 15 mn time frame. Its not that impossible~!

--- 帖子 #182 ---
I was just explaining the reasons behind why the EA will not perform to some peoples expectations. Also, I was referring to using a demo account to forward test, so cut the sarcasm my friend. I'm in no way shape or form disputing anyone's efforts or contributions in the forum.  The reason why I mentioned the 24/7 thing is because it's true.  I designed the system, so I know what I'm talking about. I was talking about the LOWER timeframes (yes including the 15min timeframe).

--- 帖子 #183 ---
I stress again, I doubt that my system will handle it.  So if the EA is designed strictly adhering to my rules, then you're in for a rough ride if trading news with it.

But if everyone here can help improve the system so that it can withstand news reports, I'm all for it!

--- 帖子 #184 ---
PipGoddess,

SL and TP are determined by the rules of the system, you do not enter them yourself.  The new version does allow for fixed lots however, so if you downloaded 1.2, remember to compile it before use.

-Flying Fish

--- 帖子 #185 ---
As the EA programmer, I should probably say something but Ash has already said it all.

I'm all for improvement as well, so if Ash were to amend his rules based on input from this group then I'll do the same for the EA.  However, I will not be changing things around on the whim of every Tom, Dick, or Harry who comes by and wants to plug in their favorite indicator.

If you have an idea, and you've done your research, then by all means present it to the group.

Thanks,

Flying Fish

--- 帖子 #186 ---
Couldn't have said it better myself.

--- 帖子 #187 ---
Hi Trader4Life:

I think that it is quite clear - Ash states that his system is designed to enter on the open of the bar after the signal bar (and sometimes entering just as the signal bar is closing, as sometimes the bar after the signal bar might gap open or run up, or down, quite quickly).

I sometimes wait for a small retracement on the bar after the signal bar, but that is just my style - not Ash's system.

I would recommend that you enter on the open of the bar after the signal bar, as this will approximate how Ash (presumably) tested and trades his system.

Personally, myself, I don't mind delaying a trade, waiting for a retracement on the bar after the signal bar, but you won't always get a retracement. In fact, for some of the best trades (profit target is hit quickly and easily) you will see that there is no retracement on the bar after the signal bar.

Ash may have some insight for us.......I wonder if he has a feeling for which trades are more likely to be successful, those that run away from entry on the bar after the signal bar, or those that retrace a bit before running in the expected direction. It may be that the signals that have a bit of a retracement are less likely to be profitable....or perhaps it doesn't matter much.

--- 帖子 #188 ---
Hey Pip_bagger, thanks for your contribution.

To be honest, I haven't really looked too much into retracements, although I had been considering it some time ago.  The main reason why I didn't place too much emphasis on it was because I wanted to create a simple system. However, maybe this is one area that can be researched in the coming weeks.

--- 帖子 #189 ---
Hi

Would like to give the system a try. Anyobody know if there are free webbased charts that include both Awesome + Accelerator Osc? Could not find anything on the net

Regards

--- 帖子 #190 ---
Hi Nesa:

Try InterbankFX - here you can get Metatrader and load up the indicators on this post.

http://www.interbankfx.com/Accounts/OpenDemo.aspx

--- 帖子 #191 ---
Hi pip_bagger

Was looking into Metatrader, the problem is im at work and dont rlly wana download and install any software. Might try anyway as it seems that there's not rlly much of an alternative.

Cheers!

--- 帖子 #192 ---
Install metatrader on a flash drive.

--- 帖子 #193 ---
great stuff, and correct me please someone if I'm wrong, but I've always been led to believe that P-SARS were designed and created to work best off daily charts ? Obvioulsy they're very useful in lower TFs as you have demonstrated, but have you tried this method out on Daily charts ?

--- 帖子 #194 ---
Ash, one of the best, helpful & informative threads I've come across, congrats.

may I add my 2 cents worth ? My understanding of P-SARS is that the original use for them is also to act as exit stop-loss points.

In other words, once a long trade starts moving in your favour, you should change from using the low of the signal bar or whatever you use as a Stop-Loss when you initiate the trade, and start ratcheting up your Stop-Loss position to the latest P-SAR pip

A further development of this idea that I have found useful time and time again is, once I'm in the trade I switch my candles to heiken-ashi.

The first time a H-A bar appears of the opposite colour to my trade (ie turns red if I'm long), I stop moving my P-SARS up until the H-As turn back to green and the trend continues.

This stops you getting stopped out by meaningless market noise during consolidation.

The downside is that, if the market does reverse against you, you could maybe have squeezed a few more pips out by having continued to raise your P-SAR stop.

But I have really found that the majority of times, the trend will continue (with you still in it !) to outweigh this risk.

good luck, hope it helps.

here's an example of the H-A/P-SAR Stop Loss "brake" (Okay its the YM, but principle works the same on any chart)

Imagine a Short position taken. The trend descends nicely to "A".

A Stop-Loss is then established using the P-SAR point at "B"

There is then a H-A bar reversal, "C" so you cease moving the stops and let them rest at the most recent point, "B" The market shuffles around for a couple of days but the highs of "D" & "E" don't come anywhere near to stopping you out, allowing you to stay in the move for the resumption of the downward trend. If you had't used the HA bars as a "brake" and continued to move your P-SAR points, you could have been stopped out at "F"

--- 帖子 #195 ---
here's another example of the H-A/P-SAR Stop Loss "brake" (Again, its not FX but same same)

Imagine a Long position taken on 30 Nov

The H-As put the brakes on the P-SARs Stops on 18 Dec so the consolidation didn't stop you out and we can continue.

Same thing is happening now. H-As have halted the P-SARs Stop at 482.57 Ok we might get stopped out at that price, or else let's see if we can continue after consolidation.... I find it really interesting

--- 帖子 #196 ---
Hi Flying Fish,

I have no experience in coding for MT4. Can you please change the code and create a version that only alerts once the 3 indicators change ?

Thanks,

Dani M

--- 帖子 #197 ---
Ah  -I didn't do that.

Thanks FF.

Sue

--- 帖子 #198 ---
Ronald, have you tried this?   What minimum size flash do you need?

--- 帖子 #199 ---
Metatrader only takes up about 50mb. Just don't do any backtesting, THAT's what's data-intensive.

--- 帖子 #200 ---
I left pip nailer running ea fully automated today monitoring 12 currencies on H1. (Demo account)

GBP/USD

1100 GMT I see a nailed candle

and at 1200 GMT entered and bagged me a nice little 12 pips by 1213 GMT

--- 帖子 #201 ---
In actual fact Rathcoole, you are not far off.

The Pip Nailer will actually work best for Daily charts.  The problem is there are not many signals for D1!

--- 帖子 #202 ---
I know there are many people who love Heiken Ashi, but I find that it doesn't fit my personality.

But thanks for the detailed info my friend, maybe you can keep forward testing it for a few weeks and see how things pan out.

--- 帖子 #203 ---
Yep, plus the fact that backtesting is crap anyway.

--- 帖子 #204 ---
LOL nice one mate, but 12 pips is more than the actual system accounted for.

--- 帖子 #205 ---
I'm not actually sure what the system should have taken.

I am clear on what a signal is.

What I don't quite get is how much it buys and why or when it exits.

Could anyone be so kind as to explain this in simpleton terms?

IS there anyone else who doesn't understand that bit or is it just me being very newb?

--- 帖子 #206 ---
Sorry I am mistaken... 12 pips was the correct profit.  Well done mate.

--- 帖子 #207 ---
Ok, just to clarify.

The amount of pips that you want to Take Profit at, is the same number of pips as the difference between the High and the Close of the "Nailed Candle".  So, your Stop Loss would be at the very top of the Nailed Candle.

Hence, if your SL is 12 pips, your TP would also be 12 pips.

Is this any clearer?

Don't worry about asking as many questions until you feel satisfied.  Maybe some others can help explain as well, because sometimes I'm not the most  detailed in my explanations!

--- 帖子 #208 ---
Hayseed created an indicator that I believe does alerts.  Check the earlier posts please.

--- 帖子 #209 ---
RiskPercent specifies how much of your account balance you wish to risk per trade (default 0.02 = 2%).

Exits are when the trade either hits TP or SL, or if both AO and AC change to the opposite of the entry color (not necessarily at the same time).

--- 帖子 #210 ---
pip_bagger

Thanks for responding to my question. makes good sense.

as a follow up to you and everyone else.  Is anyone actually applying this to the daily or 4 hour time frames?  what are your thoughts on it.

By the way, the EURUSD on the daily would have been a winner today.

I ask these questions because of the possibilites of this sytem could take once a day or 6 times a day to check a chart for making trades.  that is nice when dealing with day job, sleep, and enjoying life too.

--- 帖子 #211 ---
No problem, Trader.

The signals on the longer time frame charts are quite good. I really only look at 1hr and above now.

I haven't seen a system that doesn't have losses (well that isn't entirely true), but this system is good because:

1. It is simple.

2. You can pick any time frame that suits you.

3. There are few signals.

4. It is simple.

5. The winning % is pretty good.

6. It is simple.

You can change it so that it trades more often and all of that (and I think Ash has hinted that he originally did this as well), but in the end if you are looking to trade to make money (and not trade for entertainment), then adopting a winning system that signals very few trades should be ok.

--- 帖子 #212 ---
I let it run automated last night justout of curiosity on a demo acc

M15 M30 H1 and D1, heres the result

737232382008.01.22 06:45sell1.73audusd0.85590.85740.85492008.01.22 06:470.85740.000.000.00-259.50

737093592008.01.22 05:46sell1.33usdchf1.10861.11041.10722008.01.22 06:551.11040.000.000.00-215.60

737003492008.01.22 05:00sell0.93gbpchf2.15302.15592.15102008.01.22 06:042.15100.000.000.00167.74

736941352008.01.22 04:30sell0.42gbpusd1.93841.94291.93432008.01.22 06:001.94030.000.000.00-79.80

736686922008.01.22 02:00buy0.10usdjpy106.17105.84106.472008.01.22 02:30106.470.000.000.0028.18

736686822008.01.22 02:00buy1.91eurgbp0.74370.74290.74422008.01.22 02:280.74290.000.000.00-296.87

736684912008.01.22 02:00buy0.69eurusd1.44461.44171.44732008.01.22 04:441.44170.000.000.00-200.10

736684042008.01.22 02:00sell1.58usdchf1.10951.11121.10822008.01.22 06:211.10820.000.000.00185.35

736683032008.01.22 02:00buy0.21gbpjpy206.25205.20207.212008.01.22 04:27205.200.000.000.00-208.18

736637262008.01.22 01:45buy0.76gbpusd1.94331.94051.94572008.01.22 02:141.94050.000.000.00-212.80

736586942008.01.22 01:30buy1.84eurchf1.60211.60061.60322008.01.22 01:461.60320.000.000.00182.46

736224432008.01.21 23:00buy0.49euraud1.68161.67641.68602008.01.22 01:191.67640.000.000.00-218.95

--- 帖子 #213 ---
Dailys are the best for trading this system.

--- 帖子 #214 ---
No surprise there my friend.  News spikes, low volatilities are a major reason for this.

The ONLY timeframe I would advise trading with the EA 24/7, would be the Daily. (And above if you so wish).

Else the EA needs manual intervention for anything below.

--- 帖子 #215 ---
Excellent post my friend.

This is what I have been saying all along.

--- 帖子 #216 ---
Now you can't say that much and not spill the beans..............

--- 帖子 #217 ---
Yes you are right, just thought id pop it on for risk free forward testing.

The backtesting feature of mt4 only seems to see a trade once a flood, it must use a different system.

Ive left it auto trading on H4 D1 and weekly. Lets see where it does or doesn't go.

--- 帖子 #218 ---
LOL, yeah pip_bagger - give over!

--- 帖子 #219 ---
Hi Forex,

I just came across your thread and I think it is a very good thread. Would you mind telling me what pairs you look at?

Thank You,

Jeff

--- 帖子 #220 ---
I was sort of hoping that comment might squeak by......

Well, honestly, the system I am thinking of doesn't take losses - it will simply blow up your account every 18 to 24 months. That, in essence, would be a loss.

So...... I suppose there is no free lunch.

--- 帖子 #221 ---
Thank you for your kind words.

Honestly my friend, I look across all pairs on the IBFX platform.  But primarily, the majors, the */JPY pairs.

--- 帖子 #222 ---
Knew there had to be a catch, hehe.

--- 帖子 #223 ---
hey traders.

great system, but can anyone tell me in wich pairs and what time frame is better to use it??????

HT

--- 帖子 #224 ---
The BEST timeframe to use this system is on the Daily.  And do not use it below H1, unless you are familiar with Support and Resistance.

It works on ANY currency pair.

Good luck.

--- 帖子 #225 ---
ok, thank u forexmoments, and happy trading.

--- 帖子 #226 ---
just set your SL some gazillion pips away. For most decent systems and conditions, you'll get you tp eventually. Or your account might disappear before that ever happens...

--- 帖子 #227 ---
What's the bottom line?

--- 帖子 #228 ---
Bottom line is, don't use the EA 24/7 on the lower timeframes.  Because of course the EA also trades during news times, plus it doesn't account for Support and Resistance levels!

--- 帖子 #229 ---
We got a signal on the daily gbpchf  charts last night

also on usdchf and gbpjpy according to my experts log, however i got errors 146 and 4109

the 4109 i forgot to let it allow trading and the 146 didnt place as the gbpchf one was in progress

ff can the ea be modified to accomodate and retry until its placed?

--- 帖子 #230 ---
Well done Ben!  Already made some nice pips.

--- 帖子 #231 ---
im looking at my chart for gbpjpy daily, my ea said a signal but i dont see it, its not a signal, it is 2 reds but the psar is below and not above

any ideas?

a glitch in the ea?

--- 帖子 #232 ---
why don't people read through the thread, where the answers already lay, before they post these same questions time and time again ? Leb, not having a go at you individually, but if 'traders" aren't prepared to put a minimum of work in for themselves, they'll never be "traders"

--- 帖子 #233 ---
Unbelievable, it stopped 1 pip short of the ea stop limit then went all bullish!!

I can see why you say dont auto trade it.

--- 帖子 #234 ---
The EA lacks the polish of a commercial system, I'll certainly give you that.  There really isn't any easy way to deal with failed tickets.  I could cobble up some spaghetti code as a bandaid but I think this is a case where it's more trouble than its worth.  Sorry.  Perhaps another coder with a bigger bag of tricks could lend a hand?

--- 帖子 #235 ---
I wish I could understand the ea script!!!!

Got 2 signals overnight

D1 GBPUSD

H4 USDCHF 0800

--- 帖子 #236 ---
And both winners, although I did close 1 early just b4 market close.

71 pips altogether, take a bow ash

--- 帖子 #237 ---
Sorry for the lack of updates guys, was busy over the past couple of days.

Hey Ben, sometimes these things happen.  Pain in the **** when it does, but have faith in the system my friend, and we'll make pips.

--- 帖子 #238 ---
For those individuals entering the Pip Nailer thread somewhat belatedly, then I suggest that the first thing you do before you ask any questions is to read the entire thread.

Then if you still have questions, by all means, go ahead and ask.

--- 帖子 #239 ---
I've noticed some inconsistencies as well. Many thanks to Flying Fish however for creating the EA.  But I have always advised people not to trade with EA's anyway.  I dunno, I guess it's the fear factor of leaving my money in the hands of a robot. I feel much more at ease when I'm in control of everything.  I don't need nor want a robot to be playing with my hard earned money whilst I sleep... safer not to trade in my opinion.

Obviously there are some hardcore programmers and fans of autotrading on these forums, and they'll completely disagree with me.  But I respect their viewpoint.

--- 帖子 #240 ---
Ash, great thread and system you have started here. FF great job at coding. Everything is spelled out in plain english in the pdf at the beginning. Very easy to follow and simple.  KISS- the only way to trade

KC

--- 帖子 #241 ---
Thanks for the words of encouragement my friend.

--- 帖子 #242 ---
Ok everyone, start of a brand new week - lets Nail those Pips!!!!

--- 帖子 #243 ---
hi forexmoments,whats the usual timeframe u use for trading and which pairs? thanks

--- 帖子 #244 ---
Hi King, I prefer to to use H1 and above.

I do not restrict myself to specific pairs.

--- 帖子 #245 ---
thanks for your reply,whats your target profit normally? fixed pips or s/r level?

--- 帖子 #246 ---
hi forexmoments.

ur system is great man, and if u like i have something that will be useful, wich will give more clear signal, it is the stoch (5,3,3) it is great try it and tell me ur opinion about it.

look at this chart as an example there a lot of entry i have just choose one:

--- 帖子 #247 ---
I was wondering if anyone else is waiting for AUD/USD sell on daily...stochastics shows overbought on daily and 4H...so wat do u guys have to say..am just waiting for AC and AO to turn red on daily..

--- 帖子 #248 ---
To be honest, even though the rules state fixed pips, at times, it would be folly to ignore S/R levels.

--- 帖子 #249 ---
No, I am not convinced AUD/USD will head south just yet.

--- 帖子 #250 ---
the 4hr AC turn red below 0 and AO is Red..stochastic turning down from 80...is there anything else which I am missing dat says its not going down....please elborate...

thanks...ash for d gr8 system..

--- 帖子 #251 ---
Yes, Stochs can be useful, but in the picture you have shown, it seems as though are are prepared to ignore Bill Williams' Awesome Oscillator.

The system is built ground up from AO.

--- 帖子 #252 ---
You're missing the PSAR my friend.

If you're not sure, please read the system's manual in the first post. Thanks.

--- 帖子 #253 ---
Hi everyone,

Came across your thread today. Looked nice and simple, read through all the posts and decided to try it.

Luckly there was a perfect setup on the CADJPY H1.

Took the trade as per rules and closed half my lots with a profit of 46 pips. I'm still in the trade with the other half of the lots and at this very moment I'm up 67 pips. Ca-ching...

All I can say at this moment is: THANK YOU FOR SHARING! You're a very kind person. Thanks

--- 帖子 #254 ---
hey guys pipped candle on 4hr...aud/usd...anybody going in..

--- 帖子 #255 ---
Don't do it. It has a high probability of failing. It will rise or fall based strickly on what the global equity markets do tonight and specifically the US futures which will show themselves later tonight or early tomorrow am in the futures.

--- 帖子 #256 ---
Starship is right - I am not entering on this one.

Look at the candle - how long is that?  You should take that as a hint.

Some knowledge of candlesticks is important my friends.

--- 帖子 #257 ---
You are welcome Piper.  Hehe, Cha-ching indeed!

--- 帖子 #258 ---
Hi Forexmoments, I like the indicators you are using, how many pips do you average a month.

Thanks

Wonder

--- 帖子 #259 ---
There's a trade setting up on USDCHF, H1 right now!

At the close of this candle, if everything remains the same, I'll be going long.

--- 帖子 #260 ---
What pairs have you guys been successful with.  I'm looking for ones that move good and that most brokers don't have huge spreads.

Here are the one's I've been watching on the 1H timeframe..

GBP/USD, GBP/JPY, GBP/CHF, EUR/JPY, CAD/JPY, AUD/JPY

--- 帖子 #261 ---
This was not a Nailed Candle my friend.

Remember, the AO, the AC and the PSAR must change SIMILTANEOUSLY.

--- 帖子 #262 ---
It's hard to put an "average" because if I give you an average, you will think you can get the same results, week in week out.

Remember in Forex, bad runs happen, and I have had a couple of bad months trading this system.  So if I were to give you an average, you'd probably think that's how many pips you should aim for each month.  It doesn't work that way.  If lets say this month, February, is a bad month, you might give up using this system.

It doesn't matter which system you trade.  As long as your comfortable with it, as AS LONG AS YOU ARE PREPARED FOR A RUN OF BAD TRADES, EVEN SOME LOSING MONTHS, then that is the foundation.

Newbie traders have this idea that they take a system, and it's gonna generate them 1000 pips a month.

--- 帖子 #263 ---
Hi Ash

Thanks for sharing this nice little simple system. But I'm confused as I also thought this usd/chf long was a nailed pip. First green diamond appeared and so did green bars on AO & AC after previous red ones?

What am I missing? I'm using IBFX.

Also, when you say some knowledge of candlesticks is necessary - what candle sticks do you avoid? Dogi's, spinning tops etc - where the close is only a few pips away from the high or low? And are you also saying that the long full bodied candles give the best results?

Thanks so much for your insight.

Sue

--- 帖子 #264 ---
Hi Ash

I'm sat with a friend looking at her demo & on the demo that usd/chf is not a nailed pip. But on her live ( and mine ) acct - it is!

Anyone else noticing that disparity? And if you have - any answers?

Ash - are you using your demo acct to find nailed pip?

Sue

--- 帖子 #265 ---
Yes, I am using a demo account for my charting.  IBFX, which is GMT.

I don't understand why you are seeing different things on the same broker's feed.  It doesn't make sense.

Could you possibly provide some charts?

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #266 ---
I would if I knew how to Ash. Never posted a chart before. But am at home now and on my demo it is not a nailed pip - but it is in my live acct. In my demo the AC has a green bar under the 01.31.14.00 candle but in the live acct that bar is red. The AO has a red bar at the 14.00 candle in both live & demo acct.

Also - Market Watch in my demo has different prices than in my live acct. I know the prices are different as I watching one of my EA's yesterday in my demo and prices were miles apart from the ones in my live acct. I'm going to call IBFX Monday for clarification. I took that u/c nailed pip long in my live acct for a 50 pip loss! But at 10c a pip it was no great shakes.

If there's anyone reading this with a live acct that can post a chart showing it to be a nailed pip ( as per Ash's instructions ) I'd be grateful.

Sue

--- 帖子 #267 ---
Done it! Hope you can make it out. Sue

--- 帖子 #268 ---
Sue, thanks for posting your pic.

I have gone back and checked this.

All I can say is I'm baffled myself.

I am going to approach IBFX themselves and find out what is the difference between the demo feed and the live feed.  This is unacceptable.

Regards,

Ash

--- 帖子 #269 ---
I think that on my charts it is. Check the pic out and let me know, please.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #270 ---
Mine doesn't show a nailed candle. I also use InterbankFX Demo account.

--- 帖子 #271 ---
Damn, this is getting more confusing by the minute!

First we have different results when comparing demo to live, and now we have different results comparing demo to demo!

Seriously don't know what to make of that.

--- 帖子 #272 ---
Ugh.. I have ODL demo and Interbank demo.  Both giving different info, ODL gave a signal but Interbank didn't.

http://img.photobucket.com/albums/v6.../interbank.jpghttp://img.photobucket.com/albums/v6...er5150/odl.jpg

--- 帖子 #273 ---
Actually, ODL didn't give a signal there, because the PSAR was there beforehand.

--- 帖子 #274 ---
Ok, just wanna check something with someone who has a live account over at IBFX.

Did you get this Nailed Candle on Cable Hourly?  It was a beautiful trade, just hope those that use the live charts are seeing the same thing!

--- 帖子 #275 ---
Pleeeeeese could someone, Ash, seamonkey, or a moderator, remove seamonkey's charts, they're way too wide and the've blown the page width on FF.

I've just read the thread and I'm giving PipNailer a try.

Like you, Ash I don't use EAs. I do my trading through spread betting so...
is anyone able to add an alert to 'painted pip nailer.' the same as 'Parabolic SAR Color - Alert.' please?

A (helpful) recommendation: use 'Plot News' indicator to mark the FX meetings and events. See the chart.
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=16364

Keep posting charts, wins and losses, they all help.

R

--- 帖子 #276 ---
I've got it Ash. Missed the damn trade but it was definitely a nailed pip!

Sue

--- 帖子 #277 ---
Thanks for the confirmation!

--- 帖子 #278 ---
http://img104.imageshack.us/img104/9853/gbpusdcv2.gif

DId anybody nail the one this morning on the gbp/usd 1hour chat

I was watching the chart and saw it...I am kinda new to the to the EA I downloaded the PIp Nailer by flying fish

But how do i get it to run on IBFX?

thanks forexmoments for your system

--- 帖子 #279 ---
I've removed them...sorry, didnt realize they were going to show so big

--- 帖子 #280 ---
LOL, well done my friend.  That was a classic.  Two very similar signals on Cable H1 over the past few days.  This is how it is meant to be.

--- 帖子 #281 ---
Another nailed pip earlier today....

can somebody tell me how to Interbank Fx to execute the trade for me...

using the EA...Ihave the EA installed but it doesnt excute it...

I caught this trade a little after it was nailed....

http://img220.imageshack.us/img220/6249/gbpjpyrg4.gif

--- 帖子 #282 ---
Hi Ash,

Can you just clarify something for me please? Do the AO and AC bars preceeding the nailed pip have to be of an opposing colour? I can't see it anywhere in your methodology but my friend says that they should be the opposite colour. Thanks.

--- 帖子 #283 ---
Be careful with entering late lol. Otherwise GOOD CATCH.

The EA is a little buggy, my advice is to trade the system manually.

--- 帖子 #284 ---
Hello Ladybird.

Yes, your friend is right. The AO and AC bars have to be the opposing colour. It's in the PDF where I said, the AO and AC must change colour on the SAME closed candle, similtaneously.

Hope this helps.

Happy trading!

--- 帖子 #285 ---
Hello All

I have been using "Pip Nailer 1.2 - Flying Fish" EA on EURJYP and EURUSD.

The EA hasn't excuted any trades for the last week and this week as well .

Now I am not certainly sure that the EA above works!

I know how to use EAs,

Could someone tell me if there is a working version of the EA .

Thanks

--- 帖子 #286 ---
Chart below of PipNailer trimmed down to the essentials. I have a profile set up for each timeframe.

I'm not convinced yet of Pip Nailer's hit rate but it's very easy to monitor like this so we'll soon see.

I just need Hayseed #58 and Thunderwolf #40 to join their code writing skills together into an audible and visual alert for Painted Pip Nailer PLEASE?

Thanks

rorieu

PS posts 272 & 273 are still causing problems. REMOVE PLEASE. My PC only has a small (normal) screen!!!!

--- 帖子 #287 ---
Hello Ash, thanks 4 sharing ur system,i like the system and i want to make it my permanent system and i've done a little bit of test on my own, but i want to know if there is anything i should no more about the system: like exception or when the candle is doji e.t.c

--- 帖子 #288 ---
Hi, yes, price action is important.  So is support and resistance. But it's hard for me to set fixed rules saying things like "don't enter on a doji / spinning top", because sometimes the high / low of doji's make the trade an attractive proposition.

Of course, if the doji has virtually no height or depth, then obviously you should discard that, because the noise will undoubtedly stop you out!

--- 帖子 #289 ---
hey rorieu..... paul had just pm'd me for the same thing, i'll code it and post later tonite..... audio and visual.....h

--- 帖子 #290 ---
hey paul..... here ya go.... it's the same indicator as in post 58 with the exception of your selection of various style alerts....

i'm reasonably sure most will understand but just in case, here is a brief explanation......

the input "standardalert" is by default true..... it's the standard mq4 ding with the standard message box....

the input "email" is by default false.... set it to true for email alerts.... you'll have to put in your email information in the platform.... and of course email has its hazards, so use with caution..... here is a sample message,

painted pip nailer sell signal at Ask=1.4521, Bid=1.4519, Date=2008.02.12
2:26 Symbol=EURUSDm Period=1

the input "selectablewav" is by default false.... to use it, set it to true and set "standardalert" to false.....

you can see two more inputs, "buy" and "sell".... those are for choosing your prefered wav.... you can set one sound for buy and another for sell.... just type in the name, and the wav file must be in your sounds folder.....

ok, here is the real deal on the "selectablewav"..... the standard dingding sound used by the platform might be ok when your wide awake and at the computer, but it's less effective when your knee deep under the covers fast asleep....

in that case, instead of the pansy dingding, eric clapton screaming out layla , led zepplin banging out stairway to heaven or leonard skynard's free bird will get more attention..... if not your attention , then surely you wifes, kids or the neighbors..... you get the point..... you will get outa bed.....

and it dosen't have to be 2 seconds long, the platform can play the entire song.... it just has to be in wav format and in your platforms sounds folder....

unless i made a mistake it should alert just once per signal.....h

--- 帖子 #291 ---
Thank you! In fact you read my mind.. the 2 secods alert is too short thanks again .

I hope to post some forward and backtesting with different type of entries.

shalom!

--- 帖子 #292 ---
Thanks Hayseed with the update.  Much appreciated!

--- 帖子 #293 ---
been reading this thread with interest over past hour or so.  just spotted this interesting setup on the swissy 30 min.  it appears 2 nailed bars occurred almost next to each other!  this is using ibfx demo feed

--- 帖子 #294 ---
Thanks a lot, hayseed. I wish I could write MT code escpecially that quickly.

R

--- 帖子 #295 ---
EURGBP 1H has been "nailed"

...i think

--- 帖子 #296 ---
I'm new to the thread but I think so too.  Got the alert from hayseed's indicator. Good stuff.  But we wait until the open of the next candle to get in right?

--- 帖子 #297 ---
I thought it was right away, of course this one doesn't seem to be working out so well.

--- 帖子 #298 ---
From the PDF:

"We only enter at the close of the nailed candle, i.e. at the start of the next candle"

That said, I went ahead and got in. We shall see.  This is my first trade using this system.

--- 帖子 #299 ---
Patience my friends, patience!

--- 帖子 #300 ---
Did anyone else spot the Daily EURAUD last night?

--- 帖子 #301 ---
Thanks allot man.......

--- 帖子 #302 ---
nice one on the  usdcad h4 at 1600

65 pips sweeeeeeet

--- 帖子 #303 ---
Good catch mate - did you also see the bounce off the USD/CAD Daily trendline?  I actually entered a little earlier, made around 80 pips, just beautiful.  Once you get the hang on the Pip Nailer, along with Support and Resistance, you will see it is a VERY powerful set up.

--- 帖子 #304 ---
I'm posting the set up you're referring to for the benefit of others.

--- 帖子 #305 ---
I took this one for 90 pips!  Was watching it and just exited when the candle hit the Daily R3.

Nice system forexmoments.

--- 帖子 #306 ---
Hi Ash,

Great thread which I am working my way through. I live in the UK and have generally traded using spread betting companies, but would like to use MT4. Having googled "Metatrader", I see that MT is available via ODL Securities and others. I would prefer that any charts that I use 'match up' (especially whilst I am learning) with yours - so does it matter which 'broker (?)' I choose.

Thanks in advance

freddi

--- 帖子 #307 ---
Lol good luck with that, we dont even get the same signals from the same provider :-)

--- 帖子 #308 ---
LOL, looks like you're beating me at my own system mate!  Well done!

--- 帖子 #309 ---
You know what, it's hard to say.  I've always used IBFX for my charting, but as long as you have an MT4 broker that uses GMT, then you should be ok.  You'll get minor differences here and there, something which I can't explain, but hey, that's life, and this is forex.

--- 帖子 #310 ---
And again

audusd at 1600 21st feb

14 pips

not a biggy, but a goody

this fully automated aint doin too bad for me

--- 帖子 #311 ---
Hope you guys Nailed the Usd/Jpy.

Nice 40 pips there.

--- 帖子 #312 ---
Hi friends, I want to know that what is the best currency pair that give us

the best performance and how about the best time frame for that?

thanks.

--- 帖子 #313 ---
What automation are you using Ben?

Sue

--- 帖子 #314 ---
Ash .....or anyone who knows......???

what do the settings "Step"  & "Maximum" relate to in the standard MT4 Parabolic Sar?

T-Wolf - what does the "Precision" setting do/relate to in your P-S-C Alert?

Sue

--- 帖子 #315 ---
Just MT4 and the attached files from earlier in this thread.

Monitoring every pair available to MT4 on weekly, daily and H4.

--- 帖子 #316 ---
Read the thread from the beginning, it is all answered there

--- 帖子 #317 ---
Are you using an EA Ben?

Sue

--- 帖子 #318 ---
The one in post 165, yes

--- 帖子 #319 ---
Ash..........your system is good verey good I like it spending my last haour reading all post Im big fan for daily chart and it work for 4 haour too thank alot for sharing this system this is my first post next one will be with chart .........thank

--- 帖子 #320 ---
Thanks Ben!

Sue

--- 帖子 #321 ---
I spoke too soon!! the H4 picked up a nailed on the eurjpy at 1200 today, 95 pip loss aaaahhhhhh

--- 帖子 #322 ---
I have been asked by a few people what settings I use etc.

Rather than replying individually ill just post here.

I use flying fish's as it was coded and with nothing changed.

With it monitoring H4 D1 W1 24hours a day.

This month it has picked out 7 trades working out at a 56 pip loss with that 95 loss today.

I was happy with the slight gain as ash had said dont trade during news etc, I just left this totally unattended.

I think the real money to be made with this is on the H1 and fully attended.

--- 帖子 #323 ---
Honestly, I get so many guys emailing me the same question.  People really need to learn how to read!

--- 帖子 #324 ---
You're welcome my friend.

Please post away!

--- 帖子 #325 ---
Another couple of winners on Eur/Usd H1 over the past two days.

--- 帖子 #326 ---
What a bad start to the month!!

My fully automated pulled out 2 H4 flops

eurgbp at 0800 11 pip loss, I think with the margins being tight it hit the sl due to noise.

usdchf at 1200 33 pip loss, again i think noise sl this as the general trend was a slight gain.

Total: 44 down

--- 帖子 #327 ---
Nice 30pips here yesterday on Eur/Usd...

--- 帖子 #328 ---
Hi Ash;

Thanks for your generosity and patience in sharing this system with us. Been lurking for a few weeks, read the PDF, all entries twice. Couple of questions please. S/R? everybody seems to use different, Pivots, fib., etc. Could you tell what you use? I'm using on demo manual, not using EA. Thanks again for great help and great attitude

Jim

--- 帖子 #329 ---
You're welcome Jim, and thanks for your kind words.

To be honest Jim, I tried to keep this system as simple as possible, for beginners. Yes, I trade this system, but not exactly as I outlined in my PDF (for the reasons you mentioned).

S/R and Fibs are an important part of my trading, they work - and I have said before, every trader should learn this aspect, it's adds a dimension to your trading which actually allows you to predict reversals/exits, sometimes to the very pip. Of course it isn't always like that, and when you get a string of losses, (which will and does happen), you'll start to question your method. But stick to it, because over the long term, you'll see it's beauty.

As for pivots, then I never use them... I honestly don't find them anywhere near as effective as Fibs.

Hope this helps.

Ash.

--- 帖子 #330 ---
Thanks for the quick reply Ash. I liked pivots because they were easy to chart, you could download from many places. Seems everyone has different way to draw fibs.  Would you mind posting your indicator and some info of how you do it?  I apologize if this sounds like a newbie question, but seen 100 different ways of drawing fibs.  Also, anything other than PDF and fibs that make up your system. Thanks again in advance

Jim

--- 帖子 #331 ---
Hi Ash

Today started with your system live H1 usdcad eurgbp eurjpy. all successful. Nice system. Many thanks.

Brgs

lang

--- 帖子 #332 ---
Are my charts off? Using fxdd Looking at all 3 pairs quoted here i dont have any ao/ac matching switches along with psar.

--- 帖子 #333 ---
hey tim.... my charts show the usdcad and eurjpy.....but not the 3rd one.....slight differences in broker quotes are likely the reason.... you might have signals we don't and we might have some you don't.....

that's not to say one broker is prefered, cause in the long run there probably isn't a nickels worth of difference....... h

--- 帖子 #334 ---
I feel this is a constant problem like the ac rarely switches one the same bar 9/10 times its the one previous. look at chart

--- 帖子 #335 ---
hey tim.... yes, the pipnailer signals are definitely among the rare elements in the 'periodic' chart.....

after backtesting various combinations of the 3 , along with assorted other indicators , my conclusion was the best application might be just to include more pairs in the mix...... it's a given the combination will be as rare as polonium.....

we can't really backtest a multipair ea, or at least not easily...... but the same ea could monitor any number of pairs which should increase the overall appearance of signals.....

and of course using multiple timeframes on multiple pairs will increase said signals even further.........h

--- 帖子 #336 ---
Hi Jim, I really don't want to enter drawing Fibs and trendlines on this thread, because like you said, it can be discretionary, people use different highs/lows, and draw from high to low or vice versa, etc...

I advise you to study Fibs from the excellent threads on the forum, and adapt it to how you feel fit. But to answer your question - no, I use nothing else, although I am working on trying to to improve this system (a side project).

--- 帖子 #337 ---
You're welcome.

--- 帖子 #338 ---
True Tim,

I admit this is an issue, that many time 2 indicators line up, and other doesn't.  You'll see on many occassions that you would have made pips. But on other occassions you would have lost.

Given the rarity of the signals, it's probably better to open up more charts to look for more setups.

--- 帖子 #339 ---
Hi, I am also using VT Trader platform. Do you have a template that work with VT.

Thanks

Hammoud

--- 帖子 #340 ---
ah yes, i should just open more charts. but, the problem i was actually referring to is the difference between our charts and maybe me having much less signals overall due to broker data. Like, his chart has a setup, and mine would have, if the ac had switched on time.

--- 帖子 #341 ---
But! I did see this on the eur/usd 4h  anyone else see this one?

--- 帖子 #342 ---
after a decent one i get this:

--- 帖子 #343 ---
Hey forex moment great sistem here, really really interesting, got a question for you, have you ever tought to use your sistem not to enter in a trade, but to exit with it? let's say we are in a nice trend, your sistem would give us a nice exit

--- 帖子 #344 ---
Hi FM, as newby I'm too lazy to open more charts (16*7=112)...

Please check in the next week the DashBoard and the signals, and tell me please if I can use it.

--- 帖子 #345 ---
Hello there,,

Please refer to white circles....

http://i30.tinypic.com/11scf14.jpg

Are they short/sell signal???

--- 帖子 #346 ---
Surely

--- 帖子 #347 ---
I checked the last version, but is still to strain for me to use it...

Here the second version with a few improvements:

- Names sorted.

- Spreads added, Alerts added.

- Entry price = Close from last bar (+Spread for Long Entrys).

- Input "ShiftSignals" period to test older signals. Default is 1 for signals from the last bar, and for 0 is the current signal situation (bar 0).

- Refresh signals every minute, or an other period.

.

--- 帖子 #348 ---
With the third version is easier for me to trade...

The improvement is the "TimeFrameList" only with the time frames that I will to trade.

e.g. for the TF list "60,240,1440" and "ShiftSignals=2", I get signals only for the time frames H1, H4 and D1, with a sell signal in silver for H4.

--- 帖子 #349 ---
Wow SwingMan!

As I don`t start new trades on mondays, I `ll give it a try on tuesday. Looks nice.

Regards

Forex37

--- 帖子 #350 ---
OK, I'm waiting on (good) results. The tool was programed to save your precious time!

--- 帖子 #351 ---
This is really cool ! I've downloaded it to IBFX demo. Trading can't get any simpler than this. Thanks swingman . BR

--- 帖子 #352 ---
The versions 1-3 was developed without live prices, and now I've see that the alerts are sended every minute.

In the version 1.4 I tryed to avoid this, but becouse I dont see signals, I dont know if the solution is correct, please check it.

.

--- 帖子 #353 ---
I've been waiting for something like this for the Pip Nailer strategy, thanks...

--- 帖子 #354 ---
A short list with the first DashBoard signals:

.

--- 帖子 #355 ---
hi SwingMan ........keep your good work it greet

--- 帖子 #356 ---
Hi Swingman, I've loaded the dahsboard into the experts/indicators/folder, loaded it onto my charts but it just displays the top headings, do you have any advice to help me display the data as shown in your posts?

Thank you for your hard work in programming these cool indicators,

Cal

--- 帖子 #357 ---
Ai, ai, ai. I offer indicators, and no explanations about... Me time and me english are verry limited...!

Generali you must open MT4 files, and read eventuelly explanations, if it gives. If you or other user dont make this, I can post only ex4 files.

You must give in the inputs the "Pair Suffix=m" for your trading platform, thats all.

If you will, you can give the m-Suffix in the code, compile the indicator, and you have a stable version for your platform.
Remark: is better to take the version 1.4

--- 帖子 #358 ---
thx for the great work..

I am kinda of keen of learning of programming for MP4...(use to do C pro n stuff)...

How do I start??

sonic

--- 帖子 #359 ---
Thnak you so much will add the m suffix, your a star Swingman,

Cal

--- 帖子 #360 ---
swingman the concept of the indicator is that it calculates the ao/ac/psar and gives you a visual signal. It gives a buy/sell alert when all 3 change at same time correct?

--- 帖子 #361 ---
I have 4 signals i'll post later in the day once they have played out. The dashboard is really amazing.

--- 帖子 #362 ---
unfortunetly 5min signals aren't always the best  BUT, the dashboard works great for picking them up.

--- 帖子 #363 ---
hi swingMan

I work on 15m and 1 hour 4 hour and day so can you post one ex4 files with my sitting plz and if I want to remove some Pair what I should do ?

--- 帖子 #364 ---
Maybe you are right - I can't trade the signals intraday.

If you or other user are interested for an alternative Signal DashBoard with similar signals, I can post it. I think we receive more signals, but I dont if they are better!

When you draw the vertical line for signals, please take the bar with the three fullfiled conditions, and not the bar after.

--- 帖子 #365 ---
You have in the code the following rows:

- You can remove the pairs that you don't need.

Are sure that you don't have blancs between the symbols, and the PairsList1 and 2 endet with ",".

- If the Broker has symbols with the suffix "m", write the "m".

- In the TimeFrameList delete the TFs that you don't need.

I think you will have only "15,60,240,1440".

Maybe is functioning, I don't know.

Compile the indicator, and you have your own version!

--- 帖子 #366 ---
thank you alot I like to work in big fram +1hour I well test it and come with some result

--- 帖子 #367 ---
got ya, was showing what would have been the opening of the trade, which is at the opening of the 2nd candle. i had a few 15s and a 30 that went ok. your dashboard is amazing, much thanks on this. and i wasn't saying your dashboard gave a wrong signal on the 5m, just that the system didnt give a good trade lol. i'll post the others

--- 帖子 #368 ---
EurAud15M. Keep in mind orders open on the close of the candle.

--- 帖子 #369 ---
late day usdcad15m

--- 帖子 #370 ---
New DashBoard Version 1.5

- The text in the alerts was changed

- If you don't need the intermediate signals (SAR, AC and AO), you can draw only the trading signals, and the frame width is smaler.

.

--- 帖子 #371 ---
swingman, how fast does the signal come after the bar close if all 3 paramaters are met? sometimes i feel the signal pops a few ticks after the open of the candle. it COULD just be me getting to the chart slow lol. just wondering.

--- 帖子 #372 ---
An alternative system: PipNailer2P DashBoard

To become additional and similar signals, you can use the following system idea:

- 2 Parabolics

- AC, AO

- Buy signal if Close > P1 and Close > P2

- AC and AO are green.

Please test! In combination with the Stochastic (2PS), the signals are verry good.

But, I don't develope and test systems, I only programming...

.

--- 帖子 #373 ---
Your qestion is good(!), but you can find alone the answer:

- The DashBoard is loaded in a pair chart, e.g. AUDCAD.

- The signals for the entire DashBoard are actualised ONLY if you receive a tick change in THIS chart. (It coud be that in other 20 pairs ticks are comming, but not in our AUDCAD !)

The simple solution for me was to refresh the calculations every minute, and to check if they are new ticks.

They are also other (better) solutions, but I think that for our pourposes is OK so.

--- 帖子 #374 ---
Hey guys, excellent work on the Pip Nailer.  Swingman, a BIG thanks to you, really appreciate it.

I haven't looked at it yet, but definitely will this week.

--- 帖子 #375 ---
+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

Thanks for sharing!

How can I open these files .mg4 and .tpl please?

Ch.

--- 帖子 #376 ---
Hi Swingman and thanks for all your work. I will now run both systems in tandem.

Just to be sure:

The original  Pip Nailer  required  PSAR, AO and AC (all three of them) to switch to the same direction on the same bar for an entry on the next bar.

Is that the same here?

Thanks

Forex37

--- 帖子 #377 ---
NO (or yes?..), I posted the rules for "PipNailer2P" (2 Parabolics) in #373, with a sample chart.

--- 帖子 #378 ---
Sorry, but you must learn to use MT4, this is the first thing to do!

- copy .tpl in the folder "..Main\templates"

- copy .mq4 in the folder "...Main\experts\indicators"

Start a chart and load via menu point "Charts\Template", or the template icon, your desired template.

--- 帖子 #379 ---
I made ~ 10 entries @ about 0GMT last night, using only signals from 15', 30' and 1H, all entries gave + outcomes overnight (I don't use stop losses but with proper money management). I entered the trades immediately as soon as the signals appreared.

However, this AM, I had a buy signal for EURUSD and entered the trade, and it has been in the red...All and all, this proves the system works ~ 90%

I am wondering whether you could programme for exit signals by reversing the entry process? i.e. when 3 conditions for AC, AO and SAR in opposit directions for entry are met? or just one critical condition, such as the first or second SAR dot appears on the opposit side?

Thank you so much for your dashboard. I hope to have time to test more...

Regards

BR

--- 帖子 #380 ---
Possibly, sometimes we'll get excellent exits, other times the exits will not be that good, and will not yield that many pips.

To be honest I haven't tested different methods of exits for some times, it's something on my "to do" list.

But I'd appreciate it if other members can start testing other exit methods.  My 1:1 ratio is cool for the meantime, but if we can increase the reward:risk ratio, this will be the best system on ForexFactory.

--- 帖子 #381 ---
#################################################

Thx

--- 帖子 #382 ---
Quick usdjpy 15m, worth a couple pips plus seeing where it rides.

--- 帖子 #383 ---
gpyjpy 5min. i dont like the 5min that much, kinda risky but i just take profit/loss quicker than on the 15.

--- 帖子 #384 ---
more examples the better? lol guess i can slow down. but swingmans dashboard makes it so easy!

--- 帖子 #385 ---
Not the most beautiful play but would have gotten 1:1+ if you stayed in. Eur/jpy 5m. Please let me know if anyone feels i'm flooding this board. but i feel the more examples the more people will be interested the more the thread will continue  and with the dashboard, there is no reason why anyone should be missing out.

--- 帖子 #386 ---
More 1:1 on usd/cad 15m.  could go down more who knows.

--- 帖子 #387 ---
Thanks for your charts! Can you please post also trading results, and if you use the original SL/TPs, or other rules.

If I see that the results have the chance to remain positive, is possible to programe in the next weeks an TradingSimulator and an EA, if you think to need an automatisation.

--- 帖子 #388 ---
I am currently using 1:1 risk. I just rechecked the rules and apparently i was doing it wrong. what i was doing was taking the opening of the nailed candle and the high/low of the previous candle. That would be the stoploss and the TP.  All charts have done the same so.

I will now switch my stoploss to the top of the nailed candle and will now post results as well.

--- 帖子 #389 ---
Iff someone can make an EA for this I would love to test it cause it shows alot of potentiol.

--- 帖子 #390 ---
Most Recent Aud/USD 5min

Open(blueline) was .9146

Stoploss(redline) .9151 so 5 pips

TP was 5 Pips(in green line, for some reason text did not show on picture)

Movement had to go a total of 9 points(5 for TP 4 for spread)

Exit was .9137

Open was .9146 Exit .9137 Totaling 5 Pips. Not a biggun but, good for 5 minutes.

--- 帖子 #391 ---
lol! a daily nailed bar. here is the pic:not taking this one cause i'm not sure about the system on daily bars nor do i like the huge drawdowns on long trades but i'm gonna post it for fun.

Entry(blue Line) is 1.7154

Stoploss(red Line) is 1.7218 so 64 Pips

TP(green line) is 1.7082 so 64 pips

Movement has to go a total of 72 Pips(64 for TP + 8 for spread)

Entry would be 1.7154 exit should be 1.7082

--- 帖子 #392 ---
From a PM:

For this idea, you have still the solution in the DashBoard : you can set in the Inputs "ShiftSignal = 0"!

I'm not sure if this works properly, but you receive signals when the three conditions (SAR positive, AC, AO green = long) are identicaly for the LAST BAR (Shift=0). If in the next minute one of the conditions changes, the signal disappear.

Please check this parameter setting.

--- 帖子 #393 ---
Dear Swing,

The dashboard is such a great help for me...

I have a question...please refer to the attached pic,

Circle 1, has all arrows red and sell signal....

Circle 2, has all arrows reb but no signal....

May I know what is the difference?? Thx in advance!!!

http://i26.tinypic.com/2uiarmr.jpg

--- 帖子 #394 ---
Great spot Raver!  I hope you took this trade live!

I was using IBFX, and my TP was hit a few hours ago.

--- 帖子 #395 ---
64 pips in a making??

--- 帖子 #396 ---
Why do some signals vanish soon after they appear?

--- 帖子 #397 ---
@sonicdeejay

- The little arrows means that you have and you can SEE positive or negative fullfiled conditions for SAR,AC and AO.

When you have a big signal arrow with te entry values, you DON'T SEE the fullfiled condition, because this is the situation with contrary conditions for the previous bar.

If you will learn to programe, you must learn to become alone from a question the half of the answer...!

@apume

- If you don't describe what happened, how can I give you an answer?

I think that if you see a current signal for a 5 minute bar, in the next 5 minutes you don't will to see old signals, and you will see only new signals and arrows.

OK, if you will check older signals, this gives in the alert window list, or on the page with expert messages.

--- 帖子 #398 ---
My 1:1 ratio is cool for the meantime, but if we can increase the reward:risk ratio, this will be the best system on ForexFactory.[/quote]

##############################################

Better than: Simple methof of scalping.......................  by Imran Sait?

--- 帖子 #399 ---
but i feel the more examples the more people will be interested the more the thread will continue  and with the dashboard, there is no reason why anyone should be missing out.

###############################################

You are right - the more the better.

What do you mean by "dashboard"?  Must have missed it (or missunderstood).

Thanks

Ch.

--- 帖子 #400 ---
##############################################################

THAT's it if you can make it.

--- 帖子 #401 ---
dashboard is swingmans indie that keeps track of all the currency pairs on one simple chart. Its somewhere around there, i'm using 1.4.

Its good to see that daily trade actually took. Like i said, i didn't take it but its awesome it worked. I"ll post more pics as the come, i just woke up 12 pm est

--- 帖子 #402 ---
I don't want to turn this into a bashing of other systems.

But suffice it to say, Imran's system, although excellent, probably requires too much discretion for some people.

--- 帖子 #403 ---
USDCAD Daily.

Red SL

Blue Entry

Green TP+5 pip spread.

--- 帖子 #404 ---
AudCad 4h

--- 帖子 #405 ---
hi there,

i am running this in a demo mode and am quite impressed by the non-discretionary nature of this system.  i should say that i am avoiding 5M TF and that's my only change to the actual system.

so my question is - should the signal (alert) come when the PSAR dot first appears on the other side, AO/AC change color - all happening at the same candle ... OR ... the PSAR dots could have been on the correct side and after a few candles the AO/AC become favorable?

I ask this because I think I am getting alerts of the later nature where the PSAR dots are on the correct side and after a few candles the AO/AC become favorable - is it expected to behave like this?

thanks,

-A.

--- 帖子 #406 ---
no, all 3 must occur on the SAME exact candle.

--- 帖子 #407 ---
can someone please verify that the dashboard is working as expected?  coz i am getting signals when AO/AC both change on the same candle but the PSAR has changed a few candles earlier....

is there some setting i need to change?

--- 帖子 #408 ---
are you using 1.4?

--- 帖子 #409 ---
am using PipNailer2P_Dashboard_1.1

--- 帖子 #410 ---
try using the updated 1.4 version found later in the thread.

--- 帖子 #411 ---
I have version 1.5 of the PipNailer Dashboard.

This is version 1.1 of PipNailer2P Dashboard.

Can you confirm what I should be using, it would help to give me the post number where the mq4 file is uploaded (the one I should use)?

Thanks for your help

--- 帖子 #412 ---
#########################################################

Ash

By all means  -  NO bashing intended nor made. I do admire Imran's work.

Just curious -  thinking of mixing the best parts of the 2 systems in case it

makes sense.

--- 帖子 #413 ---
Hi everyone

I found IBFX's demo is crap more stable are ODL/FXDD/Alpari/MIG .... Wold someone explane how important is it for this system to have a dealer with 0H GMT time like IBFX would results be different with other feed?

--- 帖子 #414 ---
SwingMan, using Dashboard1.5 (original rules) here is a screenshot Should there not be a vertical line at the red triangle showing the entry condition? Same 16 bars before (start of top psar dots) for going short?

Also in the dashoard I can`t see any arrows ( below M5 M15...) but only single stars.

--- 帖子 #415 ---
A little indicator to draw signal arrows, and check historicaly trading decisions.

Because the indicator repaints (sorry...), and in a few minutes the trading is over, please use this indicator only on weekend.

I will try to debug the script in the next week.

.

--- 帖子 #416 ---
Raver is correct. In addition, you should wait till the candle closes before you enter the trade, because it's possible the signal might be valid during candle formation, but then disappear before the candle closes.

Hope you get the jist.

--- 帖子 #417 ---
PipNailer Trade Simulator

I have waited, and waited, to see evaluations of the PipNailer System...

Because this wasn't the case, I post a small tool for evaluations.

Maybe someone makes a summary of results for a few pairs and time frames.

Surely is the indicator not perfect, but with it is possible to apreciate possible trading results of the system.

You can use the parameter 'UseOnlyATRfactors_forSLTP=false' to take the max value between Close/HiLo and ATR*factor, or only ATR*factor. The ATR period is 21.

The results are without spreads, this means that the Buy/Sell orders take the spreads in consideration.

To check if the results are properly, take a current date (march, april) with 2-3 signals, and check the trades.

.

--- 帖子 #418 ---
PipNailer TradeSimulator v1.2

Please replace the version 1.1 with the new version 1.2!

.

--- 帖子 #419 ---
PipNailer DashBoardEquity

And now comes the big surprise!

With help of the TradingSimulator I build a DashBoard for all equitys and time frames, to make quickly general evaluations.

If the calculations in TradingSimulator are correct, here is an overview of the system efficiency.

(Please save in '...\indicators' the new 'PipNailer oTradeSimulator_v1.2' indicator)

Any remarks?

.

--- 帖子 #420 ---
If we take the values for SL and TP as 'ATR * factor', the results changed (please check also other factor combinations...).

(ATR period = 21)

Just a remark:
Begin_Backtest is setted to '2000.12.01', but you can see the real begin of trades ('FirstTradeDate') in the TradeSimulator. This is for the most time frames higher!

.

--- 帖子 #421 ---
Wow SwingMan, Very nice work! Congrats to you

Strange that H4 time frame produced the worst results...

Which is the period of time that PipNailer DashBoardEquity_v1.1 shows the simulated results for?

Cheers,

A1Cruiser

--- 帖子 #422 ---
WHAT??????

I hope I have not understood the question!

In the first title row you SEE the time frames: M5 M15 M30 H1 H4 D1 W1

To calculate manually such results (19 pairs x 7 TF = 133 evaluations in a few seconds) you need actually many, many hours...

--- 帖子 #423 ---
Yes SwingMan,  you are a real Meister,  very good.  Still U are 2 fast 4 me! I still fight with PipNailer Dashboard_v1.5. Attached is a is my implementation problem on the chart: For currency 14 the text (EURUSD) is scrambled. The Digits of the prices are also unreadable and the intermediate signals strange - but only in that row.

Thanks

Forex37

--- 帖子 #424 ---
PipNailer TradeSimulator and DashBoard Equity version 1.3

I think that you have now enough to make evaluations, and here is the last version (for today...).

- I added up the equity points and the averages.

- Please save both indicators in the folder '...\indicators'

With the parameter 'Take2ParabolicSignals = false' is also possible to check my version PipNailer2P (with 2 Parabolics).

But, I must admit that me version is much worse than the original , and you can forget it...
THE ORIGINAL RULES ARE THE BEST!

Remarks:

- The results from me posting #420 are calculated with the ATR factors 1.0 and 1.0.

- The current results are calculated with the ATR factors 3.0 and 2.0

- The programmed rule for SL and TP is: if the difference Close/HiLo < ATR*factor, take as limit ATR*factor.

.

--- 帖子 #425 ---
If we take only ATR*factor as limit,

(input parameter 'UseOnlyATRfactors_forSLTP = true')

we get the following results:

.

--- 帖子 #426 ---
SwingMan, that honest remark shows your great personality. I don`t know of mny people on these boards to admit unfavourable results.

Thanks for your generous sharing.

Regards

Forex37

--- 帖子 #427 ---
Surely are you right, BUT "a posed a problem is half solved", and you must know how MT4 is working...

The arrows and texts are OBJECTS.

If they are funny characters in the DashBoard, you must go with the right mouse in the chart in "Objects list", delete all objects, and restart the indicator. That's all !

--- 帖子 #428 ---
Hi Pip Nailer:

Dumb question I know, I haven't figured out how to add your template, so I just added PSAR that comes under custom indicators. When compared to PSAR Color from page #40 and the dots were quite different, any suggestions? Also my candles aren't always the same as yours. Do I have to use your template, or have you taken the standard values with mt4 and chaged them? Thanks to everyone for patience with newb question.

Jim

--- 帖子 #429 ---
Sorry, my ao and ac indicators are showing same colors, ignore that in last post. Thanks

--- 帖子 #430 ---
SwingMan

Thank you for sharing all your Dashboards especially the Equity Dashboard. What an awesome tool for optimizing a strategy especially finding the best SL and TP!

I need a bit of clarification concerning the ATR factors for SLTP. If I've selected ATR SL of 3.0 and ATR TP of 2.0, does that mean that my TP is twice the 21 period ATR and my SL is 3 times the 21 period ATR for that particular time frame? Is this a set and forget MM where the SL remains static throughout the trade or is it manually trailed at the end of each time frame, keeping it 3xATR from price?

Thanks again for your contributions.

--- 帖子 #431 ---
@ chazbo 3071

If I've selected ATR SL of 3.0 and ATR TP of 2.0, does that mean that my TP is twice the 21 period ATR and my SL is 3 times the 21 period ATR?
Yes.

Is this a set and forget MM where the SL remains static throughout the trade
Yes.

or is it manually trailed at the end of each time frame, keeping it 3xATR from price?
No.

--- 帖子 #432 ---
PipNailer DashBoard Equity version 1.4

I have simplifiyed a bit the layout, and I calculated the total for all of equitys time frames.

.

--- 帖子 #433 ---
The advantage with version 1.4: when we take out the pairs with losses in all time frames, then remain only the winners !

.

--- 帖子 #434 ---
An other example:

if we take the ATR factors 3.0 and 3.0 for all pairs (with the input parameter UseOnlyATRfactors_forSLTP = true), and then eliminate the "loosers", we have the following evaluation:

.

--- 帖子 #435 ---
I think that a good strategy would be to trade only 8 pairs, in 6 time frames.

Evaluation 1 with ATR, evaluation 2 with difference Close/HiLo.

.

--- 帖子 #436 ---
hi there..i think im missing something..

first are theese numbers in the latest pics simulated gains/losses? If that's it i think the results are very good..48 wins and 10 losses..very good!!

secondly what does "ATR" mean? (sorry im still a newbie)

--- 帖子 #437 ---
SwingMan

Using your Equity Dashboard and/or Trade Simulator, would you be able to determine the success of a MM strategy using Psar for stop losses, without setting a TP and letting the trade run until being stopped out by Psar SL?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #438 ---
Am I seeing this right, the AUD/USD signalled a long starting with the next daily candle?  Thanks for your help making sure I have this right

Jim

--- 帖子 #439 ---
Sorry, but this is a thread from @forexmoments about PipNailer. I'm only a modest programmer and I cant give to many explanations (my English is cruel...).

@Postrock

If you are a newbie, the first thing is to read a (e)book about technical analysis...

(If you drive a car and ask a policeman what mean right driving, then you can already experiencing something. In Forex is similar so.)

Instead to ask, you could search in Google, and you found soon:
http://stockcharts.com/school/doku.p...true_range_atr

If you dont have the time to informed you, do not expect that other have time to give you such explanations.

@chazbo 3071

I programmed all the PipNailer things more coincidental for a good friend of me, and almost exclusively for the original rules.

Surely is possible to make other evaluations. But I make such things only if I see a few manually results (from you or other users).

@bigjim1958

Without posting a chart, I cant give you a qualified answer. The arrows appear only to the next open.

Sure, for AUDUS/daily we get tomorrow a long signal for the current candle from today...

--- 帖子 #440 ---
Ha, ha, good joke!

All the best

Forex37

--- 帖子 #441 ---
Great Job!

Can you post a template for PipNailer TradeSimulator and DashBoard Equity version 1.4 ?

Tnx

--- 帖子 #442 ---
You don't need any specialy templates.

Just take any chart, change the background (to better see the figures), remove the grids and load the indicators.

--- 帖子 #443 ---
I copy yours ind in \experts\indicators directory but i don't see they in my mt4 list.....can you help me?

--- 帖子 #444 ---
Dear Swing,

U r doing great so far with the template and programing.."Pipnailer" is such in a great fortune to hav u around! However, I guess most of the SLow guys like can't catch on ur fast improvements in ur version...

I was suggestion that it is better for u to come out with the manual/explanation on the numbers and meanings on ur dashboard...

Thx

Sonic

--- 帖子 #445 ---
No guys...

I'm too busy to give explanations...

Maybe is in board a better expert for MT4 to take time for such questions, sorry. You must do three things: try, try and try. Read, read and read about MT4 in the program help.

@metatsock

Because I postet the last indicators as compiled .ex4 files, you can't fount the files in the .mq4 list, only in the Navigator menu "Custom Indicators", and only if you restart the program once you copied the files from this board.

@sonicdeejay

It gives explanations from me, and they are short, because my english is verry short...

The figures in the DBEquity are possible equity values.

To check a figure of the DBE, you must start the TradeSimulator with the pair what you want to test, in the time frame what you want to check.

The results in the Trade Simulator and DBE must be for same parameters identicaly.

I checked a few pairs, and I found 1 case without the same figures. Nobody is perfect, not even I.

--- 帖子 #446 ---
I know....but I don't see they in my Navigator Menu even if i have copy .ex4 files in indicators directory and restart mt4.

I don't know why????

--- 帖子 #447 ---
Great work on these new tools, Swingman!

One concern I have is that if we start eliminating pairs based on past performance, we run a risk of overfitting the performance curve to just the data we like, without regard for why the historic pattern existed.  It seems very arbitrary, like just throwing out slices of the data because we don't the result.  It is one thing to say 'avoid longer or shorter timeframes, or 'only stick to the majors for liquidity reasons', but we should be cautious about eliminating pairs from consideration without a reasonable story as to why the method would work on some currencies better than others.  My point is simply that there is a risk of overtuning.  It is important to remain aware of that risk.

--- 帖子 #448 ---
Are you trying to give me "life lessons"?

because just so you know you wasted quite some time attepting to do so while all i asked was this answer:

ATR=Average true range

and

yes or no..

Bottom line: if someone asks politely WHATEVER HE WANTS you either answer or dont answer him. You dont go boasting about his wrong attitude.

Btw i made 2 questions, not one. If i also had to receive "life lessons", you could have at least answered both of them.

Other than that great work with your tools..

--- 帖子 #449 ---
Of course you right, but my capital is limited to few (hundred) thousand dollars..., and I have to eliminate some pairs because I can't trade with my capital 20 pairs in 7 time frames with a 2% risk per trade.

If I take only pairs with good historical results for this system, then I sleep quietly.

I am now in the process to program an EA, perhaps it is today finished. The EA works then day and night, and I need a quiet sleep for my health.

--- 帖子 #450 ---
- Why not? I'm a verry, verry old men, and you are a verry, verry young men. You are a newbie, and I have 20 years experience in the stock market.

- I hope you have read that the DB Equity works together with the TradeSimulator, and of course the answer for your first question is yes.

- Sorry for me wrong atitude, but I'am a little bit stressed because I want to finish today an EA for this system, and give my job up next week...

--- 帖子 #451 ---
Here my templates for 8 selected pairs.

The TradeSimulator has a little problem:

to SEE the results, you must have a histogram bar in his windows.

On the ground of this, if you don't see figures, you must scroll the chart to left, until the numbers are visible.

(I can write the results as comment in the main chart, but the text is to small, and my eyes are not so good...)

.

--- 帖子 #452 ---
Updated versions 1.4

Little changes in the indicators.

Please watch that the previous templates only work with these indicators.

.

--- 帖子 #453 ---
SwingMan thanks a lot. I found your code very interesting and learned from it.

Could You please send source verions of PipNailer DashBoardEquity_v1.4.ex4 and PipNailer oTradeSimulator_v1.4.ex4 ?

It will be very interesting for me and I hope not only for me.

Btw I'm not too young too  and have some experience in markets (not 20 but about 12) but still try to learn always if I could .

English isn't my first language, so sorry for mistakes (I'm from Poland so we are neighbour ).

Once again Thank You,

Andrew

--- 帖子 #454 ---
Tnx! Now I can use yours great oscillator......

I stay tuned to watch future improvements...I think this is a very useful task to made pips....

--- 帖子 #455 ---
Before i answer let me say that i really respect what you have done so far and really hope to see more of your work.

About our little controversy (and hopefully without wasting more of your time)..i totally accept and appreciate to learn from more experienced people such as yourself (you and other few are the main reason for i have red the whole thread so far). What i hate is when people assume something about me wich i feel to be wrong just because its a common flaw in most other people.

I'll cut my blabber

Just a small yes/no question:

Having so many years of experience in the markets you judge this "pipnailer" strategy as one that could consistently work in a real market environment? Your work so far would suggest that you surely do.

I also think so, but again i have just a few months of experience..

--- 帖子 #456 ---
###############################################################

Swingman - absolutely first class job.

The timeframe H4 changes from negative (previous) to positive (here) just

due to the change of a parameter?  Remarkable.

I wonder how this dashboard could be used in realtime trading.

Thank you

Charles

--- 帖子 #457 ---
I need help for the EA orders!

@all

The calculations and simulations are made without Spreads, and maybe they arn't 100% correct.

In the EA you have Bid and Ask prices. For greather TimeFrames are 2-3-4 Spread points not a problem, but for M5 or M15 the SLs and TPs are close to the entry prices.

As example:

If I have an entry price 100, 5 points spread and I have to set 20 points for the SL and 20 points for the TP, what do I have to program?

The charts are drawn with Bid prices!

e.g. Bid = 100, Ask = 105.

VARIANT 1

Long:

- Entry at Market Price = Ask = 105

- SL = 100 - 20 = sell 80 (loss = 105 - 80 = -25)

- TP = 100 + 20 = sell 120 (win = 120 - 105 = +15)

Short:

- Entry at Market Price = Bid = 100

- SL = 100 + 20 = buy 120 + spread 5 = 125 (loss = 125 - 100 = -25)

- TP = 100 - 20 = buy 80 + spread 5 = 85 (win = 100 - 85 = +15)

VARIANT 2

If I add or substract the 5 points spread to the previous limits:

Long:

- SL = sell 80 + 5 = sell 85 (loss = 105 - 85 = -20)

- TP = sell 120 + 5 = sell 125 (win = 125 - 105 = +20)

Short:

- SL = 125 - 5 = buy 120 (loss = 120 - 100 = -20)

- TP = 85 - 5 = buy 80 (win = 100 - 80 = +20)

My problem is (as example the Long trade):

Variant 1: if I take the SL = 80 at the drawn line 80, the loss ist -25 points

Variant 2: if I egalize the win/loss points to +-20, the SL line is at 85, and not 80 like them in the chart have drawn!

Have you a proposal or preference which variant is better to program?

--- 帖子 #458 ---
I dont know.

I have started a week ago with the DashBoard and a few indicators. Yesterday morning I have developed the TradeSimulator.

On the afternoon I had thought to show the equity in a dashboard, because it is difficult to make manually all calculations in a table too.

When I played with the parameters, I have seen that the results are better if I take only few pairs.

Maybe can someone from the board to post here ProfitFactors, and since when individual time frames has been calculated. All data can be calculated for every pair and time frame in the TradeSimulator, but I have no time for evaluations.

As I have previously written, I try to write today an EA, and after a couple of versions, we will know if we can apply the strategy in practice.

--- 帖子 #459 ---
The DashBoard Equity is not for real time, only for evaluations !!!!!!!!!!

--- 帖子 #460 ---
Hi SwingMan,

regarding spread calculations I might understand something rather wrong: I allways thought that you use EITHER Bid/Ask prices, where the difference is the spread (not to be added or subtracted). OR you use one of those ( bid for example) and correct this price by the spread at opening of position, and use the same without corrective spread for the closing of the position.

But I might be wrong.

Forex37

--- 帖子 #461 ---
i tend to think that a slightly larger SL is better, but if i understood the examples provided in the curse of this thread the good spotted trades usually go up/down pretty well...maybe in this case it would be better to have the same potential earn/loss for one single trade...

but i guess it is just a matter of experimenting.

--- 帖子 #462 ---
####################################################

Help - help   lol

how can I open these files   >  ex4  <

Thanks

--- 帖子 #463 ---
.ex4 files can you only LOAD in a chart, and not open like .mt4 files.

--- 帖子 #464 ---
Ash:

There was a long signal on AUS/USD at close on Friday. Do you go long at the beginning of the sunday session, or would you wait until maybe the London session opened up later that night or into the next early morning. Thanks for you help

Jim

--- 帖子 #465 ---
Good question Jim.

Depends which broker you are using.  Originally I thought GMT was the best, but even if you are using EST, I don't think it actually matters. Yes you might have different results for some trades, but in the long-term, the results shouldn't vastly differ.

--- 帖子 #466 ---
I know it's slightly off topic here (sorry)  nonetheless I hope someone can help:

I need the TradeStation formulas for the a.m. indicators. Google did not help

(yet) so far.

Hopefully someone is able to help. PMs are welcome, too.

Very much appreciated.

Charles

--- 帖子 #467 ---
Swongman

thank you.

Charles

--- 帖子 #468 ---
I know, that's what I was thinking.

Swingman, you're one excellent programmer from what I can tell.

--- 帖子 #469 ---
Could anyone tell me the average number of setups across the number of pairs per week. I do not trade with metatrader...this system gives me hope on a consistent EA that produces consistently over time. I just don't see a reasonable number of nailed candles across different pairs trading this system manually. Can anyone give me an idea? 1-3 nailed candles found in average across 5 to 10 pairs per week or some kind of average that you experience with this system.? It seems finding them manually at least on my charting package the setups seem to be few and far between and tell me automating the signals at least through MT4 is a better way to go. Any thoughts or experience to share? The work put in by a few on this forum to automate and the speed of which it happens tells me there are some who have found this worth their time and effort. New to thread. Thanks

--- 帖子 #470 ---
my usd/cad daily trade is taking a while lol. Sorry for not posting updates but i got into this trade and daily stuff takes a while. Hopefully it'll still drop.

--- 帖子 #471 ---
also, i'm still unaware as what the dashboard equity does?

--- 帖子 #472 ---
I have missed your contributions!

In the posting # 418 and # 420, as in the next few postings I give the explanations.

--- 帖子 #473 ---
Why don`t you just install a demo and watch it for just ONE day. There are plenty of signals in the lower TFs.

Regards

Forex37

--- 帖子 #474 ---
here is eur/jpy from today. I wish there was a way for an indicator to calculate the high of the nailed bar place a line there and to calculate the TP(with spread) and place a line there. Too lazy to put it on the charts lol.

--- 帖子 #475 ---
SwingMan,

is this one still valid or helpful?

Thanks

Forex37

--- 帖子 #476 ---
*sigh* looks like the usd/cad daily trade was a bust :/ i hate dailies. shoulda stuck with the 15/30m

--- 帖子 #477 ---
Raver could you please post your chart of the USD/CAD?  I don't see the Nailed Candle on IBFX.

--- 帖子 #478 ---
posted it a few days ago. Here is the candle. still sitting some 70 points wrong way.

--- 帖子 #479 ---
Ash, looks like FXDD gave signal and IBFX didn't, i have IBFX, don't see it either. How would you exit AUD/USD from 4/4 signal. The amount of S/L from 4/4 candle, top to bottom was 227 pips. Would you let it run for 227 TP, move to B/E after certain profit level, etc. I moved to 10 T/P after it was up 50 pips, as always, exits are tough.  If we close before 227, doesn't that mess up our R:R, as we were risking 227. Thanks as always for everything

Jim

--- 帖子 #480 ---
i've been currently using 1:1 so. i check my stoploss, then use the same amount of points+spread as my TP. this is my understanding how the 1:1 stoploss/tp is supposed to be used. But, you never go broke taking profit so if you're up 50 and you wanna set your new stoploss to atleast get 10, you'll at least be not making 0 or negative points lol.

--- 帖子 #481 ---
so with ibfx not showing a trade on usd/cad i wonder if i should exit my trade. i guess that would be why i'm 70 points down lol.

--- 帖子 #482 ---
Thanks Raver:

Everyone, what do you think about ATR, maybe a percentage, any suggestions, Ash, anyone? Thanks for your patience with a newbie

Jim

--- 帖子 #483 ---
Does anyone have this alert for GJ 4Hr? coz mine dont have.

im using latest template n ex4 from swingman and im using ODL.

--- 帖子 #484 ---
What a shame the nailed pip on the daily didn't play out according to the tight stop loss rules. Looks like it might now, though, with price action on H4 candles on my chart and also a nailed pip on the H1 (so far).

Worth keeping an eye on.

--- 帖子 #485 ---
Im not sure if u mean that the first red vertical bar should be a "nailed" candle..if that's the case i can tell you IT IS NOT..all signals have to change ON THE SAME CANDLE..

--- 帖子 #486 ---
not the first huge red candle but the second one...well if i understand it correctly...new candle must be below PSAR and both AO must be red...right? or i miss something here??

..and guys if u dont mind me asking, which version of ex4 from Swingman u guys using??it seems different version have different result.

--- 帖子 #487 ---
EurAud 5m ignore the red line going across it means nothing.

--- 帖子 #488 ---
aud/usd 1h. I know i've been too draw the lines for tp/sp. forgive me.  i'm also at work and switching computers a lot.

--- 帖子 #489 ---
eur usd 7 pips not even 10 minutes

Blue Line Entry

Red line Stop Loss

Green line TP(7 pips plus spread, and i think my line is off by one point. matters not.)

--- 帖子 #490 ---
Excellent results Tim!

--- 帖子 #491 ---
Well said Swingman.

I am now currently testing this.  But on first impressions the results looks freaking awesome.

--- 帖子 #492 ---
Hi Ash,

Thank u for sharing your trading system. It's pple like u who make this forum a success. i have just completed reading this tread.

If u dont mind, i have some questions for u.

1. you advised us not to use this system when there is news/data coming out, do u mind sharing what kind of news/data you avoid?

2. you also mention that u take into account fundamental analysis when considering a trade, could u elabrate on then different fundamentals u take into account?

3. other than then entry rules u shared with us in the pdf file and the fib, do u have any other rules u take into account?

4. this question is for u and for anyone who can answer. does anyone have results, whether detailed or other wise, like trade logs or something like that to see how the acutual trading results are like.

i m so sorry for troubling you guys, once again ash, thank you for ur kindness.

Andrew.

--- 帖子 #493 ---
The calculations on the weekend, I made because it was not live courses.

Surely are the results of this DBs not 100% correct, because I dont use Spreads, and e.g. if it gives a buy signal and after two bars comes a sell signal, the first trade wasnt closed.

I have programed an EA in a first version, with what we can do better backtests.

The results are interesting, and with optimisation of the ATR factors I received e.g. ProfitFactors 1.4 from an initial PF of 1.1

If someone will to make some searches with the EA and to post hear, I can prepare a version for backtests (the backtester dont work identical with our trading platforms).

--- 帖子 #494 ---
that cad trade killed me though. I'm wondering if i should use ibfx demo to run the dashboard cause ibfx seems to pick up all my winners and avoided that loser. I'm just wondernig how often thats gonna happen where i'm gonna have losing trades cause of fxdd but woulda been fine on ibfx.

--- 帖子 #495 ---
Tim:

You should get IBFX demo, you'll be on same page as Ash.  Everyone on the thread should consider.

Jim

--- 帖子 #496 ---
Cad just wants to taunt me.

--- 帖子 #497 ---
here is eur/chf 15m i'm in.

Blue Entry

Green TP+4 Pip Spread

Red Stoploss 6 pips

--- 帖子 #498 ---
TP hit BTW.

--- 帖子 #499 ---
EurUsd 5m I'm in

Blue Entry

Green TP+2 Pip Spread

Red Stoploss 9 pips

--- 帖子 #500 ---
Hey people. I'm new to this thread, FF and forex trading for that matter.

I did read the who thread though. Thanks a ton to Ash and all contributors to this sweet system. SwingMan, your dashboards are genious.

My first live trade using this system was yesterday on the AUD/USD H1 time frame. Made a sweet 20 pips.

(I couldn't post until today because I am a new member and had to be approved.)

--- 帖子 #501 ---
EUR/CHF on the 1 hour TF earlier today.

Made some nice pips with this one

--- 帖子 #502 ---
I scored a few more pips with this set up on the 4 hour timeframe on AUD/JPY.

--- 帖子 #503 ---
which template u r using???

nice and clear!!!

--- 帖子 #504 ---
we caught wrong signal sometimes. Can we learn somthing from it and do fine tuning the system so that, we can avoid wrong singal next time???

--- 帖子 #505 ---
hi all..i also think the thred is interesting...just startet testing  this moprning..

using  swingmans  1,4    have had 4 trades until now  and all a small profit.

when i got the alert  i just executed the deal...gonna test it a bit.

--- 帖子 #506 ---
by the way..is it possibel to recall the alarm box  after you closed it ???

--- 帖子 #507 ---
Hi all,

this system is very simple to make an EA for it.

Tonight I will make one and send to here.

I will make the EA follow strictly according to pdf instruction from post#1.

Using Strategy Back Test with visual aid on will shows how good is this system. many EA that based on indicators are prone to have many wrong signals. Let see this one.

The entry point is very clear instruction.

The exit I make use if any of the 3 indicators change stated.

See tonight...I am still at working place.

--- 帖子 #508 ---
I have been looking at this system as something to do short term while watching my longer term trades.

If you get an EA up, I can forward test it. I have 3 machines dedicated to forward testing and all are set to forward results to a live link.

Though I believe this system to be simple enough to just trade manually.

--- 帖子 #509 ---
hi  where are you all..sleeping ?

--- 帖子 #510 ---
OK, here the simple EA

enter signal as mention in post#1.

AC,AO,psar(0.02,0.2 standard

but for exit, I only base on change of psar state.

strategy back test using Fxopen MT4, EuroUSD only(H1),

from Jan07 to Dec07..net profit ~+USD489 (start acc size USD500).

I try other timeframe not profitable.

Pls test back test on your system.

Still got many wrong signal too.

--- 帖子 #511 ---
i have had a lot of signals today...think its going pretty ok..

i just executed trades when i recived the signal..

but can see now..i have to look7analyse a bit before i execute(i actually new that,,just wanted to check )

i added  MA  60 and 200     seems like i can use them

--- 帖子 #512 ---
the  euraud  has been teasing a lot...down 40-50 pips on that still...

--- 帖子 #513 ---
should have closed it,,damn   from now on gonna have a stop loss

--- 帖子 #514 ---
Hi Andrew,

To quickly answer your questions,

The typical news to avoid are the ones in RED in the Forex Factory Calendar.  Fundamental analysis is important because when looking at a particular country's economic / political situation it is possible to get a general idea of where the market may be heading.

Fibs and S/R are the main additional tools I use when trading.  I advise you to learn these and apply them if you don't do already.

Hope this helps.

--- 帖子 #515 ---
Hey ROI, welcome aboard.

Excellent start to your Pip Nailer initiation!

--- 帖子 #516 ---
Love this system. Has been a real winner for me. Thanks for sharing.

--- 帖子 #517 ---
Swing man...has many dashboard?? which version suit the best for easy referencing??

sonic

--- 帖子 #518 ---
morning...until now i have had good luck  with dashboard  1,4

--- 帖子 #519 ---
where can I find t ver??

--- 帖子 #520 ---
post 353

--- 帖子 #521 ---
but dont trust the signal completly...check it before you sell/buy   noticed it sometimes    give you wrong signal..where you have to do oposite what it says

--- 帖子 #522 ---
post 353 @ pg 24...

but how will we know the signal given is right or wrong signal??

thx

sonic

--- 帖子 #523 ---
you have to look at the sar  .on the chart

sometimes dashboard say sell..but check the sar..and see ifs right

i had 2-3 positions yesterday..that i first noticed later  when it was too late

--- 帖子 #524 ---
made 268 pips last 24 hours

--- 帖子 #525 ---
##################################################

paper or real?   :-)

--- 帖子 #526 ---
on the demo...gonna test it hole next week...gonna treat it like real account.

i use ema 60 and 200 + stoc  also...

i made 32 positions in 24 hour...

--- 帖子 #527 ---
Yeah, SwingMan did say it is a work in progress, so always confirm manually!

--- 帖子 #528 ---
i had some bad losses...if i had used SL i would have been able to gain maby 100 pips more...and i took alomst all signals from 5m and up,,just to check what will happend...

--- 帖子 #529 ---
seems like it works pretty good for scalping 4-10 pips

--- 帖子 #530 ---
Lol, if it was real he'd have outdone me on my own system!

--- 帖子 #531 ---
hi ash,

just to ask, when you say news to avoid, do u mean u dont trade the whole day or do u mean u dont open any trades for that currency pair 30min before and 30 min after e news.

based on fundamental analysis, if u think a pair is a buy, but if u have a signal to sell, will u take the signal?

as for the Fibs and S/R, do u use them for profit projection and stoploss? if so could u elabrate abit?

i m so sorry for taking up ur time, but i would like to get into the thought process u use to trade.

thanks again for ur kind help,

Andrew

--- 帖子 #532 ---
Did you use a particular TF?

SwingMAn, in your dashboardequity ATR is set at 20, 30 periods?

--- 帖子 #533 ---
Fundies (i don't mean news spikes) are not important in the lower timeframes.  In the Daily and upwards, they are more important. If the general trend is down, (you can also use SMA) then this is a reflection of the fundamental state of that pair.

As for news spikes, sorry yeah, I meant half an hour before and half an hour after... need to let the dust settle.

Yes, I use fibs and S/R as profit projections and turning points.  I can't stress this enough.  If you don't use them, you are missing out on the magic of trading. There are plenty of threads here on Fibs/S&R, frankly it's beyond the scope of this thread. Remember, the Pip Nailer isn't my main system, I designed it for people who want a simple, clean cut, mechanical, out of the box system.

I might start free education webinars soon for everyone who wants some help in their trading, so be on the look out for that in the Summer perhaps.

Cheers.

--- 帖子 #534 ---
I have previously written: ATR period = 21.

--- 帖子 #535 ---
Aud/Cad 15m and 5m at the same time. Since on the 15m the open was same as low i jus twatched it and exited when iw as up some pips.

--- 帖子 #536 ---
just noticed the green line that i used to mark entry was wrong lol. disregard the green line.

--- 帖子 #537 ---
BTW ive never had a a false signal on 1.4? where the psar wasn't hit? only time i've had it a wrong signal if i switched 'shift signals 1' to 0 and the ao/ac repaints on me.

--- 帖子 #538 ---
Anyone catch the USD/CAD on the Hourly yesterday?

--- 帖子 #539 ---
what sucks is this is my usdcad pic. maybe i should use ibfx demo and place trades into my account.

--- 帖子 #540 ---
Hi     Can You Explain The Enter Of The Candle

Is It Just When The Dot Of The Par. Shows Above Or Below

The Candle That You Go In At That Moment.

Also Can You Use Gby/jpy It Moves More

Thanks

--- 帖子 #541 ---
Ash;

Sure did catch it, thanks for everything you do. Quick question, the sl is the difference betwen the low of the nailed candle 1.0159 and the close 1.0183 or the high 1.0186? It's only a few pips, but has been big difference on other candles.  Once you reach target, do you trail stop? Thanks

Jim

--- 帖子 #542 ---
Weird, what broker were you using?

--- 帖子 #543 ---
Hi Tcmm, the rules are clear in the PDF, but to explain again - all three indicators need to be aligned on the same candle.

Take a look at this USD/CAD trade yesterday on the Hourly.

--- 帖子 #544 ---
I'm using FXDD. same one that signaled me a eur/cad d1 sell that failed(i posted that trade). maybe if i had trailed a stoploss after breakeven it would have been ok but just taking it as 'its gonna earn all points or lose all the points' i got rocked. I know no system can be 100% but I'd to at least see a system give the same signals on different brokers.

Like I said, I'm thinking about perhaps doing an IBFX demo and just placing trades into FXDD to try to alleviate this. Just wondering, for those NOT using fxdd are you guys seeing the same trades as I? Or is it just some as with my case not seeing the hourly on usd/cad on fxdd but it being there on ibfx.

--- 帖子 #545 ---
Hmmm.... looks like a good trading systems i think i'm gonna try it on my demo...

thank's ash for sharing this system and swingman for the dashboard....

--- 帖子 #546 ---
Hi Ash, I came across this thread just over a week ago.  First off I'd like to thank you very much for your insight and system.  (I just signed up for the forum Thursday, so I could not post until I got 'Approved' yesterday evening).  So, ... Thank you very much!

I've been quite busy over the past week doing some very tedious historical research on your method, manually, on the four major USD pairs as well as on a couple of other pairs.  (EUR/USD, USD/CHF, GBP/USD, USD/JPY, USD/CAD, & AUD/CAD)  These are my findings for the period starting from the beginning of this year up until the end of March on the 1 Hour charts only.  Just remember that with every cloud comes a silver lining.

Data:  (Using the 'PipNailer' system as recommended) No human intervention.

Number of 'Nailed' Candles per pair: 12 to 22 (Least being the USD/CHF with 12, most being the EUR/USD and USD/CAD with 22 each.)

Total number of 'Nailed' Candles:  102

Total number of Winners:  44  (Taking profit) :-(

Total number of Losers:    58  (Getting Stopped out before taking profit)

Winning percentage = 43%  (This has been pointed out by someone else in a previous post that had also run some tests)

Now don't go away mad everyone, and before everyone starts with the 'yea, ...but' keep reading...

Anyone that spends this much time going over data manually is sure to notice a thing or two.  And I have.

Every (or almost every) 'Nailed Candle' in the system has very little to no wick (if you're shorting) or tail (if you're going long).  This got my attention and prompted me to research everything that I just did (same pairs and time frame) all over again with a very slight modification of the PipNailer system that Ash was so kind to provide us with.  (By the way, if I haven't already done so, ...I know I have, but ...thanks again Ash for sharing your system.)  These were the results:

This is the 'silver lining' part!

The Data:  ('PipNailer' system with slight modification)

Number of 'Nailed' Candles per pair: 12 to 22 (This hasn't changed)

Total number of 'Nailed' Candles:  102  (Same, of course)

Total number of Winners:  87  (Taking profit) :-)

Total number of Losers:    15  (Getting Stopped out before taking profit)

Winning percentage =  85%

The Modification:

- One has to enter a trade right away (in the proper direction of course) as soon as the candle is 'Nailed'.  This of course means that the AO, AC and P-SAR all have to change to the same color at the same time from a different color (as Ash has tried to impress upon us numerous times).

- Do not wait for the candle after the 'Nailed' candle to place your trade.

- Enter the trade with a 30 PIP S/L and a 30 PIP T/P.

- Results will be as noted above.  85% of the time you will be in a profit situation!

The Humanity:

Since Ash was so kind as to share his system with all of us, and hayseed and Flying Fish were kind enough with their EA contributions, as well as Thunderwolf for the P-SAR Color Alert, I thought it only ethically and morally correct to share the findings of my research and modifications.

I was wondering if it would be possible to acquire an EA with the modifications that I have indicated above (being able to adjust the T/P & S/L would be a nice feature)?   I'm not much of a programmer and Ash, if you would like to keep your system intact the way it is, I completely understand.  That being the case, I would be interested if someone capable of programing an EA could get in touch with me, or refer me to one. (I need some sleep)

Again, Thanks everyone for your contributions.  I will continue with my research and testing on other pairs and keep everyone posted.  I tend to just stick with the 1 hour charts, as these are the ones I am most comfortable (and successful) with.

Goss

--- 帖子 #547 ---
Hi Does the dot of the par. have to be right over close to the candle to enter. What about if the dot is higher up can you still enter?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #548 ---
you enter after the candle closes. period. when all 3 change on same bar. period. original system.

--- 帖子 #549 ---
Goss,

Thanks for all your work and sharing the results with us.

Yes, an EA with your criteria would be very nice.

Too bad I am not a programmer, I would work on it.

Regards

--- 帖子 #550 ---
hey goss..... thanks for your thoughts..... in reguards to the ea from post 58, to achieve your goals we would just roll back the bar setting by 1.... it's common to use 'shift +'...... that would involve using the current yet unfinished bar and would very likely give some false signals..... the current bar is subject to repainting till the bar closes.....

i've toyed with many methods to improve results here.... from the use of buy and sell limit orders to rewriting both the ao and ac indicators......

the awesome oscillator is nothing more than a moving average cross involving the 5 and 34 periods.... the accelerator oscillator is just a 5 period ma of the awesome oscillator..... put those both together and you have the macd indicator of 5,34,5 based on the price median.....

so in real terms your just looking at a macd of 5,34,5 instead of the common 12,26,9....

both the common awesome and accelerator are written in a manner that does not allow us to vary the values so we are locked in to 5 and 34.....

once we rewrite them we can use our new ao and ac versions in the ea to see if we can develope an edge......h

--- 帖子 #551 ---
Gos,,

care to show the method with slight mod..with the help of graph??

sonic

--- 帖子 #552 ---
Please read my posting #458, page #31.

I have written an EA to test different ideas.

Someone needs to make backtests and optimization with the Strategy Tester, and to post the results here, because I havent the time.

If you can do this, I can post today the EA, because nobody was willing to do this until today.

--- 帖子 #553 ---
To Hayseed:

Your observation of AO & AC related to MACD is very interesting..this shows that u clearly understand what the meaning of the indicators.

I will try update my EA submission earlier to this simple MACD.

To everyone:

Did anybody try the EA on back test? Some comment on the correctness of entry and exit?

--- 帖子 #554 ---
PipNailer EAtester_v1

I hope you can use this EA to evaluate the PipNailer rules or variants.

It is also possible to use lots optimized.

My Profit Factor results for EURUSD, H1 (aprox. 50 Trades from 2007.07.30):

(Please check also the DrawDown numbers for different parameter settings!)

- Original rules, PF = 1.52

(ATR factors = 1)

- Use Parabolic Stop Loss, PF = 1.52

- Use fix stops for SL= 30 and TP = 30, PF = 1.21

- Use ATR factors for SL and TP, after optimization(!), PF = 1.96

(ATR factors for SL and TP = 2.4)

- The same, with Parabolic Stop Loss, PF = 1.65

--- 帖子 #555 ---
i'm willing to play around with the EA but i'm not a big automation user and am having difficulty. its in experts folder but when i pull up navigator its still greyed out and when i load strategy tester it doesn't do trades lol. such a nub on eas lol

--- 帖子 #556 ---
You can use the EA on a demo account, but you must wait a few hours until the markets open. Are you not curious to know the truth about the system?

--- 帖子 #557 ---
lol think i'm a little lost. just saying its in my fxdd/experts folder and its greyed out/not letting me use strategy tester. which is what i thought we were doing lol

--- 帖子 #558 ---
Hi Swingman,

Attached my test using FXopen MT4

from Jan08 till March08

For test, i like to put small deposit USD200 and see whether the account get burn or not.

Seems within 3 months >100% return.

2nd test from Jan07 till December 07

results really swing but net profit ~80% for 2007.

3rd test from Jan06 till December 06

~100% for 2006

very nice EA...

--- 帖子 #559 ---
swingman...

i will do forward test for t EA....

H1.....

WIll it auto open position??

sonic

--- 帖子 #560 ---
Yes, but the drawdowns are to large (>50%)!

--- 帖子 #561 ---
Hi Swingman,

but I still looking for an EA that will consistently make ~50 to 100% per month based on small deposit USD200.

I am working with it now and I think almost get it....almost (base on demo back tester).

I may need your help for some bug in my EA.

My programming knowledge become rusty after ~16 years not doing programming.

Hope u can help me with my EA.

--- 帖子 #562 ---
I dont know, but I hope this. I developed and tested the EA only with the Strategy Tester, and he opened many positions...

--- 帖子 #563 ---
Hey Goss,

I can't thank you enough for your kind efforts.  Seriously, that's awesome stuff you got there in discovering those results via the method you mentioned. Thank you for taking the time in manually backtesting.

I have no objection in someone coming along and adjusting or modifying the system, as long as it's not a matter of people saying, "let's check out this indicator or that one", without even doing the proper research. Else we have a ton of different ideas, and usually what I havfe seen on Forex Factory is the system being changed so much, that by the end of the thread, the original author seems to have disappeared and we have some entire new system that looks nothing like the original.

What you have done is made the effort and researched your new idea, and I wholeheartedly welcome this kind of application.

Hope we can take this further.

--- 帖子 #564 ---
hayseed;

Thanks for the info.  I was not aware that indicators can change ('repaint') until the candle closes.  This sure does make manual backtesting a little less accurate.

I'm trying to find where I can change the setting as you suggested.  I would like to try and live test my theory.  I can't seem to find it as one of the user selectable inputs.  Is it a change that needs to be made with the MetaEditor?  If so, I've opened up the EA in the editor (I thought I would be able to figure it out), however everything there is completely foreign to me.  So your suggestion to 'roll back the bar setting by 1' seems to be lost on me.  Could you be a bit more specific where I can alter this setting in the Editor?

Thanks,
Goss

--- 帖子 #565 ---
Correct Goss. I thought you had manually backtested it via the "visual backtester".  This way when manually backtesting you would see which candles repainted and which did not.

--- 帖子 #566 ---
Ash;

I can't seem to find this 'Visual backtester'. Can you point me in the right direction so I can redo my research with it to see what the differences would be?

Goss

--- 帖子 #567 ---
Found it.  Starting visuals today.

Goss

--- 帖子 #568 ---
Hi folks:

Could someone help my confusion. For long on nailed candle, is SL the close of the nailed candle to the open, or the close to the bottom of the wick, the opposite for shorts.  Sorry, but it's driving me nuts. Thanks

Jim

--- 帖子 #569 ---
Eur/gbp 5m and also 4h. i kinda forgot i had a 4h signal and exited on 5m target.

blue entry

red stoploss

green tp+3 spread

--- 帖子 #570 ---
eur/usd 5m

--- 帖子 #571 ---
Hey Swingman, thank you once again for your programming.

I hope others can test this EA as well, and let us know of their results.

--- 帖子 #572 ---
swing man..

the EA didn't t trigger any big/sell signal??

--- 帖子 #573 ---
That's strange, if you can backtest it, it means it should work live.

--- 帖子 #574 ---
yeah...doesn't work for me either...anyway SwingMan, good job bro

--- 帖子 #575 ---
Is possible that you have the Chart with the EA with an other time frame as the signals?

I can only in the afternoon check the EA.

I will also to post a MTF version.

--- 帖子 #576 ---
Cheers Swingman.

--- 帖子 #577 ---
Swingman,

I used yr EA on my demo here,it seems everything in order (i hope im not missing anything here)...its in 1HR and i used it on most of the pairs but still its not working.

Just one thing though, if u notice the EA (on the EA indicator colum..where i mark X)...it not lighting up.

And other thing is that...the EA supposed to be in mq4. file...right?not in ex4...correct me if im wrong swingman.

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #578 ---
just to check with u guys, does anyone have any real results. pls share. using live trading with live markets? ash if u can can u also give  some trade logs? so we can have a better understanding and expectation of the system? thanks alot for everything u guys!!!

--- 帖子 #579 ---
The Greying on the navigator with ea is what was happening to me.

But, i kinda think we should start a different thread about the ea somewhere else and continue to talk about maybe refining exits and showing examples.

I feel like when an EA is introduced in the systems thread it looses focus on the system and the thread comes up with 8 million ways to optimize an EA and then a new person can't even figure out how to use the system anymore.

--- 帖子 #580 ---
all my charts are live charts and i've gotten into 90% of them(i am often at work but sometimes work actually calls and i can't get into every trade)

--- 帖子 #581 ---
here is a usd/jpy 30m i got into last night. at work and dont feel like putting up the lines lol, you should all know how to do it by now.

--- 帖子 #582 ---
usd/chf 5m. wasn't in cause i was typing stuff out on the usd/jpy

--- 帖子 #583 ---
hey issey....   the greying out can be caused by several issues...... the most common reason being you do not have the mq4 file, only the ex..... odds are that is the case here......

ea's should still work without you having the mq4 so the 'not lighting up' might not be the problem.....

why yours is not placing trades, i can not say.....h

--- 帖子 #584 ---
what dashboard mq4 file is needed? i am using 1.4 is that still why?

--- 帖子 #585 ---
failed 30m eur/jpy

--- 帖子 #586 ---
My last version is PipNailer DashBoard_v1.5

--- 帖子 #587 ---
ah. i was still using 1.4 cause i like it better for me. but i'll switch it over now and see if that makes a difference.

--- 帖子 #588 ---
now i'm getting 'unmatched data error(high value xxxx and price xxxx mismatched) o.o  still greyed out on navigator BUT little smilie is at the top

--- 帖子 #589 ---
Is this the EA?

It coud be that for M5, the setting of SL and TP near the Entry Price indicate errors, I dont know...

--- 帖子 #590 ---
Running Pipnailer EAtester_v1 with dashboard 1.5, eur/usd 1h settings. even tried 4h. i'm just gonna try again on my home computer.

--- 帖子 #591 ---
Hey, Raver, good work with the updates dude.

You're efforts are appreciated.

--- 帖子 #592 ---
PipNailer EA Multi Pair and Multi Time Frames

Two new tools for lazy traders as I...

PipNailer EA_MTF_v1 (EA MultiTimeFrames) is to put in the chart of the desired trading pair.

The EA trades for the time frames in the list: M5, M15, M30, H1, H4 and D1.

But, if you did not feel like to set many charts on the screen, you put the PipNailer MP_MTF_v1 (EA MultiPair and MultiTimeFrames) in any chart, and the EA trades for you 19 pairs on 6 time frames...

Warning: to set good (or optimal) trading parameters, you must make many, many tests and optimizations with te PipNailer EAtester!

The EAs are not yet ready, but you can check whether they are working properly, and what bugs appear.

Enjoy!

.

--- 帖子 #593 ---
Hello @ all !

i am a newbie in forex. This system looks very well for me. I travel a lot of, so i never have MT4 always next to me. But i want to use this system, so i needed to "transfer" this to the java-platform from Oanda.

but i have some questions:

1. Forexmoments wrote in his PDF-File "..The System itself is relatively simple, it uses three main indicators, found in every platform." Sure, i found the PSAR and the Awesome Oscillator, but i never can find the Accelerator Oscillator - i think, i never exists in the Oanda-platform. This introduce my second question:

2. How can i simulated this Acc.Osc. with the given indicators from Oanda, can i replace it with another one?

3. What is definetly the best time frame for to use?

4. What is the best setting of the "Awesome Oscillator" in "Oanda-Language". The superior setup in oanda, when i open this Oscillator is "5,34"

i hope, you can help me.

Thank you & greetings from germany

--- 帖子 #594 ---
hey ash, i m cant remember if u answered this question, but i will as it again. do u avoid any time? what i mean is do u avoid trading this system during the asian session or any other session, or can this system be used 24 hrs a trading day? once again, thank you for ur system and ur generous help.

andrew

--- 帖子 #595 ---
Swingman PipNailer EA Multi Pair and Multi Time Frames

Had some trouble adding these indicators. No change to chart. Can you post chart sample of what the indicator actually looks like. It is compiled ex4 can go right into indicator folder and be applied to any chart as usual or am i missing something. Kinda new to metatrader but learning. By the way your coding efforts in trying to automate this is awesome. Like you I like to sleep so I am spending time trying to get some automation into my trading. FM very simplistic high probability system thanks for sharing. Kudos to Flying Fish hayseed and the rest of the contributors to this.

--- 帖子 #596 ---
Dive call all your answers are in the thread read 1 through whatever

--- 帖子 #597 ---
Yes, you must learn to use Metatrader! They are indicators, scripts and ExpertAdvisors. This (EA) is an ExpertAdvisor, and you must copy the .ex4 file in the "experts" folder, and not in the "indicators" folder.

--- 帖子 #598 ---
It seems to be that the EA is working when I go to sleep!

.

--- 帖子 #599 ---
I have just found a bug!

Trade M5.

After closing the (win) position, the EA opens an other trade for the same bar...

--- 帖子 #600 ---
Sorry swingman noob mistake with MT thanks again for the tools I will test and provide u fedback

--- 帖子 #601 ---
Hello friends,

I am somewhat confused... I have all the template files, mq4, ex4, etc. files and now I am confused as to what should I use for my demo/live trading.

Can someone please point me to the optimized file?  Also I have many versions of Swingman's EAs and dashboards, etc.  Could someone tell me which EA to test?

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #602 ---
Sorry, but I work so...

Everytime take the last version.

You must begin with the EAtester in the Backtester, to find the right parameter settings. Take a small period with few signals, and check if they are OK.

On this way you become a sort of licence to use the EA_MTF for a pair, or the EA_MP_MTF.

But, for every step you must know how the EAs are functioning, and if the signals are OK!!!

--- 帖子 #603 ---
Here is the result for the EA during Asia session today,i used the MultiPair EA.Seems to be working out fine.There's few pair and u can it for yrself that it took a same trade multiple times with just 1-2pips diiferent.

Good effort Swingman

and swingman...how could i increase my stop lost in the EA, is it in Maximum Risk slot??

--- 帖子 #604 ---
- Maximum Risk is only for Lots. The formula is from the MT4 default EAs "MovingAverages".

I just have written:

You must LEARN to use the EAs what I writed only for the PipNailer System.

Try the parameter settings and see what the EA trades.

It is dangerous to start the MP_MTF or MTF versions without to know how they works.

Take also in consideration that I can not answer all questions, if I work in future time to other projects.

--- 帖子 #605 ---
i can't wait to test the new EA....

--- 帖子 #606 ---
That's good ?

--- 帖子 #607 ---
OK, enjoy!

BUT - first learn with the tester to set the right parameters.

You can put on the screen the DashBoard and the EA in the same chart. The signals and alerts in the DashBoard comes then in the same second together with the orders from the EA, and this is good so!

But, it gives situations when a signal in the DashBoard remain without an order from the EA. This is a bug, and I dont know why. Maybe can I found an explanation.

In the tests from yestarday I have the DashBoard and the EA in different charts, and maybe is better to have they in the same chart. Please test this.

--- 帖子 #608 ---
Thanks, I am curious though to know what parameters are you using for good results?  If it is something you could share, it would help me know on what lines to tweak the parameters.

Thanks!

--- 帖子 #609 ---
Sorry, but I posted in #556 (page #38) a few parameters and results. For other pairs must you make the same, learn to change the parameters and evaluate the results. All in all is the system stable.

I can not test my programs, becouse in the afternoon I programmed. This must you or other users do this time. I can make only in the next weeks other tests.

--- 帖子 #610 ---
what i meant by good was the EA,well...it does work,not the pips though ...if u look at the multiple trade on my previous chart,it was the 5M n 15M trade call,mybe there's some bugs somewhere.That's why we need more testing on this EA...dont just jump in yr live trade.

now i remove the 5M n 15M trade...let see where it goes.So far i got 2 green n 1 red pips on 30M trade...will post the result later.

--- 帖子 #611 ---
Swingman...this is quite an accomplishment! I've been following your work here and every chance I get share with others to go to this thread and check out your programming.I have Ea's programmed for various ideas and the programmers I use are all over the world and most are very good.What amazes me is your adaptness with MTF coding.I have a friend (a very good coder) attempting to code for a forum a strategy and the MTF part is most challenging to him.For you to combine 19pairs/6 time frames on one chart is mind bogling and I applaud you.

I've been trading for 20 years and in the last 3 years into automated trading.I'm not a coder but can get around to edit and Ea if need be.Other than Bluto,Rover and a few others that weave magic with code,you fit right in there with the cream.

For everyone following this thread,you are very blessed to have such a master helping out with his skills.Please nothing taken away from the other coders who have done an excellent job and to the creator...thank you!

FYI...in reviewing some initial results, I would choose to leave out aud/usd and it's cross pairs.At the best of times they are very difficult to optimize for profit.Just my personal observation in playing Ea's for so long.

David aka spiritfriends

--- 帖子 #612 ---
Thank you my spiritual friend for your kind words!

Maybe are you right with the aud/usd pair, but only after we make tests with the StrategyTester, we can know this.

I have programmed the indicator DashBoardEquity to aproximate possible results, and this pair coud be well. I dont know.

.

--- 帖子 #613 ---
Yes Swingman,

I did see that aud/usd does well and in keeping an open mind that pair will be included in my testing.I have a forward test going,all pairs with BBFX/ODL.I was with IBFX for 2 years and paid the price and now you wouldn't see me give them another dime.I also will ST each pair as i see that certain Tf are more profitable than others and some are just terrible.

I'll let you know if I spot any bugs and send the journal/logs

David

--- 帖子 #614 ---
I think what has been mentioned and brought forward in getting the alert in due time on the nailed candle is the challenge. I know it has to finish painting but if GOSS's assumptions based on testing are correct getting in early leads to a better w/l ratio. It still seems on the lower time frames there is alot of false positives. As FM states h1 and above seem to work better and I think this will hold true pertaining to the EA optimization. It would be interesting to see what GOSS comes back with. I think this is getting tuned in(the EA) but still having better luck getting in early before the alert on a visual nailed candle. Wouldn't it be something to have the EA be as close and accurate as one seeing with thier own eyes. Indicators always lag which affects the trigger in a a perfect world we would pull the trigger faster and enter the trade in as close as possible to the AO/AC and Psar lining up....
Swingman:I as well appreciate your magic with arrays and your logic. Anyone who has had to write code for a living can appreciate it. Thanks

--- 帖子 #615 ---
New version: PipNailer EA_MP_MTF_V2

I think that I have corrected the two bugs from the version 1, but I only had 2-3 trade signals for checking

1. When a trade is started and closed on the same bar, now gives not an other trade for this bar.

2. Remain the problem with small limits for SL and TP, because this was the cause that some signals from the dashboard were not traded from the EA.

Now the program check the default Stop Levels, and the SL/TP are corrected if necessary.

The calculation of SL and TP is as example:

maxDiff Close1/HiLo1 = 5 Points

StopLevel = 10 Points (this value is visible in the Order window, if you give Limit orders manually.)

Setting Value = max(5, 10) = 10

- Long

SL = Ask - 10 - Spread

TP = Ask + 10

- Short

SL = Bid + 10 + Spread

TP = Bid -10;

(Who previously downloaded the file, please replace it!)

.

--- 帖子 #616 ---
Thanks Swingman for version 2.

I've been watching the trades  and I've noticed many times that the pair is in profit,sometimes 17-$19 then retreats and is closed at a loss.When I can I've applied a 15 pip trail but I won't be up all night watching.Does anyone have an opinion whether a trail on the lower TF like M5 and M15 would be benificial?I am also using ATR for SL and TP.ST shows a vast improvement on ROI.

David

--- 帖子 #617 ---
At the time you can use the parabolic stop.

Here is a little problem: if the distance between price and stop loss is to small (< StopLevel), the program can not set a new SL, and remain the old SL. The solution where to exit per program (improvement 1).

Is also possible to set in a future version a trailing stop (improvement 2).

--- 帖子 #618 ---
Correct.  If anyone has any ideas on how to improve the system for the lower timeframes, based upon testing and research, then it would be appreciated.

--- 帖子 #619 ---
I think that a first solution is to set the ATR factors = 1, and to set the parameter "Compare Limits with ATR" on true. Then the differences Close/Hilo < HiLo are replaced with the ATR.

--- 帖子 #620 ---
Thanks Swingman, I am testing on an old server I have. I am running only 15min + , but believe I saw a few missed trades last night.  I wanted to see some more results before analyzing, but I will look over the results when I get home and post any findings as well as swap files to version 2.

--- 帖子 #621 ---
Good Morning PipNailers,

Attached is my statement from yesterday through the night using version 1 and atr as SL/TP."use_originalSLandTPrules were shut off.On the trades that I could I put a 15 pip trail on them I did, because I saw profit being lost from retracements.I have replaced version 1 with version 2 this morning at 8:30am EST and again I am using atr.My risk percent I changed from .02 to .2.Atr adjusted per Swingman's suggestion to 1 for SL and TP.

Today I plan on going through each pair if time allows me to,and get best TF in relation to roi.I'll start with the majors and then go to the crosses based on activity.I will have to download history for this so I don't want to clog up my system and will delete after the findings.

Have a great day trading.

David

--- 帖子 #622 ---
nice one

--- 帖子 #623 ---
After posting that I have initiated version 2 I have a couple of errors coming up.The alert is going off like crazy when a M5 or M15 trade is trying to place through the EA.All trades on TF of M30 and higher have no problem.

Also there is a cpu issue with version 2 .Since applying version 2 I am running very high numbers for cpu spiking often into the 100%.I never had this issue with version 1 with it maintaining 12-19%.I'll check my logs and post them if I find anything.I also find that losses have escalated with V2.I will change my settings soon if there isn't a turn around soon.

David

--- 帖子 #624 ---
hey ash, i m cant remember if u answered this question, but i will as it again. do u avoid any time? what i mean is do u avoid trading this system during the asian session or any other session, or can this system be used 24 hrs a trading day? once again, thank you for ur system and ur generous help.

andrew

--- 帖子 #625 ---
any help in getting the alerts to retain they come up in a popup and dissappear in dashboard v1.5.... indicator seems to have less false positves on the H1 h4 and D1 wouldn't bother on anything lower as i was stringing consecutive losses when on auto pilot. Any body welcome to post some results with higher time frames only when on auto it might convince me but still think manual trading is the way to go with this. Probably before i hit enter Swingman will have a new version out...Goss please report...over

--- 帖子 #626 ---
Update ExpertAdvisor PipNailer EA_MP_MTF_v2.1

- I hope to correct the bug for small StopLosses. I have also added an additional point to the StopLevel + Spred.

- It gives the input parameter "Show_Alerts" to send or no the error messages.

(Please consider that the EAtester currently is not identical with the EA_MP_MTF)

Update Indicator PipNailer iSignals_v2

- To avoid repainting, the signals in this version are calculated only for the last 300 Bars. Please check the signal (re)painting.

.

--- 帖子 #627 ---
Dear Swing...

What does it do?? Is it EA or will just signal out when all 3 conditions meet??

--- 帖子 #628 ---
Yes Andrew, I try to focus on the longer time frames, and avoid the news.

--- 帖子 #629 ---
BTW, this took me a minute to remember/figure out.  If your testing on Interbank mini, you need the "m" at the end of all the currencies to be traded.  Just an FYI.

--- 帖子 #630 ---
this is the result for the last 24hrs or so..i used only TF 30M and above, looks promising. The first chart is the result n 2nd one is  still floating.I used the 2nd version from Swingman.

p/s..dont bother abt the amount of $$ in my demo...i mix it up with others.And kind of bother me though that its not even once trigger on Rampaging GJ pair today on higher TF,i have check using the Isignal...it only trigger in TF 15M or maybe lower.

Have A Nice Weekend

--- 帖子 #631 ---
Issey... can you tell me where to find that Candle till close countdown on the top left of your chart. Is it a standard MT function... or am i just asking a stupid question and haven't looked hard enough? Thanks

--- 帖子 #632 ---
dont worry pipsnagger its not you there are a few indies for it. I dont have it at work but its on FF somewhere.

Sorry again for my lack of charts recently, been involved with irl. i should start posting again soon.

i'll also start running the ea soon as well and posting results.

issey, are you using 1:1 settings or did you change it around?

--- 帖子 #633 ---
Here you go Pipsnagger..2 different type there

and RaverStyleTim2...i only change the TF in the EA,the rest of the setting i didnt change a thing.As i said i only used TF 30M and higher.

--- 帖子 #634 ---
Hi swingman thanks for your efforts with the pipnailer EAs, are you considering v2 for the MTF single pair EA?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #635 ---
Interesting results Issy, thanks.

--- 帖子 #636 ---
i should thank you and swingman for this

if u  guys see that AudJpy (the floating one) it already when up 150pips..so roughly if we stop that manually..that day our profit around USD250..that's around 250pips,not bad for a day trade

--- 帖子 #637 ---
LOL! Not bad at all!

--- 帖子 #638 ---
Dear SwingMan,

Could you please explain how the configs on the EA works??? I'm not sure about them and Start to test.

In My opinio the stop could be 30 ou 50 pips, but the target should be bigger.

Your EA seens to be very good!

Tks

--- 帖子 #639 ---
2008.04.21 06:05:51 PipNailer EA_MP_MTF_v2.1 GBPJPY,H1: open #94124976 sell 0.10 GBPUSD at 1.9994 sl: 2.0011 tp: 1.9981 ok

2008.04.21 05:55:06 PipNailer EA_MP_MTF_v2.1 GBPJPY,H1: open #94122867 buy 0.10 GBPJPY at 207.60 sl: 207.43 tp: 207.77 ok

Anybody get nailed candles on any time frames for these 2 pairs on GMT

Could not find anything close please verify I am using IBFX

--- 帖子 #640 ---
[quote=SwingMan;1955473]Update ExpertAdvisor PipNailer EA_MP_MTF_v2.1

- I hope to correct the bug for small StopLosses. I have also added an additional point to the StopLevel + Spred.

- It gives the input parameter "Show_Alerts" to send or no the error messages.

(Please consider that the EAtester currently is not identical with the EA_MP_MTF)

Update Indicator PipNailer iSignals_v2

- To avoid repainting, the signals in this version are calculated only for the last 300 Bars. Please check the signal (re)painting.

Hi Swingman

I still new to the method and learning ...........i would like to place my trades and manage them manually please could you tell me whether pipnailer dashboard v1.5 would be a good place to start to get a few alerts so that i don't have to keep flcking through all the charts? would i use default settings?

thanks for your help

cheers

kim

--- 帖子 #641 ---
Hi Ash

I have read through all the posts and wonder whether the rules are still the same from post 1? i.e. when all 3 requirements are met on the same candle are you still taking the trade from the close of that candle or are you entering the trade straight away?

also....could you please clarify one other thing for me...........one of the conditions for exiting the trade is when the bars change colour but what happens if the very next bars are different colours ? would this mean to abandoned the trade ? not even enter it at all?

cheers

kim

--- 帖子 #642 ---
yes, use dashboard1.5  and the conditions are still the same. all must happen on same candle then enter on open of next candle.

about when the ao/ac having already been changed on the 2nd candle i tend to take the trade anyway, but i sit in front of my cpu all day so.

--- 帖子 #643 ---
thanks raverstyle i will give it a try......i also sit with pc all day so i will monitor it. how are you finding things? any suggestions or pointers?

cheers

kim

--- 帖子 #644 ---
dashboard finds it for me lol. just keep the sounds up lol.

if i get a signal for e/j to rise, i look to see if the arrows next to all the euro crosses are looking up, and the yen crosses to be looking down. it helps when everythings moving the same direction.

--- 帖子 #645 ---
Kimmy

This may save you some time. Contains one indicator and nine '.chr' files.

Put the chr files in a folder then into the 'profiles' folder in MT4 and the indicator as normal into MT4.

enjoy

R

--- 帖子 #646 ---
eur/chf

--- 帖子 #647 ---
nzd/usd daily pin. anyone else in on th is? forexmoments? No whick on the nailedbar and someone here said they have better results when the nailebar has no whick/tail

--- 帖子 #648 ---
Visual Backtests:

Sorry for the delay in reporting on the "Visual Backtests."  I've been quite busy over the past week.  So far I have only had time to complete visuals on two pairs that I reported on earlier (visuals are very time consuming).

These are my findings for the period starting from the beginning of this year up until the end of March on the 1 Hour charts only for the EUR/USD and the USD/CHF. I'm sure that everyone was expecting that the results wouldn't be as great as I had previously reported.

Data:  (Using the 'PipNailer' system as recommended) No human intervention.

Number of 'Nailed' Candles per pair hasen't changed:  22 for the EUR/USD and 12 for the  USD/CHF

Total number of 'Nailed' Candles: 34

Total number of Winners: 10  (Taking profit)

Total number of Losers: 24  (Getting Stopped out before taking profit)

Winning percentage = 29%

Data:  ('PipNailer' system with slight modification) Entering trade on the 'Nailed Candle' as soon as the indicators have all changed color.

Number of 'Nailed' Candles per pair is the same as above

Total number of Winners: 20  (Taking profit)

Total number of Losers: 14  (Getting Stopped out before taking profit)

Winning percentage = 59%

The Modification:

- One has to enter a trade right away (in the proper direction of course) as soon as the candle is 'Nailed'. This of course means that the AO, AC and P-SAR all have to change to the same color at the same time from a different color (as Ash has tried to impress upon us numerous times).

- Do not wait for the candle after the 'Nailed' candle to place your trade.

- Enter the trade with a 30 PIP S/L (from the start of the 'Nailed Candle' and a 30 PIP T/P from the time of the trade.

- Results will be as noted above. 59% of the time you will be in a profit situation!

I also found that with the slight modification there could be a gain of 10 to 50 pips per trade (if you were using the 'PipNailer' exit strategy) over waiting for the candle after the 'Nailed Candle' to enter the trade.

Time permitting I will attempt to do 'visuals' on the other pairs that I have previously mentioned.

Hope this info helps out.

Goss

--- 帖子 #649 ---
Hi Tim:

I have IBFX, i think it's the same as Ash, and I don't have that PSAR change or the change on the other two indicators.  Maybe Ash couldn't enlighten.  Keep up the postings, they are quite helpful.

Jim

--- 帖子 #650 ---
Hi, Did anyone else's charts signal a long on AUD/CAD on 4/17 on 12:00 candle, going long at close of candle.  Please tell me if I'm right that was a losing trade according to the rules, no big deal, all systems lose, it's part of trading, just want to be on same page as others using IBFX. Should the SL be the close of the nailed candle or the bottom. Thanks everyone for a great forum.

Jim

--- 帖子 #651 ---
Hello Goss,

your work is very much appreciated. Thanks so much.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #652 ---
this one

--- 帖子 #653 ---
sorry wrong chart this was the only long for the day was it on the 5m or another tf

--- 帖子 #654 ---
thanks for your advice !!

cheers

kim

--- 帖子 #655 ---
thanks rorieu .....very kind of you and i appreciate it !

cheers

kim

--- 帖子 #656 ---
wondering what is it??

post the graph of it??

sonic

--- 帖子 #657 ---
See post #286

rorieu

--- 帖子 #658 ---
hello all

been trying out the dashboard today version 1.5.........can anyone tell me why the pop up messages do not always coincide with the dashboard?

also are the signals intended to be acted upon immediately at the price that pops up or is it to wait for the next candle in that timeframe?

cheers

kim

--- 帖子 #659 ---
We don't take the trade if the AO, AC or SAR change on the entry candle (after the signal candle) right?

--- 帖子 #660 ---
Read Goss's post. It states his statistical analysis. So there are alot of ways to slice this pie. Auto trading using the dashboard. Using Mp MTF on different pairs/TF's. It is ultimately up to the individual to try and try and try and evaluate what works best. Here is what I concluded.

Auto trading :

The way the EA is writtian will not win more than it loses. Maybe someone could post thier setttings and results and convince me otherwise.(Pairs and TF's)

There are alot of false positives on the dashboard and the lower M5 and M15 TF's. ALWAYS CONFIRM ALL THREE TRIGGERS

If you auto trade it get's you in to late. The Pips have come and gone.. you will get stopped out 7 of 10.

If you use alerts and manual trade:

Verify the nailed candle and get in right away(ASAP when the 3 Indies change). Alot of charts on selected pairs....up and watching.

Use M30 and above.Use S/R and price action to determine exits or some objective means which consistently works for you)

You will win consistently.

As far as set and forget. I would Forget.

Hoping someone will prove me wrong that the EA could allow me to leave on auto pilot and watch my account grow. Any thoughts appreciated.

--- 帖子 #661 ---
arr..

u mean this??

http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...&postcount=286

--- 帖子 #662 ---
Well put my friend.

--- 帖子 #663 ---
i keep seeing people get false positives on 1.5 , is there a signal problem in 1.5? I dont experience this in 1.4

--- 帖子 #664 ---
some usd/jpy 5m

--- 帖子 #665 ---
thanks raverstyle maybe i will load up that version and see

when are you supposed to actually take the trade ?

cheers

kim

--- 帖子 #666 ---
if you use 1.4 you take the trade when the alert pops up.

the alert pops up cause the candle that has met all 3 criteria for a nailed bar has closed and is now time to open a position.

what you CAN do, is under the indicator settings change 'shift signals' so that you are alerted with the PSAR changes giving you(normally) a few minutes of time to check your chart etc then you create your position on the close of that candle.

--- 帖子 #667 ---
eur/gbp

--- 帖子 #668 ---
what value RST2? 0?

--- 帖子 #669 ---
default is 1 early alert is 0

--- 帖子 #670 ---
Thanks I think it would help noticing some lagging also dropped the parabolic sar color alert after looking at your chart but it seems I had more hits without it but I could be way off but will go back to 1.4 manual for awhile where I had the most consistency. I can only trade the asian session due to work so it sometimes is like paint drying as well as the alerts dry up as well

--- 帖子 #671 ---
kimmy,,

r u trading using ozfx,imram or pip nail??

cool sista!!!

sonic

--- 帖子 #672 ---
Hi,

Have a question need to double check.

High and the Close of the "Nailed Candle". = Going Short?

Low and the Close of the "Nailed Candle". = Going Long?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #673 ---
if the psar changes from bottom to top AND the AO and AC turn red go SHORT

if the Psar changes from top to bottom AND the AO and AC turn green go

LONG

ALL AT THE SAME TIME ON THE SAME CANDLE

BOTH AC AND AO changing colors at the same time from what they BOTH were(Yes they both have to have been the same color prior to the nailed candle AO and AC changing)

You can use the standard sl 30 tp 30 or the difference between the top and bottom of the nailed candle to figure sl/tp or price action or any other way you want. Getting in is easy... it is managing the trade once you are in..... thats the difference between winning and losing. Some things to think about that require trader discretion:

What if the nailed candle is or has:a long wick showing a reversal a doji indicating a possible reversal already ran up or down more than the current trading range...has nowhere to go up against major S/R... it could go alot farther if it breaks(Take more Pips)http://www.forexfactory.com/images/icons/icon7.gif or stops and reverses abruptly opposite your positionhttp://www.forexfactory.com/images/icons/icon8.gif Now auto trading with set rules and no trader dicretion is another matter. There are many examples on the thread of nailed candle charts. Hope this helps. Happy Pipnailing - you can consistently make Pips with this

--- 帖子 #674 ---
Thanks Pipsnagger for the explaination.

I believe what u say is correct, going into the trade is easy, but getting out is hard.

Anyway, what happened to this thread, it look like it is getting quiet nowadays!

Thanks

--- 帖子 #675 ---
I don't know about the thread activity.... hope the explanation helps...I like this method because as FM states... any pair ...any time... it is an easy entry. But like any method you have to work hard for your Pips.

--- 帖子 #676 ---
ha ha sonic..i am all over the place.........but so are you so what are you using? i am using mainly ozfx signals and then using imran for entry and all for confirmation...crazy huh?

cheers

kim

--- 帖子 #677 ---
me too..chk out my templates...familiar huh??

http://i31.tinypic.com/34fljr6.jpg

Happy Hunting, sista!!!

sonic

--- 帖子 #678 ---
The entry couldn't be easier, this is what was the basis of the system.

As for exits, then you can employ different strategies.

If anyone else has any better ideas based upon testing for a better entry, I'd love to hear from you.

--- 帖子 #679 ---
Are you trading on live account? Cheer...

--- 帖子 #680 ---
why?? lookign gd??

--- 帖子 #681 ---
Notice that you have quite a number of successful. If you are on live account, perhaps can care with me which broker u are using. Thanks

--- 帖子 #682 ---
Hi, people! Could anybody provide the link to the sources of the latest PipNailer expert? Found only ex4 files and no any mq4, or I've missed them...

--- 帖子 #683 ---
Start by searching thread for Swingman and or  Hayseed that would be a start or just maybe read the thread that would be a better start

--- 帖子 #684 ---
Nailed Candle on USD/CAD, H4.

--- 帖子 #685 ---
this different broker stuff is killer. check out my usd/cad 4h, no where near nailed.

--- 帖子 #686 ---
Wooaah....  shit dude, that's way off.

--- 帖子 #687 ---
so forexmoments, are you getting a ton of good entry signals on ibfx??? i'm debating setting up a demo and then just placing the trade on my fxdd.

OR, is there something in the ao/ac indicator that can be standardized in the calculation of the colors? i'm just trying to find a way to get this data to look the same on all platforms

--- 帖子 #688 ---
Ash,

Nice catch on the US/CAD, I made my TP by one pip, lol. Was going to use ATR instead of high of nailed candle, you're right, the exit it the key with this guy.

Tim,

Definetly open up the demo, it's great to be on same page as Ash, you can use any broker to trade with.

Thanks guys, love this forum

Jim

--- 帖子 #689 ---
I don't think it can be tuned it must be the feed

--- 帖子 #690 ---
Yeah I think you're right.

--- 帖子 #691 ---
hi ash, just to check with u, do u sugest trading this system on int rate and e nfp coming up? i mean dont trade the whold day or just 30 min before and 30 min aft"?

andrew

--- 帖子 #692 ---
Nice H4 nailed candle easy Pips still moving up

--- 帖子 #693 ---
I think its safe to say FXDD is NOT the best platform for this system.

--- 帖子 #694 ---
ok so very different dashboards between fxdd LIVE ibfx DEMO. i'm hoping ibfx demo and ibfx live are the same at least :/

--- 帖子 #695 ---
Tim,

Which version of the dashboard are you using, and how's it performing?

Jim

--- 帖子 #696 ---
Did anyone else take the short on AUD/CAD on 4/27, I got stopped out.  Does anyone have any insight into what I might have done wrong, or is this just one of those trades that goes wrong, that's why they call it trading?

Jim

--- 帖子 #697 ---
there was a gpd/usd 5m i took earlier at like, 6 or so. can't upload pic now.

i'm using 1.4 and its working fine. the signal i took appeared on both ibfx demo and fxdd live.

--- 帖子 #698 ---
post  a pic bigjim, i dont see it on eitehr one

--- 帖子 #699 ---
2nd gpdusd

--- 帖子 #700 ---
yeesh i got out of that 5m trade WAY too early LOL

--- 帖子 #701 ---
nice eur/usd 15m trade on ibfx demo taken on fxdd

--- 帖子 #702 ---
gbdusd 5m on both ibfx and fxdd

--- 帖子 #703 ---
usd/cad 5m

signal on both ibfx and fxdd and taken on fxdd

--- 帖子 #704 ---
ibfx signals way better. eur/aud 15m

--- 帖子 #705 ---
rofl 2nd eur/aud this time on 5m

--- 帖子 #706 ---
eur/aud rising aud/cad falling. aud/cad 5m signal on both

--- 帖子 #707 ---
Tim:

Glad you got a IBFX Feed, easier to coordinate charts, how do you paste your pictures, they look really clear, I seem to have trouble getting mine to work.

Jim

--- 帖子 #708 ---
file save as picture active chart 800x600

--- 帖子 #709 ---
RAVER, what kind of money management do you use?

--- 帖子 #710 ---
i try to stick to the 1:1, but i move it to breakeven or at least try to capture a few points once i'm up some.

i didnt really read how to use the atr as a target profit, think i was gone that day.

--- 帖子 #711 ---
Hi! I try to calculate best MM (based on Atr21) for this nice system....

Pairs: AudUsd, NzdUsd, EurUsd, GbpUsd, GbpJpy, EurJpy, UsdJpy

From 01/01/2008:

--- 帖子 #712 ---
From 01/Apr/07: What do you think?

--- 帖子 #713 ---
Metatsock,

very impressive. What values do the #s 1 - 5 represent?

Cheers

--- 帖子 #714 ---
First Number is for SL -> 1 -> SL = atr(21)

Second Number is for TP -> 5 -> TP= Atr(21)*5

PS: I used DashBoardEquity 1.4 to calculate values........

Regards

--- 帖子 #715 ---
Where I can get info about ATR and how to use it?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #716 ---
ATR is Average True Range based on 21 periods.....It' s a toy to evaluate pair volatility

Regards

--- 帖子 #717 ---
so our TP should be 3 x ATR21 and our SL should be 5 x ATR21 ??

--- 帖子 #718 ---
Hi\ello,

I get an error message everytime when I load this indicator __ painted pip nailer.mq4 _ in ibfx.

Does anyone else get this same problem?   . ...: array to be set is of incompatable type ....

--- 帖子 #719 ---
Guys,

Can help me on that??

where can I set t setting of ATR???

thx

sonic

--- 帖子 #720 ---
This seems to be the best choose on pairs tested.....

regards

--- 帖子 #721 ---
hey 7up...... appears i've declared a couple buffers as 'int' types instead of 'double'......

originally i had several more parts to that indicator but cut them out cause they did not have any bearing on the pipnailer deal..... didn't want to confuse things...... should have taken out the now uneeded buffers also.....

it won't make the indicator any less accurate, but is a coding mistake on my part..... h

int     HighBarBuffer[];

int     LowBarBuffer[];

should be

double     HighBarBuffer[];

double     LowBarBuffer[];

--- 帖子 #722 ---
Wonder how high this will go.

--- 帖子 #723 ---
Yes, nice work. For what timeframe please?

--- 帖子 #724 ---
Using 5M to 4H.....

--- 帖子 #725 ---
eur/gbp signal on ibfx only taken on fxdd.

--- 帖子 #726 ---
Hello ash, Thank you for the Great system, and very easy to use, I went through the thread and i just love it. I have a question.

Do you still prefer trading high time period like H1 H4 Daily?

Thanks again

--- 帖子 #727 ---
Good catch mate.

--- 帖子 #728 ---
Yes that is correct Karaman.

Although you will see people on here are successfully using it on lower timeframes.

--- 帖子 #729 ---
Hello guys,

Please, clarify it to me: i.e. EURJPY, ATR=0,1156, so SL and TP would be 0,1156*5=0,578 = 57,8 in pips at the close of the nailed candle, right or not? If I'm right then ATR always changing and so SL and TP we will also change at next candle close??? I

--- 帖子 #730 ---
I was wondering, when did you enter? was it when the psar changed or the original rules which open at the open of the next candle?

--- 帖子 #731 ---
Hi!

Nice trade but isn't the psar and the ac and ao should change at the same candle?

the ac&ao changed to red one candle before psar. doenst it suppose to be critical to this system?

--- 帖子 #732 ---
if the psar changes from bottom to top AND the AO and AC turn red go SHORT

if the Psar changes from top to bottom AND the AO and AC turn green go

LONG

ALL AT THE SAME TIME ON THE SAME CANDLE

BOTH AC AND AO changing colors at the same time from what they BOTH were(Yes they both have to have been the same color prior to the nailed candle AO and AC changing)

MANY EXAMPLES OF NAILED CANDLED CHARTS ON THREAD

--- 帖子 #733 ---
check the broker stamp on bottelm left vs what i said. signal on ibfx taken on fxdd. was just showing my fxdd chart to show results.

trade was ok overall.

--- 帖子 #734 ---
Perfectly acceptable.

--- 帖子 #735 ---
I'm from Ukraine. I can't very good speak english.

I want to thank you for a very simple bat very powerfull strategy!

I want to test it too!

--- 帖子 #736 ---
##################################################################

I wish I knew what you mean - appreciate any help.

Or did I overread something - if so sorry?

--- 帖子 #737 ---
Thanks Ash, I will stick with your original rules, they are better for me because, I am less time front of the computer, and is also better for the mind, especially when goes against the direction we are. Thanks again for the great system, and for all who contributed .

Does somebody has some results with The EA? I tested it for a week and there was a lot of losses, but mostly of the lower time period, so what I did, is I change the setting of the EA to run with H1,H4,and Daily. I am sorry i can not attach the results for the small time period, because there are other trades and is a mess, but I am going to open a new demo, forward test the High time period, also in the same time i will run optimization, and post it when I have them.

Question for SwingMan:It is possible to add the weekly time frame to the EA,  and should I calculate it  in hours? I am using  Pip Nailer EA_MT_MTF_v2.1

--- 帖子 #738 ---
Ash:

Did you also get stopped out on the US/CAD long form 5/1? Thanks

Jim

--- 帖子 #739 ---
Ash,

pip nailer rules are made into a indicator form, that can be attached to a window?????

--- 帖子 #740 ---
Hello Ash!

Thank you for a very good system! Tell me, please, can I trade with this system on 4hr tf or 1d tf if my deposit is near 500 usd? Is it risky or unreal?

Just your opinion.

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #741 ---
exited with 20 did not want to leave unattended and had to leave saw bear candle and price action so took Pips. I rather take small then give back. If any one can show more wins than losses when auto trading.... PLEASE post...tried all tweaks..with all pairs... this way and that way... one way or another.... with SL and TP settings.... results always have been negative on auto. Would be glad to be proven otherwise. Always over 7 of 10 winners when manually trading m30 plus TF's

--- 帖子 #742 ---
NICE CATCH pipsnagger. sad i missed it sleeping lol. but i see the signal on ibfx and fxdd. was a sick move lol.

--- 帖子 #743 ---
there was a chf/jpy 4h trade too. singal on ibfx not on fxdd.  these 4h signals were nice

--- 帖子 #744 ---
Yea too bad I had to go. Have to stick around my monitor on the H4 hits would have been up 80 plus...on it. Sometimes the big Pipfish get's off the hook. Another worm and another cast...next

--- 帖子 #745 ---
2008.05.08 14:20:34 PipNailer DashBoard_v1.4 GBPJPY,H1: Alert: Sell USDJPY 103.79 (PipNailer DashBoard Signal_D1 14:20)

Stuck to the TP rules on this one +30. Shift signal 0 get's you in early.

--- 帖子 #746 ---
So the PSAR is default setting, how about the AO & AC values?

I load the template but no values setting for AO & AC? so it is also default?

Do we enter example a SELL when the FIRST PSAR dot appears above candle AND AO = red AND AC = red?

Or Do we enter SELL when the PSAR dot appears above (does not matter first PSAR dot or 2nd or third) AND the AO & AC = red?

--- 帖子 #747 ---
yes defaults for AO and AC see post 675 for clarification. Hope it helps. Here is a picture of the template.

--- 帖子 #748 ---
2008.05.08 23:57:09 PipNailer DashBoard_v1.4 GBPJPY,H1: Alert: Sell USDJPY 103.86 (PipNailer DashBoard Signal_D1 23:57)

Don't suggest trading this during the Asian session when it is slow but got lucky on this price movement. Normally these peter out at this time of day and 30 pips is not as reasonable of an expectation.

--- 帖子 #749 ---
pipsnagger, nice grabs. i hope you get into that usd/jpy trade you showed on your dashboard example!

--- 帖子 #750 ---
So, just for FUN AND GIGGLES! and NOT to be taken as a real modification to this system, but! check out plugging in imrans template with pipnailer. Gives a few good target profits for MM(like exiting on daily s1s2 r1r2 levels, 200 ema) and the lags are fun to look at!

Same as imrans setup, when the lags are at the top it could be time to drop and vice versa. I also look at the red lag and see where its pointing. CHeck out this usd/jpy for a full sell. and this aud/cad5m has the red lag pointing up and pipnailer buy.

--- 帖子 #751 ---
Hi SwingMan,

Thanks for the indi pipdash.... I would like to add the pair in the pipdash.

Please advise how to do it ?

Thanks n Regards,

MS

--- 帖子 #752 ---
Hey forexmoments, thanks for the nice system.

I will use this to confirm signals I get from another system I trade with, Just got a nice signal that would have been a smaller winner on the AudJpy for a short, but its always best to wait till around london open after the market opens i guess.

Anyway, Cheers swingman for the Dashboard, using v1.4. I had an idea for an indicator you guys could use, for those of you who are setting the Dashboard alert setting for ShiftSignals = 0 to get the signal early so you can have those extra few minutes to analyze things and make a better trading decision.

I've attached a indicator, credits go to Nittany1 from another forum just incase he's here for posting it originally, it just shows you on whatever timeframe you are on how many minutes and seconds left till the candle closes, so we can know exactly when to enter the market to get the best price.

Just put it into your indicators directory and fire it up, it should show up as text in the top left of your charts.

Hope someone finds this useful, it certainly helps me.

--- 帖子 #753 ---
Just change as desired make sure you have correct syntax and commas same for the EA within the editor

--- 帖子 #754 ---
Heres my chart, my first trade using this system, but i cross checked my signal across some of my other systems and price was breaking through some good resistance and looked like it was definately heading up, so i bought, made just under 80pips?!

Great trade i think. Total beauty.... EurJpy Long on the 15m

--- 帖子 #755 ---
Wo ho ho!  Excellent trade!

--- 帖子 #756 ---
I am very anxious to use this strategy but it and MT4 are both new to me so slow-I-go.  Two questions:

1. The Dashboard indicates how the 3 indicators line up on a particular pair, it does not enter the pr. automatically, right?

2. I have conflicting notes on this one and can't find the original posts: does  the AC & AO bars have to change colors from the preceding bars or just agree in color between the two (along with a PSAR reversal of course)?

Thank you for a great thread and reading it made a very rainy Sat pass quickly plus I now know my descretionary observations stink, I need a more mechanical strat. such as this.  Thank you all

--- 帖子 #757 ---
forexmoments,

yes an excellent trade, I agree. But was it a trade according to the rules.....?

Kind regards

Forex37

--- 帖子 #758 ---
if the psar changes from bottom to top AND the AO and AC turn red go SHORT

if the Psar changes from top to bottom AND the AO and AC turn green go

LONG

ALL AT THE SAME TIME ON THE SAME CANDLE

BOTH AC AND AO changing colors at the same time from what they BOTH were(Yes they both have to have been the same color prior to the nailed candle AO and AC changing)

MANY EXAMPLES OF NAILED CANDLED CHARTS ON THREAD...706,751,728....(757) made some PIPS for the gentleman but is not a nailed candle per the rules but it worked out for him. There are some false alerts on the dashboard so you will have to verify if trading manually. change shift signal to 0 on the dashboard you will get in earlier. Good Luck.

--- 帖子 #759 ---
Hey guys + Forexmoments...

Can anybody tell me wether my trade was a nailed candle or not? I had the signal from the v1.4 dashboard, waited until that candle closed. How can it not be right if the Dashboard 1.4 picked it up, the chart seems fine to me?

Can anybody expand on the trade i did and maybe explain why/how it wasn't a nailed candle IF thats the case? Im happy to learn why if i did do something wrong

MT4 im using is by Alpari just incase somebody wants to know. I had 3 other systems confirm it as a valid signal.

Thanks guys for any help

--- 帖子 #760 ---
Hi, completely new to the thread but having just read the rules, the way i read them, your trade wasn't valid - the AO and AC should change from one colour to another (red to green or green to red) as well as the PSAR switch, on the same candle, to be classed as a 'nailed' candle....so for your long in the chart you posted, the AO and AC should be changing from red to green....they were both already green, so not a nailed candle.

Pipsnagger's post# 751, is the last post of a nailed candle, for reference.

--- 帖子 #761 ---
It was just the chart you posted was not a nailed candle. If you verified on another broker and it alerted on the dashboard than you were good to go. Better to post the nailed candle chart to avoid confusion.

--- 帖子 #762 ---
hey guys,

i managed to read the thread yesterday from the beginning to the end, but i was struggling to see exactly what is a nailed candle and what is not, i couldn't differenciate properly between the two.

But thanks, I think i understand what a nailed candle is, and yeh thats right, my chart i posted was invalid even though the trade turned out to be good.

Thanks so much for the advice and help!

Cheers

--- 帖子 #763 ---
thanks to you both, I've got it now.  Loading the Dashboard will be a test for me but I'll get there.  thanks again, piprac

--- 帖子 #764 ---
usdjpy in the process of signalling long...i'll be taking this as a first test trade at the open of the next 30min bar/candle.

Edit: Long filled and i've now moved stops to breakeven. Will let this run it's course as UJ has a significant amount of resistance to deal with from here.

--- 帖子 #765 ---
Hows the progress now on the usdjpy trade?

Is it safe to do that though because of 3 high impact news releases for the USD?

--- 帖子 #766 ---
..still in with stops at breakeven now. I took the trade a couple of hours ago and will let it run it's course through the news. If a signal came within 30 mins of a 'red' data release, i would stand aside.

Edit: Using yesterday's range, i will be taking 80% of the trade off at the 1.382% fib extension (104.60) if it gets that far. Price action may well signal an earlier exit.

--- 帖子 #767 ---
80% of the trade now off for +95. A pleasing start to the testing. I'll leave the 20% runner and follow price with a fib on the developing swing, pulling up as new highs are made. An hourly close below it's 61.8% level will take the runner out.

--- 帖子 #768 ---
I've been monitoring 15 pairs on their 30mins today (i'm not using the dashboard atm) and the usdjpy short has been the only 'nailed' setup, which to my mind is a good thing, helps stamp squarely on the overtrading demon. I'm watching using ODL's MT4 feed.

--- 帖子 #769 ---
Didn't get a signal from the dashboard for going long on the 30m usdjpy, doesn't look like a valid signal according to my charts. Anybody else get this one?

Im using Alpari. Looks like you've made yourself some nice pips!

--- 帖子 #770 ---
I find it's worth having a few different MT4 feeds running...this trade being a good example why.

--- 帖子 #771 ---
ODL feed again on the 30min eurgbp...long signal pending.

Good luck if anyone takes it.

Edit: Stop moved to breakeven...don't want to give anything back at this stage of the session. It can do what it likes now. Again, i'm using a 138.2% fib extension as a target for 80% of the trade (c 0.8000).

Edit: Stop filled @ b/e.

--- 帖子 #772 ---
I haven't tried this but I can see the benefits.

--- 帖子 #773 ---
Eur/Usd H1 this morning.

--- 帖子 #774 ---
30min eurgbp long setting up for the open of next 30min bar/candle....good luck if you take it....4hr setup is setting up SHORT, so caution required.

--- 帖子 #775 ---
I'd rather avoid anything below H1 my friend.

--- 帖子 #776 ---
horses for courses...

--- 帖子 #777 ---
Look at price action, couple of Doji's indicate a reversal.

--- 帖子 #778 ---
Agreed. The 4hr short setup (which i mentioned in the post) was also a warning to be careful.

The doji's were printed after the 30min call and serve as a further warning to be cautious and tighten stops (if personal risk mngt dictates), as the trade progresses.

--- 帖子 #779 ---
Perfect Eur/Cad setup this morning.

Which I didn't take, was sleeping...

--- 帖子 #780 ---
AUD/JPY, on the Daily (from late last week).  Would have made around a hundred pips.

D1 signals are the best.

--- 帖子 #781 ---
I'd agree with this across the board, but especially on the EUR/GBP.  Treat the 30 minute like you would the 5 minute and step out from there.

--- 帖子 #782 ---
took nzd/usd and eur/jpy buy last night on 1h. made some pips. nzd wasn't the best though but eur/jpy did ok!

--- 帖子 #783 ---
Is your fib setup an EA from someplace?  I really like the looks of it and would like to set it up in the same manner if possible. p

--- 帖子 #784 ---
..here's the file for your MT4 indicators folder. If this isn't what you're referring to, let me know.

--- 帖子 #785 ---
There are no D1 setups today (as of 00:00 GMT).

--- 帖子 #786 ---
wHAT TIME FRAME IS THIS SYSTEM DESIGNED FOR?

And what are the settings for the indicators?

peace

--- 帖子 #787 ---
Please refer to first post.

--- 帖子 #788 ---
Hi Ash

please confirm is this a valid trade?

regards

--- 帖子 #789 ---
hey bigmanin..... if you use the painted pipnalier indicator  it might help in determining signals..... it should paint the bar.....h

--- 帖子 #790 ---
Hi Bigman.

This is not quite a Nailed Candle.  Remember, all three indicators have to change on the SAME candle. In the example you've shown, the AO has been red for many bars prior.

--- 帖子 #791 ---
For those of you who trade AUD/NZD. Here was a good one on H1 this afternoon.

--- 帖子 #792 ---
Hi guys,

for sometime been lurking this thread  . try look at AUD/CAD W1. if  everything ok, next week we got another pips to nail

--- 帖子 #793 ---
Hayseed

I completely agree, why don't the folks here use the excellent Painted pip nailer?

This is a totally mechanical entry method so let the PC do it.

Then switch off all the indicators Psar, AC, and AO...seeing them is no help.

In fact use Dashboard 1.5 and have PPN on above.

What do you think, Ash?

Hayseed: Please check your PMs -- thanks

--- 帖子 #794 ---
Very rare to find a W1 nailed candle.

--- 帖子 #795 ---
I Like the Concept behind your System but it still got some flaw's & iam wroking on it & trying to get rid of fake signal's.

--- 帖子 #796 ---
yeah i have the signal for aud/cad weekly too but not sure ow i feel about it. If we got an on 'early entry' we'd be down a ton of pips.

however, according to lags etc and pipnailer, we're in for a short.

--- 帖子 #797 ---
hey rorie.... got your pm...... here is the hma angle...... it calls via icustom the hull ma..... it's important the hull ma itself be named exactly HMA ...... such as the one supplied here.......  and yes, the hma is one of the least lagging ma's available.....

i'm kinda laid back and trying to trade the cutting edge is not my style so lag is not something that has ever really bothered me......

well maybe that's not entirely true...... speakin of lag...... waitin on 60 minute signals lags when compared to 5 minute signals......

this will be contrary to most views ,,,,but for me,,,, pipnailer signals seem to payout best when applied only to 5, 15 and 30 minute charts.......

there will be about 10 times as many 5 minute signals as 60 minute signals..... this increased number gives me the advantage of selectivity which increases the win/loss ratio.....

if we only take the signals , there will be plenty, that agree with the larger trend we will miss many of those loosers..... however a couple adjustments need to be made such as, lot size needs to be reduced and both stoploss and profittargets need to be raised...... again, this is contrary to most views.....

signals are nothing more than motivators..... the market is always moving so waiting for days for motivation might not be using the markets movement or pipnailer signals to their fullest.....

maybe i'm impatiently laid back.......h

--- 帖子 #798 ---
is anyone taking the aud/cad short on the weekly?

--- 帖子 #799 ---
I'll make my mind up tomorrow evening.

--- 帖子 #800 ---
Whatever makes our lives easier Hayseed.

--- 帖子 #801 ---
I would exercise caution on taking a short here.  Price action is against us, there is a long tail on the Weekly.

--- 帖子 #802 ---
Hi Hayseed

Thanks for the indicators and thoughts. A bit more explanation would be good "however a couple adjustments need to be made such as, lot size needs to be reduced and both stoploss and profittargets need to be raised..." ??

How are you doing with PipNailer, win/loss ratios, no of pairs,etc.

Is it successful for you?

I'll try the HMA angle next week but at first glance it still seems to have more lag than I'd expect; the high/lows don't line up too well with the crossovers - we'll see.

Also, do you have the HMA that changes color at the hi/los and gives an alert?

thanks again

R

--- 帖子 #803 ---
hey rorie.... been runing a pipnailer ea version of some sort since the one posted january 10th, post 58...... that ea is not the version i use, mine is somewhat extreme and i've changed ash's rules .....

my preference is the eurusd due to its volume of signals and stability of trend..... i've rewritten the ea many many times over the past months so there is no way to say for sure but win/loss is probably above 70% overall..... the first month it got beat up pretty bad and lately it's been having it tough also.....

reasons for adjustments........

i prefer to take every signal that passes the ea's test..... this is the most stable plan.... there might be 10 times as many 5 minute signals as 60 minute so the lot size must be reduced.... when taking all 5, 15 and 30 minute signals you have alot of trades open at a time.....

hayseeds bleed easy, so the ea will only open trades in complete sync with the larger trend..... if we look at the average weekly range, and maybe set our profit targets at 1/2 that, the odds of success are quite high.....

there can still be a lot of +/- swing so 1/3 the daily range as a stoploss seems quite reasonable..... if we get taken out, odds are very high another signal will be along shortly so we'll be right back in possibly at a better price....

so it ends up being something like a realistic 300 profittarget with 90 stoploss on a 0.02 or greater size lot..... keep in mind there will be a whole pack of open orders at a time..... so that small lookin lot size adds up quick.....

most orders never hit that 300 tp, the ea will close them all once total profit hits a certain value, say like 1000..... as example if 10 open orders have 100 pips each, they all will be closed, or 20 orders with 50 pips, so on...... there is far more to it than that, but that's the general idea.....h

--- 帖子 #804 ---
Raver did you take this? You would have made some very nice pips.

--- 帖子 #805 ---
Just curious. How frequently do we get this signal on D1 time frame, when you scan  across all the pairs.

Thanks

TS

--- 帖子 #806 ---
i see a daily at least once a week, and quite a few 4hs. only have seen one weekly, which forexmoments, i did not take   i should have, like i said lags agreed. and it woulda been damn nice   but i've never watched one play out so i had to sit on the sidelines.

--- 帖子 #807 ---
Perfect setup on USD/CAD yesterday morning on H1.

Easy 30 pips.

--- 帖子 #808 ---
I tried adding AUD / NZD to watch list by putting a ,AUDNZD to the second list but it did not get included in the dashboard.

Is there a way to go about this.

Thanks

TS

--- 帖子 #809 ---
Swingman is the programmer, maybe you can send him a PM.

--- 帖子 #810 ---
Hi TradeStar:

Simply open your dashboard file in MetaEditor and add AUDNZD in the line of the program that begins with PairList1 = "AUDCAD,AUDJPY,AUDNZD,...........

Then click 'Compile' on the top panel and you are done and the pair will show up on the dashboard provided your broker offers it.

PS: Thanks for a great system Ash and thanks for the dashboard SwingMan.

________________________________________________________________

I tried adding AUD / NZD to watch list by putting a ,AUDNZD to the second list but it did not get included in the dashboard.

Is there a way to go about this.

Thanks

TS[/quote]

--- 帖子 #811 ---
Thanks Raju, It worked.

Ash,

Thanks for the system. Looks like we would still need some discretion  after getting the signal.  Like, for instance, if the nailed candle has a long wick or the pair has been ranging for while, etc.,   What is your experience and further fine tuning in selection of signals.

Thanks

TS

[/quote]

--- 帖子 #812 ---
eur/jpy signal was on ibfx and fxdd 15m AND 30m at same time! Lags were saying lets go down.

--- 帖子 #813 ---
I have recently come across this thread and went through all the posts last night. A lot of effort has been dedicated towards ‘full’ automation.

For traders who prefer to trade manually and wished to ride the entire trend with SAR, it might be worthwhile to have a simple EA that will:

1) Set a Target at a ratio of 1:1 or 1:1.5 or 1:2, whatever may be the selection

2) Sets a Stop Loss at the point marked by P-SARS plus or minus the spread, immediately after a Market Order is entered manually upon the completion of a candle as displayed on SwingMan’s dashboard

3) Move Stop Loss to a new P-SARS level upon completion of a candle and

4) Should the previous candle consist of an opposite colored Heiken-Ashi bar, as per rathcoole’s post 194, Stop Loss may remain the same and only move once the Heiken-Ashi candle’s color resumes to that consistent with the trade direction until Target is reached.

This way the trade is virtually automated right from the point of a manual Market Entry.

Raju

--- 帖子 #814 ---
An additional filter might be neccessary to avoid signals that may not have the capability to reach 1:1 profit ratio if using SAR to exit as seen in the attached EURCAD daily chart. Else a defence mechanism might have to be built-in into the system such as moving Stop Loss at breakeven after a certain profit.

Raju

[/quote]

--- 帖子 #815 ---
Hi All

does any one have the pipnailer ea mtf v2.1.mq4 or later i found the ex4 version but i want to access the code to try and do some mods of my own. If anyone does have could u please post thanks.

Thnx in advance

shaker

--- 帖子 #816 ---
I believe all the versions that swingman put out were compiled already. Check the Paper Clip upper right if not... try PM to swingman he has not been around the thread for awhile

--- 帖子 #817 ---
Wooah, that must have taken you a while, in just 1 night.

Thanks for your contribution.

--- 帖子 #818 ---
Currently, what signal u use? I see a lot of version. what the latest? Counld you name it. I'll choose from the clip later..

--- 帖子 #819 ---
1.5 is the latest version.

--- 帖子 #820 ---
Where can i get that new version....

I'm have been outta the loop...

--- 帖子 #821 ---
Hey everyone,

Just went through the entire thread, and noticed something interesting from Goss.

Are Posts #650 and #548 supposed to be the same? Because they show drastic differences in test results from each other.

Goss, do you still have your spreadsheet?

--- 帖子 #822 ---
try paperclip upper right posted by swingman

--- 帖子 #823 ---
Goss posted information about two different test series.

One question I have though:  what would happen to the system if you not just tried to find a global optimum ATR-based SL and PT, but instead tried to find such optimal settings for each individual cross?  You'd probably have to use time series that go back quit a while to not end up with an over fitted solution, but it might be worth the research.

cheers

Ohka

--- 帖子 #824 ---
in one of the numerous prior entries,  Ash asked: "If anyone else has any better ideas based upon testing for a better entry, I'd love to hear from you."
I think I have:1 - if the size of the nailed candle is smaller than the spread + your minimum profit target, don't take it. 2 - if STOCH(5,3,3) is going against the nailed candle signal WAIT until STOCH reverses direction. Ratio for (1):

if the nailed candle is smaller than the spread + your minimum profit target, this system will set the stops far too tight and you will very likely be kicked out too quickly.  Adding this filter will reduce the number of such occurrences.

Ratio for (2):

How often have you noticed these little retracements during the first 5 - 8 bars after a nailed candle?  In most of these events, STOCH(5,3,3) is actually going against the signal, only to reverse a couple of bars later.  If you wait for this STOCH reversal, you'll be able to get a significant part of that retracement as well, i.e. your entries will be better.

The combination of these two extra requirements will keep you out of most of the otherwise bad trades.

That's interesting and worthwhile in itself, but do you want to know where the real benefit is?  Read on:

As soon as you manage to achieve a higher ratio of pinpointed entries, you'll be able to tighten the SL without adverse effect.  Now, if that is true, your position sizing could also be tweaked a bit to your advantage.  And this is where the real benefit comes from:  through these measures, without increasing risk, you can increase your leverage somewhat. Think about it...

Enjoy!

Ohka

--- 帖子 #825 ---
hey thanks allot pipsnagger

lets try this

...i jus did try it....

how do i set it up on interbankfx?

i tried dragging it on the chart and i jus saw something about time periods....

How do i setup this indicator

--- 帖子 #826 ---
For traders who are visual, I am introducing an indicator with an objective of ‘damage control’ in an event of a reversal prior to reaching a desired profit ratio target. It shows an arrow in the direction opposite to the trade as a sign to exit. This indicator repaints and so there are chances of premature exits and can only be useful as an entry signal if used in conjunction with Pip Nailer’s entry rules.

--- 帖子 #827 ---
ok so you turn alerts on...... it will beep and a pop up will display the hits....suggest set shift signal to 0 since it gets you in earlier....you can alert on whatever time periods you want and the pairs you want it or just leave the defaults and play with it for awhile. There is a lot of choices for you as to how you want to trade this. If you feel inclined you can let the EA go on auto and play with the settings to optimize...myself I like 1.4 dashboard manually and confirm the nailed candle on m30 and above good luck...you can consistently make Pips with this method but as with all methods it is not the holy grail...there is no such thing... you still have to keep in mind support and resistance, stops and your exits...but it is an easy entry with high win loss ratio if managed prudently good luck...thanks..ASH, HAYSEED,RST2,Swingman, GOSS and everyone else who helped with input and different ideas on this great method...

--- 帖子 #828 ---
Thanks for the observations Okha, it's something I would recommend.

--- 帖子 #829 ---
this could be incorporated into the EA either as a stoch confirmation (really just adding another indictaor that needs to be "lined up") or simply allowing a limit order rather than instant market entry.

regards to all, nice thread.

--- 帖子 #830 ---
thanks for your system, i looks good, i will test it.

thanks again.

--- 帖子 #831 ---
When you use my additions/modifications, a limit order can only be used if you know how large the retracement is going to be.

--- 帖子 #832 ---
Good catch this morning...

--- 帖子 #833 ---
Thanks Ash again for this system. I have been trading it live from 17th April. been trading this system with 17 pairs accross 8 time frames. thats 136 charts using e dashboard.

all the original rules were followed, but i did not take trades with low profit target like 2-5 pips and if the profit level was not more than double of the spread, i did not take it.

attached is the live trades i took, with real emotions. let me try to explain the file as best as i can.

t.no: trade number

m.no: monthly trade number

d.no: daily trade number

time frame: the time frame where the sig came from

p&L: profit or loss

total p&l: total profit / loss for the current mth

notes: how the trade was closed.

-pl hit: profit level hit

-sl hit : stoploss hit

-closed: i manually closed the position for reasons like i did

not like the cht formation, important news coming out,

stuff like tat.

daily total: the P&l made for that current day

mthly total: that mths p&l total

t.p. daily total: if i did not close the trade myself, and excluding slippges,

but including spreads. this is a daily count.

t.p. mthly total: if i did not close the trade myself, and excluding slippges,

but including spreads. this is a ,mthly count.

let me know wat u guys think, and with this performance report / trade logs, is this a good system to follor or should the original rules be changed or left the same. pls Ash, comment too if u can.

andrew

pls note e file is a open sorce doc

--- 帖子 #834 ---
Thanks Ince,

Taking a glance at your trade log, I don't think there's been enough time to evaluate the system as a whole however some things are obvious. I think this confirms what myself and others have said before, that it is probably best to stay away from the smaller 5 minute timeframe atleast. I trade 30 minute and up.

Take a look at the ratio between what was earned per timeframe and the amount of spread paid for all of the trades. As we increase the timeframe the ratio gets smaller. The 4hr is the only one not in line, however you've only had 6 trades on the 4hr. If this continued into the week chart I bet you would find more correlation. I went down the list and plugged in normal spreads for the 5 minute ones and the list averaged to 5.6 pips per trade, so I just multiplied by 5 for all of them.

5 Minute: -21.40 pips/earned 320 pips paid in spread

15 Minute: 88.90 pips/earned 280 pips paid in spread

30 Minute: 221.9 pips/earned 155 pips paid in spread

60 Minute: 183.70 pips/earned 90 pips paid in spread

4hr: -80.10 pips/earned 30 pips paid in spread

--- 帖子 #835 ---
You're most welcome. Thanks for testing the system. Remember this system is by no means perfect, and we need more people like you to continue testing. Again, my sincere appreciation to everyone who has tested, continues to test, observe, and provide constructive criticism and feedback.

Excellent decision. Okha, also informed this to me in a private message, and I totally agree. Smaller timeframes yield a relatively crap spread ratio, and sometimes the pips accumlulated are hardly worth the effort.  In fact, I am going to update the first post to accomodate for this glaringly obvious ommission when I first introduced the system.

--- 帖子 #836 ---
I just tried to open the file, which program do I associate with it?

--- 帖子 #837 ---
Open Office opens it.

--- 帖子 #838 ---
Cheers Vensik

--- 帖子 #839 ---
Above rule is now an official part of the system (on first post).

--- 帖子 #840 ---
Can you please explain this a little more. I can set TP as much as I want, so how are you calculating TP based on when the trade is placed? What denotes your TP value during time of signal for you to compare to the spread in the first place?

Thank you

--- 帖子 #841 ---
I'm riding the USD/JPY H1 short signal from this morning

--- 帖子 #842 ---
the base system, as documented in post #1, suggests to exit on the high/low of the nailed candle.  So, when getting perfect entries, the PT would be the size of the nailed candle, which is the distance where you would place your stops at.

The added rule specifies that if the size of the nailed candle is so small that the stops would be placed too close, that in this case you should not take the trade.  As a rule of thumb, ForexMoments specified to use twice the current spread as a measure whether there's enough to be had from entering a position.  If not, let it go.

You might also want to re-read my original post on this subject, as it documents another observation I made:
http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...&postcount=827

cheers

Ohka

--- 帖子 #843 ---
Yet another of my observations that caused me to tighten up my filters:don't enter a position when the BollingerBands are converging.
I don't want to get caught with significantly decreasing volatility, as the direction of price action during a new period of increasing volatility further down the line cannot be predicted - at least I can't...

Ohka

--- 帖子 #844 ---
OK, I get it know thanks. I'm going to do an EA for this on the weekend to try the system out.

--- 帖子 #845 ---
Thanks for explaining Okha.

--- 帖子 #846 ---
Did anyone take this Guppy signal on H1 yesterday?  Would have been good for 50 pips.

--- 帖子 #847 ---
if you guys see any signals on H1 or H4 please let me know, i watch this thread regularly

--- 帖子 #848 ---
I've noted that the above filter might sometimes be a bit too restrictive, so I'm now investigating two other things to the same effect:- only enter a position when ATR is increasing, and/or
- only enter a position when the nailed candle is significantly larger than the two preceeding candles.
both rules try to limit entries to situations where a rising volatility is increasing the odds for a good trade.  Has anyone of you tried similar approaches to filter out potentially bad trades? I'd like to learn from your experiences. What works, what doesn't ?

cheers,

Ohka

--- 帖子 #849 ---
9c trade system. How do you handle overbougt and oversold conditions?

Regards

Tolu

--- 帖子 #850 ---
Volatility makes a decent filter but keep in mind that whiplash tends to be behind high volatility.

--- 帖子 #851 ---
GBP/CHF Nailed H1.

--- 帖子 #852 ---
Dear Ash,

Thanks a lot for "Pip Nailer" and "Bouncing Pip" threads.

I just joined a week back and have got installed both the signals into my Demo account.

I am following the "Bouncing Pip" very closely ...

Thanks a lot and Hats off to you....Plz keep up the good work going on ..

Cheers

--- 帖子 #853 ---
hi ,can u explain some of this... i'm using TF M15, on EUR/CHF

--- 帖子 #854 ---
"Also" sprach Ohka, "there's nothing to explain, it's just not a nailed candle.  First read the document in post #1, or thoroughly re-read it in case you read it already"

--- 帖子 #855 ---
True, and this is an example of where some discretion is needed by the trader.

--- 帖子 #856 ---
swingman, what does this dashboard trying to tell us? your 1st dashboard which tell the direction is best - clear and very good ( 1.4) this one make me confuse. please explain, if it is not burdening you

--- 帖子 #857 ---
Swingman hasn't been on this board for a few weeks now.

--- 帖子 #858 ---
if you see any H4 or D1 nailed signals in the making please post them here

--- 帖子 #859 ---
Only one I found over 17 most common pairs:

http://i47.photobucket.com/albums/f2...djpynailed.gif

--- 帖子 #860 ---
USD/CHF, H1, couple of hours ago.

--- 帖子 #861 ---
OzFX signal also shows a short on CADJPY daily

--- 帖子 #862 ---
Because OzFX also adheres partly to Bill Williams.

--- 帖子 #863 ---
AUD/JPY Nailed, H1.  Two signals in 2 days.

--- 帖子 #864 ---
what i can say with this system is WOW!

i'm going to fwd live test with this system....VERY EASY! and good to add pip to my accounts....

forexmoments.......just wanna know from your experience......

1. what is the winning percentage of this system?

2. are you using swingman dashboard v1.4 for monitoring the trade and then go to the chart for confirmation?

3. i believe you still maintain the configuration parameter for PSAR as in post #1 isnt it (0.02,0.2)?

4. where re you coming from forexmoments?......

i m from Malaysia.

bujal38

--- 帖子 #865 ---
Thanks for your compliments dude.  Look forward to your forward tests.

Winning percentage is very subjective, but 60% is looking good.  But NOT on the lower timeframes.  H1 and above.

--- 帖子 #866 ---
Make that 3 signals in 3 days.  Not bad going.

--- 帖子 #867 ---
just demo it...

but i dont know wheter this going to be a winner or a loser....

because it is very simple......i just got into it.....

forexmoments....are you trade real money with this strategy?

up to today, i dont know what lies behind the PSAR.....what actually it try to shows?

2 signal... audusd n chfjpy - both is sell (tf 1hr)

--- 帖子 #868 ---
hi,

I have just started to look at this system. No doubt it is a good system. I have been looking thru on how the indicators change as time changes. I have been looking at a couple of pairs too. I am no programmer, but if someone could program it into an EA it would be good.

Is it possible to program for the EA to initiate a position based on the Parabolic SAR direction after confirmation of the direction.There could only be 6 possibilities. Example:-

PSAR turns from buy to sell, AC turns from green to red and AO is green/red.

PSAR turns from buy to sell, AC is green/red and AO turns from green to red.

PSAR turns from buy to sell, AC turns from green to red and AO turns from green to red.

PSAR turns from sell to buy, AC is turns from red to green and AO is red/green.

PSAR turns from sell to buy, AC is red/green and AO turns from red to green.

PSAR turns from sell to buy, AC turns from red to green and AO turns from red to green.

Leave the Lots, stop loss, take profit points, trailing stop all as variables tht the user can change according to their style.

Need not have any money management or risk etc.

Indirectly the system will initiate a position based on the PSAR with the confirmation of at least 1 of the other 2 indicators. And of course the position will be initiated at the opening price after the confirmation bar of the PSAR with the indicator.

This way i see will work in small targets, example:- GBP/Yen=50 pips, USD/CHF=30 pips, GBP/USD=40 pips, Eur/USD=30 pips etc.

This way is not refined yet as I am still monitoring.I am no programmer, but does anyone here able to program it? Appreciate it much.TQ in advance.

--- 帖子 #869 ---
both hit SL

--- 帖子 #870 ---
System also worked on NFP.

--- 帖子 #871 ---
Here

On another note: how are you all exiting your positions? Are you all using the recommended high/low? Fixed TP/SL? Trailing Stop? ATR-based stop?

--- 帖子 #872 ---
Hi,

Thank you very much for the EA.I will be testing it from next week onwards on a demo. I am not using the recomended exit strategy as I see there may be few signals in a sense. Using the method I mentioned above on entering into a trade, I noticed there are higher chances of exiting with a profit, though small but it is more frequent. I am using fixed TP and S/L and TSL.I give an example:-

EUR/USD

tp is set at 25-30 pips.

sl is set at 30 pips.

tsl is set at 20 pips.

No doubt there would be losing trades using this way, but higher chances of winning round the clock.

Some ways to reduce the lost would be only running the EA only on certain time range, example 2pm-12am (GMT +8).

I would suggest to use this method also if possible with a broker with low spreads.

Also, small fixed lots are suggested to be used to reduce the risk.

P.S. forexmoments, credits should go to you also for giving an insight on the actual method to use these indicators together, as frankly I have nvr use them before.

--- 帖子 #873 ---
Ronald,

May I know what are these for? In the sense, what do they do?

extern bool MoveStopOnce = False;

extern int MoveStopWhenPrice = 50;

extern int MoveStopTo = 1;

extern bool CloseOnOppositeSignal = True;

TQ.

--- 帖子 #874 ---
Answers in bold

Using the default as an example:

When the price hits 50 pips profit, the stoploss will be moved to BE + 1 assuming that this stoploss is a tighter stoploss than the existing stoploss.

--- 帖子 #875 ---
In backtest this EA does not open a trade.  Why is that?

--- 帖子 #876 ---
You should check your parameters more often. =D

I purposely set the lot size to 0 to prevent people like you from blindly putting my EAs on charts or backtests and  eventually blaming me for blowing up your account.

--- 帖子 #877 ---
You should check ea more often.  I set the lots to 1 and it still opens no trades

--- 帖子 #878 ---
Check again. I downloaded the EA and it ran properly.

Are there any error messages in the journal?

--- 帖子 #879 ---
Ronald,

Do it Manage like OzFX??

Tp 0.1 @50 pips

another 0.1 @100pips

sonic

--- 帖子 #880 ---
This is only error message:  2008.06.07 09:02:18 TestGenerator: unmatched data error (volume limit 1213 at 2008.05.15 14:00 exceeded)

No matter what settings I use it does not open any trades

--- 帖子 #881 ---
No. It manages one trade at a time.

Try redownloading and recompiling the EA. Because it's opening trades for me.

--- 帖子 #882 ---
I did that and still no trades

--- 帖子 #883 ---
I don't know what the problem is Steve, but it's definitely not at my end.

Here is a re-uploaded version of the EA. Try this one, if it doesn't work at all, then I may need to have a look at your setup through CrossLoop

www.CrossLoop.com is a remote control service which allows me to use your computer remotely with you watching so you can see what I do.

--- 帖子 #884 ---
Not sure if you realized but when you enable MoveStopOnce, it doesn't allow the Trailing Stop to work properly. I tested with two identical setups and had both enabled and checked the report, MSO moved Stop but then TS didn't continue modifying the order. When I disabled MSO then I checked and TS did modify the order multiple times properly. Can this be fixed?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #885 ---
The way TS works is that it moves based on total profit not the existing stoploss' position. If the proposed new stop as a result of the TS is not tighter than the existing stoploss, the the stoploss will be moved.

--- 帖子 #886 ---
This is how my settings were.

I set MoveStopOnce = 10 MoveStopTo = 1  Trailing Stop = 25

Now once +10pip profit was reached Stop was moved to +1, now when price moved to 25 and 50 pips profit the stop wasn't moved. Why did Stop not get moved with TS?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #887 ---
Was use trailing stop set to true?

--- 帖子 #888 ---
Yes

--- 帖子 #889 ---
Nevermind, It's working now  Maybe I had something wrong.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #890 ---
anyone taking the aud/cad weekly signal?

--- 帖子 #891 ---
Hi Everyone,

Great thread...Just wanted to thank Ask and everyone else for all the great work on this system....I will start demo tomorrow...

--- 帖子 #892 ---
Looks like pipnailer2 placed a trade that didn't meet the requirements ??

--- 帖子 #893 ---
Ronald, the EA you gave refuse to run..Any idea why..in my log it states this==> 2008.06.09 02:32:17 Pipnailer2 GBPJPY,H1 inputs: Remark1="== Main Settings =="; MagicNumber=0; SignalMail=false; EachTickMode=false; Lots=0.1; Slippage=1; UseStopLoss=true; StopLoss=45; UseTakeProfit=true; TakeProfit=40; UseTrailingStop=true; TrailingStop=30; MoveStopOnce=false; MoveStopWhenPrice=50; MoveStopTo=1; CloseOnOppositeSignal=true;

--- 帖子 #894 ---
Pipnailer2 follows these criteria:

PSAR turns from buy to sell, AC turns from green to red and AO is green/red.

PSAR turns from buy to sell, AC is green/red and AO turns from green to red.

PSAR turns from buy to sell, AC turns from green to red and AO turns from green to red.

PSAR turns from sell to buy, AC is turns from red to green and AO is red/green.

PSAR turns from sell to buy, AC is red/green and AO turns from red to green.

PSAR turns from sell to buy, AC turns from red to green and AO turns from red to green.

Did I miss something?

I don't see an error message in that log.

--- 帖子 #895 ---
I thought I was following this thread pretty closely; would someone post the Post # of Pipnailer/2 pls?  I can wade through all of them but 60 pages is a lot of wading. p.

--- 帖子 #896 ---
click on the paperclip in the upper right corner of this page. It'll show all the attachments.

--- 帖子 #897 ---
just nailed this candle on the 5-min EUR/USD....

B.t.w:  these are the nailed candles I like best: those that signal an entry in the direction of the trend...

--- 帖子 #898 ---
exactly...but no trades are opened when criterias met...not in one pair but all the charts tht i placed it in..

--- 帖子 #899 ---
Try downloading the re-uploaded version (most recent pipnailer2 download).

Don't forget to recompile the file.

--- 帖子 #900 ---
Oh, ok, I remember seeing that chart before. I forgot that the rules changed from the original system and all three don't have to change at the exact same time.

--- 帖子 #901 ---
where does it say that?

--- 帖子 #902 ---
Another of my today's nailed candles, this time EURGPB:

--- 帖子 #903 ---
The rules never officially changed, that was just a suggestion, the goal of which was to generate more signals. Personally, I'd just take the original system and deploy it against several pairs instead of crippling it.

--- 帖子 #904 ---
I didn't mean forexmoments changed the rules, just member suggestions for Pipnailer2 changed the original forexmoments rules. No big deal, I'll test it.

--- 帖子 #905 ---
True that

--- 帖子 #906 ---
ok, so I didn't miss a major change   Incidentally, deploying it against multiple pairs is exactly what I do...

cheers

Ohka

--- 帖子 #907 ---
Ronald now it runs perfectly..  Thanx...

--- 帖子 #908 ---
dashboard is beautifully programmed Im guessing the expert for this isnt posted in mq4 because it uses libraries

but id love to see the code I'd love to see ithe code

--- 帖子 #909 ---
Ronald,

Thanks for the EA.

Does that EA initiate a trade for which time frames.

I guess M30,H1,H4,D1,W1,MN would be great.

Is it possible to select the timeframes ? Can you please make an EA with this updates....

Cheers

--- 帖子 #910 ---
First I wanted to thank Ash, Swingman, Ronald and all other contributors for working on and sharing their knowlegde! I like the simplicity of this system - thank you so much for sharing this with us Ash! I'm reading this thread for a week now and finally got through it - great stuff to read!!!!

Is the new EA properly working? Has somebody tested it? It doesn't take multiple orders / multiple timeframes, right? Is it planned to come? Couldn't get the EA from Swingman to run - I think I have wrong settings - it's not taking orders at all.

Have someone tested the two systems yet? Any backtesting / forward testing results?

Cheers,

M

--- 帖子 #911 ---
my lil expert

it is triggered by attached indicator RWI

green above 2.5 then buy

red above 2.5 sell

then it checks psar,ao,ac all in correct direction

at 0.20 it trades for $25.00 profit and closes

if you like and want a wage  change lots to 2.0 then profit to $250/trade

it will add trades and hedge on its mood

the only differences from the rules are

it only checks psar is below(buy) and above(sell)

not a swap on the spars

this gave more trades on longer trends

--- 帖子 #912 ---
oh the tsts were on 1 hour charts

usdjpy and usdchf are nice real nice

eurusd is good

havent done a test on gbpusd yet

--- 帖子 #913 ---
Ash,

Thanks a lot for this system.

Lot of participation day by day....

Can you please share with us the Pairs which you use to watch the signals for ??

We can Post the graphs once anybody finds an entry !!

Cheers

--- 帖子 #914 ---
Whilst I was programming AO and AC for IQ-Trader and continued with the signal generation code (and always being on the lookout to weed out potential bad trades...) I noticed the following:

When I: take long signals only when AC is below zero or just turned positive the prior bar...  take short signals only when AC is above zero or just turned negative the prior bar... most if not all of the bad trades disappear.  AO (being the difference between two SMA's) is nothing more than an elaborate momentum indicator, AC is just a 5-period SMA of AO.  It makes sense to not take long signals if momentum is high already (AC > 0), better wait  for momentum to turn from negative to positive (for long entries).

Granted, this filter rejects quite a number of potentially good trades, so you could use this information also in another way:  if the above conditions are not met for an otherwise good entry signal, either reduce your position size, reduce your profit target, or reduce both... Another way to cope with the fewer signals that are being generated this way is to monitor a larger number of pairs...

Heck, with automation, you can do all of the above...

I'm very curious what you guys/gals think about this, any feedback appreciated.

enjoy

Ohka

--- 帖子 #915 ---
Some things to think about: AO, being the difference between two SMA's (5 & 34), is just a  momentum indicator; AC is merely a 5-period SMA of AO.  Both indicators give a momentum derived value, which depends on the absolute price value of the underlying and its volatility.  Using the output of both indicators is tricky in systems that need to accommodate wildly differing price levels, as is the case in Forex. You might want to consider normalising AO & AC output to a percentage of ATR and work with these normalised values.  Another thing you might want to try is this:  AO & AC, as we have seen, depend on SMA's, which invariably creates signals with some lag.  Especially the delay caused by the SMA(34)-part of AO is significant. Replacing the SMA's with their 'noLag' counterparts will make your systems a bit more responsive.  Trading ranges are bothering you?  What about using AO and AC to confirm that one exists? If both are hovering around the zero-line (you have to determine the bandwidth around it yourself...  ) you're in a trading range allright... Just some things to consider...

Ohka

--- 帖子 #916 ---
$3000 with jpy saved from meta 4 as a doc file so i can upload here

max drawdown ( youll see it when you run the expert in visible mode at the top left

was $1800

a bit high but at 2 lots not bad

--- 帖子 #917 ---
CHF made better profit because it found more trades

--- 帖子 #918 ---
Hey Perky, thanks a lot for your new EA, I'll try it out later today. Seems that this thread is going on and going on  Many thanks to everybody! Does it buy multiple pairs or just for the one you drag it on?

--- 帖子 #919 ---
no it noyt multi currency

you have to load it on each chart

if it shows promise id like to make it that way

remember to change the Magic parameter for each currency

other wise it will close wrong trades

--- 帖子 #920 ---
My EA is timeframe independent. It basically means that it uses the timeframe of the chart you attach it to.

--- 帖子 #921 ---
Ronald,

There is an error in the EA opening trades. Attached is the chart of cable. The trade should not have opened if you refer to the supposed rules, any idea whats wrong? It also happened earlier today in u/j when it initiated a sell position when it wasn't supposed to.

--- 帖子 #922 ---
Was eachtickmode set to false? Because it looks like it's just one bar behind the PSAR change.

--- 帖子 #923 ---
EUR/JPY 30min, got in quickly and closed it at the EMA60.  I didn't want to stretch it any further, as it was a counter trend trade.

Cheers,

Ohka

--- 帖子 #924 ---
yes, it is...Is tht the problem?

--- 帖子 #925 ---
Possibly.

--- 帖子 #926 ---
ok i just checked, the each tick mode i set for u/j was actually true and the error occured and for cable i set it as false and also the error occured..

--- 帖子 #927 ---
HI guys,

this is a report on my live trades made until the end of last mth. will keep u guys updated.

let me know wat u think thanks u guys.

Andrew

--- 帖子 #928 ---
I re-went through the rules again and here's what I found:

The PSAR and EITHER AC or AO needs to change. And both AC and AO need to agree in color.

I have changed the code to reflect that.

--- 帖子 #929 ---
The AC and AO need to change at the same bar with the PSAR also changing is the third rule for both buy and sell.

But for rule 1 and 2, the PSAR needs to change in the same bar together with either change of AC or change of AO for both buy and sell.(AC and AO could agree/disagree on the colour, because if both agree means it is rule 3)

--- 帖子 #930 ---
I was pretty bored, so I coded an EA which only follows the entry criteria for the original system, and an EA which follows the high/low spread limit modification.

For Pipnailer Original:

The spread multiple is how many times greater than the spread the minimum TP/SL needs to be.

You can override the stoploss by setting UseSpreadMultiple to False and UseStopLoss to true.

--- 帖子 #931 ---
Here are the rules I tried to follow with that Pipnailer2 EA.

Inserted Code PSAR turns from buy to sell, AC turns from green to red and AO is green/red.
PSAR turns from buy to sell, AC is green/red and AO turns from green to red.
PSAR turns from buy to sell, AC turns from green to red and AO turns from green to red.
PSAR turns from sell to buy, AC is turns from red to green and AO is red/green.
PSAR turns from sell to buy, AC is red/green and AO turns from red to green.
PSAR turns from sell to buy, AC turns from red to green and AO turns from red to green.

All of those scenarios are covered...

--- 帖子 #932 ---
hmmm...its weird then why the trades execute wrongly..

--- 帖子 #933 ---
hi ronald

could u post the latest pipnailer2 in mq4

--- 帖子 #934 ---
Ronald,

Again just now it opened a trade wrongly in the cable. the AC and AO didn't just changed but only the PSAR changed, but because the AO and AC is same colour(it did not change from red to green), the trade opened..

In fact AC or AO or both AC and AO must change from red to green at the same bar for the trade to be executed.

--- 帖子 #935 ---
Ronald,

I just let the EA run and discovered this ....

A few mins back there was a BUY signal in EURJPY M30 @ 166.56 (Manually I saw) but the EA didn't trigger a BUY.

It shorted EURJPY @ 166.49.

Hope it helps .... Cheers

--- 帖子 #936 ---
Just a couple of minutes ago, I was able to again do a counter trend trade by using a nailed bar as an entry signal.

Some of you may have noticed that I also keep (part of) Imran's system on my charts.  I find that success probability is increased when there is confluence between these two entry signal methods.

--- 帖子 #937 ---
USD/JPY 1Hr signalled a short just a couple of minutes ago...

--- 帖子 #938 ---
Attached

I reworked the code so it looks for one color change, and matching color.

Which EA?

--- 帖子 #939 ---
USD/JPY Nailed today, H1.

--- 帖子 #940 ---
Indeed, see my post #941....  Glad you took it as well.

Ohka

--- 帖子 #941 ---
The problem is this system doesn't really make most of the trend, still looking into this.

--- 帖子 #942 ---
any ideas you're currently working on?  For now, I use Imran's system to keep me in trends (see chart above), but that's not all that solid either...

I feel the entries need tweaking as well, as most of the time a rather solid retracement catches you on the wrong foot...  Waiting for MACD direction to reverse to the signal direction is one such filter, but I'd rather have something that works better...

--- 帖子 #943 ---
Yeah I was looking into MACD as well, but haven't really noticed a marked improvement.  I haven't had much time recently looking into tweaking Pip Nailer, because I've been busy in working on my latest system (which I'll be releasing to the public soon). Pip Nailer is still a very good basic system, but it does have it's flaws, as you mentioned.

--- 帖子 #944 ---
Thanks a lot. Eagerly waiting for the latest offering from you ...

Cheers

--- 帖子 #945 ---
Hehe, patience my friend.

--- 帖子 #946 ---
I like the color alert with the pop up.  does anyone know how I can get it to email me at the same time of the pop up?  This would be very helpful.  don't have to just listen for sound.  Thanks a lot in advance

--- 帖子 #947 ---
All of the EAs I contributed to this strategy has a SignalMail function. Just set that to true and use it.

--- 帖子 #948 ---
hey j...... check here......h

--- 帖子 #949 ---
Hayseed shows up... most honorable early contributor sir welcome....next swingman will pop in hopefully. I'm hoping he can post some results. Anyone making Pips...(positive... consistenly) trading the EA....on what times and settings and pairs? I gave up on the the EA thing as the win loss ratio stunk on whatever settings I tried.... still making Pips on manual trading though. Hope this thread dosen't turn into EA MT4 programmers forum as many do...this tweak that tweak everbody tweak tweaks on the EA. Anyone willing to post positve results over time with the EA on auto please do. FYI the EA's, alerting, trade simulator are all here if you take the time to read the thread from 1 to xxxxxxx(try the paperclip upper right) with many flavors and variations. So have at it... it all has been said and done before on the EA tweaking.

--- 帖子 #950 ---
hey pipsnagger...... you are correct, we should post results more often than we do.....

in real trading where many ea's are  being ran on many pairs, the results/history can be very confusing.....

i'll download a clean demo from ibfx and run only the pipnailer ea ..... then post the account number and read only password..... then people can see what may or may not be achiveable......h

--- 帖子 #951 ---
Hayseed..... I as well.... only trading swingman's top 8 on m30 plus with default sl and tp of 30 I don't think swingman would spend the time on it if it could not become a consistent winner....it is just finding the right settings/pairs/T.F's which takes some real testing over time on a demo. I also think you have to turn off during slower trading times where price movement slows down so i will turn on london and off after New York.

--- 帖子 #952 ---
Hi all,

Just to check with you, anyone uses this system during news (FF Red Flag events)? I have done some demo trades and it looks like it can be profitable to trade during these times. I would not recomend trading during the NFP or the US int rate statement days, but i think the rest should be ok.

Anybody has backtested the news days? Ket me know what you guys think.

Thanks,

Andrew.

--- 帖子 #953 ---
i forget waht was swingmans list of top 8? might've missed taht one

--- 帖子 #954 ---
Page 30 top to bottom. I think he ran these through his trade simulator and equity dashboard to determine Top performers. As with anything user discretion advised. The beauty of this is you can tweak a million ways on pairs, T/F's, T/P's, S/L's etc. Or trade manually. BTW check ASH's daily system he posted on the trading systems forum.... if you like Pipnailer you will like it as well since it uses some of the same principles.

Thanks, ASH as always for sharing.http://www.forexfactory.com/images/icons/icon14.gif

--- 帖子 #955 ---
Nice to know people appreciate my work.  Yes, correct, good to see people paying attention at the principles of the systems.

--- 帖子 #956 ---
Anyone using the Psar color change alert?...I don't seem to get alerts when change form top to bottom or visa vera...I have watched on different time frames, unistalled and reinstalledn but still nothing.....Can anyone tell me what I am doing wrong..or is there another version out there? This would really help so i don't have to sit glued to the charts 24/7....Thanks...

--- 帖子 #957 ---
I don't really use alerts, just try and focus on higher timeframes and look manually.

--- 帖子 #958 ---
Once the indicator is on the chart, double click it, then select true (click false and go down) next to alerts enabled.

--- 帖子 #959 ---
subs

</div>

--- 帖子 #960 ---
Not sure if I got the system right. Can someone please comment on the entries below on 1H

1St redline short would be +-20pips

2nd redline long S/L would have been hit before going up -15pips

3rd redline short +-20 pips

4th redline long S/L would behit

Have I got it right?

--- 帖子 #961 ---
Sorry first line doesnt show ignore

--- 帖子 #962 ---
no you haven't.  The AC and AO indicators both need to switch colors at the very bar that the PSAR switches from buy to sell or the other way around.  These three things(PSAR switch, AO color switch and AC color switch) all need to happen on the same bar for that bar to be a valid 'nailed candle'.  After glancing over your chart, I think there were no valid nailed candles on it at all.

cheers,

Ohka

--- 帖子 #963 ---
Thanks now I understand. I thought that they just had to BE the same color at the opening PSAR but they all have to change color at the first PSAR. I did get the "painted pip nailer alert" so Ill just wait for that. Thanks for the help

--- 帖子 #964 ---
OK also got the nailer dashboard v5. If I understand it right if trading 30M TF all I have to do is every 30m on the half hour check the dashboard for signals and the same for 1H TF just check the hour on the hour for signal?

--- 帖子 #965 ---
You had exactly the same understanding I did. Now it's cleared up. It's gonna definitely be harder now. I saw a good trend that some money could have been made off of on the gbp/ usd last night but it didn't go EXACTLY according to these rules.

</div>

--- 帖子 #966 ---
Hello everyone,

Looks like a great post thread and method. I'm hoping someone might be able to help. I loaded the 1.5 dashboard version but noticed something about the settings. Why are the settings:

xtern double SAR_Step = 0.02;

extern double SAR_Max  = 0.2;

extern double SAR_Step2 = 0.005;

extern double SAR_Max2  = 0.2;

I thought the original method uses .03 for the sar step? Am I seeing something wrong?

--- 帖子 #967 ---
I saw that on page 58 there were 3 incidences of a nailed candle in 3 days. Can anyone say what has been the average amount of nailed candles a week to occur with this system?

--- 帖子 #968 ---
.03 is used with ASH_FX Daily only

Regards

Forex37

--- 帖子 #969 ---
Hey Ralph, so your "PipNailer Original" EA is the one that follows the rules exactly, correct? All three indicator have to change Color/Direction at the exact same time, correct?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #970 ---
Does anyone know if you can use AC and AO in Accucharts? I want to try this system but I can't find these indicators.

--- 帖子 #971 ---
All pipnailer EAs coded by me follow the rules exactly.

The difference is in the order management.

--- 帖子 #972 ---
but all these rules;

PSAR turns from buy to sell, AC turns from green to red and AO is green/red.

PSAR turns from buy to sell, AC is green/red and AO turns from green to red.

PSAR turns from buy to sell, AC turns from green to red and AO turns from green to red.

PSAR turns from sell to buy, AC is turns from red to green and AO is red/green.

PSAR turns from sell to buy, AC is red/green and AO turns from red to green.

PSAR turns from sell to buy, AC turns from red to green and AO turns from red to green.

don't follow the original system on page one when all indicators need to change at the same time to initiate a signal condition

The only rule that are original to forexmoments;

SELL - PSAR turns from buy to sell, AC turns from green to red and AO turns from green to red.

BUY - PSAR turns from sell to buy, AC turns from red to green and AO turns from red to green.

or do you mean the EA has always had the multiple rule conditions?

--- 帖子 #973 ---
I visited various forums and I don't know what brought me to this "PIP Nailer". I have seen some of your thread elsewhere but this is the first one I have tried.

The truth people I am a newbie and following rules have never been part of my life for the first time I have found rules that if I have to break them it mean am on a critical mission for scalping the moments.

Attached you can see trades that I took on my demo and live account on FXDD (Demo) and Marketiva (Live) I only followed the rules once the second time also still paid off.

Yes you can use Lower Timeframe.. but you have to glue yourself to the screen to check on the changing Oscillators or PSAR. Also even if u are on lower TF. Stick to the rules.

Oh yes I got a nice tool from FXKnight. I am able to see how long it would take for a candle to be completed. This is cool here so the most u can keep an eye on it too if u go lower.

Thanks Forexmoments keep up the good work...

P.S. Just Added a Position I took Last night am still good and running.. Also Here is the template I use + the clock

SmartKenya

--- 帖子 #974 ---
Gr8

The Success 4H

The Success 30M - Also Traded Live Marketiva...

Thx

AshFX

--- 帖子 #975 ---
Great stuff SmartKenya... please keep us updated with your results!

--- 帖子 #976 ---
I have read many times almost everywhere...  Fundamentals Count and well as it is said here every now and then avoid trading with the PIP Nailer during news.  My advice to everyone testing this... Take Profit 10pips or 20pips if a day has so many news closer together..  Find another system that can help u trade the news.  Will Post Updates..

--- 帖子 #977 ---
My previous studies on Pair to Trade I have always been successful doing trades with EURUSD and USDCHF.

I know you all know why this two behave the way they do but I found out that when I use PIP Nailer I can benefit twice with these 2 pairs.

Here is what I want you to do...

When You get a Signal on EURUSD for Long... Go Check the USDCHF same TF you will notice a Signal or just slight off but the truth is if you take a Short on USDCHF you can bag some PIPS too

So if the Signal is EURUSD For Long the Check USDCHF for short..

For those who don't know why this happens this way Swissy and Euro are both in the Eurozone if am not wrong and they are both against the USD.

This is an observation Please take it into consideration try it on your demo accounts report back...

I will post my charts as soon as I get a Signal for all of us to watch.

Regards

SmartKenya

--- 帖子 #978 ---
Ok, I hope I'm not missing something here so this doesn't sound like a stupid question, but why doesn't the pip nailer flying fish v1.2 ea have an option for a stop loss?

(((made 290 bucks on it last night on a demo sell it opened up on the gbp/ usd)))

--- 帖子 #979 ---
Ok here is the deal...

It is ok to deal Short Time frames... 5M, 15M and 30M especially when things are slow and no strong trends.

Rules.

1. Use all rules by Ash for PIPNailer...

2. Use B_Clock - The timer to time how long it would take to close a candle

3. When you take a position be it long or short don't place a TP Point wait and    see where the candle will bounce of from when it closes. Put a horizontal line and check if it is a significant Support or Resistance point or if one is close to it.. If it is true put your TP on that Support or Resistance point.. Remember you are using shorter timeframe yes things change quickly.

4. Don't be greedy - remember the candles may break through but chances are they will only bounce back and change direction completely

There those are my rule for short time frames

Attached see two trades I have take on 15M.. Got signal using the PIPNailer DashBoard v1.4 but I removed the 5M from it.

Well that's my advice.. Good Morning for now

SmartKenya

--- 帖子 #980 ---
Here is the results of the Shorttime trade using 15M TF.

We clearly see if we took profit @ a high PIP we would have not been able to reach it. Support and Resistance is very important.

Thx

SmartKenya

--- 帖子 #981 ---
Wowser, good going.

--- 帖子 #982 ---
Hi SmartKenya - I cannot find out the default setting on FXDD for the PSAR (having changed it for the AshDaily system) - could you please provide?

Also, how do you 'check' PipNailer against AshDaily? Both on daily, or do you use a lower (say 4 hour) timeframe for PipNailer?

And (sorry, 1 more question) when using PipNailer only, what is your favourite timeframe?

Thanks,

Freddi

--- 帖子 #983 ---
Defaut is 0.02, 0.2

--- 帖子 #984 ---
Thanks Ron

--- 帖子 #985 ---
Hello Freddie,

The setting's as  RR gave u. Well PIP Nailer works very well on Larger TF from 1H. The AshDaily is for D1 so yes I used both with D1 2 different charts same Pair. REASON: Well Sometime PIPNailer can Earn you some 50pips or more on Daily signals before AshDaily gives a true signal for more PIPS

Well with the PIPNailer I go for larger time frame, I have dashboard loaded on it but removed 5M and 15M. When I get a 30M signal I have to check first where the closest Resistance or Support is also I have AutoPivot from Imran Sait I use also on all the TF to confirm if the trade will be taking a run or just end after 2-3 more bars.

Regards

SmartKenya

Oh yes u can use my PSAR I just changed the color to Green and Red so everything matches

--- 帖子 #986 ---
SmartKenya, thanks for your reply

Freddi

--- 帖子 #987 ---
Hi SmartKenya,

First I ask a little of patient with me...I am new on this, and I found very helpful the b-clock.ex4.

How I can run the b-clock.ex4?

Thanks a lot, lot, lot

JC

Minutes later....

The key was close MT4 and open to see the indicators!

--- 帖子 #988 ---
Hello jcllosag:

Depending on whatever broker you are using find their MT4 Folder example

C:\Program Files\FXDD - MetaTrader4\experts\indicators and paste the B_Clock there...

Thx for messaging me ok here I will attach the template I use and all indicators. Remember to say thank you to the people who created and continue to create/ come up with new and simple strategies for us.

The PSAR is modified so the colors would be green and red. Sorry for add the Pivots but it helps to quickly see where a move might be headed...

Am glad I could help

SmartKenya

--- 帖子 #989 ---
Could you confirm the following using your method

Rules for Entry Long, Rule for closing Long

Rules for Entry Short, Rule for closing Short

Have seen a few comments here about rules ... but would like to confirm ..

good work

Thanks

--- 帖子 #990 ---
Smart Kenya, appreciate the work you're doing man. Nice one.

--- 帖子 #991 ---
Can't believe I sat here and spent 3 hours on the Fourth of July reading very post from post 1 on. Seems that the one hour time frame and higher would give enough signals. The exits seem to be the major question, and the benevolent ASH and others have addressed that, and possibly will come up with something that will give more PIPS. I don't see why the indicators and EA can't be used just to open a trade, and trade only in the NY or London session, or both if you have time, and once the trade is made your exits can be refined and altered if need be. At this point, I'm stare crazy, and just will say thanks to ASH and everyone else here that takes the time to patiently answer questions and make EAs and then tweak them. Have a great weekend, all.

--- 帖子 #992 ---
Well art59.. With Ash's PIP Nailer it is very easy to find your entry. If you  are using my template and the other indicators that I have posted above it would be very easy to enter.

When the PSAR give u a signal that prices are moving up what you should see is:
PSAR - Should have changed to Green and is at the BOTTOM of the candles

AO - Has turned Green

AC - Has turned Green

When the PSAR give u a signal that prices are moving down what you should see is:
PSAR - Should have changed to RED and is at the TOP of the candles

AO - Has turned RED

AC - Has turned RED

REMEMBER - All this turning color / changing color should be simultaneous for a valid signal if not don't take it.

Ok I can't insist this more DON'T take the trade until the candle closes that's why I have added a timer.

When you find it is a valid signal check the closest SUPPORT LINE and RESISTANCE LINE - Prices tend to respect those points DRAW a Horizontal line on the S/R Points so you'd see where you might get out. Also use the Pivot Point draw by out Pivot also those are very important prices bounces off them too. And please use Larger time frames to trade it is easier kind Set and Forget thingy. So for your EXITs use the Support/ Resistance Line and or Pivots. You'd rather bag 10pips than none so don't be greedy.

Ah yes sometimes I use the Heiken Ashi to see if prices are Trending find it easier but I don't depend on them.

-----------------------------------------------

Ash

Well thanks Ash for this system am yet to master it for Larger PIPs

-----------------------------------------------

Paradoxical

RR must have done an EA somewhere - search

Always

SmartKenya

--- 帖子 #993 ---
Hi All,

Looks like we have a painted pip for the AUD/USD for Tues daily chart, anybody else going to go for it

Thanks

Paul

--- 帖子 #994 ---
I dont think that this one is a trade, I think the settings you have in PSAR are wrong, if you set them for 0.2 then you get the signal you have posted ..  but I was under the impression that the para alter signal template settings that were given on here by Smart Kenyan .... are different the sell signal for the AUD/USD pair was a couple of days ago.... can someone confirm this ......... ?

--- 帖子 #995 ---
Ok I know am still a newbie.. But after reading alot of threads in FF I have come to realize that Forex Traders and MQ4L Programmers are the most helpful and may God bless each one of them.

As I was trying to figure out a system that I can use to get some pips when I have no nailed candle. I found one Peter Crown (DIBS System).

I have added an indicator to my PIP Nailer and I was able to grab other chances using the DIBS while waiting for my PIP Nailer to Nail one..

Here is my Sample chart and one of the best trade I can boast of just happened @ 8:00pm Kenyan Time (0500 GMT) infront of my eyes...

I know some will start asking me for the Indies and rules ok ok ok also attached find my PIP Nailer + DIBS Template and indicators.

@ ForexMoment - My wish was not to change your wonderful system I hope you'll approve me to share this. As it is Said Keep It Simple Stupid.. So I have tried to keep it simple.

As usual still use FXDD to conform with PIP Nailer and for the DIBS try to trade during the LONDON and NEWYORK sessions. I know DIBS we use a 6.00GMT as opening so what I do is I mark the 6.00GMT opening and use it all through my DIBS but for PIP Nailer I concentrate with SUPPORTS and RESISTANCE. Ah yes 1H TF.

DIBS RULES:

- http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=86766

PIP NAILER RULES:

- http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=63805

I will update you how it is working out and remember KISS.

Edited: I have Changed the PSAR Alert to Match the original PSAR parameters. Also My Original PIP Nailer Template has been uploaded and matches the PSAR. The new PIP Nailer + DIBS also is included..

Always

SmartKenya

--- 帖子 #996 ---
Youre right changed the psar but why have i got a painted pip nailer signal?

Thanks

Paul

--- 帖子 #997 ---
Hello art59,

The PSAR with alert can be changed to match the original PSAR. Just right click anywhere on any PSAR dot and choose SAR Properties... Change them to Step = 0.02 and Maximum = 0.2

Sorry if this indie has confused anyone.. Maybe I should hardcode the defaults to it..

Regards

SmartKenya

--- 帖子 #998 ---
The signal is genereated because you have settings at default ,.... as per ASH pdf .. for the ASHFX DAILY ... you have to set the step in SAR props to 0.03

To double check .. read the pdf that came with the daily fx

If you change it as per instructions think you will see the signal was a couple of days ago for the daily ...

Good luck

--- 帖子 #999 ---
Hello art59,

The correct settings for AshFX Daily PSAR = Step - 0.03, Max - 0.20 and PIP Nailer PSAR = Step - 0.02, Max - 0.20

Regards

SmartKenya

--- 帖子 #1000 ---
This has got me really confused now.... we also had an alarm SAR setings with

ALERTS ENABLED : TRUE

STEP 0.04

MAXIMUM 0.5

PRECISION 7

Are you now saying that these are wrong ?

--- 帖子 #1001 ---
Hey Art59,

No.. I just mentioned STEP and MAXIMUM the rest you can leave

- Do me a favor to solve an argue me. Load the PSAR with Alert that I have uploaded above on a Chart without any template. The settings are default as Ash's PIP NAILER

- The load the default/ original PSAR from indicators and set Step 0.02 and Max 0.2

You will see it will fit exactly on top of PSAR ALERT

Peace

SmartKenya

--- 帖子 #1002 ---
Just wanted to confirm as on the thread before a set of settings for the alert seemed to have been modified.... thats all I wanted to confirm... so every thing should match up .. and have checked that it now does... good luck

--- 帖子 #1003 ---
Am glad we are in agreement...

--- 帖子 #1004 ---
Hello Perky,

Very nice results on your ea so far. Two winners out of two trades.

Jeff

--- 帖子 #1005 ---
Could someone please post the latest EA's or indicators for The Pip Nailer.

Thanks in advance.

--- 帖子 #1006 ---
Click on that PAPERCLIP on top of this thread - Find PIPNailer2 or pipnailer_perkyV1_EA.ex4 + RWI.mq4

--- 帖子 #1007 ---
Anyone having any luck with the Pip Nailer 2.

Thanks for the help I found the files for the Pip Nailer.

cwave

--- 帖子 #1008 ---
Good going!

--- 帖子 #1009 ---
Ash, is it a good signal GBPUSD Long 4H? Thanks a lot.

--- 帖子 #1010 ---
No, it's not.  The PSAR appeared AFTER the AC and AO turned green, hence an invalid signal.

--- 帖子 #1011 ---
Hello all,

I'm new to this thread but found it interesting because I'm also following the AshFX thread. I have an EA currently being tested on the other thread and have just written one for this strategy. If there is anyone out there who would like to test it with me I would be thankful. I've been brought up to speed on the system by forexmoments although he did not specifically ask me to write this EA. A member following both threads thought I might like to try this one as well. I'm impressed with the AshFX system and look forward to trying PipNailer as well.

Normally I start at the front and work my way to the end so I'm not going to ask any questions until I've made it through til current.

Note: This EA will only work on demo accounts at this time. There is nothing wrong with loading the EA, your broker preventing EAs, etc. I've coded it not to trade on live accounts until any bugs surface and are resolved.

--- 帖子 #1012 ---
Ash, muchas gracias por tu respuesta.

Juan Carlos

--- 帖子 #1013 ---
mtaboneweb...

Sent you a PM....hope you don't mind.

--- 帖子 #1014 ---
Not at all.  I responded.

--- 帖子 #1015 ---
I would love to run a test, I put it up on my Demo.

I'm using it on 1 Hour charts.

Are there any particular currencies it'll work better on.

Are there any settings that need to be changed on the inputs.

--- 帖子 #1016 ---
Settings should be fine unless you want to change them.  I usually compile with lite settings (0.01 lots) just as protection.  Plus at the end of the day I don't care if the profit is $2.00 or $200.00 because all that matters to me is that it's 200 pips.  As far as pairs?  I'm running it on every pair available on 1 hour charts.  The beauty of a demo is your trying to see which pairs rise above the rest.

--- 帖子 #1017 ---
thanks mtaboneweb

--- 帖子 #1018 ---
hi

we had a nailed candle on ej , the ea didnt take the trade the next candle .

thanks

imad

--- 帖子 #1019 ---
Not on my chart (FXDD).  The AO and AC were both green before the dot went under the bar.  Am I wrong or do the rules say they all have to change on exactly the same bar.  Long would be were completed bar has dot below and also the AO and AC turned green on that bar specifically as well.  Then enter on the new bar.  Am I wrong?

--- 帖子 #1020 ---
Hello everyone. I have been reading the last few pages of this thread (equivalent to a month or so of posting) and all I can find is talk about EA's, but no talk on actual trades and results. So here's my question, is anyone out there actually trading this system at the moment?

I want to know because it seems like many good systems have been doing lousily in the last few weeks because of a rather choppy market. So I wanted to know how's the Pip Nailer coping with the times. Anyone?

David

--- 帖子 #1021 ---
I haven't really checked all my charts but the EA found a nailed candle for EUR/GBP last night.  First trade closed with TP, second updated to break even and riding around +33.

Dot, AC, and AO all agreed on the exact same candle.

Forexmoments,

Is this true to your system?

--- 帖子 #1022 ---
I know I'm not forexmoments, but yes, that IS a nailed candle

--- 帖子 #1023 ---
Cool, thanks.

--- 帖子 #1024 ---
Indeed. On post 18 it says:

--- 帖子 #1025 ---
To whom are you referring?

--- 帖子 #1026 ---
Sorry. I edited my former post. Didn't see it was a H1 chart and thought the last candle was the one being discussed.

--- 帖子 #1027 ---
Absolutely.

Spot on.

--- 帖子 #1028 ---
EA closed the 2nd trade because both AO and AC had changed to green.  Not bad at all for a pair like the EUR/GBP.

Both had changed to red on the close of the previous bar and so the trade was closed on the open of the last bar shown.  This is the exit rules correct?

--- 帖子 #1029 ---
mtaboneweb

hi

a nailed candle is when the dot and ac and ao change at the same candle , the next one is the entry .

thanks

imad

ps: are you going to fix the ea , to follow the exact rules ?

--- 帖子 #1030 ---
That is exactly what it does now.  Notice the aqua vertical line on the chart is the nailed candle and then the entry on the next candle?

I've added a magenta line as well to show you the closed bar that made the decision to exit the 2nd trade because the 1st had already hit the TP.  Second take profit when the AO and AC have both changed red in this case since it was a long trade.  On exit they do not have to change on the same bar only once they've both agreed in color.

--- 帖子 #1031 ---
Hi mtaboneweb, is the ea from your post #1015 ?

To forexmoments, could u upload the last ea that follow your exact rules in the 1st post?

Because I find more than one EA in this thread.

Thanks in advance

--- 帖子 #1032 ---
I wrote the "PipNailer_AutoTrader.ex4" EA and yes it is post 1015.

--- 帖子 #1033 ---
The last thread unfortunately was flagged as spam and has been moved to the Recycle bin. I got a little excited and tried to create threads for my other EAs as well since I felt doing this was a great way of separating the EA from the systems. I just did too many in a short time and...

Things are now straight so please post any EA specific things on this thread...

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=96117

Thanks again to forexmoments for the system all all those who've supported this EA.

--- 帖子 #1034 ---
Here's the latest trades.

--- 帖子 #1035 ---
hi boneweb,

I'll be testing your EA on ODL demo account, all pairs, 1Hr

--- 帖子 #1036 ---
Let's me know is it I'm setting this up correctly. I have gone thru this whole thread for the second times. What i wish to get now is the signal line. Whereby i saw on others charts, you all having a long straight line when the AC OC and PSAR change together. While in my charts, mine is a whole blue line on the candle.

Juz fix me if i did any mistake on the charts, I gonna try this out as sooon as i get confirmation from you guys.

Sorry cause i wont be participating in EA stuff, cause i not really get used to EA, mroe prefer on manual trading. Anyways, well done on the EA, there is too many EA version as i saw in this thread.

--- 帖子 #1037 ---
If you are referring to the vertical blue line, that is usually placed on the chart manually by the user...usually to signify where the user entered or exited a trade. See Insert...Lines...Vertical Line or look on the bottom toolbar, 3rd button from left.

--- 帖子 #1038 ---
Ya, you get me right. That's the line i looking for. I thought it is under any indicators, while i have search thru whole sites and cant found it.

Will give a manual trade on this method. Sounds interesting for me....

So others i gone into correct stuff?

PSAR 0.02 ~ 0.2, i think is no more others.....

--- 帖子 #1039 ---
Yep, PSAR is 0.02, 0.2.

--- 帖子 #1040 ---
Juz get the first two entry right.

Exited for both. One wif +21, another one wif +20.

Juz a small trial. Gonna try next entry wif TP set as what the first post teaching.

Thanks for fxmoments. This is something special and currently is a real time to train my patience.

--- 帖子 #1041 ---
I know that mtaboneweh has written a fine EA for this method, but has an alert script been made for those of us who prefer to trade a "hands-on" approach?

I found one alert for the PSAR, which works fine---it just needs the AO and AC setups to give the complete signals.

Or, where can I find a crash course for MT4 script writing?

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1042 ---
there is two alerts available here. One is PSAR alert, once the psar change direction, the PSAR will have text alert.

I prefer the another one, whereby when the AO AC and PSAR change color together in the same bar, it will directly color the whole candle. and also will give out text alert, and you can also set sound alert according to wave file you want. I currently manually on screen wif 5pairs 1H TF only, and i set an sound alert (alarm) of 30sec long, i think it is enough to wake me up from bed.

Another one is the dashboard, it is very useful as well, when the candle close wif all condition agree, it will pop up alert as well, it has 18pairs and 7TF by default, whereby we can still add and reduce.

Edit: Juz curious is it can have an indi whereby when all conditions meet, it will draw a vertical line and equipped wif alert as well. A vertical line that similiarly to those hand drawn vertical line.

--- 帖子 #1043 ---
(Excuse me, can't find with search and re-reading)

One of the exit rules: "when both the AO and the AC have changed color".

Question: at the same candle? (like at the enter rule)

Thank you!

--- 帖子 #1044 ---
Not on the exit, no... doesn't have to be same candle.

--- 帖子 #1045 ---
One of the bad trades?

This is something i have curious. If all the indicators agree for a bull. While the candle is a bear candle, shall we go???

--- 帖子 #1046 ---
I just started reading this thread today.   Is anyone trading this system live?   Manual?   Using the EA?

What kind of results are you getting if you are?   Often times Demo trading varies from actual live trading.   I'm just curious to know if anyone is making money with this system.

It looks  simple and very consistant and the 70% winning trade rate looks good to me.   I'm going to trade live with micro account at IBFX starting Sunday night.

--- 帖子 #1047 ---
I can't find the latest dashboard 1.5  not in the attachments page.  Can someone tell me where to find it or has it been withdraw?

--- 帖子 #1048 ---
Click on the paperclip at the right top of the page.

And find for the attachment as the date below:-

Apr 1, 2008 4:34am

You will get the stuff (gold mine) that you mention.

--- 帖子 #1049 ---
Thanks.  Got it and loaded it.  Sorry if this is repeating questions but I couldn't find the answers to this....Now it comes up in the indicator window but no data.   Is there something else I need to do?   It seems important to be able to see all the pairs and the signals.  Saving jumping back and forth all the time between pairs.     Here's a screenshot of it.

--- 帖子 #1050 ---
Do you have the pipnailer.mq4 in your indicators file?

If yes, you try to adjust the size of the chart window, check is it hidden below the chart. Or you juz simply click F11 key on your keyboard.

Let me know if still doesn't work out.

--- 帖子 #1051 ---
yes it is in the indicator file and it does come up in the window but I get no data.  just a blank template.

--- 帖子 #1052 ---
This is how's mine is working....

And here's another trade taken using m30 signal.

Tried restart your mt4? Imposible it couldn't be run, cause i even don't have the pipnailer.mq4 running in my mt4

I believe it is a standalone indicator.

Make sure you tested up the F11 function???

--- 帖子 #1053 ---
I have used F11 and still no data showing up. What about the settings? Do I need to change anything there from the default that was downloaded? I can't think of anything else to do. I have restarted mt4 and still get the same reasults. Frustrating!

Also in my second chart here you can see I don't show the trade signal you do on the aud/jpy 30m

--- 帖子 #1054 ---
I just noticed that the dashboard seems to work in my demo account mode but not in live trading.   Is anyone trading live with this system?  Is dasboard working there for them or not?

Has it been disabled to only work on demo?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #1055 ---
Please see post #1 for EA, settings, revision notes.

"The Pip Nailer" (EA - MTaboneWeb)

--- 帖子 #1056 ---
DANG! I missed a great 1hr signal this morning on the GBP/USD. Its down 100 pips now and still dropping!   Did anyone else get in on this one?

--- 帖子 #1057 ---
Please see post #1 for EA, settings, revision notes.

Just fixed a small bug.

Have also posted some recent results.

"The Pip Nailer" (EA - MTaboneWeb)

--- 帖子 #1058 ---
Caught something else, check 1st post for EA and notes.

"The Pip Nailer" (EA - MTaboneWeb)

--- 帖子 #1059 ---
Caught something else, check 1st post for EA and notes.

"The Pip Nailer" (EA - MTaboneWeb)

--- 帖子 #1060 ---
I don't know why - I just don't like .ex4 files without corresponding mq4!

Maybe you kindly give it a thought.

Regards

Forex37

--- 帖子 #1061 ---
An exclamation is rather harsh don't you think, seeing as how I've spent an outrageous amount of my own personal time to produce these EAs in the first place and shared them?

With all respect, I do not and will not post source code anymore. It's your choice if you want to use the EA or not just as it's my choice to post source code or not.

--- 帖子 #1062 ---
Hello Everyone,

Taken the last two days to read the thread from start to finish! Decided to do that because I use the AshFx daily to trade (started live only this week after dry running on a demo account). However, the last couple of days have been quiet on that system so I wondered if the Pipnailer might give me some more options. I like the AshFx daily because I don't have to sit in front of a screen day in/day out but there are some days where I can check for hourly signals so I thought Pipnailer might be a good option. Anyway enough of the preamble! I thought I would sum up my understanding from reading the thread and ask a few questions:

1. The rules for entry are straightforward (I won't repeat them here) and can be enhanced by checking other indicators or visually for S/R, fibs etc. dependent on how each trader wants to choose their trades.

2. It's best to only use the system during London and New York trading hours (great for me) and only on liquid markets.

3. It's best to avoid trading during news for the country of a currency (check the red news items in FXDD).

4. The system would appear to work best on hourly timeframe and upwards (although some folk seem to be getting decent results on shorter timeframes).

5. Some very kind people have coded up EA's, indicators etc to help to trade the system. Now here is where I am getting confused. What is the best set up with these things? I guess this varies from trader to trader so there is no "correct" way. So, my approach is to use the Dashboard for signals (which version is best? and should I shift the signal to 0 to give an earlier alert?) but I will then want to check the trades visually before deciding whether to take them. So should I avoid the various EA's that have been built for the system? In addition to the dashboard, are there any other indicators that people would recommend?

6. One final question if I may. I have been using FXDD for the AshFx daily (as recommended). Should I continue using that for Pipnailer or switch to IBFX?

So, I would be very grateful for any advice. Looking forward to using the system and participating in the thread.

--- 帖子 #1063 ---
use FXDD

this system isn't very successful on ODL in my experience

--- 帖子 #1064 ---
test

--- 帖子 #1065 ---
Agreed 100%.

--- 帖子 #1066 ---
aud/usd was beautiful

verticle line was nailed candle. check out the lags and bbs and how it all lined up.

--- 帖子 #1067 ---
ur just posting the winners, try posting the losers too.

there are plenty of times where everything lined up and the trade turned out bad

--- 帖子 #1068 ---
After so Long of demo forward testing of this strategy, I did not know for others. But I more prefer to take only the trades from 4H TF. 1H and daily TF having alot of un-accurate signals. Although the signal from 4H is very less, but it is valuable.... 15m 30m not really encourageble since I keep on get into losses trades.

--- 帖子 #1069 ---
This week I having 3 trade signal from 4H Tf. 1 trade is closed. Another 2 still in floating. Will post it up once all three is closed.

--- 帖子 #1070 ---
Another daily trade placed on 'early alert'(well, early as i could since i wasn't near my computer, and early as in once psar has switched as oppossed to waiting) once again, price coming down touching middle of bb, blue lag is pointing down.

anyone else in? or getting in per normal rules on open of next candle(sunday/monday)

--- 帖子 #1071 ---
er, here is the signal on ibfx. just showing how i like to use another confirmation(lags) to the pipnailer.

--- 帖子 #1072 ---
This is all the 3 trades that have been taken by me in this week. Plz do not ask me why I didn't take the trade on that day what pair and so on. Easy answer for you is, I did nid to slep and work. So I did not able to take all signals. This 3 signal is generated when I'm in front of my PC and I just enter market wif SL and TP that has been predefined by out forexmoment.

2 win 1 lose. Still a good day. I didn't trail or anything. Juz set TP and SL and just like that, lazy to take care about the trade. Juz use this for SET AND FORGET.

--- 帖子 #1073 ---
Took some profit at the 200 EMA but, still looking for more

but, once again signal on IBFX trade on fxdd.

--- 帖子 #1074 ---
forgot pic

--- 帖子 #1075 ---
Firstly, I am new to this strategy and amazed at the support it has from all members. I very special thanks to forexmoments as the creator and the awesome talents of swingman with his dashboard. Please accept my gratitide and appreciation for the the positive vibes this brings to many traders like myself.

Suggestion one: For SWINGMAN. I love the dashboard indicator. At present I am not sure which one I prefer version 1.4 or v1.5.

I would love an email alert to be added when a signal appears. I would love the email alert to be coded on both dashboard versions 1.4 and 1.5.

This allows SMS signals to cellphones for those traders trading smaller timeframes (or higher)without having to be near the PC or screen all the time. One could have the mobile version of MT4 on a smartphone, receive an sms and still trade the strategy after checking the chart. This is for manual traders who do not trust EA's 100%.

Suggestion 2.:For everyone: If you are like me, I like to take trades only when I have the higher timeframe participation. I use the MTF stochastics indicator as an additional indicator for confirmation.

Thanks ,

LR

--- 帖子 #1076 ---
Suggestion 3 for SWINGMAN:  Please could you add an email alert to the indicator PIPNAILER isignals v2. The reasons are the same in my previous post.

Suggestion 4 for everyone: For those traders who like more manual control of their trading and looking for various options to manage their trade eg exit strategies...  I find there is a very comprehensive EA that only manages trades once entered. It is a free EA on tsd forum .(AUTOMATIC order management)

below is the link:
http://www.forex-tsd.com/expert-advi...anagement.html

The Ea is there too and instructions for it use.

The higher timeframe participation filter  mentioned in my previous post is stochastics. Also MTF MA ans MTF Psar indicators are  are freely available and great filters for higher probability trades

Hope this is helpful.

LR

--- 帖子 #1077 ---
Hi Ash,

What do you think about this trade?

Thanks a lot.

--- 帖子 #1078 ---
I know I'm not ash, but I always thought you entered on the bar after the nailed bar.

--- 帖子 #1079 ---
You are right! On my real account Im waiting the close of this candle. But I would like to hear your comments about this "possible" trade for "tomorrow".

Thanks again!

--- 帖子 #1080 ---
i use fxdd myself, and i still prefer to have the signal on both ibfxdemo and fxdd. but, you may be ok. lags least line up.

--- 帖子 #1081 ---
Here the same versions with email alert.

Because I havent tested the alerts, tell me please (PM) if they are OK.

.

--- 帖子 #1082 ---
Thank you so much SWINGMAN for adding the email alerts. I was not sure whether you were still available as I had not read any of your posts in the later part of the forum.

I will test them out and let you know by PM.

With appreciation,

LR

--- 帖子 #1083 ---
swingman, long time no see. hopefully doing well

--- 帖子 #1084 ---
Thanks! Yes, I'm doing very well and struggle with the forex...

--- 帖子 #1085 ---
All email alerts are working .

Thanks again,

LR

--- 帖子 #1086 ---
Great your back SWINGMAN could not help to paste a previous post below from this thread. And thanks in particular for the equity dashboard that helps filter loser pairs with this method when auto trading.

----------------------------------------------

Quote:

Originally Posted by SwingMan http://www.forexfactory.com/images/buttons/viewpost.gif

....I'm only a modest programmer ...

Ha, ha, good joke!

--- 帖子 #1087 ---
just so everyone knows, it was insanely annoying to find a way to get MT4 to send my phone a text message on alert. i haven't gotten a signal from dashboard 1.4 so i'm not sure if the email part works, but just getting mt4 to text you is a pain. so for anyone wanted to get dashboard alerts, you can set up an email at crawler.com and go into mt the smtp is my.crawler.com enter your email addy and password, from is your signature basically, and To is typically your 10digitmobilenumber@ vtext, att.com   works perfectly if you have an unlimited text plan.

--- 帖子 #1088 ---
As an update, it works. My phone got a text about 10-20 seconds after the alert appeared. Might not be best m5 or m15 but, works.

--- 帖子 #1089 ---
Raver, I just have that email format (phone#@vtext.com) as my email address in the platform and it sends me texts instant.

--- 帖子 #1090 ---
what do you mean? In mt4 platform everything is blank except the TO: field? cause i get invalid smtp settings error in my journal.

--- 帖子 #1091 ---
Suggestion: Set your dashboard to the timeframe you trade. Remove the lower timeframes from your dashboard.

LR

--- 帖子 #1092 ---
I only use H4 and D1 TF.....

--- 帖子 #1093 ---
Hi Swingman,

Just realise that these are the ex4 version. This means when I want to add more currency pairs and change timeframes I am not able to.

Please could you kindly post the mq4 versions.

Many thanks and appreciation,

Lorraine Rathi

--- 帖子 #1094 ---
Here's the answer

--- 帖子 #1095 ---
Thanks for this. My eyes must be going cross-eyed. I did not notice that SWINGMAN has made life eaiser and simple for us.

I am trading daily TF, so have set dashboard to 4h,D,W.

I see you are using v1.5, I am using v1.4 as I can see what the higher timeframe is doing too in terms of the PSAR . and lower timeframe in terms of PSAR, AC,AO.  One for trend change /continuity and one for perhaps for earlier exit for more pips.

Would be interested to hear your feedback from experience of v1.5.

LR

--- 帖子 #1096 ---
I have set up the dashboard 1.4 on both IBFX demo( recommended for pipnailer) and FXDD demo (recommended for Ashfx).

I find that in realtime the dashboard is not ticking over. I see that the last CLOSE PRICE from D1 and Current price are the same. This is for both brokers. See image attached.

I have set suffix to "m" for IBFX but not for FXDD as it is not a mini account.

Any solutions to this problem?

I have shut down platform and opened it again too.

Other price is moving  on charts and Trade account etc.

Thanks,

LR

--- 帖子 #1097 ---
forgot to upload image in previous post

LR

--- 帖子 #1098 ---
hey guys just a quick question maybe I have over looked my answer somewhere, in the pdf it says "Opposite rules for buy of course" does thats mean instead of when the AO and the AC are red you sell and green for buy ??

Another one what happens if both your AO an AC indicators are red when your Par SAR flips then you wait till the end of that bar to place your trade and the AO and AC turn green is it still valid??

I'm enjoying this thread ..

thanks

--- 帖子 #1099 ---
I guess this is how i do.... For your another question, did you use the default value for the indicators? Or did you mind to post up the setting of the indicator to see see...

--- 帖子 #1100 ---
Thanks for your detailed help.

I turned my computer off and restarted the computer and mt4 programs.

I have put the dashboard v 1.5 with default settings. It has given some trades on 1h TF.

I will leave it for a while and see what happens. Before when I tried to change some settings, it stopped working.

Also when you say you use pipnailer? Do you mean the pipnailer isignal v2  indicator on the chart?

Also, do you use any EA ?

Do you just calculate SL and TP when the signal appears and confirm it on the chart that all parameters line up and candle size? Do you only take one trade per signal.

Pipnailer is less frequent than Ashfx but a good signal when it comes. Do you look for Support and resistance etc before entry into trade.

Yes 4h charts is very infrequent signals and less for D1 charts. I guess 1 h TF is the way to go with the email alert/sms alert. My lifestyle lend to more daily trading, so at this stage I am watching both pipnailer and ashfx strategy.

LR

--- 帖子 #1101 ---
Hi Irathi,I uploaded the pipnailer dashboard v1.4 & v1.5 on my ibfx demo platform. The v1.4 is not coming up at all while v1.5 shows only the headings and no currency pair or signal came up. Please what should I do to fix this. Thanx.

--- 帖子 #1102 ---
Answer in red

--- 帖子 #1103 ---
Try putting "M" in the suffix input of the indicator.

LR

--- 帖子 #1104 ---
Thanks for sharing. It is very clear to me.

It would be a dream come through if swingman made the indicator and dashboard for Ashfx too!

Swingman if you see this WISH, I hope you will respond to this wish. Your guardian angel talent is helping alot of traders.

LR

--- 帖子 #1105 ---
DREAM come TRUE.

LR

--- 帖子 #1106 ---
hey sorry if i'm asking a lame question but would like to know if:

when your 3 indicators line up and your AC AO are red , then wait till the start of the next candle to place trade and either of your AC AO indicators have turned green is it still valid??

thanks

--- 帖子 #1107 ---
I guess it is better to have fxmoment to answer this for you. Cause I'm not very sure.

For me, once the signal is out, I will enter the market by the next candle without any hesitating. Without any concern of whetehr AO AC changes color or not....

--- 帖子 #1108 ---
Yes it's still valid. We don't look at open bars.

--- 帖子 #1109 ---
lovely , thanks mate

--- 帖子 #1110 ---
MPHPOPULAR:

Great LONG trade set for a 141 pip P/T. I saw the bullish divergence too on the AO.

LR

--- 帖子 #1111 ---
where do you see that?  the PSAR is still above the candle, which means this is NOT a valid trade.

--- 帖子 #1112 ---
My first day with this system.

1H timeframe 2:2

1 open.

Losses: audjpy, cadjpy.

Wins:audcad, eurcad - closed before news release. Not big profit.

Open: eurjpy...

Later 2 more oppotutunities with 1H timeframe. I refused to take them.

eurusd 4H timeframe still open since yesterday.

Mostly 15M trading opportunities turned out wins as I later saw. If you get in with fair price...

--- 帖子 #1113 ---
I've been having a good time trying out this system.  Taking 10-20 pips per trade - more were possible looking back at what happened, but I don't like staying in trades for very long.  I've been trading mainly EUR/USD and GBP/USD with a few AUD/USD and NZD/USD trades on the M15 and M30 charts.  Adding the Bobokus fibo and a couple SMA's (100 and 200) have saved me a few times, too.

Anyway, thanks for sharing this system, Ash - and swingman and the others for your work on it as well.  Great job.

This was a bit odd a few minutes ago on GBP/USD.  Buy signal popped, and the next candle was a sell signal.  I didn't do either because of the fibs and SMA, but I hadn't seen this before.  Yep, it was on the M15 chart - head fakes, both.  Maybe just something to add to Ash's and other's suggestion not to use this system on anything below a H1 chart without some S/R backup.

--- 帖子 #1114 ---
My post title says eurusd 4H.

I have icluded my chart.

LR

--- 帖子 #1115 ---
As you can see, I using price feed from ibfx, so the results is differ from yours in fxdd.

But in your case, for me, you should enter at the beginnning of next bar whereby i circle it up....

--- 帖子 #1116 ---
I agree, broker feed is different. On IBFX the P/T =40 pips.

I agree you open at the next candle of signal candle as marked. The red line on my chart shows the signal candle not entry candle. However, the P/T is from signal candle which is 141 pips on FXDD feed. Close-low=141 +/- spread.

LR

--- 帖子 #1117 ---
That means the trades now is still on going.... SO let's see how it goes....

Here's the only trade i've taken this week. I have set the TP (i set wrong actually, should set tp of 33pips instead of 20).

--- 帖子 #1118 ---
Different broker feeds can be a cause for varying signals. Pip Nailer is one of those systems that suffers quite bad due to different feeds.

--- 帖子 #1119 ---
Ya, ibfx and alpari didn't differ by much. But when comparing IBFX to FXDD, it differs alot... (This is some point I noticed earlier)

--- 帖子 #1120 ---
Trade still open with 95 pip profit as I write this post.

I agree only use different broker feeds with discretion on individual trades.

I see another fib cluster of resistence at approx 1.4960. So Ithink the 141 pips of the original P/T is achieveable for this particular trade.

I agree it is awkward to be using FXDD for ASHFX and IBFX for pipnailer signals. However when both strategies give a signal on the same broker feed like this trade, and on the same candle  one does assume it is a higher probabilty trade.

LR

--- 帖子 #1121 ---
EU might face some bear in this Asean session. But during later UK session, I believe it will touch your TP by today.

--- 帖子 #1122 ---
This is the trade that still in floating in this week. Later I will change the SL to breakeven +1. (Juz wanna let it at least close wif TP or at the breakeven +1, both way I still winning)

@Irathi

Wish you did close the trade manually or move the SL to a better point in order to let it be in profit area.

1.4904 is the highest point it achieve, i guess the trades still floating if you didn't close it manually or adjust the SL again.

--- 帖子 #1123 ---
AUDUSD trade closed wif +ve.

It is laz week trade

--- 帖子 #1124 ---
Closed EURUSD trade for 100 pip profit. Looking back it reached 20 pip short of target of 141 pips.

I think my  trading style is daily charts, so Ashfx is more suitable. Still trader's discertion is required. Having pipnailer and Ashfx strategies are great. When both occur I think this is a higher probabilty of success.

LR

--- 帖子 #1125 ---
Same here, It is juz a simple 'set and forget' method'. Ya, I'm sure any method sure have a losing trade as well. BUt I guess in pipnailer, the H4 signal is the most strongest for me (set and forget).

Juz very easy to use whereby you didn't nid to open multiple lots and do much stuff in the money management stuff. Juz be remember to adjust your SL  to breakeven +1 so tat you will always end up wif +ve profit

--- 帖子 #1126 ---
i thot pipnailer and AshFXdaily work best with FXDD?

--- 帖子 #1127 ---
My understanding is pipnailer works best with IBFX and Ashfx with FXDD.

LR

--- 帖子 #1128 ---
Another one from Pipnailer. thanks fxmoments

--- 帖子 #1129 ---
ive getting beat up pretty bad with several consecutive losing trades...

nzd/chf on the 30M

eur/usd on the 30M

usd/cad on the 30M

usd/chf on the 30M

gbp/usd on the 1H

--- 帖子 #1130 ---
Try to use a Longer TF. Such as H1 and H4. If you want to trade on shorter TF chart, You need to draw some pivot point, resistance area and some personal analysis before you go in...

--- 帖子 #1131 ---
try h4 to many fakes at m30. Or shorten your TP

--- 帖子 #1132 ---
anyone get dashboard to work with email alerts?

i cant get email to work in general in MT4, it fails the send test

(tried yahoo mail, and crawler)

2008.08.28 19:31:22 Mail: error connecting to my.crawler.com

anyone know which free mail works with mt4 and how to set it up?

--- 帖子 #1133 ---
My email alerts are working as with others who have it set up as SMS to their phones. Read previous posts of the thread. There is a trader who uses 30m TF sucessfully. Please go back and read thread.

I have my own email address not free.I just enabled MT4 under tools  and options  then email tab.

However, I find it freezes when I change to shift inout from 1 to 0.

I use 4h and 1h charts, so shift=0 warns me of upcoming signal before the close of the candle.

Hope this helps,

LR

--- 帖子 #1134 ---
This was a no brainer as it was trading with the higher trend.

Great trade.

LR

--- 帖子 #1135 ---
Just got this H1 signal using IBFX:

Attached Image

never posted an image before so don't scream if I did it wrong!

--- 帖子 #1136 ---
yep nice one so far .. I havnt caught many lately but I discipline is the key.

--- 帖子 #1137 ---
you have to be doing something incorrectly soemwhere cause i posted about using mycrawler to work

--- 帖子 #1138 ---
Do not know what I am doing incorrectly ,what are you referring to? I answered that my emails are working with the dashboard. Sorry.

I do not know what crawler refers to I live in Australia. Sorry.

Hope that clears things up.

LR

--- 帖子 #1139 ---
Hey all, I just started to follow this pip nailer thread and system, so to my understanding, in order to get the "nailed" signal, both AC and AO have to turn green at the same time and there has to be a green circle on the psar, right? I also only enter at the close of the candle, so thus far, I have found this trade today for GBP/JPY:

http://fxprosystem.com/forex/1_1_08_GBPJPY.jpg

So I should wait until the close of that bar, and then enter at the open of the next bar, right?

--- 帖子 #1140 ---
Everything needs to change on the same bar, but otherwise you have it right.

--- 帖子 #1141 ---
This seems to have been another trade on USD/CAD, but luckily I didn't get in since it would have ended badly...

http://fxprosystem.com/forex/1_2_08_USDCAD.jpg

--- 帖子 #1142 ---
eurchf h4.

CLosed with +60pips.

Here I attached the printscreen together.

Juz entered another two trade on GBPCHF H4 and and EURGBP H4. Let see how the things goes...

--- 帖子 #1143 ---
Do you think that this system works better on H4 rather than H1?

--- 帖子 #1144 ---
I answered this in earlier ago. I only trade this system on H4 and Daily.

But H4 providing a better result compared to Daily.

Currently still unable to sure that result in H4 is the best. Bcoz the signal generated is very less. Currently the accumulated trade from pipnailer in H4 (since 22July) is only 9 trades. 9 trades still insufficient to proof anything, but for at least, I believe the signal from H4 the most.

Juz use it as your set and forgot method.

--- 帖子 #1145 ---
Hey sorry for making you repeat that, I just recently started following this thread and didn't see your earlier post.

--- 帖子 #1146 ---
-123pips. CLOSED

And juz got signal for Eu and chfjpy....trade placed. guess tis week having alot of signal..

--- 帖子 #1147 ---
chfjpy h4 closed with hitting tp

eurusd h4 didn't hit the tp, it almost hit, i made the wrong calculation for the TP, so it didn't hit it, (remember, must calculate correctly). I wake up and saw it, so i close it out.

Eurgbp still floating with -ve pips, I made the same mistake as EU as well, which calculate the wrong TP, if not, my TP already get hit....

--- 帖子 #1148 ---
Looks like good trading, are you using the pip nailer system as-is or did you make your own modifications? Also, do you mind me asking how it is that you calculate your own TPs and SLs?

--- 帖子 #1149 ---
No modification were done, all use back the most original rules, i will try to state how i calculate SL and TP again. wish you didn't get confused by my poor english.

1) SL set at the high(short), low(buy) of the nailed candle. (remember add in spread)

2) Then calculate the pips of the high until the low of the nailed candle.

3) Let say you calculated 80pips, then TP will be 80pips away from your entry price.

WIsh I made it clearer instead of confuse-er

edit:

Dont look small on a few pips difference. Make sure calculation were done correctly without any minor mistake.

Example, My EU trade should have gain me a 140pips but a wrong calculation makes me left 77pips

My EG trade should have give me 41pips but now it is on floating -20pips bcoz wrong calculation

--- 帖子 #1150 ---
EG H4 closed manually. More 8 pips will reach my TP. But I juz hate to wait and worry soemthing bad happen again. So I juz closed it manually.

--- 帖子 #1151 ---
ONe lose trade for this week.

I didn;t take the trade bcoz I was not in front my PC duringthe signal was out. Guess I was lucky

--- 帖子 #1152 ---
Question:

After a signal appears, how many bars should you wait before giving up and exiting the trade (if profit target/stop loss is not reached) for a small/medium loss or small/medium profit? I.e. I assume after 30 bars, any advantage of a signal should be over.

Answer: 1 bar? 3 bars? 4 bars? 6 bars? There must be some critical point where risk=return (The gambling point) and you should exit the trade a bar or two before that point.

--- 帖子 #1153 ---
I simply using a set and forget method.

This is my own opinion:

1) The signal is less thus it is valuable.

2) I simple enter market and set all the SL and TP (predefined by fxmoments), without calculating in any others factor.

3) It is juz either hit my SL or TP.

4) I'm using 4H TF whereby having a higher probability of winning trade, whereby it is enough to cover up all the losses and making profit.

Forward testing is very difficult to be done on this method (4H TF), due to the signal is very less. Since 22July08, there is only a total of 16 - 20 signals.

Currently trade 15signal by pipnailer, having 13 win trade and 2 lose trade. So the probability of win is quite high for me.

--- 帖子 #1154 ---
Does this system perform much better on a 4hr TF than 1hr? It seems most people who are posting trades are all using the 4hr TF but the original instructions indicate a 1hr TF used? Has anyone had good results with 1hr TF?

--- 帖子 #1155 ---
Perhaps a re-read of the manual may help. Any variations of traders are welcome and their choice to research and post their findings to help fellow forum members. Give and take !

LR

--- 帖子 #1156 ---
Please quote and attach from the manual where you see 1h TF?

I see the heading:"The Pip Nailer". Any time frame, any pair.

Thanks,

LR

--- 帖子 #1157 ---
oh, your right, I must have gotten confused with another system. I've been studying about 5 right now to see which one makes profits and fits my lifestyle the best.

--- 帖子 #1158 ---
it is H1 or higher the better.   Of course you can use M1, M5, noone is going to stop you.

--- 帖子 #1159 ---
If profit target is hit within 30 minutes on a 1 Hr signal but price moves back to trade entry point, can the trade be repeated? What is the feeling?

--- 帖子 #1160 ---
Definitely not.

--- 帖子 #1161 ---
first three days using system - 14 trades 12 winners - 17% increase in equity.

lovin it

pretty sure things will cool off but still this is excellent.

--- 帖子 #1162 ---
Wanna share out how you do it?

--- 帖子 #1163 ---
Guys,

I am starting a bring "OzFX" thread back campaign HERE... Vote the poll,.,,please your reply and voice ur concern.,..All I want is to bring this great thread to where it belongs...

Sonic

--- 帖子 #1164 ---
post a few chart will make it more meaningful

--- 帖子 #1165 ---
I just leave the dashboard open and when an alert sounds I place the trade. nothing under 15 minutes.

SL and TP just as stated in the rules.

I use a fibo indicator to guage exits but mostly I just let the rules take me out.

I am on the west coast so I only trade 11pm-1am and then again 7am-3pm.

I will post charts next week.

I suspect this is an unusually good result and a very small sample.

good trading next week everybody....

--- 帖子 #1166 ---
Anyone catch today morning nice pips from EG H4?

I caught it wif +35pips. What a nice Monday.

--- 帖子 #1167 ---
Lonely for this week. Only have 1 signal during on MOnday and that's made the week. But still glad for the profit

--- 帖子 #1168 ---
is it the trade you did on monday?  If you use H1, probably no trade

--- 帖子 #1169 ---
Juz back to my pc after 2 weeks of absence.

Here is the trade that I taken from H4.

EDit:

Try refer back the signal by pipnailer D1

Pair :usdjpy , audusd, audjpy, euraud.

All this become a false signal.

For me I believe the signal by H4 is more stable and valid compare to D1.

--- 帖子 #1170 ---
i don't trade mondays and fridays.

monday's are affected by weekend news, fridays are low volume.

--- 帖子 #1171 ---
What is going on here? Why someone paying to provide free service?

--- 帖子 #1172 ---
everyone has an agenda. everyone.

--- 帖子 #1173 ---
Lose 120++pips and win 20++pips

SO this week lose.

--- 帖子 #1174 ---
Let us see something special here due to diferent price feed by different broker.

If using alpari data feed, it should be a winning trade after all

Edit:

If use alpari data feed, wil set SL at1.5040

IBFX set as 1.5008

So IBfx get hit by SL but alpari is a winning trade

--- 帖子 #1175 ---
First off, I would like to thank everyone who has been involved in developing this thread and sharing this system - it is a great system!

This is my first post here on ForexFactory. I have read the entire thread from start to finish (2 days)! My eyes are dry and blurry, my brain is smoking, but I have the general theory. -- I THINK!!!!

I do have a question about the stop loss....

Attached is a pic of EUR/JPY H1. The nailed candle has a high of 146.11 and a low of 144.94. The ATR21 of the nailed candle is .63. The open of the next candle is 146.09. If I understand correctly, the S/L should be the same as the low of the nailed candle - 144.94. Our T/P should be the same number of pips from the open of the candle following the nailed candle - 147.24. The T/P was never hit as the high only reached 146.81 and the S/L would have been hit on the next candle.

Did I do all of my math right, and this was just a bad trade?

Also, if I figure my S/L and T/P from the ATR21 then my S/L would have been even lower... .63*5 = 3.15 for a S/L of 142.94.

Once again, did I figure the ATR21 correctly?

Thanks,

Brian

--- 帖子 #1176 ---
Hi,

Using ATR for exit might be a good way as well.

And for your entry and exit, perfectly calculated. So, no mistake at all.

But for your info, this setup is kinda of a using high probability win trade. So, its ok to have some of losses trade.

Let's do an example:

1) For the chart you posted, we might have a loss trade if we follow pre-defined rule. But if we using ATR, we have been end with a win trade but with smaller pips gain.

2) So, how about during every trade, you hit the ATR and exit your trades with small profit, but infact, if you set your TP by predefined rule, you might hit your TP, and gain a larger profit.
Wish I didn't make you confuse.

3) You might give a try on the ATR for longer period and see how things goes. Or you can adjust your SL to breakeven +1 when hit the ATR value, and let the predefined TP to do its job...

Afterall, welcome to this thread. It's a honour to our fxmoment to have your very first post in his thread.

--- 帖子 #1177 ---
This week we have tons of signal from H4, but also most many false signal. I have 3 signal, and all 3 is false signal.

Ouch, its pain. All the SL is high and very pain

--- 帖子 #1178 ---
Anyone trade today signal?

You will LOSE 3, but you win one from GJ is already enough. 500pips.

But too sad, all I didn't catch coz I not in house...

--- 帖子 #1179 ---
Hi all,

I only just now noticed Ash`s correction on the very first post of this thread: He states, that he doesn`t trade the system anymore (he stopped it almost 6 mth before).

Anybody trading it still successfully?

Thanks

Forex37

--- 帖子 #1180 ---
Hi all pippers,

I have been looking through this site and other similar sites which also use the same indicators (which look very promising). On viewing other trading systems i believe this thread would benifit a great deal with this indicator i am about to tell you about (due to the lack of time i am unable to provide pics ) it is known as centre of gravity also Arps Hurst Bands also Belkayate Bands. Basically they have a number of outter Bands and a central Middle Line , When prices reach these Outter bands there is meant to be 70% to 90% probability of bouncing back towards the middle line. Hence if we only trade at these pionts eg await for the price to touch them then await your Setup of AO,AC & Parabolic you should be in a more profitable trade.

A discription of the Arps can be found at :

http://www.esignalcentral.com/univer...arps/hurst.asp

Plus try googling !!!

Hope this can help some one out there.

Nightpipper.

--- 帖子 #1181 ---
Dear all,

almost an year has gone from the latest post, does anyone still using that strategy? Tonight i'd tried to place an order but it reached the s/l .. Is that system still workin'?

Thank in advance..

--- 帖子 #1182 ---
This is basically the "AshFx" system - you can find a lot about this system in this forum or in the own forum organized by AshFx .... and yes this is a good trading system ! Recently "SteveHopwod" is developing an EA for the AshFx system - you may find all the AshFx stuff in this forum.

--- 帖子 #1183 ---
Thank you anyway Mandl2007! After a lot of backtest i think i'd understand that I don't trust EA's.. Because I didn't find till today 1 EA profitable.. The most of them are looser.. Or ranging.. And I'd heard from many forums that EA's are strenghly correlated to a specific time period (i mean it works only after some month or weeks after the creation of that).. Then the market condition change and the EA results obsolete..

So i still prefer manual trading..

BTW the system of this thread today is doing well.. about  20 pips at the moment... Even if I entered late...

--- 帖子 #1184 ---
i put some fractals on with this it helps to know when to exit

--- 帖子 #1185 ---
hi guys,new to this thread.i find that these indicators repaint,befor the candle closes it has changed colors again so wundering how to interpret this thanks

--- 帖子 #1186 ---
You will be waiting for all 3 of the indis to change on 1 bar.

When this happens @ the close of the bar if all 3 are still giving the signal, enter the position.

So to simplify.... Wait until the end of the bar, if it's still a signal...GO!

Hope this helps Mikey12

--- 帖子 #1187 ---
Looks like a simple system.

--- 帖子 #1188 ---
Can we try this system in smaller time frame like 15M & 5M?

--- 帖子 #1189 ---
Yes you can, but you need to filter the original nailed candle. 10 -20 pips should not be a problem. I'm testing it at the moment. I've got a demo and live running. Took 1 pip live on EURUSD this morning after going to 12 pips. Trying to solve the exit problem have none at the moment except 10 or 20 pips.

--- 帖子 #1190 ---
Wow,first time i got reply in Forexfactory.

I am side way testing it.It working best in higher time frame.In case of 1M,we get very low pip.

I am also targeting at least 5 to 7 pip in per nailed candle.Currently i exit with the nailed candle.Dont take much risk.But exit rules can be done with AO & AC,when i both colors are same its good to go.But when anyone of it changes its better to exit.

Not sure about my rules.

--- 帖子 #1191 ---
I played around with several configurations of this method with an EA, but I couldn't get it to be consistantly profitable.

Maybe you'll have better luck than me doing it manually, but thats not really my thing.

--- 帖子 #1192 ---
Made a quick 30 pips and moved 2nd order to B/E. I know signals for this system come rare on 1H, so I placed a slightly bigger order. Thanks Ash!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1193 ---
just to check, anyone still using this system?

--- 帖子 #1194 ---
anyone using this or AshFX?

--- 帖子 #1195 ---
I don't know, but it was a great strategy. I had some success with it a while back..

I'll probably give it a try again next week.

--- 帖子 #1196 ---
I know this is an old, deserted thread, but just for the occasional visitor who stumbled onto it I wanna add some comments:

1. the 'Pip Nailer' system has very narrow (some would call it 'precise') entry rules, of which the requirement that the AO/AC have to change from one color to the other on the same candle and at the precise moment the Psar appears above/below that candle also is a bit too strict for my taste. I don't see what could be possibly wrong when, for instance, the AO moved upwards and turned green one candle before the AC does the same (and one candle before the Psar dot appears below that candle) - I even think it's only confirming that price is moving upwards and so it's a good thing, instead of some kind of signal to filter out bad trades...

2. when you add a 5.3.3 stochastic and change the settings for the Psar respectively to 0,03-0,20 and 0,05-0,20, you'll have the follow up systems (of the same maker): the AshFX v1 and AshFX v2, to be applied mainly to the H4 and D1 charts.

3. when used with some discretion, this can be a profitable system - i.e. applying some common, or  not so common, trading knowledge, like: 'don't get suckered into a buy when price gets pushed 10-20 pips above support/resistance, which can be found with or without indicators (pivots/round numbers/fibs/price action/etc.)' and wait at least for candles to close (see if they form 'pin bars' and/or if the next candle moves another 10 pips further up - you get the picture...) instead of jumping onto 'moving data', which is the typical beginners mistake (followed by 'moving the stop loss' in the hope that price will turn back your way, but will only get you trapped and in the end - you might get lucky a few times - blow up your account, as all experienced traders know :-)

Hope this helps out some struggling/beginning traders.

Cheers and good luck to you all

--- 帖子 #1197 ---
Heh, I haven't used this system in years. Check my first post. I stopped using it like 5 years ago.

--- 帖子 #1198 ---
Lol, talk about reviving a dead system/thread.

I personally don't trade this at all, (but that's not to say it doesn't have any merit).

However, I appreciate your post. Is the system profitable on it's own? No, it's not. But some of the pointers you've raised are valid, indeed they're valid for trading in general.

--- 帖子 #1199 ---
Does someone trading this strategy?

--- 帖子 #1200 ---
It seems that the number of losses one gets from this system exceeds the number of wins. Simply put, it needs an extra rule to filter out non-promising signals.

--- 帖子 #1201 ---
hi, could someone please modify the EA so it could work on live accounts?

Thanks in advance!

--- 帖子 #1202 ---
the great and simple system for me

thank bro forexmoments with this great work

keep go on, bro


===== 附件下载链接 =====

Pip_Nailer.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/77010?d=1199740064
pip_nailer.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/77011?d=1199740064
PipNailer.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/77383?d=1199835092
Parabolic SAR Color - Alert.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/77808?d=1199934663
painted pip nailer.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/78287?d=1200026229
pip nailer.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/78288?d=1200026229
Pip Nailer - Flying Fish.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/78373?d=1200049679
Pip Nailer 1.1 - Flying Fish.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/79276?d=1200401669
Pip Nailer 1.2 - Flying Fish.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/80117?d=1200610704
painted pip nailer with alerts.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/85751?d=1202784631
PipNailer DashBoard_v1.1.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/98860?d=1206845703
PipNailer DashBoard_v1.2.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/98912?d=1206885213
pip_nailer dashboard.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/98916?d=1206886292
PipNailer DashBoard_v1.3.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/98951?d=1206901966
PipNailer DashBoard_v1.4.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/98988?d=1206917941
pip_nailer dashboard.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/99242?d=1206995615
PipNailer DashBoard_v1.5.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/99243?d=1206995640
PipNailer2P DashBoard_v1.1.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/99245?d=1206996299
pip_nailer2p dashboard.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/99246?d=1206996299
PipNailer iSignals_v1.1.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/100595?d=1207340713
PipNailer oTradeSimulator_v1.1.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/100676?d=1207400521
PipNailer oTradeSimulator_v1.2.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/100710?d=1207411821
PipNailer DashBoardEquity_v1.1.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/100709?d=1207411579
PipNailer oTradeSimulator_v1.3.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/100732?d=1207421574
PipNailer DashBoardEquity_v1.3.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/100733?d=1207421574
PipNailer DashBoardEquity_v1.4.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/100758?d=1207438569
template_PipNailer8pairs_DashBoard.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/100821?d=1207486944
template_PipNailer8pairs_Equity.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/100822?d=1207486944
template_PipNailer8pairs_TradeSimulator.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/100823?d=1207486972
PipNailer DashBoardEquity_v1.4.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/100824?d=1207487590
PipNailer oTradeSimulator_v1.4.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/100825?d=1207487590
nailedchain.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/102014?d=1207836431
PipNailer EAtester_v1.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/102583?d=1208094570
PipNailer EA_MTF_v1.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/102970?d=1208212627
PipNailer EA_MP_MTF_v1.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/102971?d=1208212627
PipNailer EA_MP_MTF_v2.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/103320?d=1208304808
PipNailer01.doc: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/103460?d=1208351676
PipNailer EA_MP_MTF_v2.1.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/103647?d=1208406355
PipNailer iSignals_v2.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/103648?d=1208406355
b-clock modified.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/104370?d=1208569094
Candle_Time.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/104371?d=1208569094
New Folder.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/104982?d=1208797493
painted pip nailer.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/108664?d=1209785003
b-clock modified.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/111275?d=1210547701
Fibonacci Pivots.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/112464?d=1210803701
HMA.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/113202?d=1210980626
HMA_Angle.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/113203?d=1210980626
SHI_SilverTrendSig-3.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/115390?d=1211651498
Trade Logs.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/116027?d=1211905671
Pipnailer2.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/119568?d=1212844955
Pipnailer2.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/119617?d=1212881273
pipnailer_perkyV1_EA.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/120175?d=1213079906
RWI.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/120176?d=1213079949
StrategyTester.doc: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/120224?d=1213087425
StrategyTester.doc: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/120226?d=1213087986
Trade Log.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/120328?d=1213111864
Pipnailer2.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/120329?d=1213112187
Pipnailer Entry.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/120331?d=1213112663
Pipnailer Original.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/120335?d=1213113137
Pipnailer2.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/120637?d=1213182912
PIP Nailer.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/126576?d=1214977333
b-clock modified.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/126577?d=1214977333
###Auto Pivot.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/127194?d=1215106332
Parabolic SAR Color - Alert.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/127195?d=1215106332
###Auto Pivot.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/127328?d=1215149940
b-clock modified.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/127329?d=1215149940
PIP Nailer.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/127330?d=1215149996
Parabolic SAR Color - Alert.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/127332?d=1215150054
Parabolic SAR Color - Alert.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/127333?d=1215150054
in&out.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/127994?d=1215452413
BarClock.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/127996?d=1215452464
b-clock modified.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/127998?d=1215452491
PIP Nailer + DIBS.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/128012?d=1215453795
PIP Nailer.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/128013?d=1215453795
Parabolic SAR Color - Alert.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/128014?d=1215453816
PipNailer_AutoTrader.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/128909?d=1215643242
#MTF Stochastic v2.0.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/138982?d=1218511786
PipNailer DashBoard_v1.4.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/139594?d=1218657372
PipNailer DashBoard_v1.5.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/139595?d=1218657372
PipNailer iSignals_v2.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/139596?d=1218657404
PipNailer_AutoTrader.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1495401?d=1408788431
