===== 帖子内容 =====

--- 帖子 #1 ---
You will notice from the attached screenshots that I trade at a very efficient level. What you are seeing is not a trader being boastful; you are seeing a trader that is a “student of the game”.

I do not nor will I ever pretend to be a guru or a “System Expert”. After 10 years of trading I am still learning myself. I don’t use a “system” I use a “style”, a style that suits me based on the principals and theories that I read, learned & absorbed. Not theories that I formulated myself, I am after all still just a “student of the game”, and I strive every day to learn something new.

BREAK! Due to the large number of posts in this thread I have started this thread again at page 58 click here once you have finished reading Post #1! You are all welcome - please read the thread rules before posting!

I posted these results in another thread, when I was called to the carpet by a trader that blasted me for “showing off” about my trading results, although that was not my intention (to show off that is). I was literally offering my help and got BLASTED out of the forum. It was my intention to prove to him that these results are easily attainable - nothing more. As I said, results will never be posted again!

Well needless to say since posting those results I have been asked by many traders to post my system, share my system, to teach them my system. They all received the same reply from me – I don’t trade a system, I trade with a style, or a mindset for the mostly forgotten, rarely used “basics” if you will.

Yes, I trade roughly anywhere from 85% to 96% accuracy. Does this make me a guru? Am I lying about the stats? How are these results possible?

1. I am no Guru, I am a student 2. No, I am not lying and 3. These results are possible for a number of reasons, of which I will detail as this thread progress; if it progresses at all.

It appears to me that everyone wants the easy system; they want it handed to them. No wherewithal that they are capable of so much more, if they learn to de-clutter their trading lifestyle.

I am willing to help, willing to show you what I do to consistently achieve these results. But I am incapable of providing a hard and fast system - sorry!

Is this style successful? Do you want it to be? Can I promise these results for you? Sorry I can't, but I can help you learn.

The success of this style is dependent upon how well you follow instruction, how well you trade within yourself; it has nothing to do with me.

If you want the easy method, the easy way, click the back button on your browser and go join one of the hundreds of systems out there.

My style is not easy, but it gets easier once you’ve learned to see what has been right in front of you since the very first day you ever opened a trade station.

Who’s up for it? Any takers?

--- 帖子 #2 ---
All ears, u sound like the real deal.

--- 帖子 #3 ---
Listening mate.

--- 帖子 #4 ---
Please continue

--- 帖子 #5 ---
how those results are possible??????

shed the light plz!

I know it'll NOT be easy, and I'm looking for a style instead of a system too!

Thanks a lot!

--- 帖子 #6 ---
Sounds a bit like Greg Wilson's style of trading.  A few indicators and gut feel.

--- 帖子 #7 ---
Sounds wonderful but is it?

Eagerly awaiting more.

M.

--- 帖子 #8 ---
Ok Let’s put this beast together bit by bit:

The History and why (self evident)

The God Father: H.M Gartley
H.M. Gartley first outlined the basic structure of the ABCD pattern and butterfly patterns. This is the most basic of rules in what drives the Forex market and also the DIRECT reason why most traders sit squarely in the 95% club.

Your trade failed? Why? Did you account for the fact that maybe you missed the most primal reason? The end of a B to C leg maybe? Or the completion of the ABCD pattern? Did you account for that? No? Why? Because your hard and fast system said to sell? “Oh, I’m sorry you just blew your account”.

Get your hands on anything and everything about Gartley patterns (the internet is flooded with the stuff). Do not learn to trade the patterns inclusive of themselves, but learn to see when a pattern starts, which leg is it in, how far will B to C go? Where can I enter, and when should I exit? Of course as we progress I will provide examples, post charts and explain.

"Please don’t worry I have an indicator that will paint these patterns for you, will SHOW you ABCD and various types of Butterfly patterns (which are failed ABCD patterns at some point, by the way). I will post the indicator in due course."

The God Father II: Bill Williams

Excuse me for being so bold, but until your system receives its own set of indicators and implemented into every trading platform known to man – you can keep it.

I prefer to dance with Chaos, the key words there? “Dance With”! Which we will do in here, we will dance all over these charts!

Download or buy Bill Williams book “New Trading Dimensions” and read it 10 times or more! Learn each of his six dimensions; as you read the dimensions, have a chart open and make comparative analysis between your chart and the examples given in the book.

Teach yourself to take at least 5 successful trades from each dimension method before moving on to the next dimension! Learn it, love it and breathe it

In closing - I believe I have found a perfect combination of indicators, Oscillators and moving averages to compliment our God Fathers systems.

As we build this style, I will post one indicator at a time with it's explanation and how I use it (until we've completed the chart)

Thread rules are next

--- 帖子 #9 ---
Really? You think so? A Gut feeling returns a 91% success rate? Brother, it is exactly that mindset that WILL fail you. Never presume to know something that you don't know.

I'll be posting my thread rules next. This sort of post will not be allowed in here my man. Come join us, but leave your gut feeling at the door!

We good?

--- 帖子 #10 ---
Thread Rules: Respect, Integrity always Never EVER speak in this thread of conspiracy theories, stop hunting brokers etc. If you manage your trades properly, neither of these should affect you anyway. Do not attempt to introduce any system, indicator, EA or otherwise into this thread (other than what I introduce). Doing so will earn you a one way ticket out of here Never, ever, ever speak ill of someone else in this thread.  I don’t care how mad you get, take it off line. This thread is meant to be conducive to learning, not your personal sounding board. If someone posts a chart with an incorrect premise, do not scold, demean or otherwise. Share your thoughts. I am more than certain that I will post charts with an incorrect premise; I am NOT the expert, and I would thank you for correcting me. We are all equal in here, share what you see and why you think you see it. Post your charts! We will use an established set of indicators, which will never change. Why? Because our premise is based off the Chaos Theory (human greed and emotion); because of that, this system will never be “conspira-sized” stop hunted or otherwise. We are not smart enough to change it, but we damn sure can use it! Do not PM me to speak of starting a separate website or selling services. I am not interested; I make a very comfortable living trading from home. I am here to help. I am not here to rob hopes and steal dreams.  No assumptions or presumptions of what you think you know. If you know it all, why are you here?

--- 帖子 #11 ---
Sure we good.  Just a shot in the dark.

You sail too?

--- 帖子 #12 ---
OK - so I think you are getting the gist of it. The basics right? Not so fast. The basics sure, but how do we enter? Where do we enter, do we trail? What are the signals?

This is not as simple as just using an ABCD pattern, or using one of Bill Williams trading dimensions. This is not based off a gut feeling either! This style is not that simple, it is complex in there are MANY signals, MANY ways to enter, MANY ways to exit. If it were a matter of Gartley or Bill Williams, this thread would be called Gartley or Bill Williams. There is more, much more that will be uncovered well after we have constructed a chart.

We use the basics, but we also use moving averages, Fibonacci, Pivots, Oscillators, reversal patterns. They are always there - the signals are ALWAYS there, somewhere. Don't see one on the daily? Look at the 4H, not there either? Go to another time frame - trust me when I say the collective IS ALWAYS THERE! They are looking at you right NOW! Do see the formation of an A to B leg on the EU RIGHT NOW?

I digress. This is new to me, I am trying to figure out the best way to present the indicators. Bear with me

--- 帖子 #13 ---
No sir I don't sail, but I can adjust them for the winds in my life!

--- 帖子 #14 ---
Congrats 9er,

This man is capable of what he is projecting here...

its a good idea that you started a separate thread.... your own kingdom....

My contribution will always be thare for your thread...

Wish you all the best...

FX-Pro

--- 帖子 #15 ---
OK to start with let's open a fresh chart of the EU (or whichever pair you prefer, EXOTICS BEWARE!)

To this chart drop in the following Bill Williams indicators (with default settings):

Fractals

Alligator

Awesome Oscillator

When finished your chart should look like the attached

--- 帖子 #16 ---
Thank you brother!

--- 帖子 #17 ---
Thanks for being willing to share and teach 9er.  I'm going to join in on the process and look forward to learning something new.

--- 帖子 #18 ---
Ok next RSI (Relative strength Index). Drop an RSI onto your chart (add to the default settings from MT4: 40, 50 & 60).

Did you know that the RSI can be used as a crystal ball? I LOVE the RSI! It can be used to signal the end of a trend, the beginning of a new trend.

Did you also know that the RSI can keep you in a positive trade in one direction even if it strikes 30 or 70 repeatedly? I call this strategic placement of trailing a stop. With the RSI I have ridden waves of 90 to 190 pips? One of my favorite little secrets!

Before properly learning this indicator, I had trouble, severe trouble figuring out how to exit my trades. I never knew how long to "stay in". I would close a trade for profit only to watch it continue to go my direction? Not anymore folks! You can ride waves - pretty damn effortlessly! I rode one today for 70 pips!

Your chart should now look like this:

--- 帖子 #19 ---
Ok next - boring I know but SO important. Add your daily pivot points. I use IBFX these indicators come by default. You can use any pivot indicator you choose so long as it is for the Daily. We are intra-day traders.

If you trade the daily charts, drop a weekly pivot indicator -

Pivots are so critical

Your chart should now look like this:

--- 帖子 #20 ---
My last post of the day. Sorry but I have been awake for 18 hours now and am so TIRED.

Next drop a 200 Simple Moving Average (not smoothed, not exponential or otherwise), just simple (we like simple). Apply to close.

I want to pre-empt this next indicator with a word of CAUTION!

Attached is a ZUP indicator that paints ABCD, butterfly, Gartley and various other patterns. Unless you are absolutely sure that you know what you are doing, do not take a trade based solely because this indicator has painted a pattern! The worst mistake you can make is to trade this indicator blindly. You have been warned!

Drop the indicators into your Experts - Indicators folder. I've included a template for those of you that wish to use it.

Sorry folks but seeing double vision. Tomorrow we trade this baby!

Once you have restarted your MT4 your chart should look like this:

--- 帖子 #21 ---
Sorry grabbed the wrong chart - double vision.

Your chart should look like this:

--- 帖子 #22 ---
Oh yeah - one last last post. If you are tracking the EU. The current candle (1800 GMT) is sitting at 50% fibo retracement level of the X to A leg (A to B is about finished!). If you go short, keep your stops tight and take quick pips (5 to 10) and exit!

--- 帖子 #23 ---
9er

I love your approach and your well worded literature.

I look forward to more!

--- 帖子 #24 ---
Nice job on explaining 9er.  I actually like the step by step method of explaining that you are using.  Look forward to what tomorrows lessons will be.  Get some rest!!!

--- 帖子 #25 ---
Looking at your template and attaching it some of my charts I have to say that this looks more than promising. Already waiting for your next posts!

Thanks a lot for sharing and helping people new to forex trading.

--- 帖子 #26 ---
Hello 9er,

I am a ratio and harmonic trader. I must say that advance patterns and ratios are among the cleanest and most profitable ways to trade. I agree with you and hope the followers take your advise to heart they cannot be traded blindly. I will follow your thread and hope to learn from you as well. It's always a real treat to see experienced traders share real knowledge and not throw useless system that work magically in backtesting only to fail in live trading. Looking forward to your posts .

--- 帖子 #27 ---
I just stumbled on to your thread.. A breath of fresh air... For those who don't get it " and there are many " It is truly a mind set.. If order to trade successfully one must change the "mind set".. Most will never be able to acheive this one nessary move.

As far as your results.. There will be those who will never believe simply because they themselves are unable to achieve. They have also fallen into the wrong mind set that it simply cannot be done..Nothing could farther from the truth..

Until they are willing to " learn to de-clutter their trading lifestyle " they will never get it nor will you be able to teach someone like this.

For all of those unwilling to change internally... The road will be very painfull and costly !! After 12 years, 10's of 1000's of dollars made and lost, I did not turn profitable till I changed my mind set, simplified and moved away from the system idea.

Successful trading is a methodology w/ rules attached. Yes we can argue the symantics of words, system or method .. but that would be pointless. Most all have heard that trading is 90% mental and 10% method.. I'm 100% in that camp. look at all the great traders throughout history till now..one can argue the vast majority of them operated within a methodology w/ rules attached.

Your statement : 'My style is not easy, but it gets easier once you’ve learned to see what has been right in front of you since the very first day you ever opened a trade station'

Simpy >>> Trade what you see .. Not what you think. How many time have we looked back onto a trade and asked ourselves " What the &%$^$ was I thinking when I did that? " We lost money because we allowed our thinking ( opinion ) to get in the way of what we see.

What is pervasive on FF ( and sad ) is there are many who are willing to share what they have learned ( AT NO CHARGE ) yet >>> there are some so quick to condem. The need to be right overtakes them. They become their own worst enemy. For all those with that mind set ( there's that term again ) you may want to consider a different profession, past time, or hobbie as trading may not be an option for you.

I look forward to what you have to offer. There are many things one can learn in the world of trading.

Good trading to all

TSD

--- 帖子 #28 ---
i have the same problem i don't know when to close a trade can u explain more about how u use the rsi?

--- 帖子 #29 ---
looks great so far, looking forward to some more great posts tomorrow on how to trade with this new indicator

--- 帖子 #30 ---
Hi 9er

Excellent! Good to see you again!

I read about "that" . . . just ignore it!

I am subscribed  (u just made my weekend busy )

Pls. post more charts to ease understanding (me poor in English reading )

Happy Pipping.

Cheer

--- 帖子 #31 ---
Subscribe. Thanks for sharing.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #32 ---
Very discipline stuff

All should abide it to ensure this thread succeeds!

Very excited!

Thanks

--- 帖子 #33 ---
I hope I'm not posting a chart out of content although I use no indicators and trade advance patterns I wanted to add a market example to validate 9er's premise on patterns and the how to the untrained eye can become difficult to identify. If this upsets the thread in any way please excuse my post and I will reframe from posting just thought it to be helpful.

--- 帖子 #34 ---
Good day to everyone. I want to thank everyone that sent me a PM, I do appreciate them. But I would like to ask that you do not think of me as an expert. As I said in Post #1, I am no expert.

Reading your PM's gave me a sense of confidence that I realized I am not comfortable with. Being over confident gives you rose colored glasses and as Murphy would dictate, causes you to make mistakes.

I started this thread not only to show you how I trade, but also to learn from you, again I strive everyday to learn something new.

Haven't really looked at the charts yet. I love how Asia puts the market to sleep. I did notice briefly that price moved to the 61.8 fibo level of the X to A leg. Beyond that I haven't that I haven't looked at the charts. About another hour and half before I sit at my desk.

Wanted to go through and answer some of your feedback.

Good luck today

--- 帖子 #35 ---
Thank you Mr pip - and too right you are. No worries you didn't upset the thread.

I would like to ask everyone a favor though. If you are going to post a chart, post one using the template I provided. The reason I ask this, is because my eyes are used to looking at this same template, this same theme for a few years now. My eyes are trained for this template

I ask that you get used to looking at only one pair and only one template. Your eyes get really comfortable spotting signals. If you look at a chart different than yours, your mind tries to over compensate your eyes and you might not see what you need to.

As an example, I loved Mr.Pip's attached chart, but when I opened it, it looked strange and out of place. You get used to a theme of how you look at the chart. You really should stay consistent to that chart.

It is just like anything. The longer you do something, the better you get at it, your mind develops. The second that you change it up, you may as well start at the beginning, because your mind compensates for the change and pushes the reset button.

The exact same thing applies to what pair you trade. Each pair acts differently, each one reacts a little differently around our indicators. The more you look at one pair, the more used to it's movement you become, the better you get "predicting" it's movement.

The thing with Forex is we are always forward thinking. Changing systems, or changing a chart is the same as "One step forward, two steps back", only you don't realize it, because your not used to thinking that way.

Forex success is driven by consistent redundancy. We use methods that are tried and true over the years, they haven't changed; why should you?

make sense?

--- 帖子 #36 ---
i would like to know more about the RSI..what is the secret behind it..how rsi can generate the signal..?..0 line crossing?

--- 帖子 #37 ---
0 Line crossing! That is AWESOME! Thank you for the chuckle! Not laughing at you, laughing because if the RSI crossed the 0 line I think we would ALL be in trouble! Although your premise is correct, the secret (while probably not a secret to many traders) is the crossing of the "50"

Look at your chart, find any area where a major reversal occured, whether by virtue of candlestick reversal pattern or otherwise.

Compare that moment in time to the RSI. Chances are it is tagging either the 30 or the 70. If the reversal candle is strong enough, I would enter my first trade at the conclusion of that candle, at the low or high plus the spread plus 1 pip (stop orders of course).

Now gradually follow the trend and the RSI. As price moves, the RSI moves up or down as well. Look at the point on the RSI where it crosses "50". The candle that cooresponds with it will be either bullish or bearish depending on the direction (as well should be the candle that precedes it).

Wait for the candle that crosses the 50 to close and set another buy or sell stop at that candles high or low (again depending the bias).

Here is where it can get a bit hair raising and where you should be really looking at your other indicator's for confirmation (ALWAYS look for confirmation from one of the other indicators!). The reason is and you will see it on the chart is that sometimes price just reverses off the 50 in the RSI, this is called a fakeout or false breakout.

Setting a buy or sell stop here usually keeps you out of hotwater with fake outs. If you manage your first trade right, you should have locked in some guaranteed pips for the bounce the other way. There's more about this indictor I haven't covered yet!

I'll cover trade management next.

--- 帖子 #38 ---
scalp trading?

--- 帖子 #39 ---
This is the way I trade, this is how I manage. If it suits you great, if not great also! My entries often times stem from candlestick reversal patterns. For the sake of this instruction let's leave it at that.

The way I trade is simple. The closure of the active signal candle is where I am at. bearish divergent candle closes; A sell stop goes to the low of that candle minus the spread of the pair, minus 1 pip (can't tell you how much this formula has kept me out of a false premise)

Samething applies to Bullish divergent candles. At the high of the candle, plus the spread plus 1 pip

Stop loss (when I use them) at the other end of the bearish or bullish candle plus the spread plus 1 pip. same applies here, can't tell you how many times my stop loss was missed, by less than 1 pip and the pair moved into my favor.

My rule for stop loss. If I am going to be in front of my computer, I get lazy and don't use stop loss, trading at 85% accuracy does that to you. I also have the wherewithal to close my trade if it reaches what I would have earmarked as my stop loss.

Goes without saying, I spot or attempt a prediction but I know I will be away from my computer when the stop order is hit, I ALWAYS USE A STOP LOSS. not doing so, if you won't be around for the trigger, is simply stupid.

--- 帖子 #40 ---
What would forex be without it? Yes we will be scalping also! Rangebound markets are a BLAST to scalp trade with. Never let anyone tell you that rangebound markets can't be traded! So untrue

--- 帖子 #41 ---
Hopefully I'm not jumping the gun but do you think you can post a chart with your entry on it and explain what you say and why you entered?  I'm a visual guy so that would help me a great deal.

If you planned on doing this and I just jumped the gun please ignore my request and continue on the way you have been.

--- 帖子 #42 ---
I will be posting charts. Right now though, just hoping to avoid confusion as to why I've taken a trade without first introducing its premise. Keep in mind I have been trading this style for a few years, so I tend to jump all over the place, which might cause some confusion.

We'll get to the meat soon enough!

--- 帖子 #43 ---
Not a problem.  Continue on with you plan.  Sorry for rushing.

--- 帖子 #44 ---
Hi

Signed up and willing to learn and thanks for your time and will power to sit

with a class of learners.

John

--- 帖子 #45 ---
Ok - let's kick this thing off. Looking at the daily time frame we can see that yesterday's candle closed pretty bullish. The RSI is sitting squarley on the 60 indicating a moderatley over bought pair.

What I key on here for the RSI was it crossed over on the 21st indicating a new trend (bullish). Until the RSI crosses over or touches the 50 going down, my mind set for the daily is Bullish (using yestreday's bullish candle) and the fact that the RSI is sideways on the 60. My mindset right now is look for buy opportunities.

Now look at the candle for the 27th, it's high and the candle right before it - You see the double top between those two candles yes? The completion of the 27th's candle is bearish engulfing to the candle preceding it (screaming sell). And it did go down all day yesterday until the 1900 GMT us news release (which also corresponded with the 200 on the 4H, take a look - IT BOUNCED!).

Ok now I draw fibonacci from X to what I determined to be the A leg (in the attached chart). Fibonacci's premise is that price will retrace to the 38.2 level in strong trending markets (remember the RSI crossed the 50 on the 21st, turning the bias bullish). You will see that yesterday's candle retraced to exactly to the 38.2 level

Warning signs for me. The A to B leg is usually formed with more than 1 candle, but the retrace was there none the less. Speculation says that this pair might not be done going down (at least in the short term). inverted candles get ignored all the time but rarely on the daily TF

Quandry: What is our Bias?

More to follow

--- 帖子 #46 ---
Hi 9er,

I did download the template & indicators but how come my template come out without the 'butterfly'...only the alligator,rsi,awesome & fractals...pls help.

--- 帖子 #47 ---
now to the 4H and a little confirmation (love it when a plan comes to together). A look at the attached chart shows also (first notice the bounce off the 200 - LOVE that MA!). A quick draw of a fib from X to A (A being the bounce off the 200) begins to paint a picture. Believe what we will see is the advancement of the A to B leg to any of the drawn fibo levels (my guess would be the 38.2).

So if we know that X to A is finished, it stands to reason that A to B is forming, we can slowly start to see entry opportunies. For me (from the 4H), I see an immediate opportunity for a Buy stop at the high of the 61.8 retracement level (plus spread, plus 1 pip - for me +3 pips from the 61.8) 1.29616. I am going small here because the Awesome oscillator sorely disagrees with me at this point.

I'll explain: in actuality when the AO crosses the zero line, this indicates a reversal of momentum (not necessarily trend). The momentum is slowing from the bullish bias - why? because it needs to form the A to B leg. Price is currently at the 50.0 fibo. I believe it will go to the 38.2, allowing time for the lagging AO to catch up.

Remember any time the B to C leg can actually retrace all the way to the A, as long as it doesn't exceed A's low it is a true retracement. If C ever exceeds A the premise of the ABCD pattern is GONE. Reset, delete any pending orders from the premise, take your hand off the mouse and move on.

Any questions?

--- 帖子 #48 ---
Post your chart brother

--- 帖子 #49 ---
And please ignore the sell stop on the chart. That was a premise from yesterday and purely speculation. it is now deleted

--- 帖子 #50 ---
this is the template.

--- 帖子 #51 ---
On to the 1H. Further confirmation that short term bearish retrace is still being contemplated draw your FIB from A to B. It is apparent to me that B to C is being formed here as well. Notice also my buy stop from the 4H premise matches nicely with the high of B. I am more comfortable with this and can now use the much smaller candle on this TF for my stop loss (1.29478) my preference only.

Notice also the RSI is bouncing off the 50. until it crosses the fifty - I mean CROSSES the 50 I am bullish on the 1H (another confirmation)

If this is truly the B to C leg, once it completes we can draw a fib (from B to C) and determine our target area for profit.

Any questions?

--- 帖子 #52 ---
Uh no sir it isn't. it is an excel file, a file that I never download from any forum (due to macros). I need you to post a chart please.

--- 帖子 #53 ---
sorry....

--- 帖子 #54 ---
Damn I can't believe I left this out. Bill Williams Fractals. When price crosses through the alligator mouth you look for the first fractal to form OUTSIDE of the alligators mouth. The absolute strongest and best opportunity for a buy or sell stop - very powerful

Take a look at the 1H chart, find the first up fractal that formed outide the mouth. In this case the fractal price corresponds very nicely with my buy stop.

Are you starting to see how these indicators work eith in solo or in tandum with each other? Now that I have formed my premise of a trade, set my buy stop, now I simply wait.

--- 帖子 #55 ---
There used to be a ZUP or Gartley indi that printed ABCD on the chart - don't think I have it any more.

--- 帖子 #56 ---
Lion King - the thing with the TPL file is if you were missing indicators on your platform, I am not. using your TPL file does me no good because it looks fine on my station

I cannot help you unless I can see your chart. Please post a chart

--- 帖子 #57 ---
Please post a chart

--- 帖子 #58 ---
And we are in long

--- 帖子 #59 ---
Now we look for an opportunity to remove the risk.

--- 帖子 #60 ---
Does anyone else see an inverted head and shoulder pattern on this chart?

--- 帖子 #61 ---
Now is the time I shock you with my trade management. From a trade perspective, my goal is 10 pips per day. I can tell you that for this trade, under my normal trading conditions I would have also placed a TP at 5 pips, and have already banked half my quota.

Then I move to the 5m and 15M to scalp my way to 10 pips. Once at 10 pips, I lower lot size and spend the day looking for any more entries

Here though - it is my intention if the EU will allow me, to show you how to:

1. remove the risk

2. lock in profits

3. trail your stop behind price, gradually locking in profits, this is a whole process in and of itself, that requires supreme patience!

--- 帖子 #62 ---
ok - move your stop to Break even and breath, the risk is gone. If you get taken out on the BE - no worries there are other opportunies. never enter twice in the same candle (my preference)

--- 帖子 #63 ---
ok - I drew a fibo from B to C and did not like what I saw. Price has already exceeded the 127.0 level of the B to C leg (actually it is pushing the 261).

So hopefully I am not seeing the beginning of a pinbar - but time will tell. I literally have NO clue what it is going to do, it is approaching a daily pivot point also - so what next?

#2 Lock in profit. I just moved my stop to lock in my 5 pips! i am happy - I just made half my daily quota!

Next we look to trail our stop if the EU lets us.

--- 帖子 #64 ---
resolve my problem....already have the right template...now it's time to study this style.thank you

--- 帖子 #65 ---
Also one last point - I know I am ranting but this is how I trade. Notice the RSI getting ready to tag 70 on the 1H. When it does that and if my stop has not already been taken out, depending on what candle forms in conjunction with the RSI at 70, I move my stop in segments, not by the candle.

We are still bullish and when RSI hits 70 it's a good chance that the next candle will close bearish, but not necessarily a true trend reversal.

If the 70 tagged candle is extremely bearish (like a large inverted hammer), my stop is moved to it's low, with a sell stop just below that. These are the opportunites where your pip Wave riding take place!

If the candle is indifferent with it's bias, I move my stops in segments. I find the most recent higher low and move my stop below it. I keep doing this until a candle paints on the chart that tells me to exit.

Using this method I have gone on 150 pip rides (including last week)

Can anyone find the long ride I took last week? hint: It went through until Friday (Ipaid a hefty swap fee, but banked quite a bit!)

--- 帖子 #66 ---
Do we use the fibo levels that are supplied with the IBFX platform or must we add on and if so,

what is your suggestion please?

Regards

John

--- 帖子 #67 ---
Hello, 9er.

Just a quick question in order to make sure I understand you correctly - by saying "first fractal formed outside the mouth" you mean you look for a candle formed completely outside the moving averages, right?

--- 帖子 #68 ---
Great teaching.  I'm probably a bit slower than most but I'm learning and going to keep pushing forward.  It's easy to see that you have developed a strong vibe with the market and that is very impressive.

--- 帖子 #69 ---
Hello 9er, I have one question too.

If you use this your 'style', about how many trades do you make in 1 day?

--- 帖子 #70 ---
Very interesting! Take a hard look at this chart (1H). I've marked it up for you and use it as an example that things change, and all is not hard coded.

Speculation: have we truly just completed the B to C leg? Was what I thought to be X really A?

Believe we are about to see a reversal here. My stop has been take out at +5 pips. The last candle went to the 78.6 retrace, if this premise is true - believe for the rest of the day we are going to see price going down.

Any thoughts?

--- 帖子 #71 ---
Really don't track it too much, but if I had to average it - it would be 2 trades a day. Remember we don't live in the past, we think forward and never worrie about such things! Your most important trade is your next one

--- 帖子 #72 ---
Exactly to the 78.6!

--- 帖子 #73 ---
If this is B to C our target will be around the 1.2850 area.

Draw your FIB from B to C and the target area is usually the 127.0 to the 161.8.

This premise now cannot be ignored until price continues to creep upwards and exceeds what we now lable as A's high.

We wait

--- 帖子 #74 ---
subscribed 9er...indeed a student handbook for me...will study ur way and hopefully learn it

--- 帖子 #75 ---
For your reference

--- 帖子 #76 ---
Use the default. but also notice that the ZUP indicator provides the fibo in it's drawings

--- 帖子 #77 ---
yes COMPLETELY outside the mouth

--- 帖子 #78 ---
Donatello thank you. You start somewhere right? This method is so hard to teach in a practical classroom type setting. There truly is so much more, which I will share as the trade opportunites present themselves.

if ever you feel overwhelmed, take a break - this style can come across as complex, but literally I am only trying to make you see every possible angle before taking a trade. It truly does does get easier, but it is critical you don't mix and match styles, systems or pairs.

Stay with one pair, one style and before too long you too will find your groove

You'll get it, of that I have no doubt!

--- 帖子 #79 ---
Thanks 9er.  I really appreciate that.  I'm sticking to EUR/USD only.  I don't want to try and bite off more than I can chew.  I'm paying attention to everything that you are sharing and taking notes also.

I don't expect to have a solid grasp anytime soon but I know with hard work and focus, I will get there.

--- 帖子 #80 ---
9er

From memory I think is was the KorHarmonics 6.7.13 version that drew ABCD - don't have the indi any more but sure you can find it on google.

--- 帖子 #81 ---
Thank you Handy - but not really needed

--- 帖子 #82 ---
Well good to see the EU continuing to go up, bummed it took out my stop before doing so. RSI is now at 70.

On the RSI I have received questions concerning exactly how to use it. Basically I use it to determine over bought over sold (obviously). The real trick and test of one's real mental fortitude is using it to stay in a trade.

I've marked up a chart for you. I took this trade (for 217 pips by the way) starting on the 21st of Nov. Price hit the 200 and bounced, RSI confirmed end of trend. I entered at 1.27602. I locked in 20 pips after about 6 hours, then the RSI crossed the 50 (bonus!). Now I began moving my stop in segments. The RSI would hit 70 and small retrace would ensue, but no divergent candles.

I kept my eye on the RSI and watched for any bearish divergent candle. Despite hitting 70 repeatedly, no divergent candles. I kept moving it up because the RSI stayed ABOVE 50.

When I finally decided to move my stop was at the top most pinbar, the RSI was at 65, but the AO screamed divergence (as it had been for about the last 18 hours. This can only go on so long - it was time to move it up.

The very next candle, I was stopped and my subsequent sell stop was triggered at 1.29764, which again I rode down though the 50 on the RSI and waited for the next divergent candle at 1.28870 for 90 more pips.

I missed the subsequent candle as I was sleeping at this point. But the bottom line is, that RSI can and will keep you in the trade. Just look for divergent candles in conjunction with the RSI stabbing 70 or 30

--- 帖子 #83 ---
Thanks for answer. Yea sometimes only 1 trade is equally worth what 40 previous

Good luck

--- 帖子 #84 ---
10 more pips to a triple top on the daily. Which corresponds to every lower TF and the 1.3000 psycho level

--- 帖子 #85 ---
Still a pretty sterling looking ABCD to me. 1.30 is key

--- 帖子 #86 ---
Keep up the good work.

Thanx for showing the A B C on the chart .

--- 帖子 #87 ---
Third consecutive hour over 70 on RSI. Last candle closed inverted bearish (albight quite small). I'm settling in for a drop, sell stop at 1.29774

Quite a bit of news coming in the next hour and half

--- 帖子 #88 ---
While I appreciate a consistant 90 plus viewers to the thread, I have to admit I am growing more and more tired of talking to myself. Folks I am sorry but not sure how much longer I'll keep this post alive.

I am no expert and would LOVE some company

--- 帖子 #89 ---
Three sisters? Cancelled sell stop

--- 帖子 #90 ---
Watching your thread with a great deal of interest. I thought it best if I sit back and evaluate before making too many comments. I am off to bed now ( from Aussie) and will log in again tomorrow and hopefully have some imput then. keep up the good work.

gregben

--- 帖子 #91 ---
Whilst you are hoping for more input from followers of this thread I suspect that many (as am I) are trying to get their head around the way that you trade. It is certainly not straightforward and, for me at least, not that easy to pick up. It was only yesterday that you started the thread ... give us a chance before you lose patience!

And I believe that you said we should read the book 10 times before starting .... I have only got to the first 30 pages the first time :-(

Anyway, GL, I hope that you continue.

M.

--- 帖子 #92 ---
I've ordered the book and will devour it shortly but I'm interested to know your thinking on trend vs countertrend trades.

You're able to stay in trends like last week but also ready to stop and reverse also.  Can you elaborate?

--- 帖子 #93 ---
Can you please explain in more detail why you cancelled the sell stop?

By the way - I am learning a lot. Keep it coming...

--- 帖子 #94 ---
Hey 9er,

I hope you keep this alive and haven't posted because I'm absorbing your style which is indeed an art. I don't use indicators and trade off of Ninja Trader which doesn't have most of the indicators you use. I am studing how your selected indicators help you confirm your premise and I'm intrigued. I've always found fib ratios and confluence areas to be my price action confirmation. I have found that due to the lagging nature of the indicators their confirmation puts traders into a trade at a retail price. I try to engage the market at a wholesale price if you get what I mean. I believe you are using the indicators as they were ment to be used. Price action is king and using price action to confirm what the indicators are hinting to is the proper way to read the charts. Too many traders get caught up in the indicator hype and wait for all red dots for sell and all green to buy and don't understand that by the time all that lined up they are often one to two thirds of a way into a swing and bam game over. This is why 90% fail and the reason for all those systems out there with big promises and little to no diliverance. I will not post any charts as I am unable to match your charts at present time. I am a full time trader and not familiar with MT4 so I would have to take time figure it out. If I can contibute in any way I will do so.

Cheers,

Mr. Pip

--- 帖子 #95 ---
Cancelled it the same reason I would still be riding this wave up. The last candle closed pretty bullish and the RSI is still sitting at 70. It may want to push through 1.30 - still regretting getting stopped out at +5 pips as this move is now at +30 pips from the first up fractal out of the mouth

--- 帖子 #96 ---
You are right about that. However I am seeing an aweful lot of "Vouched" members, some of them at 8 to 10 vouches. Kind of feeling a bit squirmy being the only one talking - that's all. Was anticipating some feedback at this point.

I'll keep going

--- 帖子 #97 ---
Now this is what I am talking about. Good feedback, I appreciate it! Thank you

--- 帖子 #98 ---
Did anyone pick up on the fact that my proposed sell stop was missed by 1.4 pips? The formula for entry has saved my ass so many times, as had it triggered, I would be looking at a pretty substantial loss right now, as it just tipped what would have been my stop loss.

Spread + 1 pip for Buy orders

Spread - 1 pip for sell orders

--- 帖子 #99 ---
Does anyone know what a "Hanging Man is?"

--- 帖子 #100 ---
The hanging man, sellers pushed prices down during this session before bulls recovered, driving price higher. A flag has been thrown, which indicates a near supply/demand balance at the end of the period and a possible reversal. Further price confirmation is required to call this a bear reversal, such as a long filled candle down or gap down.

Increased volume on the reversal confirmation candle is also needed. High volume is also important on the hanging man day - meaning that traders who bought that day will be stuck with losing trades if the signal is confirmed the next day. Although the body can be hollow or filled, a filled body brings slightly more bearish implications

Attached a few essential documents for you - use them religously!

Look at the state of the current hourly - what would you do if it closed like this?

--- 帖子 #101 ---
The signal is “sell at top”. It is called hangman because traders that haven’t seen it will be hanged that is caught to the violent reversal of the market. Signal is sell at top.

--- 帖子 #102 ---
Ok now I am happy with it. Sell stop set at 1.29798 RSI dropping off 70. Looking only for 5 pips!

--- 帖子 #103 ---
Mr Pip - in my experience when a Hanging man occurs at the end of a long up trend, the following candle is normally bearish (in this case the hanging man closed as bearish divergent so it's moot). But generally signals an end to the trend. I would wait for the closure of the next candle to confirm and come in at the low of that candle (if it also closes bearish).

--- 帖子 #104 ---
This is the time of day I hate the most. if the current candle exceeds the last candle's high I am cancelling my sell stop again. It just seems like price wants to keep testing that 1.30 level. Or could this be a Bull trap?

--- 帖子 #105 ---
In all of my excitement today I never drilled to any TF's lower than 1H, very uncommon for me. Had I caught this bounce on the 15M, any speculation from the 1H would have never occurred!

Tomorrow I hope to show some scalping on the lower TF's

--- 帖子 #106 ---
I knew it wanted to punch through 1.30 - now can it sustain above?

--- 帖子 #107 ---
Thank you I have to go through your candle stick patterns I'm finding them to be useful when you look at the right place. Couldn't help and I'm sorry I broke your request but just wanted to show you this beautiful reversal and entry. Up 26 pips stop @ BE. Ok no more charts from me as I do not want to confuse anyone just goes to further validate the power of ratios and fibs which is a part of your style. Caught the top within 3 pips.

Cheers,

Mr. Pip

--- 帖子 #108 ---
No worries - I am in on the same reverse. Although I meant to cancel the sell stop, I am triggered in, now hopefully that was enough of a push away that is is sustained! Hoping for a 50 cross on the RSI on the 1H and can ride a few pips along the way!

--- 帖子 #109 ---
If this isn't a bearish engulfing pattern on the 30M I don't know what is

--- 帖子 #110 ---
Now we are looking at a 50 line cross on the 30M. The only troublesome thing is on the 5M it is approaching that 200

--- 帖子 #111 ---
There is a lot of strength rejecting the 1.3000 BRN should hold next obsticle on the way down is SRN 1.2950 there is some support at this level up 35 pips at the momment. Thanks for letting me post the chart.

Locked in 20 no need to give that back on a retest.

--- 帖子 #112 ---
The 5M

--- 帖子 #113 ---
Why do I drive myself so crazy? Dreaded 5M ruins everything :-)

--- 帖子 #114 ---
The 5M can do that to you LOL. Small pullback so far my bias is it will hold. Price needs to stay below 1.2983 which is the expectation 38.2% Fib or even the 1.2989 50% Fib on such a powerful rejection.

--- 帖子 #115 ---
Perfect - I just finished drawing a fibo on the 5M and it is on the 38.2 now. Hoping the same thing, as this was an unusual entry for me

--- 帖子 #116 ---
This is the timeframe I am looking at now (4H). Notice how the last candle closed bearish divergent but the candle formed a new high? Anytime you ever see a new high on the charts, always look to the AO for divergence. This is one example that the AO does not lag. If price forms a new high, then the AO should too right?

It is when the price forms the new high and the AO does not that you look for. This is called divergence and on the higher timeframes is very powerful. Set a sell stop at the low of this candle minus 3 pips. Gonna call it a night, (actually day time here). See you tomorrow, or is it tonight? Damn I am tired

--- 帖子 #117 ---
Well the 38.2% held and price continued down with a huge authority unfortunately I stepped away from my pc and set a TP of 50 which was hit but this move might continue lets see if the bears can take it below the SRN good trade 9er.

Cheers,

Mr. Pip

--- 帖子 #118 ---
This will help explain Divergence. Well written short and to the point.

--- 帖子 #119 ---
9er,

Like someone else said, I'm still trying to wrap my head around everything you are sharing so that is why I'm not giving much feedback.  I can pretty much bet money that I will be one of the last to finally put all the pieces of the puzzle together.  I'm just slower than most at picking things up well enough to start talking about them.

I hope you decide to stay active and continue to post.  I look forward to the scalping you plan on sharing tomorrow as I seem to always return to the scalping atmosphere of trading.

--- 帖子 #120 ---
HI ,

Beautiful interpretation. Willing to help others , thts great. So keep it up & cheers to you. Bye for now.

--- 帖子 #121 ---
Dee - thank you, nice document. If your following this thread - you definitely want to add this to your knowledge arsenal

--- 帖子 #122 ---
Good morning - or evening where ever you are in the world. Looked the EU briefly to see that all the emotion from yesterday's housing release has subsided. Thank you Asia for putting us to sleep! haven't looked in depth yet, but from a brief glimpse it appears that the Bulls recovered their losses. I scanned the 1H nothing else, looks like the bulls are getting tired  and losing steam though. Classic divergent setup on the 1H.

I'll finish my coffee, take care of some personal business and be back soon.

I am hoping to dive into a bit of scalping today, hopefully the music allows a scalping polka today, but generally following a big news day and coupled with the fact that today is Friday I am not anticipating much.

Wanted to let everyone know as well - if you've started reading any of Bill Williams books and have any questions, let me know - post it in the forum with which book and page number.

Slow days can prove to be the best days to absorb knowledge! Read it, learn it, absorb it - learn to dance with price not for it!

--- 帖子 #123 ---
Since the opportunity presented itself again, thought I would mark up a chart and show you classic divergence.

One very important thing to keep in mind if you choose to trade these setup's is volume is key to success. A slow market has a razor sharp sense to ignore this setup! This setup can also fail in strong trending markets - this is why it is critical that you NEVER enter a market order for instant execution.

The formula that works best for me is stop orders using the spread plus 1 pip for a buy, or spread minus 1 pip for sell. This will keep you out of trouble so much! For me, I use IBFX, the spread is 2 pips on the EU (although it goes as low as 1.5). General rule of thumb for me is +3 pips for buy, -3 pips for sell.

Onto the chart. I marked it to show why it is called divergence (download Dee50's PDF on divergence!). Price has formed a new high but the AO does not. Like I said in the previous post this is the one time that the AO does not lag and gives you a pretty accurate picture!

--- 帖子 #124 ---
Some random on the internet posts a massive 48 trade sample that has a trade with a loss 5 times larger than the average winner and the next few pages are "show me your magic system"....

This is the reason so many people fail

--- 帖子 #125 ---
Let's have a look at the daily: Yesterday's move up for 3/4 of the day was a pretty strong indication that the Bulls are taking over, however the news release sent them packing right back down the hill and coincided with a strong US economic news release.

Including yesterday's candle the last 4 candles have all taken shots at the 1.30 level and failed. yesterday's candle closed (after forming a new high) bullish divergent, but with bearish characteristic's (closed in the bottom half of the candle). So in my opinion, yesterday's high forms what I believe to be the completion of the X to A leg.

What we saw yesterday also was a triple top formation, while there may be some Bulls still around, believe the Bears might be coming out of their slumber today at least in the short term, remember the RSI is still above 50, so the market will have a tendency to fight the bears!

I believe we are already seeing the bulls push their final bit of steam out

I would like to draw your attention to the double top that occurred on 9/17 what ensued? Eleven days of Bears bliss.

Again - yesterday's candle while bullish, closed with bearish characteristics. Hammers can be ignored but rarely on the daily time frame.

What's our bias? For me today to start I am going with "Da Bears"

--- 帖子 #126 ---
Too right. All we need to figure out is that there is no such thing as the fast track to success. We have all been given the keys to success, yet due to the sheer power of the forex, everyone wants that turn key system that removes the thinking process for them.

Open your eyes, the success is there. It's like those pictures that used to be so famous, the ones that at first glance looked like clutter, but the longer you looked at it, then the picture showed through.

Forex is NO DIFFERENT. It's there, you just need to look at it from the proper angle, and mindset - and maintain a real time, realistic perspective

--- 帖子 #127 ---
My 4H is next, but I need to take a moment of pause. Will be back in about an hour

--- 帖子 #128 ---
In the past, I have managed to catch bits & pieces of the many examples you have charted, but truly didn't understand until you put it all together, in one thread. I must admit with my two jobs, it will take time to devour all you have been kind enough to put forth. Thanks for the incredibly informative thread.

--- 帖子 #129 ---
Robert glad to help. My intention is to help while also building a foundation of learning condusive of creating open dialogue with all traders. Appreciate the feedback

--- 帖子 #130 ---
To be fair, you need to compare apples to apples, the average losing trade is 385.07 and the average winning trade is 145.24 giving a ratio of 2.65 - not as bad as the 5 times you highlighted.

The single, large loss maybe attributed to a news event perhaps; eliminating that, the other 3 losses would average 272.59, bringing the ratio down to 1.88.

With the win / loss ratio of over 90%, there may still be some hope, don't you think?

Perhaps, as you mention, the sample size may be too small to gain a significant understand of this "style" of trading, however he is doing his best to show the "magic"

--- 帖子 #131 ---
Damn. I find interesting threads when there is not much time to read them. Anyway, I bookmarked and will return to this later. Weekend is coming with plenty of time to read.

I have been interested in Gartleys and their variations recently but I kind of dismissed them as I can't understand their logic and they seemed a bit esoteric to me. Pretty much like following the moon cycles. Maybe this is because it is difficult to spot these patterns in the past with a naked eye to evaluate their performance. I hope this thread clear things up.

BTW your results are very impressive.

--- 帖子 #132 ---
I may have mis-read havaiana initial post. If the loss that was referred to was the loss of $722 on my posted results, I can easily explain that. It will ring in my memory for a LONG time and I am not too pleased to have to recall it now - karma keeps calling

That loss was a result of pure stupidty on my part. I analysed the premise and I analysed the premise correctly. I was locked and loaded for a beautiful buy set up. I mean PICTURE perrfect

I set all the parameters of a buy stop and went about my morning. Took a shower and returned to a result that sent me into a tail spin.

My stop was taken out. The confusing part at first was the pair went exactly as I submized it would, yet my account balance did not reflect what the chart showed, it reflected a loss that I was not prepared to see.

In my haste to place the order, even though I KNEW I needed to be long, I set a sell stop. I mean all the way down to counting the pips of the low and high of that candle. I was long in my premise, short in my execution - pun intended.

I spent the next 30 minutes expertly spewing profanaties that would make any Marine proud. I beat myself up over that (still am actually).

While those were the results on my demo account, they were mirrored exactly from my live account. So not only did I make the mistake once, I made it twice~!

Was a moment of clarity that "B!tch slapped" me out of the complancency that I had fallen victim too!

Either way - past results are not reflective of future performance! Won't be making that mistake again!

Oh an incidentally hopefully I don't see anymore negative posts in this thread. We need to keep it positive and pave the way for creativity, not negativity. If you can't do this - please stay out of this forum.

--- 帖子 #133 ---
Yes it is very difficult to spot ABCD patterns without help, while it is not impossible, it is difficult and without help the room for error is quite large.

I to used to believe the same about gartley patterns. I ignored them, until I learned that Bill Williams (my favorite all time forex author) bases his dimensions almost directly from Gartley patterns.

This was when I googled Gartley and read anything and everything I could. I found the zup indicator and haven't looked back since

--- 帖子 #134 ---
let's return to reality for a moment and the 4H chart - TRICKY but let's talk it through:

At its highest point the inverted candle, while rejected from the 1.30, did in fact make a new high, negating what I presumed to be an ABCD pattern.

Look at the bounce from the 200, the candle that rejected from the 200 is now X and the high that was rejected at 1.30 is now A. Make sense?

So draw your fibo from X to A to determine approximately the retrace level. I can't speculate here but my guess is that "B" will form around 38.2 to 50.0 (maybe even a push to 61.8 and a subsequent hammer)

4H bias: bearish (although the Bulls are still hanging around), but the AO is STILL showing divergence on 4H

--- 帖子 #135 ---
Thanks for the great thread 9er

I find your trading "style" very interesting. It is a bit difficult to get my head around it, but the more I study your charts and so forth, the more clear it becomes. Keep up the good work.

--- 帖子 #136 ---
Before I move to 1H and while I am thinking about it. I want to direct your attention to an area that you may not think about too much, if at all.

Geometry. Yep I said geometry. What you look for and the ZUP indicator can help here are pyramids or triangle's. A perfectly shaped pyramid when it concludes SCREAMS partial valid ABCD pattern. Depending on it's postion, Pointy end to the right, generally this signals the completion of "D" and your signal that price is about to turn around

Flat side to the right usually signals the completion of  the "B to C" leg.

Do your ABCD's when you see this, I mean that literally. Pointy side to the right - count backwards from the pointy side "D is here, that makes this "C", oh here is "B" and by god there is "A""

Pointy side to the left, flat side to the right do your ABCD's forward "A is here, B is there" you get the premise.

Now the more symmetrical the shape the stronger the signal. While the ZUP indicator can help you, it will not always "paint" pyramids. Use your eyes!

--- 帖子 #137 ---
Download, read and absorb the attached material. It's a bit more complex than my "Pointy end" analogy, but provides you the rules for the ABCD and butterfly patterns.

I highly recommend printing these documents and reading them in the morning over coffee. Your mind is at its most hightened state the first few hours after waking up, take advantage of this time - dump some knowledge in there in the morning instead of garbage.

Learn these materials - absorb them. Read them until you understand them. And trust me on this one: EVEN IF IT DOESN'T MAKE SENSE, DO NOT QUIT ON IT - KEEP READING IT, COMPARE IT TO CHARTS, LEARN TO DRAW FIBONACCI, I PROMISE IT WILL COME TO YOU. Use your down time wisely!

Study until your eyes get tired. Give them a rest and then hit the materials again until you can intelligently speak to them!

--- 帖子 #138 ---
ok - off my soapbox - onto the 1H. The current candle (0600 GMT) pushed through 1.30 and as has been the trend was rejected. take a look at the AO and see again the divergence  between the oscillator and price. Depending on the shape of the candle, I may be so inclined to place a sell stop at it's low.

RSI is 63.09, not terribly over bought, but over bought nonetheless.

1H bias: Given the fact that the current bar was rejected at 1.30 is one sign, the divergence of the AO is confirmation number 2, and the RSI agrees with both: Bearish

Quandry: London does not open for another hour yet. No volume currently, no strength. Divergence is VERY dependant on volume or strength. As I said before low volume can negate ANY SIGNAL! Trade wisely, go big when the opportunity presents itself and go SMALL when it does not. If there is any conflict between our indicators or these criteria, weigh your decision to execute a trade wisely.

--- 帖子 #139 ---
Sell stop set: 1.29918 while I was typing I had not set the stop and almost got triggered in. Let's test this premise!

--- 帖子 #140 ---
Can you please show the divergence on the char? I don't see it.

--- 帖子 #141 ---
Ok so near miss for me and a pefect example of trading carefully. This is also why negative news release doesn't always have the desired effect on it's nation currency. Is this a spike as a result of emotion? Now we wait

--- 帖子 #142 ---
Sure thing. Does this show it to you?

The AO is remaining low (even now with the recent spike) while price forms new highs

--- 帖子 #143 ---
Should stand to reason that price pushes off the 1.30 level due to the news release. Sometimes the exact opposite can and does happen

10:00am EUR German Retail Sales m/m -2.8% -0.3% 0.5%

--- 帖子 #144 ---
Will be interesting how the latest candle finishes

--- 帖子 #145 ---
While you boast high accuracy, I can't help but wonder something. What does a gartley actually mean "behind the charts"? Like, what's happening in the physical world for this "pattern" to come out? Or on any of the indicators.

You say "learn to draw fib", but can you explain what's actually going on in the real world? I think most people don't understand the fib idea at it's very core, which is, more often than not, a way to maximize something like sunlight for leaves. I see a wave, and I try to think of who's trying to maximize their profits while minimizing their losses. This, in turn, leads me to believe their are certain types of waves that should be analyzed before the "fib" points are applied. (If you put a fib down, look at what brought price to the first point you have selected.)

--- 帖子 #146 ---
Sure, 9er's method may well prove to be profitable and he is putting everything out there so not a criticism of him at all. It just amazes me that the first few pages none of the posters mentioned the sample size and large loss versus average win, either they didn't notice or just don't realise the significance. So many people are ready to jump on the guru wagon without a second thought. Just want to make sure people know what they are looking at behind the impressive equity curve.

I hope 9er is profitable. People make money in alot of different ways, but a loss of 5 average wins in one trade rings alarm bells for me and that is in only 48 trades, so hardly a worst case scenario.

--- 帖子 #147 ---
While I do concur with your premise here - I think some level of self education is very important - which is what I am hoping to accomplish. I want a thread that is de-void of these types of posts and encourage posts that enduce "awareness" that one should educate themselves.

As I said in Post #1 I am not trying to be boastful. you think I am not aware that posting my actual trades leaves me WIDE open to criticism? Absolutley it does - the underlying message I am SCREAMING is "teach yourself some knowledge".

I also admitted to not being the expert. Would appreciate some feedback myself, not condescending criticism, and I will thank you to leave it at the door if that is all you have to contribute.

--- 帖子 #148 ---
ok kids - this is the LAST time I am going to say this. Speculate all you want but the intention of this thread to create a learning environment, not one that introduces doubt into peoples mind that are here to learn.

one more post to this nature and I will take this thread down. I have been trading live and making a living off it for the last 3 years. I was perfectly content doing so all by myself. My style has earned me a seat in the 5% club, an accomplishment that I happen to be very proud of.

I was not afforded the opportunity to "pick someone's brain" when I was up and coming. I dug and I learned and I absobed. I put together a series of styles, indicators oscillators that work for me. Coupled with the wherewithal that I needed to change my mentality and everything clicked and has been for 3 years now.

unbelievable. Trying to help and defend at the same time is an aggravation I don't need. This is my day job folks, I have a house and a family to feed. If me trying to genuinly help others, offends the masses, please make one more post like you have. I will never be seen arounf FF ever again.

One last thing: what I am doing here is often thought of as a paid service. A canned website with a message of false hope and smashed dreams. I am here "In person" offering help because I am a sincere and humble person. Help me or GET THE HELL OUT and STAY OUT

--- 帖子 #149 ---
Okay what gnarly pips was saying I want to ask you to completely ignore. Sure there is an indepth view and knowledge of such things. But I am assuming that there will be some level of effort on your part to learn what I don't have time to teach you, the intricacies of our indicators.

You know what they say "You can lead a horse to water, but can't teach him to drink"

Well I can lead you to knowledge, but the level of effort for obtaining it sits squarely on your shoulders. I am here to help

I have banned both of the parties that attempted to introduce doubt to your minds

--- 帖子 #150 ---
Hey 9er

You are doing an amazing job that has captivated many a trader as u can see by the amount of people always viewing ur thread

People will always want to challenge an opinion it's in some people's nature

Lets ignore the critics and concentrate on a collaborative education curve for everyone

Thank u for your time an efforts

Over and out

--- 帖子 #151 ---
Very interesting. The spike did nothing to the AO other than exentuate the divergence. The question now is, has 1.30 been broken?

--- 帖子 #152 ---
Dendio - Lima Charlie! I banned them both. Thank you by the way

--- 帖子 #153 ---
Here's an example of an up fractal that I chose to ignore (a buy signal). While it is the first fractal outside the mouth, there were 3 other reasons I didn't take it:

1. The AO divergence

2. The RSI reading

3. The failure to break 1.30

My quandry was that the inverted candle associated with the fractal was bearish divergent, but also not very prominent (indicating reversal). I was 25% sure that fractal was valid, and 75% sure it was not. The minority wins this one.

Always good to weigh all your options - put these indicators against each other, make them work. The norm is to go with the majority, going with the minority to me is an unneccesary gamble. If that news release doesn't occur, does this spike happen? I am 75% sure it does not

--- 帖子 #154 ---
My sell stop is still in place incidentally. I am watching the 1.30 level and contemplating moving it up.

--- 帖子 #155 ---
Hi 9er,

first of all, nice thread and nice ideas. I have a question to the AO. Do you just use it to see divergences or ist there another thing you read out of it?

Keep on posting!

--- 帖子 #156 ---
Wonder if the Euro can handle any more negative economic news releases - we'll find out in 3 minutes one way or the other

--- 帖子 #157 ---
Hava, 9er has so much more patience than me, he must be almost a saint. He very ,very carefully explained how that big loss came about, and if he was trying to hide it, I'm sure he could. I myself have taken the wrong side of a trade in Forex pairs more times than in futures and stocks put together. It is because your brain is handling 2 instruments at once and you actually must set a short and a buy in every trade you do. Yes it can be confusing for all but the sharpest and most experienced traders. If this never happened to you, then you've never traded spot Forex. Also, notice how many hours 9er is posting here for us. Seems like he is either posting or trading 20 hrs a day. Very few people in the world can be sharp 20 hrs out of a day. (Thats why they invented coffee. LOL)  Other than that one thing, I havent caught 9'er saying anything incorrect or misleading. We are lucky to have him sharing the good stuff with us! Bravo!

--- 帖子 #158 ---
9'er may I ask when you said you didn't take that trade for 3 reasons. If those reasons are not there to not take a trade and all indicators line up, and you like the last candle, no resistance in the way, can you take the trade even if it doesnt form a Gartley or Butterfly or fractal pattern?

And to my Forex brothers on this thread, may I suggest, if you aren't sure if what you are going to say might be taken the wrong way, maybe its better to stay silent. This thread is going to grow to monstrous size soon and we need only the steak, lets trim the fat. Right boys!!!!?  LOL    What I think 9'er is saying in a very nice way is, "If you have any doubts about him or his method, thats ok, just keep them to yourself."

--- 帖子 #159 ---
I second this and be thankful - you are getting this for free and in a very perspective manner by someone that is prepared to help other people.

I am buying a hat to salute you 9ER.

John from Durban

--- 帖子 #160 ---
Silat - yes I would take the trade. Gartley patterns (some) are actually failed ABCD patterns in some capacity (breaks one of the rules for a valid ABCD). If my indicators would have all lined up to take that fractal trade - you bet your butt I take that trade 10 times out of 10 times. I remove human emotion and trust the indicators to their core. Does this answer your question?

Thank you by the way for the nice words.

--- 帖子 #161 ---
John - thank you

--- 帖子 #162 ---
Persistant little devils are those bulls. It's like the 1.30 is a magnet this week - keeps pullin them in. I'm triggered in BTW

--- 帖子 #163 ---
I think there is a problem with the way you draw your divergence line

--- 帖子 #164 ---
Maybe it's the bears that are slumbering. There is a war being fought and the 1.3 level is the prize 5M bounced nicely off the 200

--- 帖子 #165 ---
Please explain your statement because what you are saying only hangs in the air!!!

John

--- 帖子 #166 ---
Who wins?

--- 帖子 #167 ---
Ok great! Show me your interpretation! Post it up

--- 帖子 #168 ---
sorry. I don't post much on this site. Anyway i was just making reference of his post142 on page 10 about the way he drew the divergence lines

--- 帖子 #169 ---
But you are losing site of why I am here. If something I post doesn't make sense post a chart, and spell it out to me. I am no expert, you may well introduce an idea to my head that I had not previously thought about

But it is really hard for me to determine exactly what you are saying as I have drawn this divergence for years. I can't help if I don't see what you are referring to - make sense?

--- 帖子 #170 ---
Now we sit through indecision

--- 帖子 #171 ---
Does the decline in volume say anything??

--- 帖子 #172 ---
Hopefully I don't sound sarcastic - but the decrease in volume says everything. It's Friday after a big day, and an emotional start to the day. Turning into a typical Friday.Now last Friday, that was such a euphoric day for me as my trade rose and rose before closing for 217 pips! Was very profitable and a nice start to the weekend!

This week though it appears that hum-drum Friday's is back by popular demand!

--- 帖子 #173 ---
100% right!

--- 帖子 #174 ---
If I can, this weekend I will mark up some charts and post some examples of the various trades I took for various reasons.

Let's see if I can recall my premises from trades this week

Monday - didn't trade

Tuesday: I took 2 candle formation trades (reversal's scalping lower 5M and 15M) (+15)

Wednesday I took 3 fractal trades (30M, 1H) (+35)

Thursday (Yesterday) I took a divergence trade based off the 4H at the end of the day which turned out very nice, I escaped with +45 pips (hopefully you guys took the signal I posted!) ended up +50 on the day (2 trades)

Today - got triggered in based from emotion of a news release, the original premise was divergence on the 1H, 4H. Jury still out as I am still in that trade

--- 帖子 #175 ---
That will be great - looking forward to it and thank you

John

--- 帖子 #176 ---
I'm just scratching the surface here but is the ZUP indicator telling us the bulls are near exhaustion and we should look to short?  The RSI is breaking down thru 70 and AO has turned.

I shorted on the momentum just below R3 and wait paitiently for it to continue.

My concern it the bulls are just taking a nap.

--- 帖子 #177 ---
Progress! yes exactly as I see it! great chart Don - good job!

--- 帖子 #178 ---
Stepped away for a while - love it when I come back to see this

--- 帖子 #179 ---
I know this move is a result of the news. But I locked in +10 pips anyway. Reached my daily goal, I don't give a damn what it does now, come ON take me out - I dare you! Quota for today and the week met! Gonna be a good weekend!

--- 帖子 #180 ---
Don when you said you shorted it, did you enter Market or stop order? Oh and by the way I think it was the bears that was napping!

--- 帖子 #181 ---
Finally - sometimes these setups can be absolutley exhausting

--- 帖子 #182 ---
Market order.  I wanted to see it break the R3 level which I find is often the limit for a run.

9er how do you weigh the 15 bullish signal against the hourly bearish?

I took profit just above R2 by the way.

--- 帖子 #183 ---
Don - I apologize but I am not following your question? 15 bullish signal?

--- 帖子 #184 ---
Didn't notice this previously. Wow you trade the EJ? Impressive, but why would you have simply taken profit with your RSI turning down below the 50? Seeing that made my mouth water. I would have locked in profit at a safe level and gradually moved that baby down.

That RSI can keep you in the trade if you manage it properly!

--- 帖子 #185 ---
I meant the 15 minute bullish bat vs the hourly bearish butterfly.

Also on the 5min we hit the 200 ema amd bounced pretty good.

You're probably right about moving my stop down but I got too nervous.

--- 帖子 #186 ---
Ok so check this out - scalping the 15M. Draw your attention to the attached chart. Notice the perfectly shaped and symmetrical pyramids that I painted in yellow. The ZUP DID NOT PAINT THIS PATTERN, this is where I say use your eyes. The ZUP did however outline it enough to show me the patterns.

Remember the pointy end? Well that is D. And if you get acquainted with the properties of the ABCD pattern you know now to look for confirmation.

Number one the AO is accelerating to the zero line (moving towards it, decreasing in size), the RSI touched 30.

So you have

1. A PERFECT ABCD pattern

2. AO telling you it's "ok"

3. RSI confirming both

4. Close enough to the 200 to count!

you now have 3.5 reasons to pull the trigger - this move RIGHT now is at +35 pips and still going How is that for simple?

Any questions?

--- 帖子 #187 ---
Very good question. They are both valid. You have a few choices,It's a matter of style. If I am locked into a trade, I allow the lower TF to come off the signal, allowing the market to breathe and hoping it doesn't hit my locked profit (or otherwise). If this is the case I tend to stick with the high time frame signal as they are the more powerful.

They conflict each other - if you are not in a trade and are looking to scalp, move to the lower TF and scalp if it doesn't conflict with the pairs Bias (if it does conflict, it should be a pretty strong signal for you to enter against the bias).

The REALLY fun aspect is when they agree, and should you happen to catch it on the lower TF, this allows for an earlier entry (if you trade with stops, as I do). You can ride it from the lower TF, keep your locked profits at a safe level and drill to the higher TF and follow it from there - do you follow?

--- 帖子 #188 ---
Good Day To All,

9er if I have your permission and it won't diviate from your mission, I'd like to discuss with the group here the topic of these patterns and ratios. It's my area of expertise and often misread and misunderstood. I've been around for some sime I read alot and seldom contribute to these threads do to their envirnment and counter productive tendencies. Please don't let a few bad apples spoil the bunch what you are doing here is truley special and I hope everyone here can see and appreciate this. Those that are caught up on percentages and wins verses losses do not truley understand the nature of this amazing business. There are many components to trading and being profitable is what its all about! Being profitable is a package deal not not a system or style that is the lease important of one these components.

Cheers,

Mr. Pip

--- 帖子 #189 ---
So who says you can't trade ranging markets? They are the most fun - just dont attempt to trade them on 30 min TF or higher.

Point your attention to the attached chart, what happened? Another shape - yes? A triangle, then what happened? for the next 30 minutes it went down? Really? You don't say?

Quandry: You entered long on the previous signal. You stayed patient and gradually locked in your daily goal, when you lock in profits, BE HAPPY with it and DON'T get GREEDY! However, RSI crossed 50 moving up (on the original premise), signaling Long bias - yes? You locked in 10 pips, do you close it at the high and take more profit, or lock it in at 10 and see what the RSI does? Matter of style and patience! Me? I lock in 10 pips and wait.

The best thing you can do when you lock in profit is to get up from your desk, go do some chores or something and come back later. If your decision to lock in profits results in only 10 pips, so be it.

BUT! If your decision to lock in 10 pips worked properly and you come back with a chance to lock in 30, 40 - 50? It happens ALL the time! I make most of my profit from ranging markets. Many times it's boring and I only get 10 pips - but hey, 10 pips is 10 pips brother and sisters!

--- 帖子 #190 ---
Absolutely Mr Pip - chime right on in. Most of the time it's just me talking anyway!

--- 帖子 #191 ---
OK so what happened at the conclusion of the last 15M candle?

You went to the kitchen - because you couldn't bare to watch! You return to see that price came to within 2 PIPS of your locked in profit!

WOOHOO! Look at it now? Exciting stuff isn't it?

RSI is still over 50, you still have 10 pips locked and are still alive to lock in some more!

--- 帖子 #192 ---
What happens next? We just locked in 8 more pips! +18

--- 帖子 #193 ---
Next candle. AO is decreasing - maybe momentum slowing? Drawing to the close of the week? Last candle came to within 1.1 pips of your locked 18 pips.

Would it have been better to close when this trade was at +35? Well - again it's a matter of your style. +35 pips would have been quicker, it is after all Friday. I still stick with what has worked for me. I am plenty happy with +18 pips!

I am closing it down it down here for the weekend.

Hopefully I spread a little bit of knowledge to you - maybe next week you can do the same for me?

I will look for some more setup's tomorrow!

Have a good weekend

--- 帖子 #194 ---
Okay let’s talk a little bit about advance patterns and ratios later on but first I’d like to say.
One of the first things we must come to terms with is that there is nothing random about the financial markets. Those of us that trade off of the charts and take signals based on price are primarily technical traders. Some use a combination of technical and fundamental data and that is fine as well. I for one completely disregard news events. These fundamental even represent for me nothing more than a period of volatility. I am aware of their release only from a trade management point of view. I don’t waste any time trying to find the best source for fundamentals because it leads to information overload and confusion. As traders we often tend to over complicate a simple process. We also tend to optimize our styles or systems when there is no need to do so. I know it hurts some of us to take a loss but guess what that is part of the business. We are conditioned as human beings to avoid pain and our attempt to want to make changes to a system or style once we string a couple of losses is our natural tendencies of pain avoidance.  We must only optimize base on three criteria’s they are:
· Is it measurable?
o You must be able to capture the data of your optimization to evaluate the impact of your changes. Are they favorable or not?
· Is it repeatable?
o You must able to reproduce these results consistently.
· Does it have positive expectancy?
o If your style or system has a positive expectancy don’t worry about the losses we all have them. You must build a belief system and with proper money management trade your plan. You must have one if you are going to be successful in this business. All successful businesses have a business plan why don’t you? Your trade plan is your business plan.
Your approach to the markets must be consistent! If they are not, so will your results. This is the secret to success or failure in trading. I’m sure many will argue this point and that is why there is a 90% failure rate.
I felt this was an important point to make as it has completely changed my life. It’s good to be in the 10% please join us and respect all ideas presented, contribute positively. This is a never ending journey and no one has all the answers. The work 9er has done here is truly selfless and remarkable.  I will get into some harmonics (market geometry) and patterns in an upcoming post. I also like to show visual examples because it’s how we learn best.  This is a brief example of how these markets are not as random as people think there is definitely a natural order to them. It is our job as chart technicians to find their rhythm by any means necessary (styles, systems, whatever works for you) and exploit them.

Here is a chart of EURUSD 5M look at how price respects ratios and patterns. Millions of people trade this market, it is humanly impossible to determine what they are thinking. They are steered by fear and greed the two basic emotions that drive any financial market. It is our job to identify where they are collectively likely to make decisions that will drive price. I ask you if this chart has a natural order to it and if we knew where some of these decisions were going to take place?

Cheers,

Mr. Pip

--- 帖子 #195 ---
So much to read and absorb

BUT did you notice this change fm 9er

"Never argue with stupid people, they will drag you to their level and beat you with experience"

LOL

--- 帖子 #196 ---
Priceless!

--- 帖子 #197 ---
Okay let’s talk about ratios, price action respects Fibonacci ratios as you may have seen in some of my charts. They are also the foundation of advance patterns and market harmonics. It is imperative that you have an understanding of ratios and how they are applied to price action to properly identify these patterns which are so profitable. I must recommend an amazing book if you want to learn more about harmonics and advance patterns. This book is one of those books that should be a part of every trader’s library. Harmonic Trading, Volume One: Profiting from the Natural Order of the Financial Markets by Scott M. Carney. This author also has a website with lots of free info on the topic. Whether you use price action, indicators or both to time you entry into the market this basic knowledge must be understood and applied properly. 9er uses a combination of both and focuses on how price is reacting to the condition that the indicators are presenting. This is how indicators should be used and not entering into a market because all of our indicators lined up. I will say this 100 times price action is king and we must learn to read it like a book. I made this short video for a small group of traders I was mentoring a few months back on Fibs and forecasting. I hope you enjoy it and please let me know if you would like for me to continue on to patterns and some harmonics. I believe this information is very relevant to this thread and style of trading.

Inserted Video

--- 帖子 #198 ---
Chart is too dark - can't see if although can understand what you're saying. Would be good if you could show with a light coloured background.

--- 帖子 #199 ---
Okay sorry about that I will take this into account. I spend so much time infront of the charts that the white background was giving me headaches.

Was this helpful? Hopefully it helped some understand some basics to Fibs.

--- 帖子 #200 ---
Helpful indeed but I suggest to use Silver as a background which is easy on the eyes.

This is the type of information we need to take inn together with 9ER's explanations.

Gosh - thank you for a long and learning day

John from Durban

--- 帖子 #201 ---
Very interesting thread. I subscribe.

Thank you and a greeting.

--- 帖子 #202 ---
I will try the silve and see how it works out thanks for the comment.

--- 帖子 #203 ---
This is the chart I posted earlier today of the current EURUSD 5M there were two price reversal zones identified by the pattern’s rule set. These zones provide us with a very precise area where we know traders will be making decisions on order flow. These are the areas we want to target and exploit. The first one was at the completion of BC which per my rules and this scenario was only 6 pips. The second price reversal zone had a 9 pip range at the CD completion. The chart below gives a visual of these zones. My next post will show us from a harmonic and ratios point of view how we can refine the zones even further for a laser sharp entry. As traders it's important not to follow price around, we want price to come into our zones. This is our confirmation that we are in tune with price action and our analysis is correct. These zones once mastered are money in the bank. 9er's style and his chosen indicators is a step in helping you see these zones. The content here is pricless which has inspired me to contribute where I can.

--- 帖子 #204 ---
Okay now that we have identified our zones is there room for improvement? There is always room for improvement LOL. We now must zoom out and get a bird’s eye view. We must refer to structure. Market structure tells us where price has been and leaves clues as to where it is like to find support/resistance in the future. In short it provides us with a visual blueprint as to where traders have made order flow decisions and where they are likely to be made again. The chart below is a bird’s eye view with two areas identified that line up with our price reversal zones. In the next post we will refine our zones.

--- 帖子 #205 ---
Mr. Pip Thanks for your great contributions to this thread. I just have a quick question, if you dont mindme asking of course, whats the indicator you are using, the one identifying the zones?!

Thanks in advance.

--- 帖子 #206 ---
Of course I don't mind questions are great they lead to progress. I don't use indicators and the zones you see have been made by me with my rectangle tool. I did however see in another thread one but again I do not use MT4 and also do not use indicators so I do not know how well it works. I'm trying to remember where I saw it. It's in the trade journal section. I'll find it and let you know where. I'm not at my computer right now but will get to it and post the refining of the zones later on tonight or tomorrow.

It's in the trade journal forum one minute wonder.

Cheers

Mr. Pip

--- 帖子 #207 ---
Dear 9er  Nice thread  subscribed  expecting  the indi displaying the numerical values of DAILY PIVOTS.   GOODWISHES  GOD BLESS

--- 帖子 #208 ---
Hi 9er,

Was drawn to your thread while browsing around.

If I may, just want to get your response on a few points.

1.sessions

I was introduced to FX, with the claim that it can be traded 24hour a day.

However, have realised that for us retail punters it is quite misleading.

In practice, the wisdom seems to be to generally restrict trading to Uk/US sessions and also to avoid MOn and Fri.

2.Volume

Following on from the above is the issue of Volume, which you have alluded to a few times.  Do sessions and volume have any influence in your trading decisions?

3.Arrows

I notice on some of your charts a small green arrow and wonder if it has any significance.

Thanks,

EP

--- 帖子 #209 ---
Excellent Mr. Pip as I said before I greatly appreciate it and what I love about this thread is the willingness. So kudos to you, and all the others but most importantly to 9er for starting such a good conversation.

--- 帖子 #210 ---
You are very welcome. I'm grateful to 9er for allowing me to contribute. As I said before I have read a lot and visit many forums but seldom contribute due to the lack of positive contributions. It's funny how the first to criticize and bash are the ones who struggle. Neither 9er or I need to do this but I have been inspired and will continue to contribute as long as this thread stays like this and 9er supports my efforts. I will also say that we can all learn from each other. I have learned from newbies and veterans. That is the beauty of these forums it's just sad that somewhere along the way some have lost site of this and use it as a medium to blame others for their own inadequacies. I hope I didn't offend anyone.

Cheers

Mr. Pip

--- 帖子 #211 ---
Here Here! That's the point of having this community, to help and contribute when we can.

--- 帖子 #212 ---
Let’s continue, a closer look at the BC leg offers other harmonic consideration which allows us to refine our PRZ further. There was a perfect ABCD pattern in the BC leg. It is not uncommon to see patterns within patterns and often help us reinforce our premise. Just keep in mind that the higher time frame trumps the smaller as the big boys (real money) mainly trade off of higher time frames. The chart below is a closer view showing how we were able to reduce the original PRZ from 6 pips down to 3. Yes it is possible to identify high probability turning points with 3 to 6 pips. This is what I call trading at wholesale prices. Laser sharp entries I can’t match with indicators. 9er’s style uses indicators that help you get closer to this PRZ. This is what I like about his style.  In the next post we will address the CD leg.
Cheers,
Mr. Pip

--- 帖子 #213 ---
And on we go, let’s dissect the CD completion of the pattern. Before I do this I want to add that confluence of different ratios and structure = high probability, which =$$$$ in your pocket! Now back to business. I further addressed the market structure area which is seen as the dotted line magenta in color. I also took an extension measurement of the first impulse swing at point C. This impulse move broke structure and closed below structure with strength. The correction was insignificant and only tested prior support also reflected in the chart below. This is our confirmation that order flow will remain with the bears and the bulls are too waek to reject their attack. So after consulting all our measurements and structure we were able to reduce our PRZ from 9 pips to 5 pips. How is that for accuracy?
A side note, trading is an investigational process. We are building a case for entry. We cannot trade if there is no reason to enter (no case).  Putting these pieces together allows us to place the odds in our favor and make sound, informed profitable decisions. With the same token we know immediately when we are wrong and should consider a graceful exit.
Please ask questions we are here to help. I know this is very advance stuff and it may be beyond the experience level of some of you, it’s taken me years to master this. This is why I’m so excited for you that 9er has found a style that narrows the gap and learning curve.  Can’t say this enough, great job 9er. Let’s keep this going
PS. Tomorrow I'll post a video of this process. I apoligize up front as the backgound is black (it was already made) hopefully you will be able to see it well if not I can always make another one.
Cheers,
Mr. Pip

--- 帖子 #214 ---
Guys, Im a bit lost here as I cheat a bit and use software that calculates the PRZ for me so I dont understand at all how the PRZ is calculated. Is there one way or  several ways to do it. I have a funny feeling most of us are lost on this part and in fact many dont know that the PRZ is where you choose to enter your trade at. So for all of us(especially me) can you step by step explain how the PRZ is calculated.

Oh one more thing, for both 9er and Mr Pip is -You dont have to enter the trade in the PRZ Zone do you. You could actually enter when it moves out of the zone as long as its moving in the direction of the tgt., correct?  I have found in my limited experience with harmonic software that I get just as good of a result if I actually wait until price is almost at the first tgt before I get in if there is a lot of pips to be had and 1st tgt is inconsequential anyway. IS THAT OK?

Thank you,

Silat50

--- 帖子 #215 ---
Glad you picked up on that Laimonk! It's intended to the rightful recipients!

--- 帖子 #216 ---
Choudri - thank you for joining us. You can use any daily pivot indicator as in this day and age they all pretty much (within a pip or 2) are the same. Search the forum - you'll find one. The one I use is provided default by IBFX

--- 帖子 #217 ---
EP - thank you for the question, means a lot as I have seen your contributions to other threads, and I know that you are the real deal. I'll answer your questions line by line below:

1.sessions

I was introduced to FX, with the claim that it can be traded 24hour a day.

However, have realised that for us retail punters it is quite misleading.

Well we all know that it can be traded 24 hours a day, the real question is: Should it be traded 24 hours a day? You are right, that premise is misleading

The year that I became unemployed, I had just enough in my account to be dangerous. I tried to trade the end of the UK and the entire US and was failing miserably  (due to low volatility, and my personal ignorance as a trader). I was faced with being homeless, losing my house and risking my family.

To try something new one night I stayed awake through the BORING asia session into the UK. Once it came alive, I traded my ass off on the lower TF's. The first night I made $1,500 the rest is history. Volatility is king - News SUCKS!

So to answer your question: Low volatility will test your mental, it will ruin setups and slowly drain your account. UK/US all the way. I always trade on Friday, although cautiously, Monday's are hit and miss

2.Volume

Following on from the above is the issue of Volume, which you have  alluded to a few times.  Do sessions and volume have any influence in  your trading decisions?

100% yes. I have traded low vol before, and have had some success. But my style of trading needs me to be in and out (or at least pips locked in) of a trade inside of the signal candle (If I am ever stopped at my lock, I NEVER re-enter on the same candle, not sure why, it just "feels wrong"), I hate miserably waiting for pips to get generated. (like yesterday, waited 6 hours to lock 10 pips, then got stopped anyway)

3.Arrows

I notice on some of your charts a small green arrow and wonder if it has any significance.

They used to have significance, but not so much anymore. The arrows that you see are signals generated from an indicator for various dimensions of BW system. AO signal generator, Balance line, etc.

The really useful one that I use is the "Fractal" buy and sell. I rarely use the signals, but what I like is that this indicator paints only the essential fractals (notice some of the fractals in my charts are larger than the other ones).

Read about fractals in BW books and how you can safely add on to any trade. I have to say next to AO divergence, the fractal is my most powerful tool. (I love when the first fractal paints outside the mouth!)

Hopefully I've answered to your satisfaction EP. Thanks again have a good weekend

--- 帖子 #218 ---
MrPip very well spoken! What you said is true and if anyone is offended by that, it more than likely is the guilty.

The two guys yesterday is a good example of "Casting stones from the porch of their glass house"

The one guy talking about Fibo actually reminded me of ME a few years ago when I thought it was important to know EVERYTHING.

Keeping in mind he had a point in that the Fibo is actually rather complicated. But to understand it one need only to understand how the market breaths (retracements, when and where).

Same for ABCD patterns - they are intricate in their nature also, there are waves, sub-waves, waves inside of waves, it's MADDENING; at the end of the day, if you spend your time trying to find all these little waves, you will drive yourself NUTS!

Look for the simple - the major wave! Look for symmetrical pyramids, triangles, THESE are the major waves inside their respective time frame.

Also DO NOT WAIT FOR THE ZUP TO PAINT A PATTERN. Look for pyramids or triangles that it draws when it shows fibo levels. It is drawing the pattern for YOU - it is telling YOU to paint it, hell save it as .png, open with paint and draw the lines yourself. Practice the art!

Good stuff. Appreciate your input!

--- 帖子 #219 ---
Mr Pip - may I ask a favor, or rather offer an observation? The one thing that I like about Bill Williams books is that they are aesthetically easy on the eyes, making them easy to read. "Easy to read" is important when there is essential communication within the lines, important and relevant information that needs to be read.

I have read all of your inputs, and I like that you trade from the same foundation that I do - the basics. However, when I read your first post covering zones and ABCD patterns, I found myself not wanting to read it, because it was clumped together in one LARGE paragraph. It was not aesthetically pleasing - I actually didn't read it the first time I saw the post.

To get the readers attention - break your communication up (as I have done in this reply). It is much easier to read a series of sentences, than it is to read one large paragraph.

The one's learning, need a medium that is aesthetically pleasing, one that says "ok, this is easy to read". Making your communication that much more conducive to learning, rather than dreading to read it!

otherwise I love your contributions and say "Press on Joe"

Make sense?

--- 帖子 #220 ---
This is advanced Forex Class.

not for anybody.

--- 帖子 #221 ---
Thanks for your reply. I certainly agree.

Nice to see your remark about BW books being aesthetically pleasing  to read as I intend  reading  it next to learn more about the six dimensions.

All the best,

Cheers,

EP

--- 帖子 #222 ---
Folks zone trading is a bit complex and requires a different or advanced mind set. Let's keep this thread to the "basics". Zones are GREAT, but not a necessity to learning the basics first - learn the basics, get good at them and naturally progress to zone trading.

I haven't even begun to discuss channels, trend lines etc. Let's slow the learning curve and not "speak" beyond the learners comprehension!

This is why I use the "simple" moving average, because it is just THAT - Simple!

I like Mr Pips interpretation of the ABCD patterns - as he discusses zones and if you have questions concerning zone trading, I ask that you send him a PM

My style can come across as complex to the untrained eye as it is. Many people have stated that they are trying to "get their mind around it", let's not add another dimension to grasp - just yet

Deal?

--- 帖子 #223 ---
CKU you couldn't be more wrong. You told yourself that it was advanced because you are not willing to learn. You should probably go to a "turn key" style system, lose your account balance a few times and when that happens I'll welcome you back!

OR start at the beginning of this thread, apply yourself, open a chart and compare what we talk about here to your charts.

There is some part of this learning curve that you must assume yourself. Come on back

--- 帖子 #224 ---
Members - this is what I was referring to with regards to keeping this thread simple. I truly feel bad for members such as CKU that felt this was too complex.

Not saying that anyone is at fault, I just think it is important to keep the material simple - the basics. I will work on my communication as well.

make sense?

--- 帖子 #225 ---
Finally a fresh thread with some one new well spoken and is good friends and recommended by fx pro, no egotistic crap. I'm all in going to study the first few pages and I'm going to prove through your system that fx can make money and it works from Monday onwards unfortunately for 9er starting up this thread you have gained your self a student my name is Ben I'm and engineering/maths student and have been trading for 4weeks I have nt blown my account and have done well trading live following fx pros 1hour system time prove this can be done have a great weekend see you Monday

--- 帖子 #226 ---
the prz is calculated based on certain fibonacci ratio between few points to control. The prz is a potential range for reversal. not fixed level .

here is  the detail :  how and when we jump into a position using PRZ : link.

no fixed rule that : there MUST BE REVERSAL occured in PRZ.

that's what i can share here.

happy weekend.

rgds,iqyu

--- 帖子 #227 ---
Excellent contribution - however if you are throwing me off I am more than certain you are scaring away others. Please do me a favor and speak to zone trading via PM to each other - ok?

We will get to zone trading soon enough, but let's introduce the basics first. You have to create the mindset before you introduce the style or method.

Telling a baby to run as he is learning to walk, while maybe a good idea for later in life, is not such a good idea while he is learning the basics of walking!

We are walking at right now!

--- 帖子 #228 ---
thanks but sorry, i don't mean to scary the others or even teaching something here

i am not a person that could introduce about zone trading, prz or whatever.  Still learning also everyday in ff sir. but yes.. there is a site that people could learn about harmonic out there . that's what i share and not more.

again .. sorry and success to all of you here.

happy weekend

--- 帖子 #229 ---
I have found the recomended book in pdf format  but am not sure if it is complete.  It have 103- 108  pages    but when i look at it on amazon it should have 288 pages ?

But at the end of the book there is summary  so they have taken out something from the middle of the book or it is comprehended ??

Best regards

--- 帖子 #230 ---
I have seen the same thing. Does the book have images? If not it is a pirate copy. If you have a kindle account or something you can download it right to your computer or tablet if you have one?

--- 帖子 #231 ---
No need for an apology! I appreciate the fact that you contributed!

--- 帖子 #232 ---
no  there is no pictures.  What is kindle account ?    are the pictures good or can i do wiouth them ?  i have an old book about gartley patterns also it is called trade what you see.

Best regards

--- 帖子 #233 ---
Good Morning,

Thank you 9er for your feedback, much appreciated. My sincere apologies as it was not my intention to overstep anyone or to run before we walk perhaps I was not clear enough in the point I wanted to make.

What I wanted to show is how accurate these zones are. As this thread evolves we will dive into it more. I just wanted to show all here how special this style is and how it gets you closer to identifying these areas where decisions are made. I guess in my excitement I took extra steps. I will try harder to dance with the music and not lose beat. I will pros pone posting the video as it may be out of tempo.

Let me take some steps back. I won't discuss any of the other patterns as we have not gotten there yet. The patten we are discussing is ABCD

All these patterns have a specific set of rules which is what makes them profitable. We must qualify our patterns or signals with price action. We must get to know the dynamics of the pattern we are looking to trade that's what I wanted to show in my post. The indicator posted that draws these for you is nice but my fear is that it uses the ZigZag to identify swings to draw the patterns. The ZigZag is a dynamic indicator the continues to adjust as price advances and might cause patterns to paint that are not valid or transform into other pattern. We must get to know them a bit before we trade them. The other indicators in 9ers style definetly help with good entries. But we must build the case asto why we are getting into that trade.

By knowing the basics of the pattern helps you confirm if what you are seeing is valid information in the steps of building your case to entry. A question was raised earlier if waiting was better for better confirmation? In my humble opinion that greatly depends on the timeframe you have selected as your trading timeframe. What is reasonable expectancy on your chosen time frame. Swings have different expectancy depending on timeframe.

It is unreasonable to expect for a swing to run 30 or 40 pips on a 5M chart. Does it happen of course it does but not routinely. There are other factors to consider as well such as corrections.

Trade entry has a window of opportunity. You have to define that window or you risk reward becomes an issue. You want to place your window at the best possible place to have the best possible risk reward with the highest probability.

Cheers,

Mr. Pip

--- 帖子 #234 ---
Pictures are very important it gives you a visual understanding the book has plenty of chart examples. I don't have a digital copy or I would have posted it for free. If you register on his site you can get a free PDF of his very first book the one I referenced is an updated version of the same book. Down load it its very valuable

--- 帖子 #235 ---
Where can i find his site ?  Thanks

Best regards

--- 帖子 #236 ---
http://www.harmonictrader.com/

It's a free download

--- 帖子 #237 ---
Thanks  i thout you meant bill williams book.  I also tryed  to find his site but was not successful

Thanks.

Best regards

--- 帖子 #238 ---
No you need the pictures - to use a quote from your post, trade what you see. You need the pictures and an open chart in front of you. This helps you "figure it out" as you read any of the trading examples given in the book!

--- 帖子 #239 ---
You can buy the book used for $13.00 here: http://www.amazon.com/New-Trading-Di...lliams+trading

--- 帖子 #240 ---
I am dead serious when I say this: Even I don't know about zone trading. I like that you bring an additional element. Maybe as we progress you can identify a time that is more appropriate to introduce. Then the "teacher" can become the "student". I love it - and no worries you never over stepped any boundaries! Your passion for trading and teaching is evident!

--- 帖子 #241 ---
Thanks 9er, so much to read and re-read.

--- 帖子 #242 ---
Subscribed--I am very impressed

--- 帖子 #243 ---
i'm follow on your strategy and like it but i dont understand yet the setups.

i looking all your post and i saw that you have a lot of setups pls write in one post your best favorite enter

if you can , it's be more easy .

--- 帖子 #244 ---
Hi 9er

Really pleased to see that you started a thread. Looking forward to going through all the posts.

Thanks for sharing.

--- 帖子 #245 ---
Heaps of valuable information here. Thanks.

9er can you eleborate a bit on risk and money management used with your method/ approach ?

--- 帖子 #246 ---
Snail, and others who ask questions and cant find the answer. There are 3 things it could be: 1-It is in the student handbook. 2-9er is not ready to teach it yet. He just told us everything must go very slowly so we dont get overwhelmed 3-or, it was answered already and you can find it somewhere here. Most probably it is number 2. Seems to me 9er only wants questions to what he is tallking about. We havent cobered that much. And because I was encoraged I will say it again for the new people:

They don't want the thread cluttered with war stories and comments that are off topic. And the best one: IF IN DOUBT,DONT SAY IT.   I too was told to just relax and learn what is put in front of me. We all have questions that haven't come up yet. Imagine if we all asked them at the same time. Chaos! This is a great board with a very helpful moderator. Lets just sit back and enjoy the ride,folks. This is going to be quite a nice experience if we can just be patient. -)

--- 帖子 #247 ---
Demo account?

--- 帖子 #248 ---
Hi 9er

I have come across material that would have drawn divergence as shown in attachment. Please let me know what you think.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #249 ---
Your focus is in the wrong place. Please focus in the content of extremely valuable knowledge that is being handed to you on a silver no gold platter.

--- 帖子 #250 ---
Let me start by giving a HUGE thanks to  9er for starting this thread, for your time and effort. The way you’re sharing your trading style, the step by step intro and live trading examples, is a great way for us all to learn what you’re trying to teach.

I just finished reading the entire thread and about the gartley pattern. Just ordered Bill Williams book.

First question is when do you start looking at the market, London open? That’s like 1am your time MST, 3am my time EST. If so I’ll be up to watch and learn.

I hope this thread continues as long as it takes to share all your trading experience. Don’t let a few negative jerks ruin it for all us that really appreciate your thread.

I agree with others that say let’s keep this thread on topic and only ask pertinent questions.

Also thanks Mr. PIP for your contributions.

--- 帖子 #251 ---
We will always be students. Once we stop learning, we stop evolving and once we do that we become the dinosaurs LOL. We will definitely wait for a better time to discuss zones. It really is a lot simpler than it looks and very easy to identify don't sweat it. Is there anything in particular anyone wants to learn about the ABCD pattern. Like its rules? I ask this because no one has asked what makes an ABCD pattern?

In trading we have a need to know how things work. This is important to our success. You can't expect a surgeon to perform an operation without knowing how the body works and how that operation is going to affect the body. The same thing goes in trading. We must understand how our tools work so that we can use them more efficiently. Indicators, patterns, fibs whatever if we do not understand how they work then we can't apply them to price effectively and our trading will be severely affected...

--- 帖子 #252 ---
Hi Mr Pip

Many thanks for your help. I'm interested in learning the ABCD rules. I watched your video as well and liked it a lot. Not sure how to copy the trend line AB = CD. Look forward to your teachings.

Many Thanks to 9er as well for his kind help.

--- 帖子 #253 ---
Perhaps it is... but on a demo account I am a milionaire...

--- 帖子 #254 ---
exciting..   but cant stop thinking about sheeps..... hmm   wonder why ????

--- 帖子 #255 ---
We if you are trading in real time then your result should be the same. It would not matter if it is a real or demo. The inconsistancies then would be the trader's mind set (fear, greed, disbelief). I would however agree that the results will be significantly different in a backtest of an EA as in backtesting of an automated system you don't capture spread changes, swaps and requotes. It's always easier in back test because indicator repaint and perform magically perfect.

If the problem is discipline then as I tell my students open a micro account and trade the smallest position size you can afford. Real time trading is real time trading. If you have a trade plan that is rules based and you follow that plan without fail then real or not your results will be the same.

Be consistent with your trading, measure your results then you will be able to quantify the weaknesses and improve on them. Do this my friend and you will see how you real account will slowly match you demo.

Cheers,

Mr. Pip

--- 帖子 #256 ---
ok... now I am interested..

1) ... Your students ? what students? please can you clarify your relationship with "9er"?

2) don't you think it's a bit strange to push a system to the public that is used only at the demo level? Can you show me the results with real money?

3) if it is demo only, then fine, but please can you make sure that your followers know about it?

--- 帖子 #257 ---
Listen, this is exactly why threads go to waste. It is this kind of thinking that prohibits a learning trader's growth. As mention before your focus is way out somewhere where it doesn't need to be. If you are here to learn then learn if you have something to offer that will increase performance then by all means share it. But if you are here to ask pointless question that have nothing to do with what 9er and the others are here for than please find another forum.

Not that I need to but so that you don't feel like you need to continue on the subject here it goes the answers to your questions:

1) ... Your students ? what students? please can you clarify your relationship with "9er"?

I teach anyone who is serious about learning to trade. I do this at no cost because I care about people and their personal growth. Locally in my area we have weekly meet ups and monthly meetings to discuss trading and investing. I have no relationship with 9er only through this forum this thread is the first time we exchange ideas.

2) don't you think it's a bit strange to push a system to the public that is used only at the demo level? Can you show me the results with real money?

No one here is pushing anything on anyone only sharpening skills. I'll call it the progression of a learned skill as this is a very important component to becoming a successful trader. We must always keep learning! Whether it is a real account or demo does not matter to me. As a professional trader who does this for a living, my experience and knowledge on the topic tells me there is real value in the material presented. I don't need the account to be labeled as real to see this. I hope the rest can see the same. I will not show you my real account because I have nothing to prove to you and will probably make you cry. If you can't see the knowledge base in my posts and that of 9er's than I can't help you and certainly explains the focus of your questions.

3) if it is demo only, then fine, but please can you make sure that your followers know about it?

I believe I already answered this question but I will add this: Does it really matter if a system is presented in a real or demo account? Maybe to some people it does but it shouldn't. We have to be masters of our craft and above all students. When you went to school your teacher educated you through a means of different forums (chalk boards, handouts, books) did that make it invalid because it wasn't the real thing or did you absorb the material and applied it to real life? Trading is the same and this forum is the same. Information is presented and as you grow as a trader you will begin to understand what has merit and what doesn't what works and what doesn't. It's taken me a long time and lots of money to learn this critical lesson.

Anyway I'm not here to argue or waste time on matters that are not conducive to learning. I hope this answers your questions and brought you closer towards your success as a trader.

Out of respect for 9er and the many present I will ignore all future post and not entertain questions that are not in tune with learning. I hope you will do the same. Thank you and my apologies to all for having taken the time to write this.

--- 帖子 #258 ---
Thank you, now the ABCD pattern is the one that occurs the most. It is also the foundation for other advance patterns which we will hopefully cover in the future. This pattern has some variations as it's appearance depends mainly on how shallow or deep the BC leg retraces. There is the ideal ABCD pattern and the rules attached covers this. These are my rules for the pattern as I trade them. It is from my trade plan, I also have the same rules for the other patterns I trade. Enjoy and I hope it hepls you.

Almost forgot, I don't know how to copy and paste on MT4 because I don't use it but I know it can be done.

--- 帖子 #259 ---
[quote=Mr. Pip;6253646]Thank you, now the ABCD pattern is the one that occurs the most. It is also the foundation for other advance patterns which we will hopefully cover in the future. This pattern has some variations as it's appearance depends mainly on how shallow or deep the BC leg retraces. There is the ideal ABCD pattern and the rules attach

Thank you as I was typing up a request for the same info after a "GOOGLE" referred me to the Harmonic Trader website.

Appreciate all of this

John from Durban

--- 帖子 #260 ---
Much appriciated my pleasure!!

--- 帖子 #261 ---
Thank You Mr Pip for the rules. I will study it carefully and practice identifying these patterns. The rules are succinctly written.

Thank You again.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #262 ---
Until now it is still :
The Emperor's New Clothes    (google it if you dont understand)

i am realy impressed  so many   praisers already..Hmmm   truely amazing

--- 帖子 #263 ---
It seems like a solid method. Im going to try selling/buying at the c point by using candlestick reversal formations at the C point. Ill try it on the minute 15 EURUSD tomorrow, may the force be with me! I finally seriously started considering candlestick formations, ABCD, and harmonic trading via this thread, and using the handouts given! Many thanks!

--- 帖子 #264 ---
Good to hear. Remember to qualify your trade there has to be a reason for entry the more you have (confluence) the higher the probability. Trade empowered and the force will be with you. Let price come to you don't chase it. This confirms your premise and validates entry.

--- 帖子 #265 ---
Mr Pip,

Firstly thanks for your at 9 er's contributions to this forum.

I have been trading for over 5 yrs but am new to pattern recognition and trading.

The major problem is knowing where X and A start in the development of a pattern. Can A begin again in a trend ( is this a pattern within a pattern?) I realise that there will be retracements within the movement of price between legs, but my question is at what stage within a leg does price movement invalidate the pattern.

Please see chart and see that price at C went to 78.6% but did not have a candle close below 61.8% - the perfect setup for the CD leg. Price moved up nicely and stalled and retraced just below a 100% move (B). At what subsequent stage has the pattern been invalidated or is it still valid, this down move only a retracement.

At what stage would you have moved your stop to BE?

I can only trade for a few hours a day, thus that is why I will concentrate on the 15 min timeframe and please ignore the sell trade as it is a scalp setup off another system I use.

Again thanks to the two of you for you wonderful input.

gregben

--- 帖子 #266 ---
Thanks Mr.Pip for beautifully compiled the ABCD rules..

--- 帖子 #267 ---
Since last thread price has risen sharply to reacd D. Probably not a good example as it spannen the weekend wher e you would not enter a trade

--- 帖子 #268 ---
Hello,
Great questions! I can see the wheels spinning in the right direction love it! There  is no X in an ABCD pattern and when an ABCD pattern fails usually at the CD leg is when you would start your process of identifying your A leg as XA and the process of qualifying another pattern (Gartley usually).  The best way to identify an XA leg is to measure out a dominant swing. A dominant swing is an absolute high and low or low and high.
My trade management is outlined in the rules I posted please refer to it and if needed I’ll post another chart specific to this example.
I mentioned in earlier posts that it is common to see patterns within patterns and even posted an example and the chart you presented has a nice ABCD pattern within it. These harmonic moves inside our potential patterns help us in the confirmation that our analysis is correct. We must keep in mind the larger patterns trump the smaller ones as the smaller one correlate to smaller timeframes or smaller corrections in price action. The pattern you identified is still a valid pattern please refer to my chart for an explanation and thought process. I hope this answers your question? If I need to explain something better please let me know and I’ll do my best to help.
I know there is a lot of line on my chart but I wanted you to see how patterns within patterns help us find confluence and guide us harmonically through price action. There is nothing random about price movement. It is our task to find it’s natural order and exploit the opportunities.
Cheers,
Mr. Pip

--- 帖子 #269 ---
Mr Pip,

Many thanks for your explanation and wonderful chart. When you see it in retrospect it looks so simple, the challenge is to see it as it is setting up. I am looking forward to the challenge of spotting these setups as they occur and will follow the forum to continue that learning process.

gregben

--- 帖子 #270 ---
Risk and money management? Yeah this is an area that if I post won't bring much praise if any. The general rule of thumb is to not risk more than 5% of your account balance with any one trade.

My risk is based primarily off the strength of the premise for that trade. For the safety of everyone here, I believe this is a matter best left to you as the manager of your funds.

--- 帖子 #271 ---
Dot - send me a PM with the info. I will take a look

--- 帖子 #272 ---
I hate Mondays.

The daily: It is apparent that the Bulls came out on top to close the week last week. To me, the fact that the daily TF has formed what I surmise to be a "5.0 butterfly pattern". These have been know to validate the X to A leg for the next move (As they are invalid as an ABCD move).

However I have already known the current move on the daily to be X to A for a few days now - so nothing new here

The RSI is at 67, the AO is no help on the daily as all it says is that there is very little upside momentum (I suppose that fact could be helpful)

BIAS: For the daily, on a Monday? Speculative but Bullish for the interim, bearish to close the day

--- 帖子 #273 ---
Fibs and harmonic lead the way to the patterns. Patience your eyes will soon spot them without the need to draw them out. Train your eyes.

--- 帖子 #274 ---
The 4H: Maybe a little better picture. There is divergence on this TF. The RSI is turning up. A few days ago we can see where it crosses below the 50, then bounces back over it, upwards (signaling upside trend).

The small divergence tells me that on the 4H, the search for critical resistance level is needed, followed by a bearish divergent candle formation (these setups can often be found by trading from the lower TF's).

Quandry: It's Monday

Bias: Bullish for interim, key resistance hit, then bearish.

--- 帖子 #275 ---
1H: The formation of a valid ABCD pattern does very little for my confidence, that it is a "completed" ABCD. Here is why:

Rule: If the first few candles of the B to C leg are extended or longer, this can signal an extension of the C to D leg, usually to the 161.8 Fib or higher. Currently it is at the 127.1 Fibo.

Most of the times the ABCD pattern can be symmetrical (meaning the C to D leg, is the same length (distance) or size as the A to B leg. This is not a hard and fast rule, the first few candles of the B to C leg can sometimes help with this.

But the second of the 2 candles in the B to C leg, while extended in size, closed as bearish divergent with bullish qualities (it closed higher than it opened).

BIAS: ARRRGGGHHHH! Unknown: Bullish (despite the ABCD) for the short term. Draw your Fibos and look for the 161 area to get struck, then wait for a bearish divergent candle whether bullish or bearish in characteristic (closes in the lower half of the candle) or any "paired candle" reversals.

Look for REVERSAL areas

--- 帖子 #276 ---
I guess if I had a favorite setup it would be from the Fractals. The best one in the first fractal that forms outside the alligators mouth. There are a few exceptions to this rule as often times a spike can occur outside the alligators mouth and create waht Bill Williams refers to as "Angulation".

Angulation occurs when price pulls sharply away from the alligators mouth. Look at BW book and do a search for angulation, as sometimes when this occurs it can in and of itself be a reversal.

But yes the first fractal "outside" the mouth. Look on your charts and find areas where price goes through the alligators mouth. Find the first up fractal outside the mouth and tell me what happens!

--- 帖子 #277 ---
Both actually (demo and live). But I will not ever post my live trading results, and I have discontinued the demo account. I created it to show a person that 90% accuracy is not an anomoly

--- 帖子 #278 ---
Yes it is at 1:00 am MST, however I am awake and in front of the charts starting around 8:30 pm, and I stay in front of them until 1000 am MST. I put in loooong hours. Some days it is all I can do to even open my trade station.

Thank you for looking

--- 帖子 #279 ---
Couldn't agree more! Find attached some basic rules and principles for ABCD patterns. These are what I refer to as the "basics". Failure to "self learn" these patterns is the most primal failure in Forex.

--- 帖子 #280 ---
Please read the rules at page #1

Never post like this again! This is the problem with people in general. Please shed the mindset that you can't do this. Kick the pipes, knock off the rust and introduce a fresh perspective.

If you are a millionare on your Demo account, why aren't you at a minimum successful with forex?

Word of warning - refrain from these detrimental posts. Have a positive attitude or stay OUT!

--- 帖子 #281 ---
Banned

--- 帖子 #282 ---
Banned

--- 帖子 #283 ---
Don't waste your time with these pretend traders. Moving forward - I will just simply ban any trader that posts negative commentary. I am tired of it and today I am grumpy as hell anyway.

--- 帖子 #284 ---
Very nice contribution

--- 帖子 #285 ---
Awesome - Progress! Post your setups, results and reasoning! let's do it together

--- 帖子 #286 ---
I would like to show an example of what Bill Williams refers to as "Angulation". Angulation is spoken to in the first book "Trading Chaos" not the second. But I have always loved the premise of Angulation and how it works hand in hand with my style.

Figure 9.3 of "trading chaos" and it's subsequent definition: Angulation. drawing a line along the path of the prices (from the low candle's "low" where it enters the mouth to the high candles high) and draw another line along the path of the alligator (from where price crosses "into the mouth" to the opening side of the alligator mouth. See attached chart

The farther the angulation, the stronger the signal (especially if it closes divergent), can often times be an excellent entry.

The attached chart is from the 15M

--- 帖子 #287 ---
To conclude my previous post. I would look for price to move "through" the mouth of the alligator to a key Fibo area, wait for the retrace, then the formation of the first down fractal, at this point I check the RSI, hopefully it has crossed the 50 (for confirmation) going down.  If so, this is a safe indication that I would place a sell stop at the first down fractal (or potentially the 61.8 area).

If price falls to the 61.8 and retraces up to the mouth (below the mouth), it is a good sign that the 61.8 area will be where the down fractal forms and a sell stop placed below the 61.8 (minus 3 pips).

RULE OF THUMB: With the exception of reversal patterns, we only buy when we are above the alligator mouth, and we only sell when we are below it (of course getting confirmation from other indicators first always helps).

--- 帖子 #288 ---
9er,

I was looking at exactly the same premive, waiting for the 61.8 retracement, but it has rebounded exactly off the 38.2. What does this show and what should we be next looking for?

gregben

--- 帖子 #289 ---
I hate Mondays! The retrace is already occuring. It went to the 38.2. My premise is blown because in strong trending markets, the retrace is often to the 38.2 level (indicating more upward movement??).

Doubt has now been introduced to my mind and as is the norm on Mondays I wait

--- 帖子 #290 ---
Draw your fib from that high to the 38.2 retrace area. now you need to establish the target area

If this is A to B (which is my guess) now you wait for C to form at one of the retracement levels

No matter which leg you are in FIBO levels are essential in determing target area. Draw your fib's from the high to low (or vice versa) to find retrace or bounce areas.

IN CASE ANYONE HAS NOT NOTICED, WHAT WE DO IS "DANCE" WITH THE MARKET. We react to what it gives us. you can speculate and speculate what you think it will do, but the key is to react "When it does"

Make sense?

--- 帖子 #291 ---
Hit 61.8 and looks to assume a bounce. We can speculate that a drop below the mouth and a drop below the 50 are forth coming

--- 帖子 #292 ---
Here is where we are hard and fast rule followers, yet we must account for circumstance. Notice the first down fractal painted with the candle inside the alligators mouth.

My premise is this: This down fractal corresponds to the original 61.8 retrace.

Which premise would you place a sell stop for?

A. The down fractal only

B. The 61.8 fibo break

C. Both

you tell me

--- 帖子 #293 ---
Am on the same wavelenght. Projected D target now 1.3017 ( 127 extension ) or 1.3012 ( 1.618 extension). Is this correct?

--- 帖子 #294 ---
While I have set a sell stop, VOLUME IS LOW! I am risking a very small trade

--- 帖子 #295 ---
Beautiful

--- 帖子 #296 ---
I would like some participation please. Will someone drill to the 5M and tell me what you see?

--- 帖子 #297 ---
sorry, 9er, been away frompc. on 5 min do we have a completion of D?

gregben

--- 帖子 #298 ---
It appeared that it wanted to. UK just opened and from what I can tell any sell mindset has to be put on hold for now. Cancelling sell stop

--- 帖子 #299 ---
Believe what we are seeing is the push upwards, which I favor at this point. I will begin the search for a more viable entry (although for now taking Bullish trades seems risky). Reserve the right to allow the market to prove me wrong!@

--- 帖子 #300 ---
Still on the 15M; retrace is at 78.6 and seriously seems to be the completion of the B to C. The only way to disprove this is for price to exceed what I have earmarked as "A".

IF A is exceeded I can only then presume that A was X all along and the count changes

--- 帖子 #301 ---
Anyone?

--- 帖子 #302 ---
sell stop in at the low of the last 15M bearish engulfing candle. 1.30264 (again, low risk)

What I see is A to B, B to C

Anyone?

--- 帖子 #303 ---
If we get triggered in on the sell, switch to 5M and BEWARE the 200. Take your profits before it gets to that level (or at least lock in your profit)

--- 帖子 #304 ---
Going to go grab a bite to eat. Uncertainity is abound and I am contemplating calling it quits today folks

--- 帖子 #305 ---
Just got up 40 min ago and caught up on reading the thread. Still just watching and trying to learn.

I don't understand angulation. How would you use that for an entry?

Uncertainy.....I agree. Price does not want to show it's hand.

M15 shows price should go to the 127 fibo at least, but RSI is sloping up(steep) and bouncing off 50.

Crap as I write price goin up! Just made new high. That changes evrything. Time to revaluate.

--- 帖子 #306 ---
AO diverging. Not much momentum. Just looked News at 4:30 GBP. Maybe just a spike?

--- 帖子 #307 ---
EU 15 M; took 5 pips on the sell. missed the beautiful setup on the 5M

Does anyone see the Bulish engulfing pattern?

--- 帖子 #308 ---
Eaaaasy Bary - look at the attached chart of the 15M. While this candle has not finished yet. Here is an example of Angulation and how it can be used in our favor. Do you see it?

--- 帖子 #309 ---
We now have bearish divergence on the 30M, 1H and 4H

--- 帖子 #310 ---
Looking at H1. Did I label ABCD correct?

--- 帖子 #311 ---
I see the angulation now that you drew it, but how do we use it? I see a very wide angle but not sure how to use or what it means.

--- 帖子 #312 ---
Sorry, H1 chart.....

--- 帖子 #313 ---
You don't see the inverted hammer? The fact that there is angulation only serves to strengthen that signal.

That particular candle didn't close as bearish as I show in the example. I only posted it to show you how you can use angulation

--- 帖子 #314 ---
Ok So the inverted hammer is bearish and the wide angle on the angulation gives more strength to a possible bearish move?

--- 帖子 #315 ---
Bary - you are on the track, but your count is wrong. This is where it can get very complicated. See the attached chart? Where it is painted blue? Now look at the pointy side, it's facing to the right as you look at it - yes?

You now know that what you are looking at is D. Count the highs and lows backwards till you find A

Mock it up and post it

I know how complex it can be. But do it in your mind to make it simple. I mean for me? I use "pointy end right" and "pointy end left" Does that sound complicated?

Try not to get bogged down in sub-waves (which in some ways your post may have nailed a "sub-wave ABCD"). Watch the ZUP, it won't always "paint" but the geometric shapes ARE there (Drawn by virtue of it's calculation for fib levels)!

--- 帖子 #316 ---
YES!

--- 帖子 #317 ---
And we are triggered in

--- 帖子 #318 ---
And as it always does, it "tests" your ability to take your hand off the mouse!

--- 帖子 #319 ---
H1 Looks text book ABCD. I should have seen that.

What about H4. Possible ABCD? accept for the divergence and price is boucing off the fibo 78 of the bigger move.

Hey, thanks for all your help. It is greatly appreciated!!

--- 帖子 #320 ---
Looks like you are picking it up! Excellent! I gotta tell you, I truly do not trade on Monday's unless there is a good reason to trade it. Today there just doesn't seem to be a good reason.

I got triggered in on the one trade (the first sell stop) managed to clip 5 pips from it, now I literally can't stop looking at these charts.

The "Bug" bit me today!

4H has been divergent for a few days now. The bears are lifeless - and it just feels like the EU wants to press on upwards.

Until some divergence changes and the winds shift, I am having a very hard time taking a Bullish perspective

--- 帖子 #321 ---
And then it let's us remove the risk. I am at BE.

I've likened trading forex as the same as getting caught in traffic through a major construction zone and behind a car that refuses to do at least the speed limit! It's maddening - but with patience the construction zone clears and you are free to pass. now I can breath again~!

--- 帖子 #322 ---
Now it would be a nice time if the RSI STAYS below fifty!

--- 帖子 #323 ---
Hi

Sorry I got a bit lost with all the posts. Can you please summarize your reasons for taking this trade?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #324 ---
9er

Just back from a lovely dinner with my wife. Entered a short trade prior to going and pleased to see green pips on my return and now stop at BE.

My question is that we are seeing the completion of the ABCD on 15 min and 1 hr timeframe, but a bullish bat formation has formed on the 5 min chart and it just above the 200sma. Would you take partial profit at this stage and let the other run, or would you let it all run based on the longer timeframes?

gregben

--- 帖子 #325 ---
Sure thing - go to post 302. I took the trade (a sell stop) based on the completion of the B to C leg, and the somewhat bearish nature of the candle to preceded the completion of the B to C leg

--- 帖子 #326 ---
Gregben - I would simply lock in profit for the entire trade. Keep in mind that the bat on the 5M is just that, on the 5M. The thing I am watching now is the 200 from the 5M to determine a better place to lock in more profit, or close the trade all together.

Thing is sometimes it turns before getting to the 200. Which is why I won't ever speculate that it will, but I lock in profit and really don't care if it gets taken out.

The thing with ZUP is it will paint valid patterns, but it has no way of knowing if the pattern is finished forming yet.

Which is why (if you remember) i advised against using the ZUP as a signal generator.

--- 帖子 #327 ---
Drilling to the 5M we can see that RSI is below 50. The BAT painted but price is sideways. Don't speculate and exit too early, if you locked in profit, take your hand off the mouse and "see what it does".

If it takes you out, it was supposed to take you out. otherwise you may benefit from a nice ride if you learn to "refrain" from letting your emotions get in the way

--- 帖子 #328 ---
So in this case I was taken out at BE (well actually +.01 pips). Now I look for a reason to re-enter

--- 帖子 #329 ---
Go to page 2 of this document and someone tell me what you see from the attached chart

--- 帖子 #330 ---
Quote from Bill Williams "New Trading Dimensions":

"Dancing with the Market is moving with the flow of the market - up, down, or sideways - with a feeling of trust, gratitude and yes, even love."

--- 帖子 #331 ---
Set sell stop based off 4H.

Premise:

1. Divergence between the AO and price (Yet again)

2. RSI above 60 (was turning down)

3. this high represents the completion of an ABCD pattern (ugly as hell, but it it there nonetheless)

4. Bearish divergent candle with engulfing qualities (the body and the entire wick completely engulf it's predecessor) Or simply put :bearish engulfing)

Now - can I find an earlier entry if I surmise that the 4H is going down? You bet, simply by "hawking" for a setup via Candle reversal, RSI etc. on lower TF's

As i find them I will post

--- 帖子 #332 ---
This is foolish. Does anyone see anything wrong with these charts?

Until price quits it's bitching and moaning and comes out of these sideways channels, it is safe to say close any open trades on the EU (if surmised from anything other than the 4H) and stay away from this tightly bound range.

Scalping at the 5M is possible, but due to low volume and bias uncertainty I would advise staying out until there is a break

Nothing will make you doubt yourself quicker than a market that has no clue what the F*ck it wants to do!

--- 帖子 #333 ---
Bearish Harami, followed by another, then started to reverse but didn't follow thru, which tells us price is again uncertain of direction.

--- 帖子 #334 ---
Anyone please feel free to correct me on this one, but I believe what I have just drawn on the attached 1H chart is known as a "Bull Trap".

Notice the nice up channel, then after the large up spike which started this sideways movement?

price is no longer channeling (moving up and down through the uptrend). The upper trend line is tagged and price goes rangebound after that.

--- 帖子 #335 ---
Yes agree!!!  Good time to study.

Do you only trade E/U?

I don't know how you keep your trading hours. When the heck do you sleep?

--- 帖子 #336 ---
Bary - I'm gonna make you a moderator my man! I'm loving what your laying down

--- 帖子 #337 ---
Only EU nothing else. I get my sleep - trust me on that one!

--- 帖子 #338 ---
Good morning or afternoon to some my, my, my you've been busy great stuff love it! just got caught up I'll take a look at EU and give you my two pips.

--- 帖子 #339 ---
Finally - the break out. Bulls in charge!

--- 帖子 #340 ---
Any idea what is driving this price action? There hasn't been any news releases for 3 hours??

--- 帖子 #341 ---
From the 5M - bizarre

--- 帖子 #342 ---
Futures up, don't know why though, someone knows something we don't.

--- 帖子 #343 ---
ECB released some economic data or speculation of Spain Bailout??

--- 帖子 #344 ---
Gonna go take a nap. Be back later to check on the 4H

2 trades today

+5.01 pips - love Monday's

--- 帖子 #345 ---
Hi 9er, thanks for starting this thread which is informative. Had learned of ABCD when I started forex a few years ago but never get to use it. Thanks for showing how and guiding us through each step today. I was looking at the 1H B to C and drawing a fibo noted that the candle got rejected before 1.618. Is this also one of the reasons it got rejected and going down. also if you look to the left, there is a supply/demand level which is in confluence with this rejection. Could there be a reversal soon? Pls excuse the painted long rectangles.

regards

--- 帖子 #346 ---
I'll try to answer but I hope 9er or Mr Pip will verify my answer.

You don't draw fib from B to C. You draw from A to B. Then the C leg retraces between 38 and 78, and your D leg projection is between the 1.27 or 1.62 fib extention of AB

--- 帖子 #347 ---
Like this:

--- 帖子 #348 ---
Thanks Bary for the correction and info. Many thanks.

Regards

Mark

--- 帖子 #349 ---
Well, after a review my position has changed price did move into the PRZ identified in post 268 and corrected. If you got in there price moved in favor 27 pips depending on your rules you could have made some green. Now what’s going on from a harmonic prospective that would change our bias and look for a move towards higher highs? Let’s examine the congestion area on a smaller timeframe the 5M.
There were many clues that price had little intention of moving south and we would see higher highs.
· At first glance this congestion area is a flag pattern which signifies to me a high probability of a trend continuation and the trend is up.
·  Price tested the 38% fib and failed 4 times. This signifies strength to the bulls and weakness to the bears.
· There was no bat pattern per the rules I follow which is why 9er is correct in saying you can’t follow the ZUP blindly. Remember we must qualify our patterns and confirm with price action. The bat pattern does not have a retracement larger that 50% of XA and did not achieve at least a 61.8% correction of AB this invalidates the pattern.
· We did have a bullish ABCD completion 1:1 terminating at the 38% fib supported by structure giving a nice area to enter long.

Please remember patterns are great and profitable but I will always say this and hope it sticks PRICE ACTION IS KING. It will usually leave clues as to what it wants to do. Read your chart from a price perspective. Build that case for entry.
Sure as hell price shot up and with major momentum don’t know why and found some exhaustion at a confluence of structure around 1.3075 and the 138.2% Fib extension.  From here we would have to wait to see how it interacts with the 38% and structure. Review chart below. I am also attaching a visual of the patterns I trade and their ratios for reference.
Cheers,
Mr. Pip

--- 帖子 #350 ---
Folks I apologize - I set this sell stop when i got downstairs. Off the divergent candle from the 1H chart. It was purely speculative as today price is tricky.

Wanted to share the premise with you though. Currently locked at BE again

--- 帖子 #351 ---
Barry - apologize for missing this, but you absolutley should be drawing your Fib from B to C. This gives you your potential target area.

Does this clarify?

--- 帖子 #352 ---
That is correct. I draw an extension of AB which gives me target D

--- 帖子 #353 ---
Closed hourly short trade and took profit based off the 5M and the 200

--- 帖子 #354 ---
BC could be measured too. I found that AB is more consistent LOL more than one way to skin a cat.

--- 帖子 #355 ---
Mr Pip - drawing extension of A to B is great, but please post an example. I ALWAYS draw from B to C - ALWAYS have and it is pretty damn accurate with your target area.

Read the Gartley info I posted - I'll attach it here refer to page 3

Taken from Gartley: The next leg is where the math begins [B to C]. The B to C leg is the important leg to check the math on.

--- 帖子 #356 ---
Reviewed the document. I got it now. Thanks

--- 帖子 #357 ---
Hi 9er

You using autochartist to draw your ABDC, gartley and butterfly patterns?

--- 帖子 #358 ---
I feel good with this method & style. I want to learn more from you 9er, try to adopt your style, demo and demo it until it becomes my natural trading style. Sorry for my bad English and thank you for your lesson 9er.

Just demo this method. A nice little pip for first time use..cheers

--- 帖子 #359 ---
No sir using ZUP indicator

--- 帖子 #360 ---
Glad to hear - but do not take my lead for not setting a stop loss on your trades. Stop loss is your responsibility! Whatever the signal candle is, if you are buying your stop loss should be at the low of the signal candle minus 3 pips (for EU).

When I am at my PC I manage my trades, I am not the best at setting stop losses. If I am ever going to be away from my PC, I ALWAYS set the stop loss.

Set your stop loss, if the premise of your trade is correct, you shouldn't have to worry about your stop loss getting hit!

--- 帖子 #361 ---
You are right there is! I actually used to measure A to B myself, but after reading the Gartley definition I just made it a habit to measure B to C!

No worries - just think it's important we stay on the same sheet of music!

--- 帖子 #362 ---
Sorry I must be confused; I thought we were talking about an ABCD pattern. The example you showed is a Gartley pattern which has an ABCD pattern within it. The Gartley is a 5 point pattern XABCD and yes you would be correct the best place to measure would be from BC and confluence of XA at the 78.6% the ABCD does not have 5 points but you can still find confluence between AB and BC for target D. My illustration is attached.
Cheers,
Mr. Pip

--- 帖子 #363 ---
We are looking at a potential Butterfly pattern on EURUSD 5M.  If the 50% fails so does the pattern.

--- 帖子 #364 ---
No worries I got it. Keep in mind though that a Gartley is either a variation of, or a failed ABCD. While it paints you can still measure it's legs, whether it paints ABCD or Butterfly, the underlying premise is still ABCD and should be treated or measured with that premise.

I guess what I am saying is that there is "Classic ABCD, or butterfly, bat, 5.0 etc" each of them carries with it ABCD characteristics that are measured the same, irrespective of what pattern they end up painting.

Make sense?

--- 帖子 #365 ---
Nice explanation Mr Pip.

--- 帖子 #366 ---
Sure Does

--- 帖子 #367 ---
Mr Pip...

Do enter when price gets to the buy/sell areas of the pattern or do you wait to see candle formations for entry?

--- 帖子 #368 ---
Thanks the 50 might hold but they are really fighting it out.

--- 帖子 #369 ---
I wait to see how price behaves in the buy/sell areas (PRZ). Mainly I look for price to reject that area. These areas are usually exhaustion points (over bought/oversold) so price does not like to hang around for long. If price lingers then that is a clue that perhaps we might need to take a better look.
I drop down to a lower time frame for a closer look.  Hope that helps?
Cheers,
Mr. Pip

--- 帖子 #370 ---
I think I may have an explanation for the bizarre price action, not only today but last week as well. We are currently sitting squarely a major upper trend line for the weekly TF Actually it looks to have at least pierced it for now.

Until price either breaks though or bounces from, quirky PA might be the "Norm" for a spell

--- 帖子 #371 ---
Love it

--- 帖子 #372 ---
Well, that is that, the 50 failed and so did the butterfly. Evolution has taken place and lets see what price wants to do now on my hands.

--- 帖子 #373 ---
Might just be me - but I believe your ealier post summed it up well. Bullish seems to be the bias. Check the attached 1H. There have been no attempts to downside trend line in some time.

The divergence is about to make me batty - PA has been ignoring it since last week.

This is a beautiful upside channel that makes me want my mommy and everything. It is just ignoring EVERYTHING!

--- 帖子 #374 ---
looks like a good time to step out for lunch catch everyone later.

--- 帖子 #375 ---
As I painted the trend lines for my last post, it occurred to me that I have overlooked a pretty strong premise. The upper and lower trend lines correspond nicely to RSI (using either as a signal or confirmation of each other)

Notice on the 1H chart attached (I stripped it down for this post) Starting from where price pushes off 30 in the RSI (left side of chart). Every subsequent move after this is a thing of beauty that until now, I have overlooked.

Every time price touches the upper trend-line the RSI pushes 70, the next candle rejects; room for a market order to scalp the 1H in an uptrend? I think so.

Every time the RSI attempts to push below 50, price meets with some sort of support, whether it's the lower trend line or one of the 3 moving averages in the alligators mouth, the very next candle goes bullish? Again an opportunity to go Market order long, latch on to the trend?

Every time price touches a support or resistance area look at the RSI, is it confirming?

In an uptrend when RSI touches 50, what is price touching? Look to latch on to the trend and ride it up or if you miss the bounce off the 50, wait for it to channel upwards to either a pivot or the upper trend line. If RSI hits between 65 and 70 and price has touched the trend line look to clip some pips on the very next candle going down.

I challenge you to find the setup's that I have not marked. Tomorrow I come in with a "new premise" to test! See you then. Have a good day

--- 帖子 #376 ---
Shame on me, as an experienced trader I should know better. I always say it but almost overlooked it. Got caught up in the moment and forgot one of my golden rules larger timeframe trumps the smaller. I always consult the higher timeframe to see what the big boys are up to and today I didn’t luckily I was on my hands so I didn’t pay the price.
Can anyone tell me what prompted me to enter this bull market short? I may still be wrong but my risk is quite small.
Risking 30 for 100 beautiful Risk/reward.
Going for a nap now a bit under the weather probably explains the oversight LOL. I’ll check back later to check in on the responses.
I left two clues on the chart below.

--- 帖子 #377 ---
Triple top, price rejecting off the fibo ext 127 (D leg projection), price extended (surpassed daily range), great RR ratio

--- 帖子 #378 ---
Can anyone explain what the indicator means by a bullish abcd pattern?

--- 帖子 #379 ---
I can see by your post you have not read through the thread. Please take the time to read through and if you still have questions I will try to help.

--- 帖子 #380 ---
Only one shot???
Come on people this for all to participate. No one will be disrespected here if you don’t know its ok that’s what we are here for. We can all learn from each other.
Hey Berry,
Nice job you are on the right track you are getting warm. I will add another clue and see if we can get some more participation.  Feel free to also jump in and add some more comments.
Cheers,
Mr. Pip

--- 帖子 #381 ---
Mr. Pip,

I can agree with Barry on the tripple top.  The only other thing I "think I see" from your naked chart is rejection at the PRZ which I would consider a higher probablity short.

By the way, thanks to 9'er for starting this thread.  I have never learned anything about AB=CD, Gartley's and harmonics before this enlightening thread.

Thanks for the attachments.  I don't know if this will even post as a Junior Member.

I really am greatful to 9'er for the + 1 pip+ spread= sell/buy stop entry technique.  This technique for order entry alone will improve my trading. I've been a price chaser.  Everythings about to change.  Thanks

--- 帖子 #382 ---
This is my very first post in FF. In the last couple of weeks I've been amazed/overwhelmed by all these great systems there are, but ever since I read 9er's "style" type of trading is like if something clicked in my brain. For one that has to decide which thread to follow - since you can't be succesfull changing your strategy every 2 or 3 days - I will definetelly learn all I can from you guys. A style of trading is something that I really look forward to develop. Thank you also for the suggested readings!

--- 帖子 #383 ---
I come to same conclusion, PRZ area ,completion of CD ? Also an exhaustion point you marked on a previous M5 chart

--- 帖子 #384 ---
Mr Pip

We have a confluence in the area you have marked.

If you put a fib extension to each of the legs ( retracements of the upward trend ) all of them either have their 1.618%  lines in this area.

gregben

--- 帖子 #385 ---
Great job it is a completion of ABCD at a major area of S/R. The price reversal area identified came from the confluence of key swings and their exhaustion based of Fibs. I waited to see some better price rejection as the market has been very bullish so I jumped in a bit late. If the high holds I got in within 15 pips of the high not bad. I like to catch reversals within 20 pips for a better R/W.
Cheers,
Mr. Pip

--- 帖子 #386 ---
Great Job! Ratio conflunce = high probability

--- 帖子 #387 ---
OK - we need to reel things in just a bit. As I feared would happen we have a bunch of traders trying to chime in or show their knowledge. While I appreciate that, I need for you to stick to the topic at hand.

When you do this keep your post to the subject matter at hand. People are trying to learn a style of trading. While I am taking it as slow as I can there have been a few posts that tend to "wander".

I've given Mr Pip permission to post his chart. Please refrain from posting any other chart other than the template I provided, and do not introduce indicators in this thread that I did not list on page 1 of this thread.

I posted a new premise yesterday, an exciting strong premise and it didn't even so much as get peep. There was chatter of confluence, PRZ etc.

I started this thread to avoid that. If you want confluence, PRZ, theory and want to ignore the subject matter I post may I humbly suggest starting a new thread?

Your knowledge is very evident, but as I said my style bounces all over the place and does not concentrate on any one area. It is my intention to show the "blue collar" practical approach. I will re-post the thread rules. if you have any comments or disagree please PM me.

--- 帖子 #388 ---
Wow what a grind. Let's see what happens a bit concerned about the S/R  forming but my trade is on auto pilot and I'm prepared to take the loss so I'll let this one play out. Good night all safe trading.

Cheers

Mr. Pip

--- 帖子 #389 ---
Thread Rules: Respect, Integrity always Never  EVER speak in this thread of conspiracy theories, stop hunting brokers  etc. If you manage your trades properly, neither of these should affect  you anyway. Do not attempt to introduce any system, indicator,  EA or otherwise into this thread (other than what I introduce). Doing so  will earn you a one way ticket out of here Never, ever, ever  speak ill of someone else in this thread.  I don’t care how mad you get,  take it off line. This thread is meant to be conducive to learning, not  your personal sounding board. If someone posts a chart with an  incorrect premise, do not scold, demean or otherwise. Share your  thoughts. I am more than certain that I will post charts with an  incorrect premise; I am NOT the expert, and I would thank you for  correcting me. We are all equal in here, share what you see and why you  think you see it. Post your charts! We will use an established  set of indicators, which will never change. Why? Because our premise is  based off the Chaos Theory (human greed and emotion); because of that,  this style of trading will never be “conspira-sized” stop hunted or otherwise. We  are not smart enough to change it, but we damn sure can use it! Do  not PM me to speak of starting a separate website or selling services. I  am not interested; I make a very comfortable living trading from home. I  am here to help. I am not here to rob hopes and steal dreams. No assumptions or presumptions of what you think you know. If you know it all, why are you here? NEW RULE: If a premise posted conflicts with your train of thought; PM that person and discuss it there, get clarification and then post your collective reasoning

--- 帖子 #390 ---
My apologies once more 9er I will not post anymore and watch from the sidelines. I did not intend to disrupt your tread. If there is interest perhaps I'll start a harmonic thread. Just not encouraged to do so at this point. Thanks for allowing me to contribute I at least hope I was more helpfulness than hurtful

Cheers

Mr. Pip

--- 帖子 #391 ---
Daily: You can see from the attached chart that we are in a strong uptrend. I am still of the mindset that the current path is the formation of the X to A leg.

The daily TF is trading right up the middle of this channel. Yesterday's candle closed right at upper trend line and the RSI is 69.03

Believe we may have a bearish day today based of that premise, or as I said yesterday bullish to start, bearish to end

--- 帖子 #392 ---
Sending you a PM

--- 帖子 #393 ---
The 4H chart like the daily is trading right up the middle of the channel. Price is currently sitting on the daily pivot.  A few candles back you can see where the RSI spiked to 71.43.

Again - believe we may see a push up to start the day and bearish to finish. Before we can consider a reversal, we need an indication of a reversal, currently on the 4H that does not exist.

--- 帖子 #394 ---
Well I take that back. Upon further review of the 4H chart. I painted what I presume to be the completion of an ABCD pattern. Will this be strong enough for a reversal? Not sure, but it may be enough to move us to the lower trend line and sufficient "area" to introduce a bearish outlook.

I drew Fibo's to show a few key points. Strong trends tend to only retrace to the 38.2 level. I measured A to B and the retrace area is 38.2. I measured B to C and again properties of the ABCD states that D usually completes between the 127 and 161 fibo areas.

We may see a push to 1.3090 (Psycho level) and then a push down

--- 帖子 #395 ---
Green pips from Sydney session, trading AUDUSD....Thank you 9er

--- 帖子 #396 ---
9'er:  Let me know if this Weekly I marked up is in line with the program.  Although its a really long term chart, would it affect our bias on this pair? Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #397 ---
Glad to see it!

--- 帖子 #398 ---
You can see on the 1H chart the completion of an ABCD. Price acknowledges and moves sideways and slightly downwards to the lower trend line and daily pivot.

Notice also the RSI has dropped below 60 and at the completion of the ABCD even swooped in on the 50.

So on the 1H until we get an indiction of bearish (at least until the 1.3090 level) we are cautiously bullish.

I have set a buy stop (to test the premise I posted yesterday) at 30576. My stop area will be the low of the candle that pushed off the lower TL

--- 帖子 #399 ---
Hi, Can you please show point X here. I am just learning about these patterns. Thanks

--- 帖子 #400 ---
Perfectly inline. The only aspect that effects our Bias at the moment is that price has breached the upper Trend line on the weekly chart. My speculation is price may continue to push upwards as the RSI swooped below 50 a few weeks back and is currently pointing northeast!

until an upward channel gets broken to the down side we are cautiously bullish. The reason I say cautiously is if you refer t the 1H chart price is making a 4th stab at the lower TL.

In this up channel that is the first time this has occured

--- 帖子 #401 ---
On the 1H?

--- 帖子 #402 ---
hi ...

is that ...what u gonna explain ?

--- 帖子 #403 ---
Yes - as it occurs. nice mock up by the way!

--- 帖子 #404 ---
thanks mate. this what i see for mid/longterm . can i have your opinion on that ?

( only AO, fibo and manual drawing )

--- 帖子 #405 ---
On the 1hr and 4hr. I dont see the X on both.

--- 帖子 #406 ---
9er',

I too have the same ABCD completion on the 4 hr chart. MY question is ( even if it not a valid completion ), what is the normal retracement after such a completion if any? Do you draw fibs from CD leg or any other fib, or is the retracement random at this stage?

Another question. On the template you provided I have the IBFX Daily Pivots on the right top of screen. As I don't trade with this broker, the pivots are locked at the same value as when downloaded. I have tried to remove them but they do not show up in the indicators box when I open it. Can you or anybody else tell me how to remove it?

--- 帖子 #407 ---
Right click on the chart, select Objects List, then delete all label with name IBF-DailyPivots. See in the attachment

--- 帖子 #408 ---
I'm sorry I don't speculate over the long term. I am intra-day and how it effects my trading right now

--- 帖子 #409 ---
NuNix,

Thankyou, pivots removed.

gregben

--- 帖子 #410 ---
aniway in m15 there is premature abcd with 1.414 ratio at the moment
http://www.forexfactory.com/attachme...4&d=1354597660

--- 帖子 #411 ---
Starry, and all new members in fact, look to the top of this page, on the right, see where the Reply button is?

Click on the Paperclip icon, a window will open, click Hide Images, there you will find all documents posted within this thread.

Click to download what interests you for you will find your answer within them

Good luck, E.

respect to 9er

--- 帖子 #412 ---
Folks I apologize for my absenteeism today. have some matters I am tending to. Wanted to post the progress of the premise I posted yesterday.

Notice from the charts the progression from the lower trend line (which corresponded with Pivot). The last chart shows where I have 5 pips locked in.

I am currently "hawking" the 3090 area for a possible reversal.

I am going to be away for about an hour. When I return I will tend to your questions.

Pretty cool stuff though right?

--- 帖子 #413 ---
The price kiss my SL at +5

--- 帖子 #414 ---
Moved your SL to lock in pips? Very nice! Good job

--- 帖子 #415 ---
I would like to point out an observation I just made. Notice on the attached chart that price has moved to and is currently favoring the lower trend line. Notice also if you will the AO's momentum is slowing to the downside. Again until there is a break out of the lower TL we are cautiously bullish

When you take a trade from a higher TF and you have locked in profit, drill to the lower TF's to get a better picture of the "underlying chaos". If the lower TF's paint a signal or gives a reversal indicating that your locked profit might be taken out - make the decision, but probably better to just close the trade outright - just my opinion

--- 帖子 #416 ---
Which is what I did when the 5M painted a goofy looking ABCD

--- 帖子 #417 ---
Watch for the reaction off the 200 from the 5M

--- 帖子 #418 ---
30M painting a bearish engulfing at the 15 minute mark of it's candle?

--- 帖子 #419 ---
Thank you 9er

--- 帖子 #420 ---
Are we trying to break the trend? 8th consecutive candle to test it

--- 帖子 #421 ---
Bearish engulfing from 30M nullified

--- 帖子 #422 ---
Gonna grab a bite to eat - have set a buy stop (30785) +5 pips TP and SL (3055)

Still watching for 3090 area

--- 帖子 #423 ---
Buy stop triggered - a push off the TL and momentum continuing to slow

--- 帖子 #424 ---
9er

In the chart is the green ABCD a valid setup. C is only a 50% retracement but D is 127% extension of AB and 161.8% (very close ) of BC.

gregben

--- 帖子 #425 ---
Very good observation. I am looking for a gracious exit on my 1H trigger - still contemplating the lower TL but I will let it play out for now

--- 帖子 #426 ---
How I see it - but the end result is the same - it's "D" no matter how you paint it. Good to see that you are looking for the patterns though!

--- 帖子 #427 ---
4H: truly wish a reversal would paint - not sure exactly how much higher this can go?

--- 帖子 #428 ---
yap... too far ( imho )

this what i see in 4H

--- 帖子 #429 ---
5M pushes off 200 coinciding exactly with the lower trend line on the 1H

--- 帖子 #430 ---
That would be a very nice move!

--- 帖子 #431 ---
Love how you show that divergence by the way. I like your charts - simple and clean

--- 帖子 #432 ---
This is a very disciplined channel. Love how the higher lows are respecting the trend line

--- 帖子 #433 ---
TP taken out +5; was a good thing because I went in rather large! Can breath now! Met my quota +18 for the day, now I wait for the reversal as we are 6 pips from 3090

--- 帖子 #434 ---
Something is going to give. The current move is at 190.2 of the B to C leg. AO is decreasing - eventually price is going to have to respect the divergence

--- 帖子 #435 ---
Another good read in light of the last few doji's that have appeared

--- 帖子 #436 ---
Hello 9er and thank you for his educations.

You have proposed an operation of:

buy 1,3078 tp 1,3083 stop 1,3055

This means a tp of + 5 pips and a stop sign of-23 pips.

The ratio risk / benefit is of 4,6/1

If the operation goes out badly we will need almost 5 good operations to compensate the losses. I do not understand the operation. Can you indicate me if there is a mistake?

Regards

--- 帖子 #437 ---
No sir there is no mistake.

--- 帖子 #438 ---
Just back to the chart and i missed 1 setup long trade on 5m...whoosh

--- 帖子 #439 ---
Double top on the 1H and slowly inching into a confluence with the inner trend line. A break is coming.

--- 帖子 #440 ---
Yeah the bounce off the 200? that was nice

--- 帖子 #441 ---
can somebody put here the daily pivots indicator please

thanks

--- 帖子 #442 ---
I am sorry but my Daily pivots won't help you. They come by default with IBFX MT4. You can use any pivot indicator, do a search in the FF forums you'll probably have 100 to choose from

--- 帖子 #443 ---
Amazingly a new high was just made and a touch of the 3090 area (3093 to be exact). This was my target area for reversal. Let's see how weird it continues to act!

--- 帖子 #444 ---
thanks

--- 帖子 #445 ---
Also just touched R1 (3095)

--- 帖子 #446 ---
Here you go buddy !

--- 帖子 #447 ---
I'm no expert here but I thought I read somoeone else trying to use IBFX daily pivots and they didn't work on his MT4 because IBFX was not his broker?

--- 帖子 #448 ---
I've used them on many brokers with no problems.

--- 帖子 #449 ---
Nice little ABCD on the 5M

--- 帖子 #450 ---
Heading out for a haircut

--- 帖子 #451 ---
Thanks. Ive read the documents! Good stuff.

--- 帖子 #452 ---
ok good to go

--- 帖子 #453 ---
Done for today. Last trade is poor trade...anyway green pips today . See you tomorrow.

--- 帖子 #454 ---
Nice results seems you can handle the system quite good

you trade on the 1H time frame or lower?

--- 帖子 #455 ---
very nice trade. hope you can share with us how you trade using this system, so we can learn together

--- 帖子 #456 ---
HI Geo

Thank you very much

--- 帖子 #457 ---
Hello 9er.  Thanks for the thread.  It has set me on a new course.  Stumbled onto it on a bored Saturday.  I am giving it a shot trading 1 minute charts.  So far it has been very good on demo and I am enjoying the learning curve.  I would post a chart but they are covered with other things that help me out.  I am sure I will have some questions later on.  Thanks again for this thread.  mdavem.

--- 帖子 #458 ---
I trade on 4H, 1H, 30M, 15M and 5M.

--- 帖子 #459 ---
of course mate, we can learn together here with the lesson by 9er.

I learned in every post made by 9er, and never continue my reading to the next post until i confirm that i have understand the lesson.

--- 帖子 #460 ---
a bearish butterfly pattern has just shown up in M5 chart

--- 帖子 #461 ---
Bullish momentum looks to be continuing. Trying to look for bearish signal on 1.317x and bullish signal on deep on lower TF.

--- 帖子 #462 ---
nice share, nunix. this really help us to learn this system

--- 帖子 #463 ---
Love those results! It appears that the light has come on for you?

--- 帖子 #464 ---
Sorry for my late start. My mom (god bless her) has a way of tearing a PC to shreds. Had to log into her computer and get her back up and running. It's amazing the damage she can reap unto a PC!

--- 帖子 #465 ---
Daily: Up, up and away.... this is definitely the X to A leg. In the last 19 days there have been 17 bullishly closed candles and 2 bearish. The Bulls are definitely in charge.

Question of the day and my continued astonishment: How much higher will it go?

Bias: Gonna buck the trend and say BULLISH! Maybe the markets persistance to prove me wrong will turn it around?  Honestly though, no clue for now

--- 帖子 #466 ---
there is a resistance here. but it's interesting to see how PA move

--- 帖子 #467 ---
4H I am sure you don't need a magnifying glass to see the ABCD pattern. Price is at 1.31139 apparently not having any trouble at all with the 1.31 psycho level (at least for now).

The thing with the AO and divergence, with the AO, divergence is only valid if the AO does NOT cross the zero line between peaks and valleys. Notice on your charts, it did swoop in on the zero line, but never crossed it. Making your first "peak" at the high as I painted it on the attached chart.

That being said, since the AO painted that low, it to has been on a steady incline, making easier for me to swallow that price has been ignoring the divergence for a week now

The RSI is at 75 indicating a SEVERELY overbought pair

Bias: Although the price has pireced the 1.31, look for a retrace below it, overbought is overbought: Bearish

--- 帖子 #468 ---
1H: Again - up up and away. The AO is catching up on this TF also, but I cannot ignore the fact that the RSI is 72.

If you are curious about my sell stop, I am trailing a sell stop, up the lower side of the lower trend line. I use the current active candle, determine the price of the trend line as it corresponds to the active candle and place my sell stop 3 pips below that trend line at the active candle.

I've been doing this for 2 days now - still anticipating a break to the down side.

This is a risky sell stop, so take my lead with caution.

Bias: unknown

--- 帖子 #469 ---
Good observation. Not quite a double top just yet, but maybe a target area to consider for reversal. Remaining cautious

--- 帖子 #470 ---
Not confidence with this call because it's 5M TF and 69% trader are short

--- 帖子 #471 ---
Looks like it might have triggered in! Good job moving to the lower TF to scalp as it is obvious that higher TF's are tough

Thanks for posting this setup - you are the first to do this! Confidence growing a bit is it?

--- 帖子 #472 ---
15M showing signs of divergence

--- 帖子 #473 ---
Set SL at BE

--- 帖子 #474 ---
And as has been the norm. Divergence ignored.

--- 帖子 #475 ---
good trade, mate. it should already in profit now. how is your strategy to exit this trade?

--- 帖子 #476 ---
Question for 9er. (my english is bad) Perhaps this is stupid.

I think that you've mentioned the book Trading Dimensions - Bill Williams. By the way is very interesting.

Reading the book, I get the impression that the missing pictures in it. I think in a certain chapter. For example: THE ALLIGATOR ON THE PRICE CHART Figure 3-5 is the same chart as Figure 3-3 ........ but the picture is missing.

Perhaps the PDF version of the book, which I downloaded from the internet, is not original.

--- 帖子 #477 ---
Wow, 9er. Sure looks like you made a profit if your still in the euro as its well past 31 now. Questions:

1-Do we always have to use a channel? (it seems very subjective.)

2-If this site ever went down or this thread got deleted how can we download the YUP indicators to draw the patterns?

3-I notice that when price breaks out of the 3 alligator bands when they are all together and ready to break out as well, it seems you can always go with the alligator and price action at that point and almost always you win. Is it true that you can make up a system just with that alligator?

--- 帖子 #478 ---
seems the free version of this book have no picture in it. i have the same version as yours. seems we have to buy to get the full version of this book.

--- 帖子 #479 ---
I still confuse how to exit my trade, but i try this strategy :

first when price close over 127 Fib i move SL to BE, if price close over 161.8 fib i move SL to +5. If my SL still not touch, i will watch for weakness signal.

--- 帖子 #480 ---
Thanks for sharing IZI!!!!

--- 帖子 #481 ---
4H Couple of target areas for resistance are noted on the attached chart

1. 1.31385 High from Oct 17 (stiking here represents double/triple? top)

2. 1.31709 High from Sep 17th (Again another double top)

--- 帖子 #482 ---
and yes my SL has been kissed. Maybe i should close the trade when i see that....

--- 帖子 #483 ---
No problem. Everything will be clear if you read the 6 page "Grounded VERSUS UNGROUNDED assessment" similar stuff mentioned Mark Douglas - Trading In The Zone. Try to realize, and you will see your way. Everything else is a subjective opinion.

--- 帖子 #484 ---
Excellent progressive sampling there Nunix thank you for sharing! If it were me though I might have taken the profit.

Word of advice if your broker is 5 digit, when you move your SL to BE move it there plus or minus that 5th digit.

Example: Trigger price long: 1.31121

Break Even: 1.31122 - your efforts should always amount to SOMETHING even if it is just .01 pips!

Make sense?

--- 帖子 #485 ---
thanks for wanting to help.

am just starting to learn as u have said earlier after 10yrs you are still learning

am in my first few weeks in Forex trading and i will like to be up to a good start so am willing to learn

will like to know how to really go about Forex trading from the basics to complex levels and make gain with minimum loss

i really need a teacher with your kind of expirience.

thanks, please reply.

--- 帖子 #486 ---
Keep your eye on the 5M. As it approaches the 200 (and subsequently corresponds with 1H lower trendline), this may be an opportunity for some scalping. Would LOVE to see both levels (on the 5M) broken through!

--- 帖子 #487 ---
I have called the trade, too early right?

--- 帖子 #488 ---
Yes. If you use the first fractal outside the mouth as a premise your sell stop should be at the low of the candle that corresponds to the fractal (minus 3 pips)

But you might get lucky

--- 帖子 #489 ---
Also you went short (market order I assume) against all the indicators. Triple bottom, AO slowing (moving up). I must admit though I like your vision - I completely missed that triple bottom until you posted your chart! Thank you

--- 帖子 #490 ---
I am going to walk away from my PC, just set SL to BE. See you again in the New York session

--- 帖子 #491 ---
what is the reason you enter this trade?

--- 帖子 #492 ---
News release caused the break!

--- 帖子 #493 ---
9er can you explain why you put buy limit and sell stop at that level in your chart?

--- 帖子 #494 ---
what i see there was a kind of bearish butterfly before. market dropped and broke support ( B point of prev butterfly ). market tried to retest the prev support but it seems failed. support become resistance ( red line ) ?

--- 帖子 #495 ---
I posted the earlier chart in such a haste I didn't notice that my sell stop was in place. I was just triggered in on that sell stop.

Quandry: are the bulls finished? Is this a result of emotion from the news release? I paid no attention to the fact that I set a sell stop 3 pips above the daily pivot. A bounce off this area will be a painful loss.

--- 帖子 #496 ---
Very interesting that price broke through on the 200 AND the lower trend line

--- 帖子 #497 ---
Would love to see a retrace to the 23.6 or 38.2 level only! Any higher might indicate that the bulls are plenty alive! Notice the RSI?

--- 帖子 #498 ---
If there is room to fall here, drill up to the 15M and watch the 200 from there. If it pushes through the 200 on the 30M believe this will open bearish outlook for the rest of the dayh

--- 帖子 #499 ---
is it means that if the price retrace above 38.2 level, you will close your position in loss?

--- 帖子 #500 ---
No it means if it retraces to the 38.2 and turns down it opens up for further bearish implications in that time frame. Now that we cleared an obstacle on the 5M (the 200 SMA) for the time being, go to the next higher time frame and look for obstacles there (which again is the 200)

If we clear the 200 on the 15M, drill to the 30M and notice there again is the 200, same scenerios for the 1H, 4H and Daily

--- 帖子 #501 ---
I've placed an add on sell stop 3 pips below the daily pivot

--- 帖子 #502 ---
Mr. Pip - that "V" is coming brother!

--- 帖子 #503 ---
Cancelled my add on sell stop as it was only 3 pips above the 200 on the 15TF

--- 帖子 #504 ---
And another retrace to the 23.6 on the 5M

--- 帖子 #505 ---
Reading through all the overnight post good stuff.

--- 帖子 #506 ---
Just got taken out at +10 pips. next obstacle is the 200 on the 15M

--- 帖子 #507 ---
A few traders really steppin it up in here! I'm lovin the progress!

--- 帖子 #508 ---
Hello All!

Again too early to close the trade. I still don't know how to manage my trade, anyone can give the advice on how to mange the exit?

--- 帖子 #509 ---
NuNix - have a number in your head that you are willing to "keep" in the bank. For me it is 10 pips. If a move allows you to lock in 10 pips, then move your stop to lock in 10 pips without closing the trade.

As the move progresses, your +10 pip stop will be taken out or the move continues in your favor.

This is the key to staying in the trade.

If you take the trade from the 5M as an example and the move allowed you lock in +10 pips, drill up to the 1H and watch the RSI. Has it dropped below 50? or 40? If so, then slowly drop your stop with the PA on the higher time frame.

Last week I had 1 trade open for 3 days, I paid a huge swap fee but in light of the 217 pips that I took, the "swap was well worth the bite"

Make sense?

--- 帖子 #510 ---
RSI dropped below 50 and is touching 40. A dip to the 30 introduces bearish outlook

--- 帖子 #511 ---
Now let's see if the 15M fllows the 5M lead on the retrace level. The 5M retraced to the 23.6 twice

--- 帖子 #512 ---
ADP Non-Farm Employment Change US in 36 minutes

--- 帖子 #513 ---
Got it , thanks a lot 9er. I always love your post.

--- 帖子 #514 ---
Glad to help! Good to see you grasping the "style" gotta say I am having a bit of a proud moment! Glad I am getting through on some level!

--- 帖子 #515 ---
to the 23.6 just shy of the 200

--- 帖子 #516 ---
As the 5M did, retraced to 23.6, went down hit pivot  retraced to 23.6 again. here the 15M retraced to 23.6, hit S1 and is bouncing back up. Any takers to which level it should retrace to?

--- 帖子 #517 ---
ADP was negative for US data - very little impact on PA at the moment. Two additional news releases in 2 min

--- 帖子 #518 ---
No effect - Bonus!

--- 帖子 #519 ---
Call the last trade for today

--- 帖子 #520 ---
did you guys still hold sell position? the price already broke 23.6 fibo and h1 forming a bullish engulfing pattern.

--- 帖子 #521 ---
h1 completed already ? or about 15 minutes still to go and news ?

--- 帖子 #522 ---
it has not completed. still 15 minutes to go.

--- 帖子 #523 ---
Bullish engulfing? Then or now? The news in 9 minutes is a significant release.

--- 帖子 #524 ---
if she is going UP, it could be looking C from B ?

--- 帖子 #525 ---
Might be a bit premature to say this, but believe what we'll see is a retrace on the 1H (pending news) to the alligator. The current low (or the S1 level, will turn to first down fractal out of the mouth calling for a sell stop 3 pips below the S1.

--- 帖子 #526 ---
Notice that first down fractal outside the mouth?

--- 帖子 #527 ---
Need everyone to remember back to when we first started this thread. The RSI has crossed below 50, so we are anticipating bearish outlook. The fact that the candles paint a bullish pattern does not in and of itself indicate a reversal. The reversal is not confirmed until RSI crosses back above the 50 level.

Until that happens, please allow the market some room to breath, form it's patterns. it will tell you when it is ready

--- 帖子 #528 ---
very good lesson, 9er. i learned a lot today.

--- 帖子 #529 ---
Anytime my man

--- 帖子 #530 ---
161.8% me thinks

--- 帖子 #531 ---
now looking for D from C ( if she break B ) to form bullish ab=cd  ? but if she did not break it ( prev B ) ....could be she is going to another new bearish ab=cd where we;re in potential another new A  or new B ?

--- 帖子 #532 ---
Looks like we may get a 3 wave correction on the EUR. Does this quality as an ABDC correction as it has retraced 50%.

--- 帖子 #533 ---
Daily timeframe. Looking for strength on 1.302x

--- 帖子 #534 ---
spot on ...

--- 帖子 #535 ---
H4 : heading to uptrend support

--- 帖子 #536 ---
Actually it pierced 23.6 and touched 50 then returned the call to the gartley!

--- 帖子 #537 ---
Ozzie - love the chart and the premise! Very well spoken. Did you look to the 30M 200 approaching

--- 帖子 #538 ---
Nunix - keep in mind that the AO does lag just a bit. But your approach is spot on

--- 帖子 #539 ---
I am going to buck the trend and start today at the 30M. Remember yesterday we needed to clear the obstacles from the 5M, 15M? The 200 was cleared at both TF's. I personally had a very nice day yesterday. But now we get to brass tacks. The 30M is currently sitting on the 200 (which is why I start here today).

The fact that Gartley painted a bullish butterfly that coincides with the 200 is pretty hard to ignore. The AO is decreasing (downward momentum slowing) the RSI swooped in on 30.

Four reasons to go long? Yes it is, but not me. These are all valid reasons to think this is a reversal. I will wait for the RSI to signal reversal.

Remember what I said before about the first down fractal out of the mouth being the most powerful signal? The second most powerful is a down fractal after "touching" or retracing to the mouth.

I have set a sell stop 3 pips below the down fractal that is below the 200.

But why would you set a sell stop when all indications are long?

Because my GUESS is that we are in a reversal swing. We need the market to breath. Bounces from moving averages happen all the time. Breaks are not quite as frequent.

The fractal below the 200 is significant because it is far enough away from the 200 to avoid a potential false breakout. You have 2 indications in your corner that this is a safe bet. The first is when a break occurs, it is usually pretty swift. This particular break, for me just so happens to be a down fractal. Telling me that if a break does occur, the down fractal gives me hope that it won't be a false break in this TF and potentially a journey to complete a C to D leg

--- 帖子 #540 ---
I am off to my coffee and a shower. Be back in about an hour or so. I will post my D,4H and 1H charts then. Also one last thing, the bullish butterfly on the 30M is pretty weak

--- 帖子 #541 ---
This looks like we're in a 5 wave up sequence with a corrective wave happening now (ABCD). If you go short just be careful to bank some profits to cover your open positions. I'm still looking for another wave up to start somewhere in the support area. Just my opinion and I could be be wrong. Also you can see we were divergent all along the last up wave inn both price and the AO and now price has started down and the AO has pulled back below the zero line.

--- 帖子 #542 ---
Couldn't concur more. The first goal is to lock in pips when a trade triggers. The premise of my 30M sell is just that, from the 30M. As with the 5M and 15M the 30M needs to clear the same obstacle. If in fact it does, this leads directly into your premise as the next obstacle to clear is the 1H 200 - which is a bit stronger than the lower TF's. I would expect a bounce on the 1H 200.

I love your perspective Ozzie. Feel free to elaborate on your counts of the waves. Good stuff

--- 帖子 #543 ---
any1 interesed in other pair ? or just eu here ?

--- 帖子 #544 ---
selain eurusd, ane juga trading audusd gan. "paris van java" bandung nya?

--- 帖子 #545 ---
From the broader perspective the Daily. Regardless of the breakout witnessed yesterday the daily is in a very strong uptrend. Yesterday's high fell short of a double top formation at 31255 (double top at 31385) keeping inline with the falling (slightly downward almost sideways upper trend line).

Today's candle will either confirm yesterday's fall or prove to be as much of an anomoly as the other two bearish candles in this uptrend. The 23.6 fibo is close, a bounce from this level confirms the strength of the uptrend and bulls remaining in charge (this may coincide with the 1H 200?). If 23.6 is broken, it opens to the 38.2 (29467) again a bounce would signify the Bulls presence.

In summary, the bears have a long way to go to prove they can take over.

Bias: Slightly bearish to unknown

--- 帖子 #546 ---
Any pair you wish. My preference is the EU. Feel free to post any pair as long as we speak the same language!

--- 帖子 #547 ---
4H: Currently sitting on S1, 23.6 fibo punched, just below the 38.2 is the S2. Price is also directly inside the mouth of the alligator. The divergence was finally respected with the AO. Upward momentum is declining and the RSI has touched the 50. To remain with a bearish outlook I would need to see the RSI push through the 50 and break below 40 on the subsequent candle.

This is creating doubt in my mind that 30M sell stop might be premature, the 30M is still riding that 200 the AO and RSI indicate a potential bounce here. Will keep sell stop in place for now as I believe it may be safe where it is. If a bounce does occur on the 30M I will try to be there to catch it.

Bias 4H: Slightly bearish but need this TF to progress a bit more

--- 帖子 #548 ---
thanks mate ... just need a confirmation first

this what i see in kiwi at the moment

--- 帖子 #549 ---
Nunix said... she/he trade aussie also... and asked paris van java is in bandung ?

me : yes...my friend. me too, here is my aussie

--- 帖子 #550 ---
am keeping it in my mind . still in planning frame

--- 帖子 #551 ---
The 1H - Does anyone see the cute little ABCD sub-wave? This is interesting because price is sitting on S1, which coincides with the 50.0 fibo of the C to D leg, the AO does not agree as it along with price are declining. RSI swooped in 30 and has been below 40 for a few hours now.

This time frame is FULL of drama

I don't like where the latest down fractal painted on the 1H. After touching the mouth I like the down franctal to paint within 2 to 3 candles from where it touches the mouth (see the one before it? If I were awake I would have been all over that baby!)

Another conflicting story is the alligator mouth. It is wide open indicating it's need to continue feeding (as price reverses, think of the mouth of the alligator as it reverses as the mouth closing to swallow the bear pips and turning to consume some bull pip cheerios). Right now the mouth is WIDE open.

Price is approachig the mouth as I type this, which I like because if it approaches the mouth then bounces off it, look for the down trend to continue at least to the 200 on this TF.

Bias: sideways need further development. Still comfortable with my sell stop placement though!

--- 帖子 #552 ---
Thanks for clarifying what Nunix said. I apologize for using the word language. What I meant by saying using the "same language" was speaking the same in terms of "style" as it applies to other pairs. Use the same "style" of trading. If you are comfortable speaking your language between each other, please feel free.

--- 帖子 #553 ---
Snapshot 30M. UK is still 2.5 hours from open. As I said previously low volume has a way of killing the most perfect setups.

As price moves sideways and rides the 200 upwards it pulls price farther away from my sell stop, leaving room from a break below the 200 (in this TF) to my sell stop (getting uncomfortable).

lets see what the convergence of the 200 and the alligator mouth do

--- 帖子 #554 ---
niner,on the 4hr eur/usd, why do i see this looking just like a pullback waiting for another upward thrust with AO above zero and RSI above 50?

Also, what happens when things set up to our liking, but RSI is going opposite. Does RSI always have to be confirming the trade or can we not use it at times?

thanks,

Silat50

--- 帖子 #555 ---
just to breakdown into m15 and "playing with golden moving average - the 200 ". i just overlay ema 200 m5 on m15. so the red line is ema 200 m5 and the yellow one is ema 200 m15 ( we have 2 moving averages from different time frame in the same window ) . they are crossing already

shortly : if she goes UP...to retest prev support ?

--- 帖子 #556 ---
Sure we can not use it at times. However, as I said previously I need to see some progression through the 4H chart. An argument can be made for pullback or reversal. In my experience until all time frames line up and all drop below the 200 there is always speculation that this is simply a pullback, false break etc.

For me the RSI is critical though. The only TF's where I might ignore the RSI are on the 5M and 15M. The higher the TF the stronger the indicator - at least from my humble perspective anyway.

--- 帖子 #557 ---
Can you elaborate on the crossing of the 200's? Not familiar with the EMA

--- 帖子 #558 ---
Two minutes left in this candle. A push through the 200 does not surprise me, but it occured in area that exposes my risk on the sell stop. Still cautious. I will delete previous sell stop and enter sell stop with lower risk potential

--- 帖子 #559 ---
5M double bottom off S1, would make me feel better to see a pull back here that translates to hitting the 200 on the 30M, to make me feel better about this sell stop.

--- 帖子 #560 ---
QUESTION FOR ALL NEWBIES ON THE THREAD:

There are so many indicators, patterns and new thought patterns being thrown at us very fast and yes, i do admit it can be overwhelming. I suppose its good that way in the beginning. But my question to all of you is: "What is the one thing that stands out to you when you look at your "new" charts the way 9er has us set them up. What do your eyes "LOCK ON" to to make you say "ahhh haaaa.  Im going long." Besides the fractal patterns... For me its the  the 3 alligator lines crossing each other at one time.

--- 帖子 #561 ---
the ema,i mean is exponential moving average mate... what u use in moving average 200 : exponential, simple, smoothed ?

--- 帖子 #562 ---
I instantly regretted this trigger as soon as it occurred. I set a stop loss which I anticipate getting taken out. There are trades that you have confidence in and those that you don't. This would be the latter for me. I hope I am wrong, but I am triggered in, so we let price do it's thing. Sit on hands until profit can be locked or stop taken out

--- 帖子 #563 ---
Thanks I actually know what an EMA is, I use Simple. What is the significance of the crossing?

--- 帖子 #564 ---
Silat thank you. For me my eye's don't lock on any one thing. This is what I meant earlier when I said this is a "style" rather than a system. Try to get out of the habit of locking in on any one aspect of the charts. Doing so may cause you to lose sight of something very critical. Broaden your view and let your eyes lock in on "What is". One time it might be the alligator, another it might be the AO or a reversal candle pattern or a collection of any combination of these.

make sense?

--- 帖子 #565 ---
ah i see what u mean

just try this...just a tricky not technique....

m5 = 5  minute

m15 = 15 minute

our main window is m15 with 200 ema ( as example )

so just make rough calculation like this :

(5/15) * 200 = 66.67... say 67

so just make another ema , ema 67 in main window ( m15 ). this ema 67 will act as ema 200 m5 on m15 window.

to check it :

open new window using m5 with ema 200 ... just compare it window m15 using ema 67. the value will be " equal ". if there is different 1-3 pips is ok .... coz we rounded it up from 66.67 to 67.

lower ema crossed higher ema... text book said trend change.

so all is about 200 ma in one window ( here, i use exponential )

hope it could answer yours...

--- 帖子 #566 ---
As I expected. Why do try to appeal to the forex's good nature?

--- 帖子 #567 ---
Very interesting - I'll check it

--- 帖子 #568 ---
the background is just to draw MA 200 from any time frame in ONE MAIN  window

--- 帖子 #569 ---
5an,

I love your charts. Is there anyway on MT4 that I can get 2 moving avgs from different time frames on one chart like you have? Meta quotes is probably not my thing.

--- 帖子 #570 ---
this is how : link

--- 帖子 #571 ---
the 15M is the last of the time frames to push through the 200. Gonna gauge current candle and contemplate entry long

--- 帖子 #572 ---
Set buy stop just over the daily pivot. Gonna take a break from these charts for a spell, eyes are going loopy

--- 帖子 #573 ---
That is quite a push off the 200 on the 15M. Couldn't help but be sucked into the 5M setup - was perfect went short currently at BE

--- 帖子 #574 ---
Need that 5.0 to be ignored and 200 broken (wishes, wishes!)

--- 帖子 #575 ---
Quite the inverted hammer there on the 15M. Closed short, recouped 3/4 of my loss. Now expecting 200 retest

--- 帖子 #576 ---
I see the signal  short @1.3075, currently +10

--- 帖子 #577 ---
Very nice! I took +12 and closed. Still -8 for the day

--- 帖子 #578 ---
still hold it and already move SL to BE. maybe the SL will be touch in the next 5 minutes when the news come

--- 帖子 #579 ---
News release had a bizzare effect on PA

--- 帖子 #580 ---
still trading inside the newly formed down channel

--- 帖子 #581 ---
Watch live  the ECB chief Draghi press conference, here :
http://www.ecb.int/press/tvservices/...121206.en.html

--- 帖子 #582 ---
Wow

--- 帖子 #583 ---
Moved stop to BE - really didn't anticipate that buy stop getting hit. Must be some kind of conference

--- 帖子 #584 ---
Some nice little whipsaw action going on. Just missed my BE by 1 pip. believe I'll sit on my hands for a spell if it takes me out

--- 帖子 #585 ---
Twice now missed BE by 1 pip (MOVE AWAY FROM THE BE!)

Upper trend line and daily pivot next?

--- 帖子 #586 ---
Having some trouble with that 200 are we?

--- 帖子 #587 ---
If the 200 on the 15M is broken - it's all over. But upper trend line on the 1H being respected so far

--- 帖子 #588 ---
15M 200 holds, 1H trend line holds. BE taken out, sell stop based from 15M bounce. So much fun! I need +18 to gain back my loss and get my daily goal!

--- 帖子 #589 ---
get ready in the next 8 minutes mate

--- 帖子 #590 ---
Damn got called away from computer and missed my chance to lock in BE ARRRRGGGGH!

--- 帖子 #591 ---
Euro weakness expected to extend into next year. will it drive the price to drive low?

--- 帖子 #592 ---
I think for today we rename the Bulls and the Bears to "Cats and Dogs"

--- 帖子 #593 ---
That along with positive US economic data. But I have learned that what you think news releases can do to the market, often times the opposite happens

--- 帖子 #594 ---
5M and 30M sitting squarely on their 200's

--- 帖子 #595 ---
5M 200 broken

--- 帖子 #596 ---
30 M right behind it (for now) Trade at BE

--- 帖子 #597 ---
Thank you news release for giving me back my loss from earlier! Now have made up for loss and daily goal locked in! Woohoo! Gonna sleep so good today!

--- 帖子 #598 ---
WOW from one trend line to the next! Jumping right on down to that 200. Be interesting to see if it breaks or holds - any takers?

--- 帖子 #599 ---
9er grateful.

still trying to understand the entries, but today and yesterday was great day with your system.

PS.: Sorry for the English.

--- 帖子 #600 ---
Good for you LOL

--- 帖子 #601 ---
I could NOT give back that profit (Woo!) Closed for a substantial profit! Not only did I make up for my loss, I met my goal for the next 3 days!!! Sahweet! Gonna volunteer to drive my daughter to school! Be back in 45 minutes!

--- 帖子 #602 ---
Hey I can't tell you how many times a news release has RUINED everything for me. It is rare that it goes in my favor like it did today! FINALLY feels good! made my day brother - I gotta tell you!

--- 帖子 #603 ---
caught entering the top of the wave BC.

Entries work this way?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #604 ---
Last post then i gotta run! Everyone screamin "Dad we're gonna be late" Check the lower TL and how price is respecting it!

--- 帖子 #605 ---
I believe it! News is a double edge sword LOL.

--- 帖子 #606 ---
It's my live account. I love to use big news into my trading, especially for chief Draghi

--- 帖子 #607 ---
Do we have the ABCD completion yet? Almost to the pip...just gotta wait and see now.

--- 帖子 #608 ---
Already close all the short for +102 , done for today.

--- 帖子 #609 ---
Carefull on shorts, protect profits. EU trying to find support at 38%. I favor the 50% from a harmonic point of view but, its got to break the 3020 area.

--- 帖子 #610 ---
Still hold the demo, and move SL to BE. Want to try to trailing the stop.

--- 帖子 #611 ---
this really need experience to do all your trade. a really good trade by you 9er. i still try to understand why you took every position you posted for today.

--- 帖子 #612 ---
I think not yet

--- 帖子 #613 ---
they think they can do anything.....they forgot about the investor.....

Merkel Signals Greek Write-Off Possible as Buyback Begins
Concerns Mount That Investors Might Balk at Debt Buyback in Greece

--- 帖子 #614 ---
9er - Thank you for sharing your trading style. This is a very interesting thread - and well managed I might say. I would like to contribute but need to read the thread, docs + books being referenced before doing so. Until then I will be visiting often. I hope you will stay active (running this thread) for a long time. Well done!

--- 帖子 #615 ---
what i learn from what 9er do today is he always put position (buy stop / sell stop) in certain distance below PA if PA try to test some resistance or above PA if PA try to test some support. The support can be MA 200, Pivot, Channel Trendline or Fibonachi Level.

Price already broke H1 MA 200. bearish is dominating. how low can it go?

--- 帖子 #616 ---
Draghi Exposes Demand for Rate Cut – EUR/USD Falls

--- 帖子 #617 ---
H4 : next support that potentially have chance to hold the bear

--- 帖子 #618 ---
The Progress : Price might be touch 1.292x or lower this week, then buying on deep looking for strength

--- 帖子 #619 ---
yes - well called

--- 帖子 #620 ---
Market is very quite at this time. Waiting for NFP, stay alerted

--- 帖子 #621 ---
I based most of my trades from the 15M and 30M yesterday. The last one I took was surmised from the 1H. The news release came out, I was watching the 200 from the 15M and also the upper trend line from the 1H.

When I made the post that both TF's held, I went to the 1H (even though the candle hadn't finished) and dropped a sell stop at it's current low (this turned out to be the candle that went from the top TL to the bottom, and really not an example of a good trade, but rather an example of news working in my favor. Call it lucky

Before the ECB conference and the US news, it appeared that the bulls had the bears in a sleeper choke and were putting them to sleep. I was actually getting ready to go long

I even posted one long trade that was taken out at BE.

No worries if you hang around here you'll start to get the hang of it

--- 帖子 #622 ---
The 1H. Notice on the attached chart the ABCD pattern. Notice that C to D is shorter in "distance" than the A to B leg. I personally think the C to D leg is not finished yet.

Although it might be safe to assume that price will be sideways for most of the day.

--- 帖子 #623 ---
the alligator has just ate a lot of food yesterday, so it's seems a bit full for now.

--- 帖子 #624 ---
Thank you. I do plan to be around so long as the contributions of everyone remain positive!

--- 帖子 #625 ---
Glad to help. Keep in mind though, this is not a system - it is a style and mindset! Appreciate the feedback!

--- 帖子 #626 ---
I have been waiting for this to happen. I was pleased when I opened this thread today and saw some very nice contributions from different traders. If we can all keep the same mindset, and trade this "style" of trading, we will ALL benefit from this thread. Thank you for your contributions

Please keep the contributions coming! On Tuesday the 11th of Dec I am embarking on my Family Christmas Vacation. I will pop in every now and then, but for the most part I won't be around. I would like to ask the following traders to help me keep this thread alive during my absence.

Mr. Pip (might be a good time to introduce PRZ?)

iqyu5an

NuNix

And any other trader that feels they have the pulse of this style of trading and the mindset inside this thread! I will be in and out today, at least until the NFP later on.

--- 帖子 #627 ---
Daily: Speculation is that we are still in an uptrend. In the aftermath of what was a series of devastating news releases for the EURO zone, price went to exactly the 38.2 Fib retrace (remember strong trending markets often retrace to the 38.2). Until NFP today, market will more than likely be very quiet and speculation on where this charts ends up is driven today, by the news. Trade cautiously

Bias: reserved, no speculation

--- 帖子 #628 ---
4H: Using the last C to D leg, I drew fibo and determined that price dropped to just shy of the 78.6. Will there be a pullback? Of that I am sure, however what we are looking at now, I surmise to be the A to B leg. If this premise is true then the next move on this TF will be bullish to the 38.2 to 50.0 we have ALL time frames 5M,15M,30M & 1H below the 200.

If price on the 4H moves to a key Fibo area (completing B to C) we can then expect a move to 2840 area and anticipation of the 200 SMA break (believe iqyu5an predicted this a few days ago!)

Again - speculation based and surmised prior to NFP today! We may well see price move back the other way!

--- 帖子 #629 ---
Vahn - my trade management style is what works for me. My formula has kept me out of many bad trades. I am glad you picked up on this as I rarely enter a trade at "market"

When a key area is targeted, whether it be the 200, a pivot, a candle or even a fractal, my entry is based on price "breaking" those key areas.

Many times what you will see is price "piercing" a key area and going opposite of your trade premise. With that I will share my premise and expound on why I never trade any pair with a 4 pip or higher spread.

My formula for entry: 1 pip plus or minus the spread

trigger area Long: Example, the high of the target indicator let's say candle is 1.28421 (my broker is 5 digit). I set a buy stop at that candles high, plus the spread, plus 1 pip, so my Buy stop will be: 1.28421 + 1 pip + spread (2 pips) = 1.28451 (IBFX spread for EU is 1.5 pips, I just round it up)

For a short: Example, the LOW of the target indicator (candle) is 1.28421 MINUS the spread minus 1 pip: 1.28421 - 1 pip - spread (2 pips) = 1.28391

I like low spread pairs because using this formula keeps your stop order tighter to the trigger or target area. Plus when my trade triggers I am only down 2 pips to start, a much more managable risk.

--- 帖子 #630 ---
Why do I only trade EU? I used to bounce ALL over the place. GBP, JPY, AUD and found myself losing pretty consistantly. My opinion is that "repetition" is the best teacher. If you look at only one pair over and over and over again for a few years, you slowly become accustomed to it's characteristics.

By trading one pair and sticking to ONE PAIR you WILL over time, become very fluid with it's characteristics. You will become an expert of that pair.

My recommendation to any trader (take if you want): choose a pair and trade only that pair for the rest of your trading life! You will get good at it, that much I can promise~

--- 帖子 #631 ---
Thanks niner.  Since I saw the RSI misused and made over complicated in so many other systems, I previously just threw it out. But now that you say its just about the first thing you look for I will use it as my compass and pass on trades where the RSI is not above 50. Simple enough! -)

--- 帖子 #632 ---
i try to put the sell stop when the bearish gartley appear at M5 chart, the result is awesome.

i also add sell stop below the fractal outside alligator mouth at H1.

--- 帖子 #633 ---
Agreed

--- 帖子 #634 ---
My bias is still short. This is based on my experienced. Almost of the time i'm wrong about this simple analysis

--- 帖子 #635 ---
I just wake up and open the chart.....wow you already start the move and catch a nice green pips

--- 帖子 #636 ---
i am still learning, bro. just learned from what 9er did in his trade in this thread. i still confuse about exit strategy. my position got hit. only +15 and +1 profit

bias in H4 has changed into bearish. next support is MA 200

--- 帖子 #637 ---
using weekly.... the pa is heading ( seems like ) to 266x-2700 with first pit stop around 2850 +/- 10 pip . maybe not today but just 1 cent in my side

--- 帖子 #638 ---
Are you remember this?

Now price has touched 1.292x and 50 on rsi. I start looking for a little pullback from here or better wait till the NFP news

--- 帖子 #639 ---
and smack down .

then break it ( closing price 2011 )  again and  keep below closing price 2011 in my side

--- 帖子 #640 ---
Is this the signal?

--- 帖子 #641 ---
what about higher tf say 4H...where is the 200 ? price just failed to back above the 200 in h1. next is the 200 of h4. imho

--- 帖子 #642 ---
Price is 40 pips higher than the 200 on 4H, and 80 pips below the 200 on 1H. I am still waiting.

--- 帖子 #643 ---
Guys,

A couple of you have been asking where to exit trades.

A rule I have been following is to target 127% of the AB leg and / or the 161.8% move of the BC leg.

See the attached chart of the 5 min and you will see it was a perfect place to exit. Many times you will see that both projections are close together, adding strength to the exit.

I used the same exit on the big move down yesterday, all done while I was sleeping. I did not capture all the move , but I was happy with 50 pips.

Also notice that the retracement ( A of the ZW ) is approx 61.8% as is retracement of the AB leg and so is the retracement of AB.

Unlike 9er who trades using pending orders, I enter the trade manually at the levels the moment I see hesitation keeping a fairly tight stop. There was nice pips to be made using 9er's pending order.

I have blown the chart up to make it easier to see.

gregben

--- 帖子 #644 ---
thanks for the sharing gregben. learning something again today

--- 帖子 #645 ---
Hey the fact that you are even trading today is a testament to your moxy!

--- 帖子 #646 ---
.

--- 帖子 #647 ---
Very nicely put Gregben. The underlying message being do what comes natural to you. Just because I trade one way does not mean you should mirror my entry and exit strategies: EXCEPT FOR REMOVING RISK! This should be every traders NUMBER 1 priority when a trade opens. Lock in profit or move to BE as soon as possible.

Very nice post my man

--- 帖子 #648 ---
4H getting ready to test the lower trend line

--- 帖子 #649 ---
9er,

Thanks. I have always endevoured to move the SL to BE as soon as possible, but sometimes I do it prematurely and get taken out only to see the trade move again in my direction. I then hesitate about re-entering and generally make poor decisions. Do your have a set number of pips you are in profit before going to BE? Of course it would vary with the timeframe you are using.

gregben

--- 帖子 #650 ---
Divergence.

Entered this trade as a specky purely based on divergence. See chart showing divergence on RSI ( over sold area ) and AO compared to price. Also price was at the Daily S1 level. I have 13 pips locked in and will continue to move stop iu under price. Have set target just under 200 SMA.

gregben

--- 帖子 #651 ---
It does vary by the TF but generally anywhere between 8 to 10 pips I move to BE plus or minus .01 pips (must always make SOMETHING, as this is a benefit of the 5 digit broker)

--- 帖子 #652 ---
Like this my friend? Move the SL to BE minus 0.01 pips

--- 帖子 #653 ---
Yes!

--- 帖子 #654 ---
Already close it for +10. Looks like the sideway movement till NFP

--- 帖子 #655 ---
You guys are braver than I am trading today. I haven't really even looked at charts today! Although I did meet my quota for today on yesterday's move!

--- 帖子 #656 ---
Nunix - you netted $961 on that demo account? Was that all from using this style of trading?

--- 帖子 #657 ---
Yes it was from your trading style. I start it from 3 December 2012. I also use it as my signal for my live trading, my live broker is 4 digit but the profit i got is same with the demo. So start from 03-Dec-12 I open 2 chart that is ibfx and the other one.

--- 帖子 #658 ---
Draghi's speech !

--- 帖子 #659 ---
I love it. I literally had no faith that introducing a style rather than a system would catch on. Really glad to hear about it! Keep it up

--- 帖子 #660 ---
Wow

--- 帖子 #661 ---
If NFP is positive in any regard for the US - watchout!

--- 帖子 #662 ---
The Stronger vs The Weaker

--- 帖子 #663 ---
I am out for the weekend! Everybody take care!

--- 帖子 #664 ---
where are we ? . it seems risk taker has come... next....  let price follower take their action....

risk taker/big dogs/market mover jumped at the level where most people think in another direction

price follower ...will come after

just like a common real business.....

--- 帖子 #665 ---
is that the 200 above the bat ?

if yes...based on my view ( but not exact )... if we're already below 200  ( off course depend of our tf ) and looking for bullish pattern : gartley/bat will give bad risk reward... better we're waiting for butterfly/crabs/shark. BUT IF we're already below 200 and looking for bearish pattern, gartley/bat will give good risk reward. here i write : risk reward ratio not bullish/bearish trend...coz bull and bear is our friend.

well just imho and have a great weekend to u all

--- 帖子 #666 ---
Greeting All

Price has broke the TL, but rebounce at 50% Fib.retracement and coincide with the strong support zone, it will through this zone soon. My bias is still short and the target is 1.280x at 78.6% Fib.retracement.

--- 帖子 #667 ---
Hi Nunix

Care to share where is the link to the stronger vs weaker currency meter?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #668 ---
ema 200 multiple time frame in main H4 window

***

watch kiwi and aussie to have some fun with them ...

--- 帖子 #669 ---
Hi Mate

It's CSM from well known Henry Liu, you can get it here www.currencystrengthmeter.com

--- 帖子 #670 ---
H & S?

--- 帖子 #671 ---
it could be. we have a strong support at 50% Fibo in Daily Chart and MA 200 in H4 Chart.

--- 帖子 #672 ---
http://www.clker.com/cliparts/d/c/0/...rdotcom-md.png
Daily

http://www.candlesticker.com/images/74FIG.gif

--- 帖子 #673 ---
Apologize for my delay. I will not be posting any charts today as I am prepping for our departure later on. As I discussed earlier, please continue to post in this forum. I will pop in and out over the next 3 weeks, but for the most part will not be trading.

"December Doldrums" December is a notoriously slow month for Forex. Trade cautiously, Merry Christams and Happy new Year!

--- 帖子 #674 ---
Enjoy your vacation 9er and happy new year

--- 帖子 #675 ---
there is a AO divergence in H1 chart

--- 帖子 #676 ---
Wanted to post this before closing for the day. The Daily and the 4H both represent the same implications. On the 4H, if the 200 and the low of the candle that closed bullish off the 200 is broken, this opens up a bearish outlook.

On the Daily, Friday's low matches the 200 on the 4H and also implies that if Friday's low is broken there will be short term bearish implication.

The quandry is that all the aforementioned time frames look bullish in nature (including the 1H) for now. Maybe with the low volume, sideways action will change the immediate bullish outlook to bearish? Ok - that's it for me! Have a great day!

I have a sell stop in at 28726. If it does not trigger before heading to the airport, I will cancel. If it does trigger, I will place stop loss level and when we get to Texas - hopefully I open my trade station to a nice little gift!

--- 帖子 #677 ---
my buy stop has been hit. target for 10 pips profit

--- 帖子 #678 ---
i just noticed there is a MA 200 resistance in M5 chart. this will be risky. i move my sl to BE + 0.1 pips

--- 帖子 #679 ---
decide to close. +4 pips only

--- 帖子 #680 ---
it's not easy to make best decision ...

--- 帖子 #681 ---
i didn't see the MA 200 when i entered the trade. if i saw it before, maybe i would not take the trade.

like what i expected, PA stop at MA 200, so i decided to close the position

--- 帖子 #682 ---
at the moment i just closed half of my position and reload the bullet to shoot bull's ass in ausie and kiwi ...

espesially for eu... it seems gonna try to break last week low first. let see how the effort result next ...

--- 帖子 #683 ---
for now EU still move in range between 1.2885 to 1.2914

--- 帖子 #684 ---
yes sir... around below 15 of weekly fib ( where ... 0 is low of last week and 100 is high of last week )

gu and euro : not sure 100 % but these pair seems gonna break last week low .

once low broken, GU promises to give us about 40-80 pip drop this week and euro promises to give us about 100 pip drop this week.

not a call, that's it for me only. always trust your own chart

--- 帖子 #685 ---
Could you share ema 200 multiple time frame indicator?

--- 帖子 #686 ---
that's standard mt4 indicator.. just make little tricky conversion

Example to show 200 ema tf m5 on tf m15 as main window

--- 帖子 #687 ---
Thanks, mate for your advice.

--- 帖子 #688 ---
the market is going nowhere. We need some news to push the price. It's held by H4's MA 200 (support) and M5 MA 200 (Resistance)

--- 帖子 #689 ---
yea dude... she keeps staying within the gap  . she is afraid of 3 black crow

--- 帖子 #690 ---
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz

--- 帖子 #691 ---
Also, 50% of the recent swing low to high

--- 帖子 #692 ---
seems we have to be patient today. better not to trade if we don't feel confident. i still wait how the market behave. maybe the price will go nowhere until us market open

--- 帖子 #693 ---
my buy stop got hit again. let see how the price move

--- 帖子 #694 ---
Sell stop at 2 pips below last 15M candle

--- 帖子 #695 ---
it stuck again. i close half of my position at +5 pips profit. move my sl to BE +0.1 pips

--- 帖子 #696 ---
my SL got hit. not an easy day to trade.

--- 帖子 #697 ---
Triggered

--- 帖子 #698 ---
is the red line your stop loss?

--- 帖子 #699 ---
No, it's R1 from Daily Pivot. I'm in front of my pc so i manage the trade without SL and TP.

--- 帖子 #700 ---
reentry buy position

--- 帖子 #701 ---
closed for +15 pips. i am done for today

--- 帖子 #702 ---
-30 now . Will close the trade soon if confirmed.

--- 帖子 #703 ---
RSI of H1 chart already above 50, means the bias change to slightly bullish. now the price is testing the MA 200 resistance in M15

--- 帖子 #704 ---
Good day sir

Congrat for this tread...

Could you confirm that you use this configuration for RSI.  It doesn't seem to be the same on your chart

Have a great day.

Martin

--- 帖子 #705 ---
Yes you right, but i see hidden selling there. I'll wait it for a minute.

--- 帖子 #706 ---
price already broke MA 200 resistance in M15. If this continue, then it could reach MA 200 in H1.

--- 帖子 #707 ---
is it normal you have 30 pips range for SL on m30?

--- 帖子 #708 ---
yes

--- 帖子 #709 ---
Hello all,

What is your bias for today? I'm still bearish

--- 帖子 #710 ---
Price stuck in this zone

--- 帖子 #711 ---
the bias still slightly bullish. H1 RSI is at 53. We need a break on M15 and M5 MA 200 before the bear come alive again

--- 帖子 #712 ---
i saw a bearish divergence. i still wait the PA to move below the MA 200, before i enter sell position

--- 帖子 #713 ---
got a real quick +5 pips in EUR/USD. waiting for retracement to re-enter buy position. PA will test R1 pivot line resistance

--- 帖子 #714 ---
just try to analyze what i learn from 9er.

Daily Chart - The PA bounce from exact level where the price bounce from 50% fibo at November 28th, 2012. RSI above 50.

Bias : Slightly Bullish, but RSI can anytime will break below 50.

--- 帖子 #715 ---
H4 - There is a strong support at MA 200. The price bounce twice from that level. I have no idea about where the market will go from this point. i hope 9er can enlighten us here

Bias : Unknown. RSI still below 50 indicate bearish, but the price already above MA 200.

--- 帖子 #716 ---
H1 - Bull take over again. And trade based on Fractals give you nice profit.

--- 帖子 #717 ---
Where are the traders???

--- 帖子 #718 ---
the thread starter is on vacation now. i also have been very busy today, so no time to post in this thread. today is a very bullish day. it can be seen from all timeframe. All RSI above 50. too bad, i only have opportunity to trade right before frankurt open. just got +6 pips for today.

--- 帖子 #719 ---
vahn, thank you for your info.

After abot two hour us open, i got 20 pips on my long postion eur/usd. Even i could get more, but i was not around my computer after i placed my postion for a couple of hous.

was not bad for me

--- 帖子 #720 ---
I scored a few pips last night following the same entries Vahn( at least I think I did lol) did on the 11th.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #721 ---
very nice trade for both of you. hope we can learn together about this trading style. like what 9er said. RSI like a crystal ball. combine it with fibonaci, harmonic pattern, MA 200, support & resistance line, chaos theory (5 dimensions) generate a high probability setup trade.

--- 帖子 #722 ---
Daily - RSI still arround 60 (not too overbought). PA up three in row last 3 days (three white soldiers). but don't be too greedy. there is always a probability of correction. We are heading to Resistance (the same location where the first fractal outside alligators located).

Bias : Bullish

--- 帖子 #723 ---
decide to take this trade. The price bounce twice from MA 200 in M5. And AO and RSI show a buy signal. if you notice a candle after the price bounce from MA 200 formed a bullish engulfing candle. So i enter this trade. hope this goes well

--- 帖子 #724 ---
Have we finished going up on the Eur and are we ready for a correction??? Be cautious with long positions.

--- 帖子 #725 ---
what the reason you said that we ready for a correction and be cautious with long positions? please explain the reason, so all of us can learn together. i still in my buy position and i already set my stop loss at +5 profit above BE. so it's nothing to lose

--- 帖子 #726 ---
i set my tp at +25 pips profit and move my sl to +10 profit (my daily target), because the price is approaching yesterday high.

--- 帖子 #727 ---
i have to go out for a while. decide to close my position for +20 pips profit. a good start for today

--- 帖子 #728 ---
with the RSI near the 60 and the support around the daily pivot, I think it would be worth putting a buy stop after the 1.309 fractal.  Will see how I go

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #729 ---
I agree. the stop run alone above 3100 should be enough for a few pips even without a sustained move

--- 帖子 #730 ---
Fed's Stimulus Plan make EUR/USD down 30 pips. let see how the price will go.

--- 帖子 #731 ---
ouch! that 30 pip drop knocked me out. Had my TP too high expecting a bigger move and got spanked for it

--- 帖子 #732 ---
yes. the news often mess everything. this is one of them. i still wait will the trend change because of this

--- 帖子 #733 ---
the bull really get stabbed by the bear. the price keep create a new low. total about 50 pips down since the last high. look for sell opportunity now

--- 帖子 #734 ---
Hi Vahn..

Was just asking the question if people felt we had gone up to a point where price might start to retrace.  I felt that we had moved up to a point where price was going to turn around soon...so my warning...be careful with long positions.

--- 帖子 #735 ---
so. it's only based on your feeling. then it's something we can't learn then. because every people have different feeling about the market.

--- 帖子 #736 ---
decide to do scalping. buy on eu. my target is +15 pips (resistance pivot line).

--- 帖子 #737 ---
ups. it's got taken. +15 pips profit for start. not bad

--- 帖子 #738 ---
Daily - The price will test the resistance line for the third time.

Bias : RSI at 64. Bullish.

Note : The price didn't stop at R1 Pivot Resistance level, the price move stronger than i expected.

--- 帖子 #739 ---
scored a couple of pips in this channel

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #740 ---
Ozzie, I love your charts. What kind of S/R lines are those on the chart. Very interesting! Where can I download or see them?

thanks.

--- 帖子 #741 ---
H1 - wait the price to break this trendline before take sell position

--- 帖子 #742 ---
buy on EUR/USD. it's quite risky because H1 AO show a bearish divergence. But i also see a bullish divergence in M5 and the price bounce twice from MA 200 in M15 and it refused to break daily pivot support line.

--- 帖子 #743 ---
the price struggle to climb. closed half of my position for +5 pips profit. move half of the rest stop loss to BE.

--- 帖子 #744 ---
closed half position for nothing (0). i estimated fast movement of the price. but the fact, it didn't move that way.

waiting for Core CPI m/m 2 hours again

--- 帖子 #745 ---
Sorry Vahn...

My comment was not based on my feelings. That was just a figure of speech. My comment was based upon the divergence I was seeing that signals a turn in momentum.

--- 帖子 #746 ---
Hi Silat..

Not sure what you mean by S/R lines. The purple lines are just horizontal lines from Mt4. The other lines are different MAs. Look up Raghee Horner and the 34 wave. She has lots of videos on her set up.

--- 帖子 #747 ---
Yes, the pictures are missing. Unfortunately I have never seen a version on the internet INCLUDING the pictures - aside from a russian version. But if you keep a printout of Alpari`s Profitunity pages - everything is clear.

--- 帖子 #748 ---
this is my 1st post here and 1st contact with this thread, which I'll study very well.

I have to say: Bill Williams methods are awesome, and I really like the way he describes the market dimensions. I really agree with him.

Plus.. I trade his methods partially, just the basic dimensions to understand which waves to trade and which not.

I'm studying better the other dimensions to make better trades and more profits, but the point 9er commented of exiting trades is very complicated.

Very very good thread, with very solidity principles. I will study in every detail.

Tkz 9er !!!

--- 帖子 #749 ---
agree with you. 9er trades is very complicated. i wonder when 9er come back from vacation. need to learn more about this trading style

--- 帖子 #750 ---
I can tell that this time of few posts has been positive. Remember that we have to read both Gartley Patterns and New Trading Dimensions. Everthing becomes more clear when we read them.

Also, as any other thread, we can take advantage of weekends to go behind and see how everthing went out.

It's so nice how 9er showed us his way to trade in days as Nov 29.

--- 帖子 #751 ---
We are starting a new week (Monday Dec 17, 2012). This is how the 1H chart is looking:

Attached are the 1H and 15M charts.

Clearly something interesting is happening on the 1H chart. Some B to C formation? RSI is over 70 and the market is trending up.

I have to study a lot yet, but it's nice when you can at least start observing what is going on with the indicators on hand.

--- 帖子 #752 ---
Good Morning Traders

This is my plan for the rest of the year based on daily timeframe. I'll be using 9er's system for entry on smaller timeframe.

Bias for today : Slightly bearish

--- 帖子 #753 ---
That's interesting, I can see that head with those shoulders. I agree, slightly bearish considering our daily pivots too.

--- 帖子 #754 ---
Price bounce on mouth and print an arrow. Set Sell Stop @Low-1pip

--- 帖子 #755 ---
it's mean that i am the only one who long here

--- 帖子 #756 ---
H4 : If X-A leg has completed, so i have my target for short position.

M15 : If my count on the wave was right, so i have my SL on this sell order

--- 帖子 #757 ---
move my sl to BE+1.

--- 帖子 #758 ---
closed @BE+1.

Looks like bulls defense strong on 1.3143 (it might become the low for today), for up move price need to break 1.3164.

Wait for this S/R to broken, then enter on the pullback.

--- 帖子 #759 ---
i enter buy position again in EUR/USD. hope this will be good

--- 帖子 #760 ---
the reason why i take this trade is the trend is bullish. H1 RSI around 60 (not overbought). M15 AO show a bullish divergence. still +7 pips.

--- 帖子 #761 ---
Looks good mate , but too aggressive for me. I'm more conservative when taking the order

--- 帖子 #762 ---
bad market. the price refuse to make a new high. closed for +3 pips.

--- 帖子 #763 ---
yea. maybe my trade is too aggressive. have to learn a lot, mate

--- 帖子 #764 ---
The conservative way :

--- 帖子 #765 ---
I see wave on M5, long on pullback of wave 2.

--- 帖子 #766 ---
I am looking at the other Eur pairs, on daily,4 hr and daily especially eur/nzd to see that either the EUR is simply resting, or getting ready for a nice retracement.Look at daily chart here and then hourly on this eur pair.whatcha all think? Im short from 1.5586 with 1.55103 stop. and 1.55168 target.  Will Eur/usd follow suit?

--- 帖子 #767 ---
i don't like the way market move. the price is forming a widening pattern. type of market i usually stay away

--- 帖子 #768 ---
I'm not sure about the correlation and never use it when trading. What i see in EU is this pairs will climb up till reach the respect point (resistant) before down move continue in 2013. It's the basic law of equilibrium, the pairs have to move up first before going down.

On the EU Daily, i see 1.347x as the respect point

--- 帖子 #769 ---
In 15 Minutes....Price still waiting the Chief Draghi

--- 帖子 #770 ---
So 30 minutes after Draghi's speaks, nothing special. Price will continue the current trend, UP!

--- 帖子 #771 ---
Set SL @BE+1

Looking for pullback to add more Long

--- 帖子 #772 ---
Hello Folks,
Mr. Pip here, what I’m about to say may be contrary to your beliefs or your understanding of market movement but like all my posts they are meant as a means of creating awareness and to educate you on market movement in terms of its natural order. I have been reading quietly behind the scenes and contributed with a few posts earlier in this thread and got ahead of pace.
Identifying your trading timeframe is the most important aspect in determining how you will conduct your analysis. What I mean is, if you have decided that you are trading on a 5 min chart looking to the daily or even the 4H is information overload. You are over analyzing and over complicating your approach.
Don’t get me wrong, you should always consult your higher timeframe in your approach if you have difficulty seeing the big picture. The point is that there is such a huge gap between the 4H and daily from the 5 min that the information is completely useless from an intraday trading stand point.
The market moves how the market moves it doesn’t matter where it’s going or why? It does not matter what it correlates with? What news is coming out or what is happening on the higher timeframes. This information has a place in trading but not on a 5 min intraday stand point. I would also like to remind you that all trends first start on a 1 min chart. Your lower timeframes will provide you with critical information, valuable information long before your 4H or daily will. They are lagging much like the indicators do on your chosen trading timeframe.
Think about this carefully and you will agree that the 5 min trend will change way before the 4H. So if this is true then why do so many traders place such importance on this? You could raise a valid argument and say that it helps you not trade against dominant trend or that it keeps you on the correct side of order flow and I would tell you that this critical information that is vital to your trading was already available to you on your trading timeframe. What you are looking for on the higher timeframe should already be known to you.
Kind Regards,
Mr. Pip

--- 帖子 #773 ---
Hello again, I wanted to show you a chart example of what I mean. This is today’s current EURUSD 5 min. Look at how beautiful price action moved. Can you see its heart beat? Does it have a rhythm? Is there anything here you needed to consult with a higher timeframe or a correlating pair for?  Folks, it is critical as chart technicians that we understand how to read a chart and how to decide what information is valuable and what is not. This will help you make smarter, quicker and better decisions when it comes down to trade execution.
Regards,
Mr. Pip

--- 帖子 #774 ---
I agree with you Mr. Pip. I am looking forward to know how you take decisions on smaller TFs based on what indicators are valuable at that time, and what made you took that decision at the end or why.

--- 帖子 #775 ---
Horuxito,
As you can see from my posted chart, I do not use indicators. I feel they add a level of complexity to a simple process I rather do without. The only tool I use is Fibonacci ratios and Harmonics. Everything else comes from understanding how price moves. No one can predict what the market is going to do next specially indicators that are analyzing historical data. But we can identify or forecast with a very high degree of accuracy where traders will be forced to make decisions and these are the areas we want to target. There is nothing random about price movement.

It is impossible for any one person or indicator to predict what the millions of traders are thinking. This is for many an emotional process steered by fear and greed. I don’t care about any of that because I know where they are likely to make decisions based on those emotions collectively.
Regards,
Mr. Pip

--- 帖子 #776 ---
Mr Pip you are certainly right on much that you say, and wiser than most of us. But if you just look at  the 60m chartof the last 4 hrs, the price is disgusting! This to me is the kind of market where the house gets both sides. No or few winners. How can you have a big winner when you have a 22 pip range between 4 candles on the busiest time of the day? I say if this morning repeated itself for 3 months. we would lose 75% of all speculators. It not only makes things harder, but it takes all the joy out of trading. We are traders,speculators, if we wanted something this slow we could just buy junk bonds! -)  A one hour chart tells a day trader regardless his time of choice exactly whether its worth it to even hang around, no? One trader said a market must go down before it can go up,and if thats true, it was in a coma on life support. No movement! Plus, Mr Pip, I thought the lower time frames cannot be depended upon alone as it is mostly "noise" and by the time you find a trend on 3 five min bars pulling back to let you in, the party is over anyway sometimes. Dont all of you agree that if every day was like today on EUR/USD you would give up trading? VOTE!  -)

Also I want to add that since the 4hr is my preferred time frame to trade, 60 min charts ARE the lower time frame.

--- 帖子 #777 ---
Why do you assume price will go up? It could just as well continue down.

You are creating a bias that could become costly.Most likely scenario budget gets agreed upon,no fiscal cliff and greenbacks gets her strength back.

Regards

--- 帖子 #778 ---
Silat50,
Thank you for your comments they are well received and agree with you 100% if you trade off of the 60 min and look at the 4H the outlook is really grim. This time of year only offers volume depleted markets and tight ranges. I will also state that tight ranges are easily traded on lower timeframes. Someone once told me that ranging markets on higher timeframes equals trending market on lower timeframes.

I’m not saying we should all trade lower timeframes or that it’s the only way to go but in looking at the range should give you the appropriate timeframe to trade such a range. If this morning repeated itself for the next three months and the trader insisted to trade such a tight range on a 60 min chart than yes you will certainly lose quite a bit of traders. Take a step back look at the range see what is reasonable. We need to adjust to what the market is offering. We cannot control what the market is doing but we can control how we react to what the market is doing.

I’m glad you brought up to term “noise”, in my most sincere and humble opinion there is no such thing. Let’s say you are in Google Earth and you are looking at your home town from space. You zoom in a bit and see the country first (daily chart). You then zoom in some more and see more detail like land marks (4H). You continue to zoom in and start to see the highways (60 min). You zoom in more and now you are able to see the streets. You get the point. Is this noise or a detailed view of the same information? How would it be easier for you to navigate through a city (market) with a detailed street map (lower timeframe)? Or a highway map (higher timeframe)? Take a look at the chart I posted earlier is there anything random about its price movement? Was there anything you would consider as noise? I was able to successfully trade that very precisely.

We must adapt to the conditions because if we don’t the market will crush us. We are not in conditions that allow us to trade 60 Min successfully, too much work not enough reward.
Regards,
Mr. Pip

--- 帖子 #779 ---
]I’m glad you brought up to term “noise”, in my most sincere and humble opinion there is no such thing. Let’s say you are in Google Earth and you are looking at your home town from space. You zoom in a bit and see the country first (daily chart). You then zoom in some more and see more detail like land marks (4H). You continue to zoom in and start to see the highways (60 min). You zoom in more and now you are able to see the streets. You get the point. Is this noise or a detailed view of the same information? How would it be easier for you to navigate through a city (market) with a detailed street map (lower timeframe)? Or a highway map (higher timeframe)? Take a look at the chart I posted earlier is there anything random about its price movement? Was there anything you would consider as noise? I was able to successfully trade that very precisely.

Mr Pip, You are  a very clear minded individual. Pleasure to engage your thoughts. I do think we should not leave out the "house cut" s we say in Las Vegas or the spread. I have had a few writers of newslettters tell me that scalping Forex can only be done profitably long term in the futures market,not spot. Why? You can often buy on the bid which changes the whole game. Do you realize that if you make 10 pips on a scalp in Spot Forex and your pip spread was "only" 2 pips and you never ever had slippage, you are giving away 20% to the house on each play or wager. Most would say its not a good proposition. Would you agree at the very least Mr Pips that the house will always do better than the player even on an individual player vs brokerage comparison because they win on every single wager and its not possible to overcome that....except on trades where you hold overnight and then it becomes much less important. Your thoughts?  Im tempted to say that the best "play' of all is to buy stock of FXCM which trades on the NY stock exchange. Id wager you will be very, very happy with your return over the course of 2-5 years. Their product can never become outdated or moot.

--- 帖子 #780 ---
Silat50,

The pleasure is all mine my friend. Agree, the house always takes a cut. It’s the cost of doing business. They are the facilitators and they want their share. I’m not a scalper so I cannot comment much on the subject. I understand the concept and know that they make their money based on high frequency trading which also by the same token fattens the house’s pockets all that much faster.

The house will always do better until we as traders learn the art of trading. With a 90% fail rate of course the house will always come out on top. It’s not their fault it the gamblers out there that jump into one of these forums all sound easy and wonderful and dam game over. They never had a chance.

There is a huge learning curve to this business. Only a very few master it and make a living out of it. Those that do understand risk verses reward and trade accordingly.

I’m not here preaching anyone’s style over the other, but trading has multiple components that must be taken into account. Range and expectancy should be at the forefront of any system anyone is using or trying to develop. I am a rules based trader so it is easier for me to measure performance as nothing changes from trade to trade. But if one is a trader that consistently takes profit in an uncalculated way and uses different methods to enter trades, then how could you measure performance? How can you optimize anything? Although there are many scalpers out there that make a good living trading there are many more who don’t. The same goes for swing and position traders as well. Once we define what kind of traders we are going to be we can focus on what will bring in the green and always take what the market is willing to give you.

It’s never the market’s fault.

Regards,
Mr. Pip

--- 帖子 #781 ---
Damn why I'm so lazy to read the whole words

--- 帖子 #782 ---
Thank you for the info.

Mostly i just use my eyes to see what is going on in the chart, visualize what is in my mind and take the simple decision, sometime news makes me confuse to decide. I like the simplicity and it makes me profitable, off course there is lost trade but the net is green.

--- 帖子 #783 ---
Well my friend on the road less traveled there are no short cuts.

--- 帖子 #784 ---
I'm sorry Mr.Pip, if you don't mind please continue to share your knowledge on this thread.

I'm not good when reading the full paragraph without picture. I'm just a kid who liked to always learn something new by the simple approach and easy to understand.

--- 帖子 #785 ---
Well my friend on the road less traveled there are no short cuts.

--- 帖子 #786 ---
We are all visual learners. No need to apologize.

--- 帖子 #787 ---
Slightly Bullish

--- 帖子 #788 ---
Still tight

--- 帖子 #789 ---
is it the time?

--- 帖子 #790 ---
Round 1

--- 帖子 #791 ---
Not share any setup trade today because of bored. But have fun with those story pictures above and get reward +116 pips today, cheers

5 orders, all Long...See ya tomorrow

--- 帖子 #792 ---
Great Job!!!

--- 帖子 #793 ---
Daily TF : Now price was in wave 3 zone. I start looking for long setup at 1.322x-1.323x when London open.

--- 帖子 #794 ---
This zone

--- 帖子 #795 ---
Try long at yesterday high with small lot & tight cut loss

--- 帖子 #796 ---
Move SL to BE+1. If continue in my favour, will add more long at pullback

--- 帖子 #797 ---
It will kissed soon, hope not

--- 帖子 #798 ---
It's London time, right?

--- 帖子 #799 ---
I'm lonely here  lol....however, i would like to keep this thread keep alive as 9er's wish. Hope he will come back soon from his vacation.

--- 帖子 #800 ---
Wow . It's time for looking the pullback to add more long

--- 帖子 #801 ---
Hi Nunix,

What is your indicator to create this box ?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #802 ---
hi nunix. i have the same position as you have. but slightly higher.

--- 帖子 #803 ---
I draw it manually. I don't use indicator, my eyes is my indicator . You know, I like to imagine & visualize what is in my mind to draw something on the chart.

--- 帖子 #804 ---
Ok Great !

Because there is indicator which draw Supply & Demande area like this.

--- 帖子 #805 ---
We are in the winning trade

--- 帖子 #806 ---
yes you can use it to help you to make the decision.

--- 帖子 #807 ---
Have to leave the pc, will comeback in 2 hours, see ya...

--- 帖子 #808 ---
the price is heading to resistance pivot line

--- 帖子 #809 ---
closed at +33 pips profit. time to have fun now

--- 帖子 #810 ---
and a fractal high on the daily chart from ist may - I cut my long and sold this level targeting 15 pips

--- 帖子 #811 ---
yes. i also notice that resistance level. so that's why i closed my position. the price seems struggle to continue its movement.

sell on this strong trend will be very risky. i prefer to wait retracement for long candidate. btw, good luck with your trade, mate.

--- 帖子 #812 ---
Thanks vahn. I was long also and flipped. 1.33 will be heavily protected but its almost certainly going to break imo. However, its not going to yield easily and Im just hoping to capitalise on the shite fight at this level. Its a high probability, low risk trade as far as I am concerned, Im just trying to scalp out a few pips from retracement. Win or lose, its just a trade, no big deal

--- 帖子 #813 ---
Bulls is trying to collect the power to break that point. If has enough power that point will broken, if Bears too strong price will kiss my SL.
+40 now

--- 帖子 #814 ---
nice trade nunix. the price broke the range. and touch the resistance pivot line. seems pa will break this level too.

--- 帖子 #815 ---
and broken, watch out for fake broken, it might be bulls trap...

--- 帖子 #816 ---
If i want to scalp, i'll do it in that circle targeting pullback zone, but i don't because i'm not good when picking the top or bottom.

--- 帖子 #817 ---
how many pages since any part of 9ers ideas have been represented in this thread?

--- 帖子 #818 ---
Sorry dude, I don't want to mislead 9er idea, but i want to keep this thread alive, bring traders come to this thread. 9er will come back soon from his vacation, share his idea and i will join with him to post 9er's chart.

--- 帖子 #819 ---
Well then this is my last post in this thread, will post again when i see 9er has come back,..

--- 帖子 #820 ---
it's not that at all. kudos to you NuNix for seeing the value here and trying to keep the thread alive. It's just my hope that some of the voices that have a firm grasp of the patterns can chime in so we can better understand the movement of the patterns with the movement of the AO and RSI.

--- 帖子 #821 ---
Finding tops and bottoms is really not that hard. Appling some harmonics and some Fibs we get a really good idea where reversals are likely to occur.

Cheers,

Mr. Pip

--- 帖子 #822 ---
Daily - Like we can see in the chart. when the price touch the first Fractal outside the alligattor teeth (chaos theory), the price will continue. But the price a little bit overbought for now. RSI is above 70

Bias : The trend is Bullish. But it's overbought

--- 帖子 #823 ---
H4 - This is an example of trading based on chaos theory. Trade when the AO form a pattern like what i circle in the chart after the first fractal appear outside alligator teeth.

Bias : Still bullish, not overbought again. But the Daily RSI still overbought. Beware

--- 帖子 #824 ---
Well then, here is my first order today.

--- 帖子 #825 ---
Still hard in finding tops/bottom, will learn more from you Mr.Pips. Please share more chart

--- 帖子 #826 ---
H1 - RSI already below 50, The price try to build a lower low. Let's see how the price will go. Break of the fractal will make the Bear live again

Bias : Slightly Bearish

--- 帖子 #827 ---
Agreed

--- 帖子 #828 ---
M15 - Market move in range. The price still search for direction.

Bias : Unknown

--- 帖子 #829 ---
Try to catch pips on retracement leg with small lot but loss, order on trend leg for sure it's winning trade.

We still can make money in December month, right?...

S(-17) + L(+218) = 201 green pips

That's my last trade for 2012. I'm in vacation tomorrow for new year party, will trade again in 2013.

See you all again on January 2013 and Happy New Year

--- 帖子 #830 ---
I am fascinated by Harmonics and was wondering if GU does fall into this pattern and if not why not?

I am seeing bearish pattern but again I am a beginner in Harmonics

--- 帖子 #831 ---
For those that are interested, here is the latest ZUP indicator.

It has more patterns built in.

"Originally Posted by poruchik from another FORUM

ZUP 122

Changes only for fans of butterflies.

It is possible to stock up with a pith helmet and a net.

Parameters.

SelectPattern - sets groups of 5 dot patterns for search of "indistinct" and "exact" patterns".

This parameter helps to allocate for search patterns from the following list:

1 - Gartley

2 - Bat

3 - Anti Alternate Shark

4 - Anti Nen STAR

5 - Butterfly

6 - Crab

7 - Anti Shark

8 - Anti Cypher

9 - Anti Butterfly

10 - Anti Crab

11 - Shark

12 - Cypher

13 - Anti Gartley

12 - Anti Bat

15 - Alternate Shark

16 - Nen STAR

17 - Alternate Bat

18 - Deep Crab

19 - Black swan

20 - max Bat

21 - max Gartley

22 - max Butterfly

23 - TOTAL 1

24 - TOTAL 2

25 - TOTAL 3

26 - TOTAL 4

27 - TOTAL

The configuration of patterns corresponds to that that the poruchik  spread in the file where patterns like TOTAL for the first time were  presented.

max patterns correspond to those patterns which were in ZUP to 115 versions inclusive.

The black swan corresponds to that originally I offered MacPan

Other five-dot patterns correspond to that on Scott Carney's site.

Search of "indistinct" patterns is made consistently according to the provided list.

Search "exact" паттерныов is made on other algorithm.

At first it is prospected "exact" patterns, then "indistinct" patterns.

If the five-dot pattern isn't found, the following patterns are consistently looked for:

Dragon - the user patterns - The 4-Point Continuation Pattern - 5-0 - AB=CD.

......."

--- 帖子 #832 ---
Folks, I’ve mentioned this before. You have to get to know these patterns. You can’t possibly trade all these patterns and be profitable. Some of these I haven’t even heard of and harmonics is all I trade. Beware; people like to make thing up.  What the hell is an anti crab it doesn’t even sound right.

Harmonics are a great and extremely accurate way to trade but I’ll say this again. You must qualify the patterns you intend to trade. This indicator although helpful is also misleading and dangerous. It repaints severely. It identifies swings with the ZIGZAG indicator built in and that alone repaints. The ranges of these patterns are too wide so what ends up happening is you have mutating patterns.

Please exercise caution in you assessment and get to learn your most basic and profitable patterns first. You can always grow from there.

I don’t want to take over this thread and out of respect for 9er I will limit what I will put out here as this is not what this thread is about but some of these patterns are reversals and some are continuation of trends. They occur in areas of price congestion. So the first question you have to ask yourself is. Is this pattern in the right place? Does it make sense for it to have formed here?  If your answer is not it’s okay to proceed but be very aggressive with your trade management as that pattern would have greater risk associated with it.

Regards,

Mr. PIP

--- 帖子 #833 ---
I totally agree with you.One must be able to see basic patterns and know it at heart.Nothing is substitute for knowledge personally gained.

Thank you

--- 帖子 #834 ---
Yes and no. Please refer to my chart for an explanation.  Nothing can be traded blindly we must obey what price is trying to tell us. It will always speak to us and confirm what we are seeing. We trade what we see not what we think.  This has also been disqualified as a crab pattern as per my rules of engagement. The BC correction was too deep. I would need to see alternate confluence to have me long at a 161 ext. of XA. This is where a crab would complete.

Regards,

Mr. Pip

--- 帖子 #835 ---
I totally agree with you Mr. Pip.

Although this indicator looks good to the untrained eye.

It is a very complex indicator, that may produce many false positives.

Like any indicator one has to thoroughly learn its mechanics, tweak its settings... in order to incorporate it into ones arsenal.

Event then we are still at the mercy of the markets; if we do not have (or trust) our edge.

Regards

--- 帖子 #836 ---
Hey Chopstix,

I believe mastery of the markets is possible but it takes hard work and discipline. The problem is not the markets it's us. We over complicate simple processes and that is within us to fix.

Regards,

Mr. Pip

--- 帖子 #837 ---
Funny that I was watching this very same chart all day until it reached that magic 2.618 . I am a Harmonic lover myself but was in the trade short using a different method. I have always wondered how one can make use of harmonic patterns just like this when price goes right thru the prz area and doesnt reverse? Ive always wondered if one could actually take the reverse trade and stay with the trend especially if its a big engulfing  bar that is breaking thru the zone. Why waste the pattern. My thoughts Mr pip is any pattern is either going to go long or short. So if in this case you were "preparing" for a long, Could a short not easily have been ridden right to that same number with a huge R/R?  I have to believe with price charging thru the PRZ zone like that, it could easily stand as a system in its own right. I think the only tweaking needed would be money management and making sure the r/r gave you an edge. As I said, if you ran this exact scenario to the PRZ zone 1000 times entering either 1-One pip outside the zone, 2-one or 2 bars past the zone as long as you got 2-1 on your money or better(often much better like 6-1) if you ran this play 1000 times youd be a huge winner end of year. Regardless if Bat,crab,butterfly or Gartley. Do you agree?  And if so, have any studies been done on this that are in print somewhere? Feel free to aNSWER ME HERE OR pm ,whatever works best for you.

Also, I would like to say that in my many years on Forex Factory, you have been one of our most shining stars. You answer newbies with patience, and your clarity is quite illuminating. As well.... you have that knack of knowing when it is appropriate to stray off topic and when it is not right to do so for the moderators sake. You are a class act. I hope you are here  a long, long time. I have enjoyed every one of your posts.  On a very serious note, I think you should start your own chat/trade commentary room and pick your members BY YOUR CHOICE, not the reverse greedy commercial way. I for one would love to participate. Even if it was just an hour per day to answer questions and give the "Setup of the Day". Something small with maybe a dozen guys who each share some responsibility in _______  ??????  Think about it.

happy holiday, S.

--- 帖子 #838 ---
Happy Holidays to you and all as well. I thank you for allyour kind thoughts and support. I am humbled and look forward to continuehelping traders grow. I have thought of starting something but fear the topicof harmonics and advance patterns maybe a bit advanced for most and the threadwill not live long. Also, many traders are hooked on indicators and do not understandthe nature of price action.

I do like your idea about a commentary room or somethingalong those lines. I am not a greedy person so yes it would be completely freeas I believe in helping traders grow. PM me with some thoughts on how we canget this going, I would enjoy working on this with you.

Now to the questions at hand, as traders we are alwaystrying to find high probability entries with the least amount of risk possible.Let’s keep in mind that risk will never be eliminated from our trading but ismust be managed accordingly. Harmonics identifies high probability areas wheretrading decision are likely to take place. This is achieved through areas ofconfluence which validates our analysis and places us at or very close toturning points in the markets.

In the private sector there are two main types of traders,retail traders which are those traders that rely on indicators for entries ortraditional pattern traders like head and shoulders, wedges, flags, breakouts.The second group is the wholesale traders. These are the traders that have thebest risk reward ratio and enter the market at the best possible price. Theseare the price action and harmonic groups. You want to aim to be a wholesale trader. This offers the best riskreward bar none and places you into a trade very early not after one third ormore of the move has already taken place.

So, in examining this particular pattern where would be thebest possible wholesale entry? Taking the reverse trade at point D failure andPRZ offers a risky and retail entry. Risky because in this pattern a Gartleypoint D completes the pattern within leg XA so taking the trade here puts youtrading into potential support at X and waiting for a breakout of X leaves youwith an oversold market  with much higherrisk verses reward. These two combinations offer a low probability trade. Thereis a much better wholesale entry.

The entry is at point C of the pattern and when price startsto accelerate into the PRZ and we see that price has no intention of stoppingand reversing we disregard the pattern and manage our trade aggressively as wenow know we are holding a short trade in an oversold market. A much betterposition to be in would you agree? I’ll repost the chart with two examples. Thefirst offers your trading the failure short and the second is the harmonicwholesale entry to exploit the pattern to its fullest. Enjoy!

Best Regards,

Mr. Pip

--- 帖子 #839 ---
Mr.Pip you can always start a thread in Journal on Harmonics where you can discuss freely without feeling constrains of systems.

Regards

--- 帖子 #840 ---
Thanks I will consider it.

--- 帖子 #841 ---
I second that. Im in. We really need to give 9er the respect he deserves and keep the discussion on his system. Its just too good to lose.

So starting another thread is not really an option its a must,Its the RIGHT thing to do!  The problem is that either a thread is filled with so many newbies asking the same basic questions, which is what you have to expect.Or....you get so many experienced traders that dont just take a system as it is but integrate it with their own methods and indicators and ways of thinking.Thats fine but should only rarely when its earth shattering be posted here. Im sure Davit and Mr Pips agree.

I cant wait to see 9er's first trade of the year. Lets start this year of with a 9er winner!!!! As Austin Powers would say.....nahhh forget it.

--- 帖子 #842 ---
Mr. Pip, please start a thread as there are sure many who would appreciate sharing your knowledge on wholesale trading.

Risk reward is really great.

--- 帖子 #843 ---
Where did Ts go ? will he come back or is this thread over ?   I was really enjoing it.

Best regards

--- 帖子 #844 ---
He will comeback

--- 帖子 #845 ---
Mr Pip,

What is the reason wew would want any involvement with a system that produces soooomany false positives, where every connect the dots action has to be perfect. Arent there easier ways to make money. Between us, I have found harmonic trading to not produce enough good signals as simply using FIB CLUSTERS with common sense and vision. Your thoughts? And naturally we cant beat what 9er has given us here as well. so why bother with harmonics except as a hobby? Im not being sarcastic, i truly want to know.

Where is 9er? Come back and get us back on track!!!!!

silat

--- 帖子 #846 ---
And what makes you believe that 9er will return?

After he was belittled on another thread (I was reading it at that time), he could simply have returned to obscurity and continued to make money without sharing his "style", but did he? No. He chose instead to accept the responsibility of starting/supporting a thread to show others how money could be made his way, with keeping risk in check.

9er has shown numerous charts with his methods, explaining in great detail the how, what and whens. There have been several posts by 9er stating that he felt he was the only one participating because of the limited involvement of all others reading this thread.

His method or "style" has been laid out, the basics of Fractuals have been spoke about, he has warned against false breakouts with the RSI  bouncing around the 50 mark, his choice of Bill Williams indicators are given with explanations on how to read the movements, etc.............

My point is, he has accomplished what he set out to do. We all have the information needed to continue on if 9er should so chose to return to the sidelines. If your looking for a handout, I for one, would prefer he not return. Its an insult to his teachings. However, if your looking for a hand up, then I suggest you participate with the understanding of doing it HIS WAY until you can prove that there is a way to fine tune his style (if thats possible).

Do not take any of this as being disrespectful towards Mr. Pip either. In all honestly, Mr. Pip will forget more than I will ever know about successful trading and I thank him as well for the valuable information he has chosen to share as well.

I hope 9er does return, but if it should not be, I wish him the very best life has to offer.

--- 帖子 #847 ---
Goodness sake what happened in here? Contrary to popular opinion and as I stated in one of my last posts I took a much needed vacation (27 days to be exact). I always planned to come back, it is not my intention to quit what I have started. I had planned to pop in and out during my absence but we actually stumbled into a new venture, or a new vehicle for generating income. A vehicle I never dreamed I would get into, but I am smack dab in it now! Real-estate!

Trying to broaden my portfolio! But contrary to popular opinion I am back and will resume normal trading tomorrow.

I apologize to anyone that feels let down, but I gotta tell you it was a 9 months overdue break. I spend 12-14 hours a day staring at this screen and I needed a break.

Join me tomorrow if you wish. If not good luck to everyone!

Not for nothing but I was telling my wife how creating this forum had actually increased my trading percentage. By actually posting trades and analysis I found myself "talking" my way through my trading or into my trades. It helped phenominally!

If you want to join in, I welcome you to add your analysis, post your charts and take my lead. trust me, it will hone your trading edge!

Anyway - thought I would pop in and see if this thread was still alive, from what I can see it has all but died. I will do my best to breath new life into it! See you tomorrow!

--- 帖子 #848 ---
Very nice! Someone has been reading up on the chaos theory!! Get posts Vahn - hope to see you come back

--- 帖子 #849 ---
Rather than beating someone up over a post, how about contributing yourself first? NuNix has a great grasp on this style of trading.

--- 帖子 #850 ---
In light of my recent absence and due to the departure of my trading style in this thread, i have deemed it necessary to start over from scratch. I will update post#1 with a link to this page, to include thread rules. Keep in mind, this is my "style" of trading, not my "system" of trading. It is a collection of various different methods.

At first glance it may appear to be over the top or too complicated. Give it a chance, stick around or don't it's your choice.

I would like to reiterate one rule very profoundly though: Do NOT introduce or attempt to talk about anything other than the styles we use in this thread (to include indicators or EA's).

If you think you use a style or system that is superior, then do yourself a favor and go trade it. This style of trading may not be be for you and that is ok, as I stated I am no expert, but I trade what works for me!

I do not want to confuse those trying to learn, so please do not contradict my posts (although I will accept constructive and positive criticism!), let's analyze together and help each other out!

--- 帖子 #851 ---
Ok Let’s put this beast together bit by bit:

The History and why (self evident)

The God Father: H.M Gartley
H.M. Gartley first outlined the basic structure of the ABCD pattern and butterfly patterns. This is the most basic of rules in what drives the Forex market and also the DIRECT reason why most traders sit squarely in the 95% club.

Your trade failed? Why? Did you account for the fact that maybe you missed the most primal reason? The end of a B to C leg maybe? Or the completion of the ABCD pattern? Did you account for that? No? Why? Because your hard and fast system said to sell? “Oh, I’m sorry you just blew your account”.

Get your hands on anything and everything about Gartley patterns (the internet is flooded with the stuff). Do not learn to trade the patterns inclusive of themselves, but learn to see when a pattern starts, which leg is it in, how far will B to C go? Where can I enter, and when should I exit? Of course as we progress I will provide examples, post charts and explain.

"Please don’t worry I have an indicator that will paint these patterns for you, will SHOW you ABCD and various types of Butterfly patterns (which are failed ABCD patterns at some point, by the way). I will post the indicator in due course."

The God Father II: Bill Williams

Excuse me for being so bold, but until your system receives its own set of indicators and implemented into every trading platform known to man – you can keep it.

I prefer to dance with Chaos, the key words there? “Dance With”! Which we will do in here, we will dance all over these charts!

Download or buy Bill Williams book “New Trading Dimensions” and read it 10 times or more! Learn each of his six dimensions; as you read the dimensions, have a chart open and make comparative analysis between your chart and the examples given in the book.

Teach yourself to take at least 5 successful trades from each dimension method before moving on to the next dimension! Learn it, love it and breathe it

In closing - I believe I have found a perfect combination of indicators, Oscillators and moving averages to compliment our God Fathers systems.

As we build this style, I will post one indicator at a time with it's explanation and how I use it (until we've completed the chart)

Thread rules are next

Never argue with stupid people, they will drag you to their level and beat you with experience

--- 帖子 #852 ---
Thread Rules:Respect, Integrity always Never EVER speak in this thread of conspiracy theories, stop hunting brokers etc. If you manage your trades properly, neither of these should affect you anyway. Do not attempt to introduce any system, indicator, EA or otherwise into this thread (other than what I introduce). Doing so will earn you a one way ticket out of here Never, ever, ever speak ill of someone else in this thread. I don’t care how mad you get, take it off line. This thread is meant to be conducive to learning, not your personal sounding board. If someone posts a chart with an incorrect premise, do not scold, demean or otherwise. Share your thoughts. I am more than certain that I will post charts with an incorrect premise; I am NOT the expert, and I would thank you for correcting me. We are all equal in here, share what you see and why you think you see it. Post your charts! We will use an established set of indicators, which will never change. Why? Because our premise is based off the Chaos Theory (human greed and emotion); because of that, this system will never be “conspira-sized” stop hunted or otherwise. We are not smart enough to change it, but we damn sure can use it! Do not PM me to speak of starting a separate website or selling services. I am not interested; I make a very comfortable living trading from home. I am here to help. I am not here to rob hopes and steal dreams. No assumptions or presumptions of what you think you know. If you know it all, why are you here?

--- 帖子 #853 ---
OK to start with let's open a fresh chart of the EU (or whichever pair you prefer, EXOTICS BEWARE!)

To this chart drop in the following Bill Williams indicators (with default settings):

Fractals

Alligator

Awesome Oscillator

When finished your chart should look like the attached

--- 帖子 #854 ---
Ok next RSI (Relative strength Index). Drop an RSI onto your chart (add to the default settings from MT4: 40, 50 & 60).

Did you know that the RSI can be used as a crystal ball? I LOVE the RSI! It can be used to signal the end of a trend, the beginning of a new trend.

Did you also know that the RSI can keep you in a positive trade in one direction even if it strikes 30 or 70 repeatedly? I call this strategic placement of trailing a stop. With the RSI I have ridden waves of 90 to 190 pips? One of my favorite little secrets!

Before properly learning this indicator, I had trouble, severe trouble figuring out how to exit my trades. I never knew how long to "stay in". I would close a trade for profit only to watch it continue to go my direction? Not anymore folks! You can ride waves - pretty damn effortlessly! I rode one today for 70 pips!

Your chart should now look like this:

--- 帖子 #855 ---
Ok next - boring I know but SO important. Add your daily pivot points. I use IBFX these indicators come by default. You can use any pivot indicator you choose so long as it is for the Daily. We are intra-day traders.

If you trade the daily charts, drop a weekly pivot indicator -

Pivots are so critical

Your chart should now look like this:

--- 帖子 #856 ---
Next drop a 200 Simple Moving Average (not smoothed, not exponential or otherwise), just simple (we like simple). Apply to close.

I want to pre-empt this next indicator with a word of CAUTION!

Attached is a ZUP indicator that paints ABCD, butterfly, Gartley and various other patterns. Unless you are absolutely sure that you know what you are doing, do not take a trade based solely because this indicator has painted a pattern! The worst mistake you can make is to trade this indicator blindly. You have been warned!

Drop the indicators into your Experts - Indicators folder. I've included a template for those of you that wish to use it.

Sorry folks but seeing double vision. Tomorrow we trade this baby!

Once you have restarted your MT4 your chart should look like this:

--- 帖子 #857 ---
Sorry grabbed the wrong chart - double vision.

Your chart should look like this:

--- 帖子 #858 ---
Welcome back 9er

--- 帖子 #859 ---
Glad to be back NuNix - thank you for your part to keep this thread active! I saw that you took a little grief! Your an excellent trader and don't let anyone tell you elsewise! Appreciate your effort my man - did not go un-noticed! Great job!

--- 帖子 #860 ---
NuNix - I just dropped a "Vouch" on you for your efforts in this thread!

--- 帖子 #861 ---
Wow thank you

What do you think about EU H4?

--- 帖子 #862 ---
Tomorrow I will resume normal posting. I missed the start of my day and feel "off" anyway. For anyone just joining, or new to trading this style of trading is NOT as complex as it comes across.

I will do my best to post my analysis and any potential setups.

Word of warning: Money management and risk to reward is your responsibility. I never discuss it.

My daily goal is 10 pips, my rules for trade management are as follows:

1. I trade with buy and sell stops only! (I never enter market order, but that is my preference only!)

2. Never, EVER, EVER trade without a stop loss level! We'll cover this as well!

3. Remove the risk of the trade as soon as possible by moving my stop to break even (BE) usually if the trade goes +10 to +15 pips I move to BE

4. Lock in pips and stay in a trade as long as possible (using RSI) +20 to +30 move stop to +10 (we'll cover this later as well)

--- 帖子 #863 ---
Can I post a chart that differ from your template? I didn't use a zup indi since i follow Mr.Pip thread to draw a Harmonic pattern

--- 帖子 #864 ---
Sorry for the late reply. I am actually not trading today - but your setup would scare me away on a long. Your trigger is too close to the 200 for my liking - you might be able to scalp a bit from it, but as I stated the 200 is too close for my taste

Look at the 1H - there is a down fractal outside the mouth and price appears to want to bounce off the mouth and the RSI is flat below the 50. If it were me, I'd have a sell stop here.

--- 帖子 #865 ---
Not a problem

--- 帖子 #866 ---
If the current price is bellow the daily pivot, are you just looking for sell order?

--- 帖子 #867 ---
Well - yes but based from the 1H - getting ready to post a premise and potential setup now

--- 帖子 #868 ---
depends on how the PA ( and its pattern ) dude ...

i see butterfly/crab in m15 / 30 as D point  ( could be seen as C point in 4H ). ready trade from C to D in 4H. called BAMM in harmonic

imhoooooo

current chart

not attached

4H on the weekend

http://www.forexfactory.com/attachme...3&d=1357356602

Daily on the weekend
http://www.forexfactory.com/attachme...0&d=1357436277

--- 帖子 #869 ---
I am basing this weak setup off two things really. The first is the upper trend line, second would be that the upper trend line corresponds intersects the alligator mouth. and the third would be if you look at the horizontal yellow line, this is the first down fractal out of the alligator's mouth (yellow arrow pointing "up")

Volume is still a little low, price has been sideways for a few hours now, so I urge caution in that low volatility has a way of negating the best set ups. If price doesn't trigger my sell within the next 3 candles, I cancel the sell stop.

--- 帖子 #870 ---
Here is a good reason to cancel a sell stop. As I was marking up my chart, price broke the upper trend line and extended beyond what would have been my stop loss. Anytime this happens the sell premise has been negated in my opinion.

Upper trend line pierced, now hanging on the daily pivot - candle closes in seven minutes formation of this candle when it closes is what I need to see next.

Notice the RSI has pushed above 50, but I need confirmation of the next candle before I consider long on the 1H (not to mention price is approaching the 200 on the 4H)

--- 帖子 #871 ---
Yes I see Butterfly on M15

--- 帖子 #872 ---
you do it my mannnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn..........................

i think mr and mrs euro understand it

--- 帖子 #873 ---
And the 5M

--- 帖子 #874 ---
the pattern is showing the ratio in harmonic but in PA..  tells us that daily pivot got broken to the upside  and market keeps her staying above high of nov 2012

--- 帖子 #875 ---
Interesting posted 30 minutes ago:

http://www.forexfactory.com/news.php?do=news&id=403813

Germany is not profiting from the eurozone

--- 帖子 #876 ---
And a nice little bounce off the daily pivot - stop in danger but still hanging in there

--- 帖子 #877 ---
Well I've got "school" drop off duty this morning - gotta cut out. Will update this trade when I get back 45 minutes or so

--- 帖子 #878 ---
short ?? look at the ratio dude.. it's just 1.272... butterfly gives good result in 1.61 .. just imho

--- 帖子 #879 ---
Thank you, but sometime i don't understand with the news

--- 帖子 #880 ---
you don't set buy stop above the high?

--- 帖子 #881 ---
I took this trade on a whim, based from 5M was hoping to scalp 5 pips set tp at 6 pips, missed tp by 1 pip, that'll teach me

--- 帖子 #882 ---
Yes, short dude just took my 6 pip TP, just my humble opinion; Not every trade is a home run. Brick by brick

--- 帖子 #883 ---
In case your counting the wave was at the 161 of the B to C leg

I traded the 5M, short and sweet pips - to the point!

Despite the spike, the 1h is still sideways and I still don't like it

For me Bullish doesn't confirm until the RSI touches 60 at the close of a candle

the 4h still resistant of the 200 and the AO is forming bearish saucer

RSI looks comfy below the 50 (4H)

--- 帖子 #884 ---
14 minutes into the next 1H and NOW the TF is shaping up

notice RSI snaking upwards to the 60?

AO crossed the 0 line

Looks like mini butterfly is forming

I took 6 pips on a day I didn't even plan to trade Calling it quits

See you tomorrow

--- 帖子 #885 ---
So, as long as H1 and H4 doesn't confirm the bullish, you will not looking for buy?

--- 帖子 #886 ---
NuNix - to clarify, I wasn't looking for any trades on the higher TF's. If I hadn't been so tired I might have stayed around for a Buy on the 1H, but as it were I wanted a quick take on some easy pips. I drilled to the lower TF to check scalping opportunities. Took my 6 pips and the rest of the day off.

--- 帖子 #887 ---
Daily: The daily has drawn a 5.0 butterfly. I don't like the butterfly due to the size of the 4 to 5 leg. I see where Friday's session pushed off the 1.30 level, a level that has proved formidable in the past. A few items of interest are today's candle has already hit the 50 fibo level, which also corresponds to the weekly pivot level of 1.3125.

Despite yesterday's upward movement, the AO dipped below the zero line, indicating a slowing of upward momentum.

You take all these indicators, 5.0 pattern, 50 fibo, weekly pivot, AO and I believe what we may see today is bearish Bias.

Quandary: Yesterday's high already pierced, turning this level to support on the lower TF's?

BIAS: Bearish

--- 帖子 #888 ---
The 4H is interesting. We have another 5.0 butterfly, but the completion of the 4 to 5 leg is also a picture perfect ABCD, which has gone to the 161.8 level of the B to C leg.

The 200 was broken yesterday and price now sits squarely inside the alligators mouth. Some conflicting story lines: The AO is approaching the zero line moving upwards, indicating an acceleration of upward momentum but the ABCD and 5.0 cannot be ignored, the AO tends to lag.

The RSI is no help at the moment, it has crossed the 50, but until I see 60 get pierced at the close of a candle, Bullish bias can't be assumed.

BIAS: Bearish

--- 帖子 #889 ---
nice spot 9er.... wanna on eyed this level closely...

this's mine
http://www.forexfactory.com/attachme...0&d=1357613040

--- 帖子 #890 ---
The 1H: Yet another 5.0 pattern, and as with the 4H another ABCD pattern to complete it. RSI is at 67.9, moderately over bought. The AO has decreased now for 5 consecutive bars all bight only slightly. I wouldn't be surprised to see price hit the R1 level before coming down.

BIAS: Bearish

--- 帖子 #891 ---
based on ratio yesss... but better waiting for clear bearish PA first .

--- 帖子 #892 ---
So for today I will look for entries on the short side, but always bearing in mind to NOT ignore any bullish signals that may appear.

Take a look at your 30M charts, you'll see an ABCD, along with some bearish divergence with the AO, and the RSI agrees with the 1H in the over bought arena.  I HATE where price is sitting in relation to the 200 though.

The 5 and 15M are no help at this point, I will concentrate my entry on the 30M for now

--- 帖子 #893 ---
Yes that is my intention! The Bulls have shown a propensity for battle! I hate waiting for London to open!

--- 帖子 #894 ---
Yes. Gotta hate those broker differences! Nice chart, thank you

--- 帖子 #895 ---
agree..

a cup of coffee first

http://images4.fanpop.com/image/phot...-1680-1050.jpg

--- 帖子 #896 ---
really hate....

one of my broker did not close my target even that day ... i know it's about 30 pip higher than my target.. hughhhhhhhhhhhffffffffffffffff

--- 帖子 #897 ---
LOVE the Doji on the 4H!

I have also attached a document I attached previously for any new attendees to this thread. The top candle formations. An excellent read and tool to keep handy!

--- 帖子 #898 ---
Yes - the most important tool to successful trading - a good cup of coffee! I am off to get my second cup!

--- 帖子 #899 ---
Damn, that would be a serious problem in my book. I truly do love IBFX, another good broker is Oanda, but their time frames are based off East coast times and not GMT. But their spreads are incredibly low

--- 帖子 #900 ---
And another bit of light reading

--- 帖子 #901 ---
30M cleared ascending wedge & lower trend line, now sitting firmly on the 200

--- 帖子 #902 ---
What's life without a few risks? might be a little pre-mature but I set a sell stop at 3 pips below the 200 on the 30M

--- 帖子 #903 ---
See how price reacts off the 200 in the 5M

Anyone notice the Harami?

--- 帖子 #904 ---
Hi everybody new to the thread. Thanks for all the help 9er. literally started looking into all this about 2 hours ago. Not easy to get you head round at 6:40am GMT.

So looking at EURUSD right now for me looks like this on the edit: Daily

SO if X is that top point sitting on ~1.3300 Which according to my indis is fib level 223.68.. we are looking for B at 223.68 minus 61.8 which would be 161.8 which on my chart is approx 1.3215 (R3)? Any guidance would be great as im sure thats not right!

--- 帖子 #905 ---
wtf, today my net connection was bad

I set sell stop based on first fractal at M5 and triggered. It's aggressive entry while price sitting at 200MA on M30. Yes What's life without a few risk

edit : Price bounce off 200MA on M5

--- 帖子 #906 ---
There is trhead about control bar (CB). See this CB keeps price within its range, if price can't break and close above the CB, it's likely price will go down to lower CB, if can break this lower, we know what it's mean...

--- 帖子 #907 ---
waiting for long setup - gu

--- 帖子 #908 ---
Well my risk went for a $10.00 loss! Mis-keyed my lot size - thank god for small miracles!

Looking at it now, I also forgot to set TP which would have been hit damn those small miracles!

--- 帖子 #909 ---
Jah - I am sorry but I am not tracking your question? Can you clarify?

--- 帖子 #910 ---
of course! im probably talking rubbish. trying to identify where point B would be. Edited with paint

Would that chart be valid is what im trying to say.

--- 帖子 #911 ---
Jah - if I understand your question - A to B is still being formed (using the 1.3300 as X). If 1.33 is X then draw your fib from A to todays high as B (this is false because today's candle is still being formed). but IF today's high is B, then you can look at the 127 to 161 as your target area (which also corresponds to the lower trend line on the daily (at 127). A push to 161 would drop the RSI to below 40 and open up bearish BIAS.

Does this make sense?

keep in mind I am using this as an example with how to draw FIBS, the example I am giving here is false as I am using the current candle as the formation of my A to B leg

--- 帖子 #912 ---
YES!

--- 帖子 #913 ---
To make it MUCH easier on, just draw your FIB from X to A. B usually forms between 38.2 and 61.8 (strong trending markets usually retrace to the 38.2)

How is that?

--- 帖子 #914 ---
Sorry meant to post this setup, got busy with my last post. Just triggered in again from the 30M Placed another sell stop at the low of the previous candle on 30M

--- 帖子 #915 ---
Take a little advice from Gartley! Explains FIB levels nicely

--- 帖子 #916 ---
SO in reality i should be watching for a reversal around R3 and R4? i am still targeting 289X so it would make sense.

--- 帖子 #917 ---
Perfect. Ive probably learnt more in the last few hours than i have in 6 months. I was just working off S&R before.

--- 帖子 #918 ---
I think the 5M has lost its compass

--- 帖子 #919 ---
Glad to help my man!

--- 帖子 #920 ---
OK - WHO gave the 5M a redbull?

--- 帖子 #921 ---
9er,The 200 sma on the 30 min chart seems to be holding price up, a break of it and shorts could be in order. Would you set a sell stop below that last fractal @103 ( EU)gregben

--- 帖子 #922 ---
Two consecutive losses on sell orders has me gun shy at the moment. Not sure what is driving this latest spike, if not the 200? I need to see a push off of it before I consider a long or short now~!

But I am not seeing a recent down fractal on the 30M??

--- 帖子 #923 ---
Did you get my e-mail about Oscar?

--- 帖子 #924 ---
Have not received email as yet.

--- 帖子 #925 ---
By the way I went long @ 110 above the 200

--- 帖子 #926 ---
looks like we mike get a push off the 200 after all

--- 帖子 #927 ---
All oscars are ZERO

--- 帖子 #928 ---
will email you

--- 帖子 #929 ---
My AO signal generator just generated a buy stop at 31127. Gonna keep an eye peeled

--- 帖子 #930 ---
Also Gregben - MACD (c) missing zones? Manual input parameters?

--- 帖子 #931 ---
Nevermind! I got it!

--- 帖子 #932 ---
email sent

--- 帖子 #933 ---
Will wait for it (not in yet) I have a few more questions for you, but believe you have yourself a nice tool! impressive

--- 帖子 #934 ---
I have set buy stop above the first fractal coming out off mouth, is this really first fractal? or the first one is the previous fractal?

Keep on eye on Control Bar, again price rejected....would be nice if i can scalp within this CB

--- 帖子 #935 ---
NuNix - the previous fractal is the first fractal outside of the mouth. Based on BW system, you would set a buy stop above that fractal and a stop loss at the low of the fractals candle (pretty wide candle). but you can see that you would still be in the trade had you taken the first fractal.

nonethless - your buy stop based on the fractal is still correct

--- 帖子 #936 ---
Gregben - just replied with questions!

--- 帖子 #937 ---
Thank you 9er. Would you kindly to post again the entry rule based on fractal, thanks.

--- 帖子 #938 ---
The hard and fast rule that I use for fractal entries: My favorite is the first fractal outside the alligators mouth. Once that fractal has formed, (for a buy stop), set buy stop at the high of the fractals candle plus 3 pips and a stop loss at the low of the fractals candle minus 3 pips (well 3 pips for me anyway, the rule is Buy stop + the spread + 1 pip)

Does that help?

--- 帖子 #939 ---
Just triggered in here. Anyone else see the nice symmetrical pyramid (ABC?) on the 15M

--- 帖子 #940 ---
Maybe to 127.0?

--- 帖子 #941 ---
Yes, thank you.

--- 帖子 #942 ---
Yes projection for 78.6 is 127.0

--- 帖子 #943 ---
Kind of hard to trade a sideways market. Market has stayed inside a 37 pip range today - a real SNORE fest. I thought yesterday was bad

--- 帖子 #944 ---
Well, well, well what do we have here? A complete ABCD at the 127? Made up for my losses and up 7 pips. Believe it will continue as this may be the breakout we have been looking for all day! I stepped away from PC because I just got REALLY bored. Set my TP at 127 and low and behold Gartley strikes again! KISS

--- 帖子 #945 ---
I set this trade at the low of the daily pivot (minus 3 pips) from the 1H. I've been away from the computer, was very nice to return to see my TP was hit again. Now up +18 for the day

2nd chart is what I see as B to C retrace, double bottom from the 50 fibo seems to confirm

--- 帖子 #946 ---
Doji's don't lie do they? Very important to download the word documents I posted up over the past 2 days. Read and familiarize yourself with candle formations. Read and familiarize yourself with Gartley

In today's world of systems and ratios, and fib levels, Pattern formations often get over looked. Systems get too damn complex and narrow your vision, Look at the charts and SEE what has been right in front of you since the first day you opened a trade station!. They are simple, they are there - JUST look.

Look at this doji formation and tell me I'm wrong

--- 帖子 #947 ---
The Daily: I still don't like the 5.0 butterfly here. Although it meets the parameters of the 5.0, it is small. X to A is comprised of 3 candles, A to B, also 3 candles. Like it or don't it is after all a 5.0.

With a 5.0, leg 3 to 4, usually comprises leg X to A of the next move. So if we have A to B established it should stand to reason that leg C to D should be drawn around the 127.0 area

If this holds true, I would expect resistance at the 1.30 level.

RSI is flat between the 40 and 50 a touch of the 40 (or a subsequent pierce) opens up bearish outlook

Today's Bias: Bearish

--- 帖子 #948 ---
sometimes 5:0 pattern is early sign that market will try re testing r/s ( A poin in your chart ). once failed to break A, she will go againts and break B point to D ( to form bearish BAT / Butterfly/ Crab ). but that's not a must.

Harmonian...called this BAMM schema. Bat Action Magnet Move and shark - 5:0 pattern - BAMM

imho

--- 帖子 #949 ---
High insight is 20/20. I really wish I had paid more attention to the doji on the 4H yesterday. That coupled with the fact that the doji also completed a mini ABCD (or sub-wave), should have sent alarms, bells and whistles off in my head.

That is the bad thing about this forum it makes you doubt yourself.

All of these turn key systems, hell even I browsed around yesterday "looking" for easy. I know better, easy doesn't exist! I know what works, and I know better. Lesson learned.

I digress - If my count is correct what we have on the 4h is the completion of X to A and B to C, with a beautiful little sub-wave in between (at leg 4 to 5 of the 5.0 butterfly).

Price retraced to the 61.8, currently sitting on 50. IF my count is correct on the 4H then we should see a Bull move to the 127 FIB (31584) area The AO confirms, RSI is no help.

Bias: Bullish, unless the 1.3056 area is broken

--- 帖子 #950 ---
The 1H, normally my favorite TF, is too flat to analyze I personally believe that the Bears are not finished but can't speculate beyond that.

Bias: Bearish on a whim

--- 帖子 #951 ---
helo 9er, seems you have back from your holiday. i also go on holiday too. hope you can share again, still have a lot to learn

--- 帖子 #952 ---
I couldn't agree with you more! Love it. In Lehman's terms, I call this, "It will go up or it will go down". Now we wait for price to tell US what it wants to do!

You have that coffee yet?

--- 帖子 #953 ---
Yes sir I am back. Participation is lacking just a little but that is cool. This style of trading isn't for everybody

--- 帖子 #954 ---
i got one already... need another cup of coffee dude hahhaaha

this what i see .reff to your last post. just imho

--- 帖子 #955 ---
Yeah the RSI is stuck between 40 and 50, which tells me the down move isn't finished yet. I still believe that 3056 is a good area to watch. If one wanted to be cautious, a break of the S1 (3045) may present a scalping opportunity at very least

--- 帖子 #956 ---
personally... i start seeing divergence using your AO

EDIT : not divergence ............... am sleepy. sorry

--- 帖子 #957 ---
On the 1H? The way I see the AO is that price and AO are in agreement. The way I understand the AO, When AO is below the zero line and price is moving down (forming new lows) the AO should also form new lows. Divergence occurs when price forms a new low the AO does not.

I suppose this could be speculated, but in my opinion price and AO are too sideways at the moment. I stick to the RSI when this happens. RSI hasn't touched or even looked at the 50 since 1400 GMT yesterday.

--- 帖子 #958 ---
upsssss sorry... my mistake !!! ... yap not divergence. i really need more coffee

this is what i mean i added lines on the chart ...( attached )

--- 帖子 #959 ---
See? I told you coffee is the most important tool! Yeah I see it now. That lower trend line, I'd be willing to bet it corresponds to the 3056 area!

--- 帖子 #960 ---
I'm gonna retain the conch and continue on my soapbox rant. I will re-attach and reiterate the importance of pattern recognition. Please reference the attached chart.

The inverted hammer (reference page 3 of attached word document) resulted in a 112 pip move, the RSI keeps you in this trade through every leg of the upward sub-wave.

Nothing complex, just a simple inverted hammer staring us all in the face, screaming "TRADE ME!". Did anyone see it? I saw it, but got caught up in other peoples speculation. It's simple, it's there and it is SCREAMING at us!

Ok so next, the fact that the RSI pushed above the 50 and went sideways was our que to look for a signal.

Enter the Doji (reference page 3 of the attachment) - so far 67 pips; RSI at 44, price approaching lower trend line. If you were to have entered at the bottom of the Doji your stop would be safe at 3082, you would have +20 locked in and waiting for the next down move.

My point is - why trade a system with complex rules and indicators that serve to only narrow your vision? The basics, pattern recognition, Gartley (for waves) and Bill Williams (for human chaos) is ALL you need. Everything else is NOISE that narrows your vision.

We fail because we need simplicity in the forex. We fail because we NEVER stick with what works, with what is time tested and proven over many, many years.

Clutter and noise = guaranteed failure

--- 帖子 #961 ---
how beauty she dances...

--- 帖子 #962 ---
Very nice!

--- 帖子 #963 ---
The indi hasn't painted it, but do I see a 5.0 Butterfly? I have a sell stop at 3062

--- 帖子 #964 ---
not sure also... but for me ..for 5:0 pattern ... PA should have a bit lower ( close around +/- last week low  ) first.
http://www.trade-forex-harmonic-patt...%20pattern.gif

hmmm but that;s just imho

--- 帖子 #965 ---
That is perfect and you beat me to the punch. Nicely spotted. I actually was getting ready to edit my last post in that the 3-4-5 points on the 5.0 may actually be A,B & C, making the 127 a pretty close target.

Price appears ready to go north anyway!

--- 帖子 #966 ---
buddy,

did u ever read about BAMM ? have u ever traded with it ? that's quite interesting.. we could trade from C to D and D to B .

--- 帖子 #967 ---
Never heard of it until you mentioned it - send me a PM with the details

--- 帖子 #968 ---
It appears for now that price is respecting the lower trend line

--- 帖子 #969 ---
PM u already. Actually already post it here too ( just click the hyperlink )

--- 帖子 #970 ---
Looks interesting. I'll look into it more, seems pretty new and at first glance seems to break every rule known to Gartley as far as ABCD patterns go. Maybe if they numbered the points rather than letter them.

Looks promising but goes against everything engrained in mind in what I know a butterfly to look like, whether it be a 5.0, bear or bull butterfly.

--- 帖子 #971 ---
Triggered in Short on the 1H at 3062

--- 帖子 #972 ---
Moved to BE target is +20, currently +10

--- 帖子 #973 ---
Closed at 3050 for +12 the 15M is giving me the hee bee jee bee's!

--- 帖子 #974 ---
I didn't take any trade yet today because my shiit connection....grrrr

--- 帖子 #975 ---
Just place the short @1.3049 with tight SL

edit : TP @1.3005

Move Sl to BE+1

--- 帖子 #976 ---
Wondering where you were! I took two short trades at 3062 - and another 3054 close both for +12 each

I only posted 1 of the trades - because there hasn't been much participation in here today -

--- 帖子 #977 ---
Heading to drop daughter off at school. See you in a bit

--- 帖子 #978 ---
Close it for +7 based on M15 candle

--- 帖子 #979 ---
yes lack of participant, just you and my budy iqyusan today. It's ok keep posting because i love to read your post

See M15, is it already oversold? but for H1 i think it can reach my target at 1.3005

--- 帖子 #980 ---
I will look for sell again if i see rejection at 200MA M30

For now I'm watching PA on M5

--- 帖子 #981 ---
See RSI (30-40) on H1 keep the price in bearish mode

--- 帖子 #982 ---
Bearish bat on USDX H1

--- 帖子 #983 ---
Yes I believe it could very well reach the 1.30 level. I posted that prediction early this morning! Good call. You exited that 15M waaay too early!

--- 帖子 #984 ---
You know I think I might just keep this thread open for traders just like you! Good too see someone is using this style! Great post NuNix

--- 帖子 #985 ---
Hey you change your avatar, is that real picture of you? I think you are 40-50 years old just like my father

--- 帖子 #986 ---
Closer to the 40 side - but thank you very much for noticing!

Did you catch the inverted hammer on the 4H?

Price bouncing right up off it!

--- 帖子 #987 ---
Nice to put a face to the person.  Glad you are back from vay-cay.  I watch alot. I don't post much at all because I want to have something to offer.  You can't transmit something you haven't got... LOL   Given time and learning all I can, I will contribute more as knowledge builds.  Thanks for all your effort and eveyone who contributes too.  Cheers everyone!

--- 帖子 #988 ---
Short @1.3069 just below 200MA on M30, too early but i see candle rejection & rsi over bought on M5

will close it if M5 PA said I'm in wrong position

--- 帖子 #989 ---
yes i see it and heading to 200MA

--- 帖子 #990 ---
Move SL @BE+1

and my SL is defended by 200MA and the mouth

--- 帖子 #991 ---
Damn nice trade set up NuNix

--- 帖子 #992 ---
There really hasn't been much participation, so I am going to fore go my Daily Bias Analysis. It is very time consuming and seems to be falling on deaf ears anyway.

I will continue to post trade setups for the time being, but I fear those may even come to a stop soon enough. I can only talk to myself so much

The only two other participants Nunix Iqyuan seem to be pretty solid traders anyway.

I trade pretty successfully on my own as it is, I thought I could pass some knowledge on, but people seem to want the easy "turn-key" systems.

I'll finish out this week - and will see what next week brings. No worries - I'm a pretty content individual who can account for circumstance, and I realize this style of trading isn't for everybody!

I'll post trades as I see them setup today, tomorrow and possibly next week - (not sure, we'll see)

--- 帖子 #993 ---
Those are very sad news, but I understand what you say. To be honest, I don't understand why people is not participating the way they should. I personally don't do it because I'm too new at this and feel that I wouldn't bring anything interesting.

Your style is something great and I felt a huge respect and admiration for you from the very moment you opened this thread. I hope I can enter here later and catch up on your style!

Thanks for all the effort you've been putting to all this!

--- 帖子 #994 ---
You don't have to contribute - you can ask questions, post charts. My intention for this thread is to teach a style and break the mind set that one must be on the constant lookout for a turnkey system. There is already a turn-key system it's called : Human Chaos and it will never, ever, ever change

Gartley, Bill Williams and pattern recognition is really all you need.

I just bought my second house and I haven't been employed in 3 years. All I do is what I show in this thread. Granted most people need more than 10 pips a trade - I did too when I started, but before I became unemployed (lost my job) I traded slowly, learned to be happy with 10 pips, learned to be patient once a trade closed and after a while it paid off

Here are my trades for this week:

Monday +7 pips (1 trade)

Tuesday +18 (5 trades 3 winners, 2 consecutive losers)

Wednesday +30 (3 trades, 3 winners)

+55 for the week

It seems like small amounts, but you stick to it, it all adds up at the end of the week - do it week in and week out and trust me, before you know it your account balance is higher than it has ever been!

If I can get some people to show a little more interest - I will stick around. But I see the same behaviour as I used to have. If it wasn't turn-key and simple it wasn't for me. It was that exact mentality that blew my account over and over again.

I read Bill Williams Books, applied myself, stumbled across gartley, studied pattern recognition, pinned my ears back and took one damn trade at a time, changed my daily goal from 50 pips to 10 (oh and I stopped coming to this forum because of all the know-it-all's, changing my perception), and my life changed.

--- 帖子 #995 ---
Hello 9er and thank you for your thoughts and wisdom. Those are really amazing results for the week. We certainlly can learn not only a style from you but also, from your experience - at least in my case - avoid to be looking/changing for those turnkey systems.

--- 帖子 #996 ---
Here is my trading plan today.

I always look for daily tf for the bias

D1: -price bellow weekly pivot : bearish

-AO bellow 0 and read : bearish

-RSI below 50 and heding to 40 : bearish

conclusion: Bearish biash for today

Move to lower tf for entry

M15 : -price enter the mouth and reach 38.2% of yesterday NY range and rejected

-I set sell limit bellow 38.2% and triggered

-now I'm in +6

I'm watching PA on M5 now, will close this if I see the baby bull has been born (don't care if it's in red or green pips). The important thing is i will never let my loses get big because of my emotion on this bearish bias.

--- 帖子 #997 ---
Perfect Nunix! Thank you!

--- 帖子 #998 ---
I currently have a sell stop in at 30317 - but am leary because price is sitting on the lower trend line in the daily chart. I will edit the stop to 3 pips below yesterday's low (love daily high/low breaks as well)

--- 帖子 #999 ---
Nu Nix, like your daily bias work.  Thank you.

9er, your work does not go un-appreciated.  Trading is pretty solitary unless your at a prop desk with 50 other traders.  I had been a contractor for 20+ years... then the phone stopped ringing and no body was building a thing, unless you were working for free.  I got serious about day and swing trading stocks.  I was doing quite well.  Made a mistake on one trade and cost me a pant load.  I wanted to gain it back in a hurry, but how?

I had a wealthy client that was candid with me about his career in options... he wrote a a few books, owned a brokerage and one day I asked him if I could get involved in options etc.  ( you should have seen his house !!!!) He asked how much I had to invest.  This was '98 and I was getting divorced so $5,000.00 was a good amount at the time.  He said put in a mutual fund.

I asked him how much he made today trading options?  He said, " I really don't do much in options anymore. I trade currency" , "Well how much did you make today?"   He said " $70,000.00"

I've been trading forex for 1 1/2 years now.    Doubled up 2x making 10 pips a day... (Strategy 10, Rob Booker changed my life).  Had string of losses with high leverage , then over traded to rebuild account and went off the rails. Confidence was shaken but recoving bit by bit.   Well, thats my little story... slow and steady 10 pips a day can bring your an absoule great life.  Peace

--- 帖子 #1000 ---
Are we seeing an ABCD from the 5.0? Could the 127.0 (2965) be our target area? Seems like the RSI is content bouncing between 40 and 50? Sell stop still in place (3031)

--- 帖子 #1001 ---
1H is trading within slightly narrowing descending wedge channel, has touched upper trend line. Pretty significant news day today

--- 帖子 #1002 ---
from this link : here

the evolution after shark is 5:0 pattern. from 5:0 pattern we could go to potential C point.. if low not broken...she could go back to the upside and broken B point to get D :>>> BAMM

personally : never sure but let's try and see ..

--- 帖子 #1003 ---
Or Maybe what we have, as I have grown accustomed to is X to A to B and C retrace to 78.6. There have been no new lows since yesterday's inverted hammer?

--- 帖子 #1004 ---
keep on eyed closely buddy... your AO is green and RSI is pointing up aniway...

skip that for a while... look at this boy......

Inserted Video

amazingggggg !!!!!!!!!!

--- 帖子 #1005 ---
Like this, AO is narrowing and YES RSI is pointing up

--- 帖子 #1006 ---
My daughter plays Guitar - can't wait to show that to her. Pretty amazing!

--- 帖子 #1007 ---
Be curious to see how this candle closes

--- 帖子 #1008 ---
did not see it accurately but it seems like a gartley .. isn't it ? well BAMM is referring to BAT ( BAMM : BAT Action Magnet Move )

could be D is higher for BAMM. my imho

--- 帖子 #1009 ---
he is inspiring !!

--- 帖子 #1010 ---
You could be right - I didn't apply any logic to the drawing - just drew it manually!

--- 帖子 #1011 ---
GU ( 4H ) :

she has lower low and is trying to move UP, if she make it. pattern should be anctipated is shark

--- 帖子 #1012 ---
Well 30 minutes into the next candle and she appears to respect the hourly upper trend line. AO is still decreasing though

--- 帖子 #1013 ---
Hi 9er,Not long home from work to find all my charts had disappeared off both my trading platforms. The internet was off so I can only imagine that had something to do with it.Spent an hour reloading all my charts. Thank heaven for templates.Sorry to hear your becoming a bit bearish with regards the forum, but I am sure there are plenty of traders out there like me who sit back and take in and digest the information you present to us. It would be sad to see it end.As you know I trade my own method, but that has not stopped me from trying to increase my knowledge and broaden my trading experience by studying what successful traders like yourself do.Keep up the good work.Greg

--- 帖子 #1014 ---
I am sorry did not see this post previously. Good story! Strategy 10, Rob Booker - wow I've never mentioned the book here, but his book is exactly why I started trading 10 pips a day. That was the best .99 cents I've ever spent on a forex book (Kindle). Was very easy to read and I actually still use some of his methodology today!

Thanks for sharing!

--- 帖子 #1015 ---
Greg - sorry to hear about your platform. yes templates are very handy. no worries I am not completely sold on ending it yet. I discourage easily. I sit here at my desk, family is asleep and I literally have no one to engage conversation, well except my dog, and she just isn't very in tune to forex trading yet!

If there is conversation to be had, or positive dialogue I'll be around for years to come! It's that my mentality is if I put time into posting a chart, marking it up and it seems to bear no fruit, it feels wasted, you know? Like the bite isn't worth the chew? Why do it if the response to it is dead silence? I get enough of that now as it is - well with the exception of key's "tacking' away from my keyboard

I'm not here to challenge anyone, or flaunt knowledge, just send a message that Forex trading is what you make it. You want to fail? Keep searching for turn key. You want to succeed? Then THINK for yourself, find the setups on your own, create your own trading rules and stick to them.

using someone's "turn-key" system is the same as punching a clock IMO. Bill Williams books are what gave me this mentality. his indicators are powerful - all one needs to do is apply themself and read the book!

--- 帖子 #1016 ---
http://images.zap2it.com/images/tv-E...amm-bamm-7.jpg

http://www.forexfactory.com/attachme...6&d=1357810713

--- 帖子 #1017 ---
go ... go... go...

u can make it go ....

--- 帖子 #1018 ---
Just triggered in long here. Was marking up the chart when it triggered. My reasoning here is in anticipation of the AO crosing the zero line.

i've learned in the past that the AO lags a bit and to properly catch that zero line cross anticipation is needed. Doing this can be risky and lot size should be considered carefully.

This is MY rule not Bill Williams!

--- 帖子 #1019 ---
Already traded yesterday's volume.

--- 帖子 #1020 ---
At BE - maybe a little premature but the risk is gone

--- 帖子 #1021 ---
about lot size... i remember my old post ( a screen capture from one of harmonic site )  and hurst exponent

http://www.forexfactory.com/attachme...8&d=1357457251

--- 帖子 #1022 ---
Great input thank you

--- 帖子 #1023 ---
i am on the same trade. set my sl at BE +5

--- 帖子 #1024 ---
I'm at BE +.01 (5 digit broker) - let's hope this is a nice move!

--- 帖子 #1025 ---
+10 and AO popped right on over - see how that works? Anticipate that baby! I'm locked in on my daily goal now and will wait this baby out

--- 帖子 #1026 ---
should be a correction first before further move..... ( may beeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee  )

--- 帖子 #1027 ---
Believe you may be right

--- 帖子 #1028 ---
DAMMIT forgot to move TP, stepped away and got taken out +20

--- 帖子 #1029 ---
+20 still a good trade. move SL to +15. the movement seems good. no correction until now

--- 帖子 #1030 ---
Yeah the correction seems minimal - approaching where the correction started

--- 帖子 #1031 ---
9er, do you give any consideration to making a trade when the RSI hitting 50 and reverses?

--- 帖子 #1032 ---
Almost never Robert. When the RSI hits the 50 and reverses (especially if it's has been below or above the 50 for a period of time) simply helps me stay in a trade - if i am in one - or confirms that price is continuing the same direction. The only time I use the RSI for confirmation is when it is showing over bought or over sold (30 or 70 area).

make sense?

--- 帖子 #1033 ---
Yes it does. Thanks for your response.

--- 帖子 #1034 ---
Now I am really pissed my trade closed

--- 帖子 #1035 ---
1330 (GMT)USD Unemployment Claims

--- 帖子 #1036 ---
Price at the 200 on the 1H chart

--- 帖子 #1037 ---
Draghi loves to stir the Euro zone doesn't he?

--- 帖子 #1038 ---
do you really place your sell stop there? the price should be hit and it now flying to the sky

--- 帖子 #1039 ---
No - I actually deleted it and placed a buy stop at 3 pips above the 200 (took 10 pips). PA has been moving so fast I didn't get a chance to post the chart. With the negative US jobless claims and Draghi's speech - I knew it would sky rocket

--- 帖子 #1040 ---
Does anyone else get the news releases on MT4? IBFX posts economic comments that draghi is making - makes it fun to watch the PA. I can keep my music on, and not have to listen to the conference

--- 帖子 #1041 ---
Gotta head out. Two trades +30 for the day (+85 for the week) - I am happy. Got school delivery duties and with the EU going crazy stupid I hate watching when I am powerless to trade. Be back later

--- 帖子 #1042 ---
"Market Talk: Draghi comments set the EU up for another test of 1.33"

--- 帖子 #1043 ---
Beautiful Gartley Butterfly on the 1H

ok gotta run everyone screaming at me!

--- 帖子 #1044 ---
vahn iqyusan what is your internet provider? I use speedy and always lost connection when raining, you know it's always rain at London and US session here in jakarta.

F**k I miss the trade when super mario speak

well i will wait the retracement to get in......

--- 帖子 #1045 ---
Looks like big move has ended and today high has been reached...try to get some pips from this retracement

SL 7 pips just above the high, will be red trade for me today...lol

--- 帖子 #1046 ---
Aahh I'm too scare, just close it for +6

--- 帖子 #1047 ---
and switch to long position...+9 now, move SL to BE+1

--- 帖子 #1048 ---
+18 now...move SL to BE+10

Looks like daily is heading to R1 weekly @1.3254, will be 200 trading range today if it's true....

Edit : +29 now..Move SL to BE+20

--- 帖子 #1049 ---
+26 green pips today. Normally I targeting 60-100 pips when Draghi speaks.....grrrrr this lost connection made me angry, need a cup of coffee and cigarette now....still watching PA to get in again

--- 帖子 #1050 ---
Was a good thing you got out of that short. I had a pending short right before super mario spoke. Then the negative US economic and the ECB, i deleted it, set a buy 3 pips over the 200 +10 TP, went outside to have a smoke came back and it was closed. I netted +30 today and am plenty happy!

Good job brother

--- 帖子 #1051 ---
yes +26 is good one, but i still disappointed. I use bigger lot when this moment happen, I love when Draghi speaks, he help me to double up my equity. Yes will wait it again next time when he speaks again

It's 11.00 pm now here, good night.....

--- 帖子 #1052 ---
Hey, what made you switch to a long position? Just the green candle?

Good job btw!

--- 帖子 #1053 ---
I'm enjoying your thread, 9er, it would be a shame to see an honest and successful trader, such as yourself, give up on it - there are too few of your kind herein. Hopefully aspiring traders will find your thread, appreciate its worth, learn, succeed and make all your efforts worthwhile. Please do continue...

--- 帖子 #1054 ---
Fear to lose and back to history when this news release, trading range can be 200. when i switch to long it' just 160...this is the power of Draghi

--- 帖子 #1055 ---
Morning guys

I short here based on H1. AO turn red and RSI overbought. hope price will back to 3180 before break the 3300...Upss don't hope in forex

--- 帖子 #1056 ---
Q.  How long and heavely do you think the bulls will defend 1.3250?

A. Til the money runs out.

B. Til Asia closes.

C. Til a fat finger order brings it all back to 1.3000

--- 帖子 #1057 ---
excuse me 3250 or 3150 sir?

I think we will see 3215/25 in Asia session

--- 帖子 #1058 ---
http://folkonfolks.com/wp-content/up...yamenhazem.jpg

Inserted Video

--- 帖子 #1059 ---
If the "bat" fails.  Then we are looking at a possible "crab" and price could/would be higher. IMHO.

3250 is a nice defense point... so the bulls might bring us higher from there.  I tend to be a contrarian, so I a plan for the upside and downside just to be be prudent.

--- 帖子 #1060 ---
Thank you Snorm, knowing what I know about your schedule, it's a real pleasure that you took time to post in here at all! Appreciate the words!

--- 帖子 #1061 ---
My interpretation of yesterday's move had very little to do with Bull's and everything to do with human emotion, a benefit that both the bulls and the bears use to their advantage.

If you look at the daily TF, notice the AO? Despite the almost record setting day, there was very little impact on the AO. Usually a move like that will flip the AO on its ear.

This tells me (and of course my opinion only) that upside momentum (the AO) while there - is slowing. The AO crossed the zero line today, but I believe after yesterday today will be quiet. I hope I am wrong cause I had a blast trading yesterday!

--- 帖子 #1062 ---
I couldn't stay off the PC yesterday. Before I went to bed, I checked the EU. Price seemed as though it was slowing. I placed a "buy stop" at 32255 and went to bed.

Woke up, got my coffee and checked what happened - Was very nice to see that while I slept I put 50 pips in the bank.

I just knew that despite the Gartley pattern, human emotion (Chaos) was the predominant PA and price would continue north with very little retrace (at least during NY session anyway.)

THAT trade is Bill Williams rule. He says it and it will never change: Chaos Rules

--- 帖子 #1063 ---
this is what i am gonna anticipate...

http://www.trade-forex-harmonic-patt...hark-bu-be.gif

Inserted Video

--- 帖子 #1064 ---
Today should see some semblance of a return to the norm. Usually after an emotional day, the following trading session is pretty slow, plus today is Friday, a notoriously slow day anyway

--- 帖子 #1065 ---
You know until I read your post I really never considered trading during ECB. I suppose if done properly on could do quite well. I'm now looking forward to the next ECB conference. Maybe you could share some of your insight as to how you trade that wild conference!

--- 帖子 #1066 ---
Agreeded

--- 帖子 #1067 ---
Nicely spoken. I think it wise for all of us to be contrarian with Forex markets!

--- 帖子 #1068 ---
.

--- 帖子 #1069 ---
If there is continuing upswing today - keep an eye out for the 3298 (1.33) area. Not only is 1.33 psycho, it also represents a double top formation from Jan 2nd's high of 3298.

Personally, I would actually prefer for price to go to this level first (only 45 pips away). But as I am a trained skeptic and every indicator I own is screaming over bought, the inverted hammer from a few hours ago is very small, it is after all an inverted hammer.

I set a sell stop at the low of the hanging man candle that occured at 1800 GMT (10 hours ago) minus 3 pips

One thing that really hasn't been brought up here that I often favor are candle "high/low" breaks. High low breaks can be very powerful, because as you know they also represent support and resistance areas.

A hanging man normally (by itself) presents a reversal opportunity. Given the nature of the human chaos that occured yesterday it was ignored. Like the small inverted hammer, it is after all a hanging man that I cannot ignore (at least not from the 1H perspective)

--- 帖子 #1070 ---
Close the short for +6.

I think USDX ready to bounce from the mouth heading to 70. Normally with this wide range up bar comes seller, but this is Friday....

Long @3260 SL-20...like you said "what's life without few risk"

--- 帖子 #1071 ---
I am impressed that you even trade the USDX - I've never even considered it

--- 帖子 #1072 ---
Just a tool to help me made a decision

--- 帖子 #1073 ---
Here is my thesis.  But, hey what do I know?  Any comments would be great!!!  AS LONG AS YOU AGREE

No, really just let me know what you think.

--- 帖子 #1074 ---
yes i agree, you happy now?

3300 is a magnet, price want to kiss it, just like a hot girl

--- 帖子 #1075 ---
i dont like hot girl... i like horny girl

--- 帖子 #1076 ---
Your premise is sound. Keeping in mind that 1.33 is double top, news is on the weak side, I would need to see a break of 1.33 in the lower TF's (1H 4H) before I can consider a long.

Are you familiar with Bill Williams "Angulation"? The angle with which price crosses the alligators mouth is steep. Compare that with the middle of the alligators mouth and you have angulation (room for retrace)

The rule for angulation is you draw a line from where price crosses the mouth to where price peaks out at. Then draw another line from where price crosses the mouth, to the opening of the mouth and you have classic Bill Williams "angulation"

I do believe and hope that we see a test of the 1.33 because this is a "key area" to watch for.

See chart the angulation is almost a complete right angle (90 degrees)

But as I say in Lehmen's term's "It'll go up or it'll go down" it's how we choose to dance with it that is important

--- 帖子 #1077 ---
Thats too funny.

--- 帖子 #1078 ---
Have not finished New Trading Dimmensions yet.  I have a 3 year old in the house.... my time is not my own unless I'm trading.

I would not enter long based sole ley on the DAILY.  I trade intraday.... so LTF are critical, but if the Daily is speaking loudly... I will listen...

I gotta go get some shut eye.  I rise early.   I like your schedule... but the isolation ... thats tough...

I gotta get better at setting some alerts so I can have a life!!!!

--- 帖子 #1079 ---
Couldn't agree more!

--- 帖子 #1080 ---
http://www.forexfactory.com/attachme...5&d=1357886788.

--- 帖子 #1081 ---
Great chart my man!

--- 帖子 #1082 ---
Wonder if this is going to be our range today? Anyone notice the divergence shaping up on the AO? RSI at 72 (been AT or above 70 for 8 consecutive candles now)

Edit: Scratch that: 20 Consecutive bars

--- 帖子 #1083 ---
I cautiously placed a buy stop at the high of the inverted candle and was just triggered in,

--- 帖子 #1084 ---
Which it looks like I am going to end up regretting. I went in at half the lot size I normally do - so no biggie

--- 帖子 #1085 ---
Well it is official now from the 1H we have divergence with the AO (Price formed new high, AO did not)

--- 帖子 #1086 ---
Lol my SL missed just by 1 point....and price always rejected when touch 200MA M5

--- 帖子 #1087 ---
Wish I would have gotten in when you did!

--- 帖子 #1088 ---
Price is stuck in that range. Too much uncertainity. Although there are 3 and working on a 4th consecutive candle not making new lows

--- 帖子 #1089 ---
looks like this time my SL will be touched

--- 帖子 #1090 ---
Ah - hang tight - I could be wrong here, but I'm still expecting a test of the 1.33

--- 帖子 #1091 ---
nice slightly bullish engulfing on the 5M

--- 帖子 #1092 ---
Although the AO doesn't look like any help

--- 帖子 #1093 ---
9er,As you said in an earlier post, PA action is normally fairly quiet after a large movement day. How right you were. As stated in email I think price will drop a little before another upward thrust. Watch my hourly template for price to bounce off green ema.Greg

--- 帖子 #1094 ---
I fear this trade is doomed. Have a sell stop set outside the zone and below the SL

--- 帖子 #1095 ---
I believe you might be right - just need to be in position to capture whatever move decides to happen. yes it is slow today and it's Friday with really no significant news

--- 帖子 #1096 ---
SL hit. +7 today...

Long again @3261 based on trendline rejection on M5, SL @3244...

Will leave my PC for 3 hours, I have set sell stop @3239, maximum lose i can accept a day is -30, so i will set my SL@-20 in this short position

--- 帖子 #1097 ---
I hear my gut - I have my intuition - why don't I listen? Stopped out - surprise surprise, glad i went small!

--- 帖子 #1098 ---
Still a pretty small range (37 pips). AO and price are agreeing on direction though - maybe at some point we get a nice zero line cross like yesterday

--- 帖子 #1099 ---
I missed the boat on this one - wish I hadn't kept that stop so close. Thank you US negative economic news

--- 帖子 #1100 ---
Come back and see today's low 3 pip just above my SL, how lucky me....

+80 now will hold it because USDX has break previous low, AO H1 turn green, RSI on gold heading to 60 and looks like gold also want to break previous high....

Here is the great one...I have 3 long order in my live account and now +180, SL already move to +100,..ohh what a lucky day

--- 帖子 #1101 ---
Very nice trading NuNix!

--- 帖子 #1102 ---
cool!

--- 帖子 #1103 ---
Running to school - see you laters! Have a great weekend!

--- 帖子 #1104 ---
Dang !  Euro is on an elevator ride.. To the moon Alice.... to the moon - Ralph Cramden

--- 帖子 #1105 ---
Looks like today high has been decided @1.3365, close all my trade...

Live result : +214

Demo : +108

Happy weekend !!!!!

--- 帖子 #1106 ---
Just lucky my man

--- 帖子 #1107 ---
Yeah Draghi is so cool...Lol

--- 帖子 #1108 ---
Nice Trade .... Not luck... you pulled the trigger.

--- 帖子 #1109 ---
Got some nice divergence going on that 1H

--- 帖子 #1110 ---
Damn, I still want to trade at the moment....want to short at H1 candle close....my greedy

--- 帖子 #1111 ---
Take your pips! Enjoy your weekend! I am out of here!

--- 帖子 #1112 ---
Have a good weekend as well  !

--- 帖子 #1113 ---
Yes short triggered at candle close...

I don't know what is correlation between gold and EU, just see gold drop, might be EU will follow...

Would be interesting if today close is inverse hammer....

edit : +9 now move SL to BE+1

--- 帖子 #1114 ---
I'm greedy my brother....I take the short now, this is my last trade today, I promise you

--- 帖子 #1115 ---
thanks for the thread 9er.

--- 帖子 #1116 ---
I enjoy reading about you guys trades~ ! Keep it up

--- 帖子 #1117 ---
Anytime

--- 帖子 #1118 ---
.

--- 帖子 #1119 ---
Very informative post. I learned something new today and I haven't even started trading yet! Thank you!

--- 帖子 #1120 ---
The AO on the 1H is in divergence with price. I did anticipate the kicker but thought it would be down. Will the kicker be filled. I am cautiously waiting to see.

How about those Niners? Was a great football weekend!

--- 帖子 #1121 ---
Could the bearish divergence sigal be cancelled out due to the upswing being based upon the speech given last week?

The Texans got their fannies kicked again by New England. That was to be expected.

--- 帖子 #1122 ---
G night, morning and day every one ...

my personal view

am flat. just closed TP eu at 3250 and 3350. now position is waiting for double bearish pattern ( abcd and deep  crab ) in eu meanwhile maintaining my long in GU

--- 帖子 #1123 ---
This week I am going to add to my trading arsenal an advanced version of the AO. I found it while brosing the internet this weekend. I don't usually get excited about finding systems or indicators on the internet, but this one caught my attention as it uses elliot waves based on the AO (paints them).

I am going to demo trade the indicator and post the trades as they setup. I applied the indicator to to the EU, GU, GJ and AJ and i must admit I do like what I saw. But we shall see this week.

If my postings are on the light side this week it is because I am trying to get my head around elliot waves as I have relied on the AO far too long and atrophied my knowledge of the elliot wave - time to hit the gym!

--- 帖子 #1124 ---
plus add pitcfhfork channel will be much better bud...

--- 帖子 #1125 ---
Brick by brick

--- 帖子 #1126 ---
Looks intersting!!!

--- 帖子 #1127 ---
Yeah it has me looking at the charts in a different light - but time will tell

--- 帖子 #1128 ---
Well disregard that link. It won't allow me to sign up for the free account?? Frusterating!

Believe you'll see many of these principals in this thread. This link might be a good place to start
http://www.tradersdaytrading.com/ell...rnational.html

--- 帖子 #1129 ---
Well I gotta say, your work here has me looking at charts in a different light too.  I did'nt use harmonics until the past couple of weeks now I'm like one of the other guys posting in here... " I don't often trade the markets... but when I do.... I prefer harmonics."

LMAO... I love those commercials.

--- 帖子 #1130 ---
Here's a wiki: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Elliott_wave_principle

--- 帖子 #1131 ---
I subscibed to their link a year or so ago... at the time I was happy with my strategy and did'nt delve into it... It's worth a second look... Jamie Saetlle @ Daily FX is elliott guru.  Have you ever benn to Las Vegas to the FXCM expo... lots of excellent instructor... most of their presentations are no charge

--- 帖子 #1132 ---
Sell stop based on AO RSI and the kicker that "needs" to be filled

The daily has painted the back half of an ABCD in the up channel - maybe a move south?

--- 帖子 #1133 ---
my interest in ew when collaborating it with harmonic to trade BAMM. other word...trading leg 3 in ew... trade from bottom of leg 2 to top ( around ) of leg 3 .

leg 3 is well known as the longest wave after impulse ( wave 1 ) and its correction ( wave 2 )

--- 帖子 #1134 ---
And I am triggered in

--- 帖子 #1135 ---
Very interesting - keep that knowledge pouring in!

--- 帖子 #1136 ---
here we go: http://stockcharts.com/school/doku.p...tt_wave_theory Complete with pretty pictures and explanations

--- 帖子 #1137 ---
Great!

--- 帖子 #1138 ---
here is why i like trade from 2 to 3... ( longest wave )

harmonian call this BAMM ( trade from C to D ). and most EW trader....love to trade leg 3 ( trade from 2 to 3 )  .... and pitchfork trader like to trade once triggerline broken ( pitchfork : here ) .

http://stockcharts.com/school/data/m...-7-rdctrig.png

***

there is lot of trigger line in my chart actually.. but for example.. i only draw one line...( pitchfork not drawn in detail there )

--- 帖子 #1139 ---
Stumbled across this indicator. Pretty basic but seems ok

--- 帖子 #1140 ---
hmm there is gap in your broker ...

--- 帖子 #1141 ---
waiting for short setup in ausie and kiwi.

waiting for C confirmation - BAMM there

--- 帖子 #1142 ---
Yeah I posted that earlier. not in yours?

--- 帖子 #1143 ---
mine is relative small ...less than 10 pips. i think your broker has more than 10 pips. about 15-20 pips ?

--- 帖子 #1144 ---
yeah 25 pips

--- 帖子 #1145 ---
I love it when you can find an example that can be applied to an immediate chart. So if the premise of the example is correct - then we should see a correction to C (ABC)? Per the example

--- 帖子 #1146 ---
AT BE

--- 帖子 #1147 ---
Locked in +5 on this. If the premise of the 5 wave is correct and I get taken out, will look for re-entry in the ensuing ABC?

--- 帖子 #1148 ---
5M pierced the 200 RSI below 30 may see correction on this TF?

--- 帖子 #1149 ---
waiting for bulllish shark in m15/30 - GU to add another long position . seems after breaking friday's low ... but that's IF also

--- 帖子 #1150 ---
If the divergence to the AO is sound and I have a trade which I entered as a result of it; I usually like to stay in the trade "with the AO".

Meaning once I have locked in profit - I like to stay in the trade and trail my stop until the AO crosses the zero line. Can't tell you how many times my trailing stop gets taken out, but if it works to our benefit - the move usually generates 40 to 60 pips or higher (currently at +20)

--- 帖子 #1151 ---
Lower TL broken for now

--- 帖子 #1152 ---
5M still messing below the 200. I do like the down fractal that formed, telling me that potentially price will continue down?

--- 帖子 #1153 ---
time for decision making ...............

--- 帖子 #1154 ---
Are we going down to 1.3248 ?

BE+1 of course

--- 帖子 #1155 ---
Hey bro...what is your opinion about UJ?

I'm trying to add UJ to my trading instrument list....

--- 帖子 #1156 ---
I am hoping for pretty close to the 3246 based on the correction ABC of the 5 wave?

--- 帖子 #1157 ---
grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh UJ

too much driven by speech......... just wait for abe .................

they want lower lower and lower to boost their export

--- 帖子 #1158 ---
Correction pierced the 61.8, bearish gartley painted - my stop is JUUUUST below the 78.6

--- 帖子 #1159 ---
I don't know how to count the wave correctly, it's to complicated

but i believe to count the correct wave is also based on fibonacci ratio....

--- 帖子 #1160 ---
IF, big IF: the low of the previous candle is A of the ABC correction, then price just touched the 50.0 (took out my stop) will look for re-entry short or beak of today's high for a long

--- 帖子 #1161 ---
My SL triggered....+1 for today

UJ still alive...+10 now BE+1

--- 帖子 #1162 ---
And AO

--- 帖子 #1163 ---
5M now at the 78.6 of the X to A leg in the gartley

--- 帖子 #1164 ---
looking for 1.0475-1.05 - aussie

could be a dream only ...

--- 帖子 #1165 ---
when you will short? when the hourly candle close bellow 50 or break the previous low?

--- 帖子 #1166 ---
Sell stop in at 33443 (3 pips below down fractal candle) on the 5M

--- 帖子 #1167 ---
Inserted Video

http://platinumpapers.com/wallpapers...ee-390x219.jpg

--- 帖子 #1168 ---
If the low candle represents A then the retrace is at 78.6. The way I see it we have until the high of what I think is "5" before the correction move is validated or ignored.

if ignored (today's high exceeded), the divergence from the AO still cannot be ignored and as such the count reset to show a "new" 5 leg completion, then another correction can be assumed (ABC)

I have deleted all buy and sell stops (despite what the charts below show). I am back on the fence

--- 帖子 #1169 ---
still flat in euro...

am just IN ( short )  in ausie...... and maintaining GU - Long

--- 帖子 #1170 ---
I'm in...short EU based on M15

UJ still alive +20 now

--- 帖子 #1171 ---
So far rejection at 78.6 on 1H. long term I think what I previously stated was A, was NOT A. price is looking to drop away from rising channel. Depending on the candle formation of the 1H I may enter sell stop at it's low

--- 帖子 #1172 ---
praying that market will be bearish first........ am waiting at the bottom for this buddy...

--- 帖子 #1173 ---
EU +9

UJ +20

btw already winning trade...All order @BE+1

Are you ever read the "Building an equity milliped thread by pipEASY". I want to try that style, 80% order hit at BE...20% order alive and close with a huge pips.....

--- 帖子 #1174 ---
start seeing multiple bullish pattern down there ....

bullish shark with early ratio at the moment ...

looking other pattern that providing higher reward risk ratio ...

--- 帖子 #1175 ---
baby gartley..bullish shark...& abcd pattern

--- 帖子 #1176 ---
Missed the boat on this one. Anyone else see the ABCD pattern shaping up on the 15M. My sell stop is at the low of the most recent fractal candle (3354), hope to catch the move from there to the 127 fibo

--- 帖子 #1177 ---
And we are in

--- 帖子 #1178 ---
I catch the boat, but didn't see the ABCD formation...just see the bearish candle formation in the circle line

--- 帖子 #1179 ---
I really must learn to stay by my PC when a trade opens. Hit TP +18 (+23 for the day)

Notice what just painted?

--- 帖子 #1180 ---
yes the formation as well! Well spotted

--- 帖子 #1181 ---
Well I guess I am glad that my TP was hit. Gotta love those ABCD patterns

--- 帖子 #1182 ---
Could it be that from an elliot perspective we have seen the correction to A of the ABC correction of the 8 wave cycle? This is how I see it if I have counted properly - anyone?

--- 帖子 #1183 ---
I've amended the count. What I previously showed as A was subwave (iii). The ABC correction won't (shouldn't) begin until sub-wave (v) completes. like anything all these levels are key fibo areas.

Corrected chart attached

--- 帖子 #1184 ---
gartley on uptrend channel..

--- 帖子 #1185 ---
Gonna leave the chart marked up like this - see how it plays out.

Once you can lock in a proper count - you can use the Elliot wave to keep you out of false signals.

Look at the pinbar (red arrow above it). Without knowing that price has started a sub-wave (i) of (v) here, one might look to enter short on the pinbar based on the AO divergence and you can see you would be stopped out

Knowing that price is still in a pretty sharp uptrend - you could see that the pinbar corresponds to the beginning a 5 wave sub from leg 4 to 5 - moving up (while showing divergence the entire time)

Once leg 5 paints, the AO still divergent, even though the subsequent bars are small - I needed to enter at 3383

refer to the elliot wave example. now we are in a 5 wave sub moving down to form i,ii,iii,iv,v to form the basic 3 wave ABC correction and complete the 8 wave cycle moving down to the beginning of Bigger Wave II

More to follow

--- 帖子 #1186 ---
morning every1

http://minorpostcards.fi/wp-content/...taa-kahvia.jpg

--- 帖子 #1187 ---
Ahhhhhh - that first sip of the first cup is the best 5 seconds of my day!

--- 帖子 #1188 ---
hahhaha....how is the day there bud ?

here is rainy in my hometown.............grrrrrrhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh

--- 帖子 #1189 ---
Cold, cold cold! But I love the cold weather

--- 帖子 #1190 ---
Reference the elliot wave and how it progressed overnight. I placed a sell stop at 3353 (sub-wave ii), at first I had TP+10 but changed it. High insight  is 20/20 - I wish I had just kept it there - I would have already banked those +10. Anyway the way I see it is sub-wave iv has formed and now on to sub-wave v.

I've set an add on trade at the low of sub-wave iii (33297). If the count is correct a new low should be formed after breaking sub-wave iii low. We shall see

--- 帖子 #1191 ---
9er, thanks for heaps of information here in your thread. Sure many people do not post but absorb information you show.

Just was having a look at EU weekly chart  using your template.

According to it, we have way to go up....

Many pips on the way !

--- 帖子 #1192 ---
Too right you are - but it is the weekly - and it is approaching the 200! I stick to the smaller time frames - although I do look at the weekly from time to time!

Thank you for the post

--- 帖子 #1193 ---
AO still has not crossed the zero line - RSI is flat below the 50. Believe the elliot wave count is holding true

--- 帖子 #1194 ---
S1 next obstacle

--- 帖子 #1195 ---
Doubting myself now. I have deleted the add-on sell stop and moved TP to +10

--- 帖子 #1196 ---
whatever profit is profit .......... congrats dudeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee

am still away from euro... still maintaining GU and AU buddy...

--- 帖子 #1197 ---
here's the reasoning for my doubt - according to the elliot wave rules, whether impulse or corrective, wave 3 (iii) cannot be the shortest wave. My original count had leg (iii) as the shortest wave. I have adjusted the count (as I assume you must). If this is true we should see a move to 3320.

I do not like how the current 1h candle is shaping up

--- 帖子 #1198 ---
Haven't gotten there yet!

--- 帖子 #1199 ---
The 5M and 15M have painted patterns and the 15m is approaching the 200

--- 帖子 #1200 ---
seems to  re test 3300... or last month high . broke this area... 323x-325x could be provide temporary support. gonna try to re load long bullet down there.

but if she goes downthere  ........

am still away from euro bud...

--- 帖子 #1201 ---
Wave A: Correction To Rally – Initially Wave A may appear to be a correction to the normal rally. However, if it breaks down into five
subwaves, it indicates that a new market trend may have developed.

This is what I am waiting for - the current correction to amount to 5 sub-waves within it

--- 帖子 #1202 ---
I hope so..I'm short @3358...but you know don't hope in forex business, but pray

--- 帖子 #1203 ---
whatever dude...

am preety sure u got your own reason and planning for this ....

as long u got it...... do what u have to do........ don't listen the other  that's noise

success dudeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee

--- 帖子 #1204 ---
Ugh - so slow. RSI pointing down - doing ALOT of reading on elliot waves - like being in college all over again!

--- 帖子 #1205 ---
Current candle has progressed to the low of sub wave (i) and bounced. So far progressing with the count. If it breaks below subwave (i) profit should be locked in and a move to subwave (iv) anticipated.

--- 帖子 #1206 ---
Upon second glance it would appear a new low happened at (iii) a corrective to (iv) maybe a 38.2 retrace of (ii) to (iii)?

--- 帖子 #1207 ---
Hello 9er...Sorry I couldn't post anything about wave, i don't understand about elliot wave....but i read all your post about wave and learning it...thank you.

--- 帖子 #1208 ---
retrace was to 61.8 has (iv) formed? Stop loss now firmly in place above sub-wave (ii) (a break above subwave (ii) in-validates this move and should not be ignored.

I am still pinning hope to the fact that we are in a complete 8 wave pattern, at the beginning of the 3 stage correction (ABC) down to the beginning of Big stage II

--- 帖子 #1209 ---
I am still learning it as well - please don't let the fact that I am babbling in Ewaves to stop your normal postings!

--- 帖子 #1210 ---
drilling to the 5M I see that I have had 4 chances to take my +10 pips - I ignored them all and I never moved to BE

I broke 2 of my hard and fast rules 4 times

1. Remove risk 1st

2. Take +10 when market gives it

I deserve to be stopped out!

Dumb ass

--- 帖子 #1211 ---
So - incidentally IF by elliot wave rules the current move goes as I think it will and completes at sub-wave (v) a small 3 wave correction should ensue (ABC) which by my count completes an 8 wave cycle indicating a reversal of trend (to bearish)

--- 帖子 #1212 ---
THAT WAS THE MOST PAINFUL TRADE TO WATCH! But FINALLY - made my +10 - forex gods were kind to me today! By my count (so far so good) sub-wave (v) should complete at or around 3320 (127.0 fib of iii to iv)

--- 帖子 #1213 ---
ausie sl at bep @ 1.05692

--- 帖子 #1214 ---
Back to basics - and how these tie with the elliot wave premise. Notice the low of sub-wave (iii) - although it is not shown here this represents the first down fractal outside the alligators mouth - and my favorite fractal to take.

Because I already took my daily goal - I am in small here (sell stop at 33301) I am going to take the first profit given because IF (v) occurs where I think it will, we may well see an elliot wave correction of A to B see example

--- 帖子 #1215 ---
And we are in at 33301 tp at 33201

--- 帖子 #1216 ---
Got +6 pips today...

Still fishing big fish now....

+250 floating

Edit : move sl to +100

--- 帖子 #1217 ---
And we are out

+20 for the day +43 for the week

--- 帖子 #1218 ---
Very nice trading there!

--- 帖子 #1219 ---
Are you ever read "Building an equity millipede thread by pipEASY"......I want that 1000 pips, floating +310 pips now...

--- 帖子 #1220 ---
Price has exceeded the 127.0 fibo for wave (iii) to (iv) and approaching S2 - believe what we have here is sub-wave (v) Corrective A to B

--- 帖子 #1221 ---
Never been to it. might take a look later - trying to get my head around Elliot Waves

--- 帖子 #1222 ---
Price has back to 50% control candle on H4, maybe some retrace here....opportunity to add more short or close all short...let's see

--- 帖子 #1223 ---
Your EJ stop is at 118.65? I just took a long from EJ 15M at 118.255 and closed at 118.355

used the AO advanced indicator I spoke about yesterday

+30 today +53 for the week

--- 帖子 #1224 ---
EJ short at 118.65 SL@118.64...close all the short, except 1 trade UJ (short at 89.20).....+106 today....It's not easy to get 1000, lol.....the highest floating is +320, still not enough...even not close to 500....

--- 帖子 #1225 ---
By my count sub-wave (a) should be 3353, 50.0% retrace (iv) to (v) (price went to 3345) still watching - but I think I've got the count figured out on the 1H?

--- 帖子 #1226 ---
Is wave 3 is the longest wave? so we are still in the wave 3 (down trend), or wave C correction (for up trend)...

Looks like an AB=CD in harmonic view...

--- 帖子 #1227 ---
Yes at the moment - it appears so.

--- 帖子 #1228 ---
Using this as the premise:

--- 帖子 #1229 ---
From A it is a 3 wave sub up to B (a,b,c) before a continuation south

--- 帖子 #1230 ---
Make sense?

--- 帖子 #1231 ---
As I see it:

--- 帖子 #1232 ---
yes, thank you....I save the picture

--- 帖子 #1233 ---
I've referred the picture 50 times today! Get it and other examples at this link: http://stockcharts.com/school/doku.p...tt_wave_theory

--- 帖子 #1234 ---
So far +134 for today

Another try to 1000, so fast in EJ...lol

floating +130

--- 帖子 #1235 ---
Close all for +95...wow so fast

+229 today

--- 帖子 #1236 ---
make it lower low and gimme butterfly/crab............

--- 帖子 #1237 ---
waiting reaction around 318x-322x and 314x-315x should give support for further move ( daily candle tf )

--- 帖子 #1238 ---
The elliot wave count is still progressing nicely. Before i called it quits for yesterday I placed a sell stop at the low of the hanging man next to the candle that coincides with sub-wave (a). Set a TP +10. I was anticipating that price would complete the move from (a) to (b) and it did. Ended my day with +40 and the week at +63.

Further to the Elliot wave now that we have B (above (c)) I believe we can anticipate a 5 wave impulse (i,ii,iii,iv,v) down to C.

This also validates that price is in reversal as on the daily Monday's high was a 5 Wave complete

More to follow

--- 帖子 #1239 ---
Used to trade this pair all the time. using the advanced AO indicator - I see the nice pinbar formation off target zone one (down move from wave 4) in 15M. Strictly demo as I am still toying with this indicator - more to follow

--- 帖子 #1240 ---
And we are in - I do hate the spread on this pair - maybe next time I'll go with EJ as it has a 2 pip spread with IBFX

--- 帖子 #1241 ---
am thingking of this ..

but ...there is still few trigger line to break

http://www.trade-forex-harmonic-patt...hark-bu-be.gif

just imho....

--- 帖子 #1242 ---
I'm hoping your right - as I intend to ride this trade to the trend line if it will allow

--- 帖子 #1243 ---
we should remind each other here buddy...

it's just modelling... harmonic or whatever is just modelling of price movement

EG is dropping.. hopefully.. sterling UP and euro Down as zero sum game is playing around ...........

just maybe...

coffee pleaseeeeeee................sleepy here

--- 帖子 #1244 ---
Hit my 2 cup quota already! Market is still very quiet even for this pair. Might not have been the most opportune time for an entry? We will see - demo is demo!

--- 帖子 #1245 ---
I like that price is below the alligator. If we can continue to track this count, we might be able to take some down fractal breaks, especially if sub-wave (ii) forms. The longest leg in an elliot wave is usually the 2 to 3 (ii to iii in this case) wave.

Spy the fractals

--- 帖子 #1246 ---
Not looking favorable - but maybe progressing? Still slow

--- 帖子 #1247 ---
http://images.travelpod.com/tripwow/...02aw-17648.jpg

Coffee first every 1 ......................

--- 帖子 #1248 ---
Nice down fractal at sub-wave (i)

--- 帖子 #1249 ---
When I asked for a move to the trend line I wasn't talking about a sideways move to get me there~

--- 帖子 #1250 ---
1 hour in the making and progress going the wrong way. Not exactly what I had in mind

--- 帖子 #1251 ---
Think I might close manually

--- 帖子 #1252 ---
Not opportune - was just stopped out (5 pip spread will do that)

--- 帖子 #1253 ---
Triggered in on down fractal

--- 帖子 #1254 ---
Maybe a move to (iii)?

--- 帖子 #1255 ---
Elliot wave complete cycle

--- 帖子 #1256 ---
Or could be this? looks rejection at 38.2% on H1 tf

btw, after yesterday got +200 pips more, my today fresh order still floating +670

--- 帖子 #1257 ---
I wouldn't normally trade GJ either 9er but seeing as you posted a chart and seeing as you're using eWaves, here's a view of the H4 - a TF that I also don't normally trade (I do trade some things, honest gov'). That was a good call taking the PB off TZ1, shame it didn't work out in this case - they can provide brilliant R:R.

What happens when a Wave 5 completes - price likes to retrace to the W4 of the lesser degree.  Using a touch of trendline break price projection we have some confluence down there ...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1258 ---
A new contributor? my, my was just kicking around the idea of deleting the thread!

Where were you 2 hours ago - I might have stayed in that trade - although it was demo anyway. Appreciate the post 54!

--- 帖子 #1259 ---
Closed trade at BE. I really feel like taking the rest of the day off - made my goal and then some yesterday

--- 帖子 #1260 ---
I couldn't keep lurking when you're doing such a fine job with your posts.  Will try to chip in from time to time when time permits - god damn time, where is it when you need it?

Keep the thread going mate.

--- 帖子 #1261 ---
Please keep the thread alive  I am just about to start learning from you 9er. I like what I am reading so far

--- 帖子 #1262 ---
I just might. Today is boring me to TEARS EU is too damn slow - PA is weird - Still haven't taken any pips today - maybe that's what I need

--- 帖子 #1263 ---
There's the move I wanted earlier on the GJ - could have nabbed my +10 there - although as I type this pinbar forming

--- 帖子 #1264 ---
Hello everybody:

In first place i want to give thanks to 9er for this beautiful and interesting thread and snorm by show it to me too.

This thread its interesting to me becuase i was working by myself treating to put together bill williams system and harmonic pattern. Repeat find this thread is quite important to me. Well another thing im spanish and english isnt my native tongue, and some of my expression can be sound bad or confusing or contains some mistake. Please take patience and correct me, i´ll thank you that, i want to improve my english.Well im new in FF too i ask some patience with this too until i learn to use forum platform... Well i´ll try to put my first pic of some minutes before. I´d like to know your opinion in particular 9er http://screencast.com/t/2FeuIgi8http://screencast.com/t/2FeuIgi8http://screencast.com/t/2FeuIgi8http://screencast.com/t/2FeuIgi8

--- 帖子 #1265 ---
Hello everybody:

In first place i want to give thanks to 9er for this beautiful and interesting thread and snorm by show it to me too.

This thread its interesting to me becuase i was working by myself  treating to put together bill williams system and harmonic pattern.  Repeat find this thread is quite important to me. Well another thing im  spanish and english isnt my native tongue, and some of my expression can  be sound bad or confusing or contains some mistake. Please take  patience and correct me, i´ll thank you that, i want to improve my  english.Well im new in FF too i ask some patience with this too until i  learn to use forum platform... Well i´ll try to put my first pic of some  minutes before. I´d like to know your opinion in particular 9er http://screencast.com/t/2FeuIgi8

--- 帖子 #1266 ---
EJ M15 with Fib Time - look where the W5 ended. Nice when TZ2 and Fib Time line up for a reversal.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1267 ---
Superb analysis Indureitor

--- 帖子 #1268 ---
Excellent post and welcome some fresh contributions! Look forward to it!

--- 帖子 #1269 ---
Adjusted the count here (was there a news release or event in the last 5 minutes?) Charts just sprang to life!

--- 帖子 #1270 ---
Using the ewaves advanced AO I see that GU 15M just painted a wave 5 - but indications that some event or news just transpired as it is dropping like a hot rock

--- 帖子 #1271 ---
as long as the high of wave 3 didn't break, we are still in the downtrend....EU H1

--- 帖子 #1272 ---
Mr 54 - Fib time? I see wave 5 on the chart can you touch on fib time for me? I love your chart by the way

--- 帖子 #1273 ---
Concur. I have re-adjusted my count on the 1H EU - believe we are looking at (ii) to (iii) now

--- 帖子 #1274 ---
Again price stop at 38.2% of wave 3....if this broken, next target is 50% (1.3219)

--- 帖子 #1275 ---
Yeah there seems to be some support there

--- 帖子 #1276 ---
If low of wave 2 broken...its clear downtrend for next month, just my opinion

--- 帖子 #1277 ---
Nice Bullish engulfing there?

--- 帖子 #1278 ---
Do you trade GJ buddy? the spread is too high for me

--- 帖子 #1279 ---
Thanks 9er.  I am by no means an expert on Fib Time Zones but use the tool for confluence in identifying possible future bounce areas and wave ends, along with EW channeling, Fib expansions etc.

The eWaves indicator has a built-in Fib Time option but I've not used it in this picture, as the start of W1, as identified by the indi, is not right IMHO (though who is to argue with the great Bill Williams).

It is almost spooky how the W5 lines up with a Fib Time Expansion of the 1 to 3 move.    Just as with retracement and expansion levels on price, time zone projections across multiple levels and waves can line up to add confluence for reversal points.

Just another dimension to support a trading decision.

--- 帖子 #1280 ---
Thanks 54! How long have you been using this indicator? I actually just started using it myself, haven't taken any live trades with it yet. But I do like the indi

--- 帖子 #1281 ---
Indureitor - I was just looking at your chart and was interested to see the EW as you counted it. Close to my count but yours seems to paint the big picture. Are you familiar with Elliot Waves? Would love to see some EW discussions in here

--- 帖子 #1282 ---
About a year now - it's the only one I use, as you can see. Whilst the Bill Williams approach to Elliott Wave is somewhat simplistic, it works time and time again.  The wave counts will look odd to a proper EW practitioner, but I know what they mean to me

--- 帖子 #1283 ---
GU D1 possibility for those who like to leave trades running for days ....  That 2nd Jan bar off TZ1, what a beauty. Did I trade it? No!  Why? Because I didn't see it until after the event. Lesson learned - watch the D1s.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

EJ starting to make some pips now.

--- 帖子 #1284 ---
That is damn nice

--- 帖子 #1285 ---
Hey 9er, Nu Nix, and others

I'm quite new to trading. have been doing my home work for 3 month and another 3 month on demo account. Now i'm staring my live account (micro tho ). I would like to thank you guys for providing this knowlages. I've been reading this thread for 2 days and i stil have LOTS and LOTS to learn.

--- 帖子 #1286 ---
Welcome brada!!!!

Let's learn together

--- 帖子 #1287 ---
Welcome!

--- 帖子 #1288 ---
Yesterday was pretty quiet (at least for me anyway). I took one trade on EU and closed it at BE. Was pretty sideways for most of the day - making the EW count that much more difficult to decipher.

I have re-assessed and re-counted. From what I can see we are still in a 5 wave impulse (i,ii,iii,iv,v) having completed waves (i), (ii) putting wave (iii) around 3239 (which is also the weekly pivot).

The 3252 (S1) area has shown to be strong support so a break of this level is needed to confirm my count.

--- 帖子 #1289 ---
Want to change directions for a day (although I still plan to update the EU elliot wave as I see it), but I want to concentrate on the AO advanced indicator. If you don't already have the AO send me a PM and I will provide information to aquiring it.

I don't usually get excited over much in the forex, but I studied this AO at length yesterday - and if understood properly I think it can be traded all by itself (Bill Williams himself says this about the AO in his book) this version of the AO provides counts based on the AO premises. The counts appear to be pretty damn accurate - one just needs to be properly situated to capture the move.

--- 帖子 #1290 ---
Please pm me my friend, thank you.

--- 帖子 #1291 ---
this 38.2% on H1 could broken this time....yesterday just a retracement for further down move.....

--- 帖子 #1292 ---
So far from what I can see, when the indi paints the trend line. A bounce or a break of the trend line appears to be very tradeable

(ignore the blue letters and numbers) (that is EWpro)

If this TL break was traded it amounted to about a 45 pip move. I see this continuosly across all pairs

I'm seeing the move from W4 to W5 and W5 as the best ones to trade

--- 帖子 #1293 ---
I think also but 3239 is a weekly pivot point. So keep stops tight in this area

--- 帖子 #1294 ---
Lol EJ/UJ play pingpong again....Might be EU will follow too...buy @1.3284

--- 帖子 #1295 ---
The break of the TL on the 15M seems to confirm your order

--- 帖子 #1296 ---
Respecting upper TL

--- 帖子 #1297 ---
Respected it big time - right back to the lower TL

--- 帖子 #1298 ---
Meant to set a buy stop at the high of the last 15M candle (the one that bounced off the lower yellow TL). Stepped out and missed the move was a +20 pip move in which I could have nabbed my +10 for the day.

I think I am going to like this indi just fine

--- 帖子 #1299 ---
EUR M15

--- 帖子 #1300 ---
finally

you came  from your bed room buddy.....

9er...

he is the man !!! hopefully Nen ( zup developer ) ...come also someday.................

--- 帖子 #1301 ---
Welcome Master!!!!

Bullish dragon,,never heard before, what is that?

So the final target for prz is 3364?

--- 帖子 #1302 ---
Where you  live bro?

dragon - http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...166155&page=45

++++++
final target for prz is 3364?

it is   bug indi

--- 帖子 #1303 ---
INfirst place sorry by delay in the answer 9er i hadnt read your comment before... I like the elliott wave, im pleased because is the first time people wants to talk about elliott waves normally people dont like so much and feel a boring term... In this moment i havent things so clear and im doing pic for some different stages, if you havent got problem i think i´ll finish them this weekend and later we can comment and discuss the most probable stages...

--- 帖子 #1304 ---
I'm live in FF buddy...ok I'm reading now, thank you.

--- 帖子 #1305 ---
By all means - I welcome it

--- 帖子 #1306 ---
Well this pic show my perfomance today and my favourite stage for the day.

i had to update the count by the changes of yesterday and now im working with this count as favourite.....

Today i have done two entries in this pair as consecuence of a new wave with (at moment seems ) extended and subdivided wave 3 or c.The pic show count in m15 but entries was in m5 and closed in 162% fib of w1 gold in confluence with r3. first entry 1.3313 and add on 1.3325 and both was closed in r3 1.3358

--- 帖子 #1307 ---
If you dont mind, i would love to take a look at the Indicator you are talking about. Since my Problem is counting the wave and often lost the count. T_T

--- 帖子 #1308 ---
Wow what a beautiful trade. I literally missed that entry by seconds. Wished you would have posted this a few hours ago

I can see from your counts of EW that I have MUCH to learn. Since I missed the boat today with trading I am trying to continue my education with EW and this most awesome Ewaves oscillator!

maybe I can capture some pips at the news releases today at 1330 GMT?

Otherwise thank you for your post - most informative!

--- 帖子 #1309 ---
Some opinions of this? http://screencast.com/t/RhjcVIzq

--- 帖子 #1310 ---
Hey 9er - and there you have one of my favouritest bestest setups. the indi showing a 5 wave correction within what might normally be a W4.

Look for a nice down move; wait for the 5 wave correction at the forecasted TZ level (ideally, with confluence at a fib retrace or S/R level of the main down move); either trade a reversal candle setup at that level or wait for the TLB.  I'd normally expect price to at least test previous lows (the main W3) but EJ didn't want to play ball in this instance. Still, plenty of pips to be had with great R:R if trading off the TZ.

That pic is one to be printed and stuck on your trading wall ...

--- 帖子 #1311 ---
Hi guys

Im new to this tread and I have the following problems:

1) I tried to download the book, on which this whole thing is based (the internet is full of it) - but there is one problem with it - the pictures are left out of it, which makes it impossible to understand. (the patterns etc.) Can you help we where to get the book with pictures?

2) I just tried out the indicators and something is not working properly (I added the indicators just as you said in your post.) Which one is missing or not working? (Maybe its the ZUB one. Does it only work with MT5?)

Cheers

Stephen

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1312 ---
Hi 9er.  Hope you're a 49er's fan, as I'm from the bay area.  Anyways, I took this trade on the 15 min.  Harmonic pattern ( I think a crab - I'm new to harmonics), confluence with the 88.6 fib retrace, and supply level from 1/12.  Risked 10 pips plus the spread for +25.  I got out a little early because I could see the ES futures were on a tear straight up.  Looking forward to learning more, and hopefully contributing.

--- 帖子 #1313 ---
No the indicator works well in MT4 - I don't use MT5. Did you drop into your experts/indicator folder? When you drop it in the folder you have to restart MT4 then look for the zup indicator under "custom indicators in MT4.

Hope this helps

--- 帖子 #1314 ---
Toafdawg great trade! Yes I am a HUGE niners fans. Was thinking of changing my profile pic to me doing the Kaepernick!

--- 帖子 #1315 ---
I got into a little trouble yesterday. Usually my wife asks me how my night went. When I told her I hadn't taken any trades I got scolded a bit. Actually I was SICK over missing 2 oportune moments yesterday.

Was trying to educate myself a bit more on the Advanced AO and Eliot Waves, got tied up in doing that and missed out on about 70 pips - if you knew the lot size I trade, you might understand my wifes frusteration with me

Anyway - feeling a bit more comfortable with the advanced AO than I was but still feeling a bit "dumb" with regards to counting waves though!

--- 帖子 #1316 ---
So glad you posted this reply 54! I like when I see "something" and someone with more knowledge than I confirms it. Will look for more setup's today. I stayed primarily with 15M yesterday

--- 帖子 #1317 ---
EJ just painted a 5 from the AO indi. The EWpro indi also painted 5. Look for reversal pattern and return to the trendline?

--- 帖子 #1318 ---
Trendline was broken sideways - 3386 just pierced for the first time in several attempts. We are literally pushing the high from the 14th (3402). Will 1.34 pyhsco hold we'll find out in about 14 pips!

--- 帖子 #1319 ---
Now we have divergence with the AO - approaching psycho RSI at 65

--- 帖子 #1320 ---
Fib expansion is at 3394 - would love to see a double top at 1.34!

--- 帖子 #1321 ---
Yes,,would be nice if rejected right at 3400....3390 is the high in my broker

--- 帖子 #1322 ---
Maybe a little risky this early in the trading session - but the AO is now also divergent on the M15 - price is at the new trend line and looks to be losing upward momentum

--- 帖子 #1323 ---
And as luck would dictate - I am triggered in and price goes the other way. Will keep an eye on 1.34 my SL is 1.3404

--- 帖子 #1324 ---
My wave count on EU....

H1 : we are in the wave 5 (bullish)

H4 : we are in the wave 5 (bullish)

Daily : we are in the wave 3 (bullish)

Monthly : we are in the wave 5 (bullish)

Overall : Bullish bias based on elliot wave count

--- 帖子 #1325 ---
The only one I don't agree with is the daily - I had the 14th high as wave 5 complete (3402). We have already seen sub-wave (i)? Guess we will find out if 3402 is broken today!

--- 帖子 #1326 ---
It looks like the bulls aren't ready to let bears take the helm - I guess next candle may open up a better viewpoint

--- 帖子 #1327 ---
@nunix

hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm  unknown (???) area ?

btw any1  interested in EG ? ( not attached )

http://www.forexfactory.com/attachme...7&d=1358145945

http://www.forexfactory.com/attachme...0&d=1358310166

--- 帖子 #1328 ---
New high at 3392. Trend line moved but being respected

--- 帖子 #1329 ---
Yes that's my first count on daily...but wave 3 should be the longest wave...that's why counting wave it's too complicated for me

--- 帖子 #1330 ---
we never know the end dude

at least you're an as* hol* to get those hundreds of pip in that correction wave...few days a go . note !!!

--- 帖子 #1331 ---
Hello brother

btw, i still hold all my long from yesterday...Now floating +1193 pips

siap-siap sell same size buat lock profitnya...hehehe

--- 帖子 #1332 ---
damn u mannnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn

--- 帖子 #1333 ---
Beautiful!

--- 帖子 #1334 ---
"Add more trade to the winning trade"

"Why you fear to be success?"

I promise my friend, i will donate 10% of my profit to a charity in our beloved country....especially to my hometown Jakarta, you know what disaster was going on in Jakarta "Banjir dimana-mana"....

--- 帖子 #1335 ---
Thank you

--- 帖子 #1336 ---
Hi

Well actually "allow import ddl files" was not enabled, so thats why it didnt show the patterns. now it does. So only the 1st question remains: "Where can I learn the basics of this trading (aka. how to use the indicators), because i downloaded like 5 copies of this book, and none of them provided pictures/figures . Thanks

--- 帖子 #1337 ---
It took a minute but the 15M TL broke - got +10 locked and will ride as long as it lets me.

Love how it dropped off that 5wave. It seems that the tricky thing is when to get in on the 5wave - do we wait for the TL break or a bearish divergent candle. Since I was already in I had no choice.

I also like how price hit the blue target zone (almost to the pip) and reversed. How long of a reversal remains to be seen

--- 帖子 #1338 ---
This is the update of my count. Yesterday i thought we were in a wave 3 extended and subidivided. Well the perfomance during asian session convince me to change the count to adapt it to higher degree wave, labeled in gold that repect better the fib relationship between waves. in my opinion and in m15 we have done a complete impulse as w1 or wa and today will do a w2 or wb with target in the horizontal green lines. Im waiting for a pullback to trendline to entry short Opinion are wellcome.... Many luck to all note: im junior memeber and i cant put more pic at moment.Im sorry by the moment i only can put links if someone take it and put as his comment i´ll be pleased   http://screencast.com/t/GFJovZHI

--- 帖子 #1339 ---
Must admit I am LOVING those Trend line trades. here is another break of the trend line on EJ 15M

--- 帖子 #1340 ---
Here ya go

--- 帖子 #1341 ---
So based on your wave count of the 15M you have 3336 as target?

--- 帖子 #1342 ---
If 3336 is valid target I will move my stop to the high of the current candle - when it finishes painting

--- 帖子 #1343 ---
Can't wait - moved stop to 3350 - price moving up is at 3342

--- 帖子 #1344 ---
Taken out 3350 +24. Great call on that target zone proce went to 33357

--- 帖子 #1345 ---
Yep, my tz1 was 1.3336 and this could be enough for a w2 but seeing the duration and depth of correction inside impulse labeled in gold i think in a pullback to trendline and take impulse to go for tz2... but repeat the minimum requirement for a w2 has been triggered, faster than i expected but triggered.... Compare the number of candles of correction inside the impulse and the fib retrace  and compare by yourself.... we know one correction is from a higher degree when iit consume more time and/or price than correction inside complete impulse that its correcting.... but this is only and advise not a fixed law....

--- 帖子 #1346 ---
That is beautiful. As I was reading your post (sorry to cave man on you) the AO painted a 3 a pullback to the trend line makes sense (or maybe 61.8 expansions?) and your TZ 2 shows 3311 - will be spring loaded for that!

Thank you! Not sure why you think your English needs work - reads pretty good to me - and I are not a smart man!

--- 帖子 #1347 ---
I love your charts by the way - is it possible to post a template?

--- 帖子 #1348 ---
An idea in m1 http://screencast.com/t/VIzflq2R

--- 帖子 #1349 ---
Hi 9er - Indureitor is using some rather special indicators in there   I know who owns the copyright if you want to PM me, I'll put you in touch ....

--- 帖子 #1350 ---
Well we are in targetzone for a reversal with a pattern a bit different that shown before. Well here goes my update count in m1 http://screencast.com/t/QbENxj7ak8

--- 帖子 #1351 ---
Spot on    What a great morning to be trading. Wave 5 trend line breaks all over the place. EU M15 was a gem, right down to the W4.  EJ same. GU M5 ... etc.  If only all mornings could be so kind.

--- 帖子 #1352 ---
closed +15 in pivot, many divergences and market goes sideways, maybe we need a secoond leg to do a wb http://screencast.com/t/I3EQtv3pJZaF

--- 帖子 #1353 ---
Because I am not used to bouncing all over the place - wish I could have been in position to get the bounce off the TL in the GU 15M

--- 帖子 #1354 ---
Absolutley interested! Thank you! Maybe it might be time for a change of scenery

--- 帖子 #1355 ---
I see on the EU 15M that price corrected back to the 61.8 Expansion - Indureitor are you still expecting a return to the TL? looks to be bouncing right now?

--- 帖子 #1356 ---
I'm seeing ABC??

--- 帖子 #1357 ---
we have done and a and b of an abc go for tz2

--- 帖子 #1358 ---
I've set a sell stop at 3 pips below the 200 on 15M with TP at 161.8 Fib what is going on with the EU right now - it is falling like a hot rock

--- 帖子 #1359 ---
sorry by delay i opened a trade +45 tz2 triggered

--- 帖子 #1360 ---
Damn - no time to react just made +20 pips in like 20 seconds. Oh well I guess I'll take that! +43 for the day +103 for the week!

Wife will be happy with result now!

--- 帖子 #1361 ---
My god this indi is phenominal, Price down to target zone 1 on 1H - unbelievable the accuracy - a little spooky!

--- 帖子 #1362 ---
Very nice call! You said 3311 - 3311 it is

--- 帖子 #1363 ---
Trade in detail, fib shown is since 3oc black label to [A] blue label and proyected since [b] gving us the first stop point http://screencast.com/t/I3EQtv3pJZaF

Market go down another +12 but for my experience when a fib convergence appears its time to put the money in your pocket.Sometimes very strong  rebound movements.... in this case s1 was just below and rebound there....

--- 帖子 #1364 ---
So guys can you give me a source please from which I can properly learn how to trade this system?

--- 帖子 #1365 ---
I will send you a PM brother!

--- 帖子 #1366 ---
http://screencast.com/t/S8VVv5hRtt

--- 帖子 #1367 ---
hey 9er, would you mind to send me some reading materials? I'm eager  to learn trading using Elliot Wave.

--- 帖子 #1368 ---
Could please include me too with the source materials  !

--- 帖子 #1369 ---
me too if you dont mind. i've read your posted on page 58 but still didnt manage to understand your style of trading. i came to this thread after seeing an impressive performance by nunix who gain lots of pips.

--- 帖子 #1370 ---
And based off this - the way the current hourly candle is shaping up I'd say a bounce is in order?

--- 帖子 #1371 ---
I believe NuNix trades a different method primarily. Believe he uses a few different systems - he is an excellent trader though

--- 帖子 #1372 ---
hey 9er, just read your message LOL... i'll checked on leter. got +15 today thats + 60 this week. not bad for a first week of live trading. i'm off today, have some errands to run and lots of things to read this weekend.

Have a nice Weekend everyone!!!

--- 帖子 #1373 ---
http://screencast.com/t/upwDclP4 http://screencast.com/t/kXj4Ii08FY Note: i´d kill for trade like nunix hhahahaha put me too i n the list ....

--- 帖子 #1374 ---
Not bad at all!

--- 帖子 #1375 ---
A little cloud cover on the daily? Sub-wave (ii) hit?

--- 帖子 #1376 ---
http://screencast.com/t/upwDclP4 BAMM trade is possible too

--- 帖子 #1377 ---
Well price finally did a flat correction to do a w4 and by luck didint tkae the trade, and take the breakout of b for some pips more.  MY count in m1 is this http://screencast.com/t/upwDclP4 a complete abc movement for higher degree myabe we have this  http://screencast.com/t/upwDclP4  I´ll try to put a better stage in weekend for discussion. Have a good weekend all...

--- 帖子 #1378 ---
Wow, well done and thanks for sharing

--- 帖子 #1379 ---
Hey Guys, I hope you have a great weekend. So i've been reading some materials about Harmonic wave and how to trade them. Since i've got nothing to do today i looked at the chart and see if i can identify something. Here are 15m chart of E/U. I spot a possible bearish Greatly since BC retract at 38.2 from AB and AB is about 50 from XA. From what i've been reading. we can expect CD at 1.27 from BC. on my chart that's about 3336.

Hope can get feedback from you guys...

--- 帖子 #1380 ---
I have 2 plans for next week trading

Plan A (For long position building) : Down trendline broken, price  back down but failed to make new low. I will set buy stop (Buy 1) 1  pip+spread above the high of the last candle that failed to make new  low. Next, I will set buy stop (Buy 2) 1 pip+spread above previous swing  high.

Plan B (For short position building) : Up trendline broken, price  back up but failed to make new high. I should set sell stop (Sell 1) 1  pip below the low of the last candle that failed to make new high, but i  missed the trade because i'm away from my pc. Next, I will set sell  stop (Sell 2) 1 pip below previous swing low.

Edit : Chart is EU H4 TF

--- 帖子 #1381 ---
Hello, would you mind sharing the source with me as well ? Thank you for your time and effort for sharing your knowledge !

ChanhXanh

--- 帖子 #1382 ---
OK, and  thanks for sharing but that looks a lot like grid trading !

You are going to be in a position but you are allowing Sunday price action direction to determine which.

That seems very proactive to cause a trade to occur

--- 帖子 #1383 ---
It's not grid trading my friend...

--- 帖子 #1384 ---
Hey Nu Nix, would you mind to give me a feed back about the cart that i drew.

--- 帖子 #1385 ---
Might be a bearish bat....But it's M15, not so powerful...

--- 帖子 #1386 ---
Ok... Thanks nu nix... Will look on bigger tf for better (or stronger) move. Happy trading

--- 帖子 #1387 ---
Another great example of a trend line bounce on the EJ 15M - wish I would have been around to catch it

oh well spent time enjoying that Niner win! HOW ABOUT THOSE 49ERS? Going back to the Superbowl! Gonna be a great game.

Trading might not be the best idea as i haven't gotten my normal rest and I am tired as hell!

--- 帖子 #1388 ---
Today is a banking holiday for us in the US. I took a scalp trade on the EU 1M for +10, made my daily goal and as such I believe I am going to take the rest of the night (day) off!

--- 帖子 #1389 ---
Hi guys... hope everybody have a great start this week.. Just want to check if I spotted something. My opinion is ABCD in the making. since BC retract on 71 fib from AB. Hope to hear some input from you guys

--- 帖子 #1390 ---
Boring day, just 32 pip range on EU...YAWN

--- 帖子 #1391 ---
I haven't found any entry that i'm comfortable of.  i'm going to watch on the side line to day and learn more bout patterns..

--- 帖子 #1392 ---
Market wait till tomorrow BOJ press conference....I have close all my long yen pairs and EU orders, yes wait till Jap gov speak something about their inflation rate...

--- 帖子 #1393 ---
Yeah 9er that game was great yesterday.  I was sweatin bullets in the first quarter when Matty Ice was on fire.  Gotta love the niners defense in the second half. Didn't trade today with no volatility.  I'm looking forward to the rest of the week.

--- 帖子 #1394 ---
Yeah I was not too happy either. They pretty much had their way with the Niners Defense in the 1st half. Thank god they got it together in the 2nd half though! Now if Crabtree can just stay out of trouble! Can you imagine how they would be if Mannigham wasn't injured? Go Niners!

--- 帖子 #1395 ---
Wow the EU woke up huh? It should have - it spent all day yesterday going sideways

--- 帖子 #1396 ---
That is quite the inverted hammer on the EJ 15M. Gonna wait and see what this next hammer does sitting on the TL

--- 帖子 #1397 ---
Goodness - 50 pips in a matter of seconds. Has the BOJ started?

--- 帖子 #1398 ---
Sorry meant to post this earlier. Placed buy stop at the first up fractal outside the mouth on EU1H

--- 帖子 #1399 ---
And just up to my TP and closed +10 love those first fractal trades

--- 帖子 #1400 ---
15M EJ is looking to push back to the trend line

--- 帖子 #1401 ---
The first of today, from 1.5847 to ms1 1.5829 exit trailing  candles in m5 http://screencast.com/t/drheA9KAsYmT

--- 帖子 #1402 ---
I saw that setup as well. Not sure of my comfort level trading the GU yet though!

--- 帖子 #1403 ---
grab some more http://screencast.com/t/WITQ6Ucre

--- 帖子 #1404 ---
Price has retraced more than 50% of this candle

--- 帖子 #1405 ---
My count for cable... only to discuss.

http://screencast.com/t/cU2D4l40F

--- 帖子 #1406 ---
10 pip your daily goal ?

--- 帖子 #1407 ---
It is. Made +10 today on the first up fractal trade on the EU 1H. now I just bounce from chart to chart looking for the best setups

--- 帖子 #1408 ---
Some bizarre PA today? I set a buy stop at 3 pips above the 200 (price closed right on it). Set TP for +10, stepped awa for a moment and took +10 more! Weird day

--- 帖子 #1409 ---
[quote=9er;6383734]Some bizarre PA today?

seems a w4 in triangle .... or include can be a running w2 will see the perfromance in 1,34  and will decide...

--- 帖子 #1410 ---
Ughh - he couldn't even say united States - Four more years

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f4RzFiF3z78

--- 帖子 #1411 ---
Took this trade strictly off the PA during the 1H candle forming the pinbar. Set TP at +10 because of the 200. Triggered in the following candle and closed +10. Price currently sitting on the 200 and reacting to it

+30 today

+10 yesterday

--- 帖子 #1412 ---
I saw this morning didnt take it, 9er its valid for you?
http://screencast.com/t/H5yum99Uh

--- 帖子 #1413 ---
There was an absolutely perfect trade yesterday on the Eur/Usd - bat formation on the 15min, follow by a nice H&S formation right at that level.  All the other majors were up against the dollar, so any dollar strength at all would send that puppy down.  I got short 1.3329 and rode it down to the 1.33 BRN with 0 drawdown.  I should have held on a little longer, but the /ES and DJ30 were on a tear upwards after Google and IBM had upward surprises.  They don't come any easier than this. I wish these happened everyday like this.

--- 帖子 #1414 ---
Toafdawg - I took that trade myself! Was a blast! I would have posted in here but I believe interest in this thread has died. I can't keep posting my trades for people to scrutinize if there is no added benefit to me. Although I have met a few very valuable contacts as a result of this thread and I would like to thank them personally now:

Mr. 54

NuNix

Indureitor

iqyu5an

Mr Pip (who I recommend you attend his thread!)

Anyone I didn't mention I apologize. Tomorrow I will delete Post #1 and wish you all the best of luck!

--- 帖子 #1415 ---
Hi,

Shame about that but its your decision

You have the merit of targeting a modest 10 pips a day rather than targeting 100's (via pie in the sky methods)

Suspect that one of the reasons you have not had recent feedback was because people where on the wrong side of the trade................good news travels faster

I have eWaves now and having a play around with it, but, and I not absolutely sure, it looks to repaint !

--- 帖子 #1416 ---
Sorry to hear that 9er ... it's been a good thread. Stay in touch mate...

--- 帖子 #1417 ---
eWaves does repaint lucklogic - it shows the wave count according to Bill Williams logic, based on histogram values within the last 140 bars. Don't let that put you off, it's one of the best indicators going. Look out for W5s as these can get you into new motive waves when everyone else is still trading in the wrong direction

--- 帖子 #1418 ---
It's all good 54. I appreciate your input and value your opinion also! I have your e-mail address and plan to stay in touch! Humble traders are a rare commodity in this day and age!

--- 帖子 #1419 ---
Lucklogic to my knowledge ewaves does not re-paint. My best suggestion to you is to watch for the appearance of the trend line. When it occurs, stay close to your trade station as price almost always bounces right off it, or breaks it - either way if you position yourself properly you will capture some pretty handsome pips!

I am watching EU 1H right now as it it sideways but keeps bouncing off that trend line! I love the ewaves indicator as it is now part of my day to day trading arsenal. Stick with it - e-mail support at their website - they always reply to my queries!

--- 帖子 #1420 ---
Yeah I thought that it did, but respect your view and will stick with it. Could do with a scan to find the occurrences of W5  as spotting them looks easier said than done .  Thanks

--- 帖子 #1421 ---
Im sorry hear that 9er,  this is a very interesting thread and show a different point of view about trading but we must accept your decisssion. I´d like that thread dont be deleted till some time pass ( a week at least if is possible), to give enough time for some member to download it for study. I find many things interesting for me and  others.Well dont like loss the contact neither. Grateful for all.

--- 帖子 #1422 ---
I believe snorm has another version in development, that will alert on a W5 as well as a dashboard that shows the wave counts across all pairs and timeframes. Not sure when he plans to release it to everyone. In the meantime, just keep an eye for when the 5 shows, check the higher timeframe to see if that lines up with a possible end of correction, and you can jump in on some great moves. Alternatively just go for a correction to the wave 4 after the 5 is confirmed.  Easy pips with good R:R.

--- 帖子 #1423 ---
Do mean to use the indicator like this, see attachment

I watched a W5 develop and hit Target 2 price fib then at a new hourly  bar the chart structure changed completely to show a possible 3W start and the W5 was removed from the chart

At the current Price Action this lines up with a resistance line

So go long ???

--- 帖子 #1424 ---
I enjoyed this thread, sorry to see you go. Its always refreshing to see another viewpoint. Good luck!

--- 帖子 #1425 ---
All this week I have been monitoring the viewers in the thread. Four times yesterday I checked and there was ONE viewer, and that one viewer was ME. Very few contributors, very few postings other than mine and two or three other traders is dis-heartening (mentioned in my earlier post).

I put a ton of effort into starting this thread, and it seemed as if it would take off - but then just died. I won't delete the thread, I will continue to monitor it for the next 3 or 4 days for activity or interest. I'll post some charts (was pretty proud of my trade off the 1H EU trend line using ewaves!) but if the feedback remains lacking I am out of here. I can trade solo pretty easily; if no one wants my feedback or is willing to contribute I can't continue.

I love to help people but generally despise talking to myself.

You don't have to be a master trader to post in here. if you don't understand my style of trading ask

This is also why I thought it might be a good idea to introduce the Advanced AO (ewaves) - to set up a system that everyone can use.

I don't know maybe that is the direction we take this thread? Anyone up for learning a new indicator? I hate to end a good thing?

--- 帖子 #1426 ---
4 traders viewing now, 1 is a member:    9er

--- 帖子 #1427 ---
Lucklogic - where is your AO? Expand the view of your chart, wait for a bullish divergent candle or formation and pull the trigger. You need that AO - but if that were me trading I would take that long

--- 帖子 #1428 ---
A W5 will appear when price is divergent with the W3. But ... as with traditional EW, a wave count isn't confirmed until price action gives the green light - and even then, new information can come along and change everything and we go back to beginning to do a re-count.

Looking for reversal signals, as 9er suggests, is the way to go; or, look for reflex point to breach; or look for a trendline break.  That should get you into a wave 1 or wave a; failing that wait for a retrace and get in on the low of the wave 2 / b ...

--- 帖子 #1429 ---
OK

looking at the current time 16:36 CHFJPY ..............whats the call ...............all the ingredients are there

Pending Short 97.20 ???

--- 帖子 #1430 ---
I'm happy to post trades each - however I am somewhat restricted with my work schedule.  I have my own sort of style of trading that isn't necessarily dependent on harmonic formations.  I like to look for confluence with fibs, S&D, S&R levels, trendlines, and 'traditional' formations.  I'll continue to post here, but I hope that I'm not taking away from what is being taught.

--- 帖子 #1431 ---
I'm just beginning to trade, so im bad, but i can post trades daily. I'm currently going to try harmonics 4 hours a day, so that coincides with your style somewhat? I love seeing how other successful traders do things, because i aspire to be a real trader. Tomorrow ....

--- 帖子 #1432 ---
Luck Logic - that is a pair that I refuse to trade. I have traded it in the past, but it has shown a propensity for ignoring the most premium setups. I would not recommend trading the lower TF's on this pair, if you are going to trade it, I recommend sticking to 1H and higher

--- 帖子 #1433 ---
I don't have a reason why i buy EJ and UJ lol....

--- 帖子 #1434 ---
looking at 3365 for 50 pip

--- 帖子 #1435 ---
Now 3400 broken, i wait for retracement to get in

--- 帖子 #1436 ---
exactly.... wanna change into long position IF she get there

as trial shoot buddy

--- 帖子 #1437 ---
hi bud..

seems someone is cooking around 338x-339x. dunno what happened there. but personally i will note this level as B point ( could be C also ) for next harmonic.. gonna see later.

c ya....

http://v-images2.antarafoto.com/gpr/...-goreng-71.jpg

--- 帖子 #1438 ---
Blank chart, no candle/bar,..new technique ? oh yes i love naked chart trading

btw, where are the people? just you and me around here

--- 帖子 #1439 ---
hmmm food...."Nasi goreng?" I love it

--- 帖子 #1440 ---
personally..get boring seeing complicated chart mate...

maybe they're cooking somewhere out there heehhe

Credit Bubble Seen in Davos as Cohn Warns of Repricing ????

--- 帖子 #1441 ---
I can't wait for retracement...bad decision, but loss are covered by EJ

EJ : good

UJ : didn't want to follow EJ

EU : bad decision

--- 帖子 #1442 ---
eu

failed to use break out momentum or waiting news from german ?

--- 帖子 #1443 ---
don't know. I think there is momentum break out, maybe market wait for German news

--- 帖子 #1444 ---
make it higher then bro...

--- 帖子 #1445 ---
Because of this momentum breakout I made a bad decision not to wait retracement to buy EU

--- 帖子 #1446 ---
There is a quotation that i like "Price didn't want to breakout, but price need to breakout"

--- 帖子 #1447 ---
http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-Qs13jAkLQc...600/jempol.jpg

--- 帖子 #1448 ---
Gm all, seems gu goes for w5 http://screencast.com/t/8XWT9WzVzD3

--- 帖子 #1449 ---
Awesome! Welcome back NuNix and Iqyu5an!

--- 帖子 #1450 ---
well mates day done, in only 3 minutes

pics of trade

i couldnt entry in fib confluence by blame of some problems in mt4 solved now
http://screencast.com/t/ckGz8Hz8op

manage it in m5,  after a late entry i decided entry in one lower timeframe below pivot , the strenght of movement has pushed the price to target in only one candle and i close the most part of trade in base of figure giving the target of day in clean and fast way....  and enjoying the process

http://screencast.com/t/Uj78JDa3

still open a part looking for tip....

--- 帖子 #1451 ---
Nice to see you again 9er

--- 帖子 #1452 ---
The thing for me now is waiting for a nice Bearish divergent candle or formation as ewaves just painted the completion of W5 (second candle now). I've taken my pips for the day - now I will patiently wait for signal from the Eu1H

Love that trend line break though! Took +25 on that move

--- 帖子 #1453 ---
Great charting and trading Indureitor

--- 帖子 #1454 ---
If you post it earlier mate...I'll long at that break out

--- 帖子 #1455 ---
Nice pic 9er - TL break, test and go ...Glad to see you posting again.

--- 帖子 #1456 ---
1. (not shown in this chart) The RSI is at 77.33 (severly overbought)

2. Price has struck R2 daily pivot and appears to reject

3. Ewaves painted completion of W5

Quandary:the size of the candle (as of now) is only 18 pips. I've seen these candles get ignored a ton during strong up trends.

But as I stated previously what is life without a few risks?

--- 帖子 #1457 ---
Thank you sir! Any input on that EU1H W5?

--- 帖子 #1458 ---
me too - I closed manually because it approached the TZ1 and at the time you'll notice the AO was divergent. I got skeered and took my +25 to the bank.

I have been wanting to get in on a W5 complete wave though. Haven't had the guts since getting taken out on a SL GJ trade last week. I'll continue to watch this one though as it is the 1H and is overbought

--- 帖子 #1459 ---
hi 9er..

personally..still looking higher level also to add another bullet ...

--- 帖子 #1460 ---
Who can figure the EU anymore? Good lord - thank god for buy and sell stops!

--- 帖子 #1461 ---
Looks like you were exactly right - the size of that pinbar was suspect

--- 帖子 #1462 ---
but news made 30-40 pip spike up in 1 minute wkkwkwkw

ECB says banks to repay 137.2 bln euros of 3-year LTRO money Jan 30

and i can't stop my itchy finger boaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa

--- 帖子 #1463 ---
was dreaming about this when news realesed grhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh

--- 帖子 #1464 ---
Yup only I was dreaming about it during the last hourly candle. I have a sell stop in at 3423

--- 帖子 #1465 ---
gonna watch 3460 ish

--- 帖子 #1466 ---
Well I received a reprieve from school duties today. Am off for the weekend. Have a good weekend

--- 帖子 #1467 ---
Have a nice weekend. I would be too embarassed too post my trades, maybe when i win one!

Later.

--- 帖子 #1468 ---
My trade still open for the next week...Now it has negative side on UJ.

--- 帖子 #1469 ---
All 3 pairs open with gap up...oh nice, I close some long order for +219 pips, nice start for the week....Left the rest 3 long and move all SL to BE+1

--- 帖子 #1470 ---
as usual congratulationssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss

closed my old long (eu) on B/E and re shoot her at 68 and 43 again grrrrrrrrhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh

***

what time your broker open dude ? mine is open at 4 am ( gmt + 7 ) and gap down

if yours open at 5 am ( gm + 7 ), yes there is gap UP

--- 帖子 #1471 ---
yes my broker open at 5am...looking for retracement to add more green soldier here, or switch side to red soldier...let the market judge

--- 帖子 #1472 ---
could be higher ...and make new high first

--- 帖子 #1473 ---
Yes, new high first

--- 帖子 #1474 ---
global i see .. bearish butterfly

and in the right leg i see ... shark. and in right leg of shark.. i see deep crab ... ( these could be sub pattern and sub sub pattern of major/global bearish butterfly )

agree.. let market tell.....

gonna having sarapan heula ( break fast first ) ...

c yaaaaaaaaaaaaa

***

lapar mas bro....

--- 帖子 #1475 ---
Lagi nunggu tukang bubur langganan lewat ini...hehehe

--- 帖子 #1476 ---
See 30 traders viewing, 8 are members...but still lack of contributors....Maybe they shy to post here

--- 帖子 #1477 ---
targetting... B point of the harmonic as first TP. could be lower but gonna see how the PA around the B first

--- 帖子 #1478 ---
9er, I can understand your point of view, along with your frustration level surrounding what can be seen as a lack of participation in this thread. As much as I wish I could offer something substanial to this thread, I have little choice in standing on the sidelines, while going over every post, chart and indicator with the extremely limited time I have access to this.

I generally don't get home from my second job until 11pm and am up again at 5am to start over. I for one, would like to say THANK YOU for every scrap of information you have offered and I will continue to go over it while trading on the longer time frames. If you should choose to no longer post, I would appreciate if you would leave the thread intact.  YOU have opened my eyes to ideas I hadn't begun to consider.

Thanks again for your time and energy.

--- 帖子 #1479 ---
gonna watch 336x-339x first...

--- 帖子 #1480 ---
yes ....one of my bulls was killed

--- 帖子 #1481 ---
If that isn't the most perfect hanging man I don't know what is - it lined up perfectly with W3

--- 帖子 #1482 ---
there is hidden selling right on the W3 candle

--- 帖子 #1483 ---
Damn - it was picture perfect!

--- 帖子 #1484 ---
in harmonic... no straight line.. there is always second chance before real move.......... i mean second top ( not a must )........ but most of the time she will make it first as C then move to D

but no exact rules... trading not 1 + 1 = 2

imho

--- 帖子 #1485 ---
but already booked hundreds of pip huhhhh.......................

--- 帖子 #1486 ---
That is exactly what I am watching for

--- 帖子 #1487 ---
Also notice the bearish engulfing pattern where the "3" painted on the 30M chart. Price went sideways for a bit and then down, albeit not much

--- 帖子 #1488 ---
me too.. to add some more...

--- 帖子 #1489 ---
So the question remains - are we looking at an "X" to "A" or an "ABC"? My guess is ABC although argument can be made of X to A

--- 帖子 #1490 ---
should be another bearish pattern in lower TF bro.. waiting for another D

gonna be happy if she make new high first ( or at least retest today's high or friday's high ) then shoot

at the moment we stucked in around 60-61 daily fib ( hi low of frinday)

***

there is tools in my first page of my thread to draw regular fibo ( not indi.. just instant fibo to determine our location ...relative to prev period )

--- 帖子 #1491 ---
That's my wish

--- 帖子 #1492 ---
any 1 see ..there is already butterfly/crab in m5 and we alredy move from D to B on this pattern. now we're in B

b could be intepreted as strong support in past and now the PA is re testing it ( imho )

--- 帖子 #1493 ---
bearish butterfly in m1 ??

--- 帖子 #1494 ---
Either way it doesn't matter to my trade. I closed it manually at +9

--- 帖子 #1495 ---
did we have C point already ( yesterday's high )  and ready to break B point ( yesterday's low ) of our potential bullish harmonic  ?

339x-340x is on eyed... could be lower... to friday's low or friday's open line. there will be some B points of old bearish harmonic  down there

mr. time will tell us the truth

--- 帖子 #1496 ---
EJ15M crossed TL looks to be retesting. I have buy stop in place with TP +20

--- 帖子 #1497 ---
As I painted it yesterday

--- 帖子 #1498 ---
AO on the daily is divergent

--- 帖子 #1499 ---
finally ...someone realized it also .........

but let see how market later....... we never know

--- 帖子 #1500 ---
yes there is bearish signal in multiple tf

--- 帖子 #1501 ---
Apologies - I thought I posted this earlier. I placed a sell stop 122.181 took +10 at 122.081. I have already cancelled the buy stop I had in place

--- 帖子 #1502 ---
Simultaneous Buy and Sell stops a practice I haven't previously used

I have found when using the advanced AO indicator, when price gets around the trend line 1 of a couple of things occur

1. price crosses and breaks the TL (in which case I like to place a buy or sell stop at the "break candle's" high or low)

2. Price bounces (is rejected) off the TL (in which case I like to place a buy or sell stop at the "bounce candle's" high or low

3. A break or bounce, then a subsequent retest of the TL before resuming. Placing SL too close may cause inadvertant or premature closing of your trade, only to watch it resume in the original direction (very irritating)

if price hugs the TL I have found the need to place both a buy and sell stop. The first one to trigger should negate the need for the remaining order and it should be deleted.

Hopefully this clarifies why I placed a buy and sell stop simultaneously

Edit: Another reason for deleting one of the two orders would be: if neither has triggered, and if price exceeds what you had earmarked as the stop loss for the other order - THAT order should be deleted. In the example below, this is exactly what happened. Price went to what I had marked as my SL (even though it did not trigger) and prompted me to place a sell stop. Indicating a rejection of the TL. Which, in this case worked out beautifully

--- 帖子 #1503 ---
here is another example of rejecting then retesting. Price was rejected as you can see, but is now making a move back UP to the TL. Only what I am seeing now is a possible break of the TL as it appears to be a pretty nice ABC pattern looking to paint the completion of D (targeting just above TZ1)

--- 帖子 #1504 ---
or not

--- 帖子 #1505 ---
B

--- 帖子 #1506 ---
A simple pic for gu tomorrow
http://screencast.com/t/fR8ZC4fZo

--- 帖子 #1507 ---
I   have done as it say on page1 i have sciped it all  and begin on page 58  there are some teaching but after that it feels like i come in to in the middle of something just trade exxamples no teaching am i missing something i am on page 60 now still not so mutch teaching. Shall i read from page 1  or just continue from where i am if i like to learn this method 9er trades ?

Best regards

--- 帖子 #1508 ---
I have now read the thread   9er please teach me more of your knowledge for example about the RSI  i think there are many here  that are intreste in what you have to teach but maybe  they are just little shy.

Best regards

--- 帖子 #1509 ---
what does a  inverted  candle means ? are all  away from this thread ?

Best regards

--- 帖子 #1510 ---
Hi all,

Not sure if this thread is still active?

I'm trying to set up the ewaves indicator but struggling at the minute, I've saved it to the indicator file and it appears in the navigator but I can't apply it to a chart for some reason. I've also tried saving it in the scripts file but the same result!

Does anybody have an idea what I'm doing wrong?

Thanks in advance

Del

--- 帖子 #1511 ---
Hopefully sorted now thanks!

Del :-)


===== 附件下载链接 =====

handbook.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1089265?d=1354126816
ZUP_v76_5-0_mod.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1089266?d=1354126816
ZUP_v76_5-0_mod.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1089267?d=1354126816
handbook.xlsx: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1089616?d=1354173994
handbook.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1089627?d=1354174685
Charts Expounded.docx: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1089851?d=1354196010
Top 10 Common Candlestick patterns.docx: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1089852?d=1354196010
Divergence Hidden Divergence Fibos(1).pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1090059?d=1354209018
Gartley ABCD.docx: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1090401?d=1354257911
Gartley ABCD 2.docx: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1090402?d=1354257911
ABCD Pattern ROE.doc: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1091527?d=1354475099
Gartley ABCD.docx: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1091737?d=1354511933
Gartley ABCD 2.docx: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1091738?d=1354511933
Charts Expounded.docx: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1092035?d=1354535470
DCASTFX Advance Pattern Reference Guide Revised.docx: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1092154?d=1354544179
Gartley ABCD.docx: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1092169?d=1354545072
Charts Introduction.docx: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1092878?d=1354619956
IBFX - DailyPivots with inputs.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1092929?d=1354626031
New Trading Dimensions - How To Profit From Chaos In Stocks, Bonds, And Commodities - Bill Willi.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1093547?d=1354694872
ZUP_v122.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1104501?d=1356112551
handbook.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1111247?d=1357555143
ZUP_v76_5-0_mod.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1111248?d=1357555143
ZUP_v76_5-0_mod.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1111249?d=1357555143
Top 10 Common Candlestick patterns.docx: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1111872?d=1357617685
Charts Expounded.docx: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1111890?d=1357620569
Charts Introduction.docx: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1111891?d=1357620569
Gartley ABCD.docx: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1111984?d=1357632898
Gartley ABCD 2.docx: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1111985?d=1357632898
Charts Expounded.docx: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1112727?d=1357708416
IBFX-Waves.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1115889?d=1358146354
