===== 帖子内容 =====

--- 帖子 #1 ---
Update 11-22-2011

Guys.

I am actively trading my journal here: http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...=1#post5156030

You're welcome to join. Thanks...

11-28-2011 By some inquires, I am re-activating this thread. I am planning to stay home until next year. Meaning, as soon as I begin teaching actively, I will be around here sometimes. As for now, let's have fun!

Ok….those who know me knows (isn’t that redundancy?)  that I hate bullshit. I do what I want and I really don’t give a fuck if you either lose or win…not my problem. Pretty much my ground rules are established in the system I and II so go back and read.. Or check my defunct loser’s journal, there’s some aspects of my personality.

Just to add, I am not here to baby sit or to win a popularity contest. Not here to create a cult of followers…you come here, lay your question on the table and please leave the bullshit behind I don’t have the patience nor the time to deal with it.

Well (scratching my throat) now that we have an understanding…let the show begin.

I just quit scalping. Yeah many years of my eyes on the numbers definitely took a toll on me.  Still cold turkey but improving.

I am gonna trade ..(oh yeah baby!) Support and Resistance…but let’s get something straight…

All the guru’s and their mothers are chanting like a bunch of drunken sailors how you’re “supposed” to draw correct S/R lines…….Bullshit. I say…that aint gonna make me money.

You just simply look for turning points in the past. There’s something called “zoom” in your charts and I bet if you zoom your charts out you’ll see what I am talking about.

Don’t wait for the market to “test” these turning points or you’ll be missing the bus more often than not. Just get up, shut up and trade…simple…. no need to fuck the brain into what the market will do next….

I am picking 30 minutes charts because I feel comfortable with it. You pick whatever you want. Remember on lower timeframes you’ll get more noise…It’s up to you.

I am going to stop right here and the rest of the class will be illustrated on the charts at the next post.

Stay tuned!!

PD: Please…I beg…I supplicate….don’t ask me for statistics….if you’re in to that, be my guest…probably is a good way of stay focused while you masturbate!!!

Update 03-10-2010

I don't want to be rude or anything but this is not a thread for newbies. I can't teach people how to trade(the basics). I am only here for my point of view on trading. If you're about to trade, don't ask me if this is the right time or something...go ahead and do it. Use the reasoning I lay out on this thread and make your own call.  I don't teach newbies. Nothing wrong with that but there's plenty of info about the basics of trading everywhere. I can't  advice anyone how, when and where to trade... Trading is an individualistic thing hence my disagreement about "fixed systems"

Just load some charts, put your trade with stops/limits etc and gives us a brief explanation about your logic behind the trade....do the work......if you do that, then I am willing to give a hand.

Another thing that truly has bugged me for a while and this is a rant...trust me

Stop this "I trade GPB/JPY because it has more pips etc bullshit....you trade out of comfort. ... or maybe time zones depending where you live....and risk tolerance. It doesn't matter of G/U has more "juice" than E/U etc. You still need to adjust your load based on your pre-determined risk. So if the daily range of G/U is wider than E/U you still are bonded on your risk. Stop chasing wild dreams...Stick to one pair and be the master of it. Stick to a time frame and be the master of it....It's about time to bring down the fucking stereotype walls on this business and begin to make money consistently.

Update 3-13-2010

I suggest you look for my older post in system I and II so you get a hang of how I think about trend trading, multiple timeframes etc.

--- 帖子 #2 ---
You need to become an expert on how to look for turning points in the past....I will call it "Past Reference"  Your job is to draw them into the future and be on the lookout for possible turning points. Could be highly probable that the market will react at those points. As to what mechanics are involved in this process...that's completely beyond this thread.

Anticipate the move. Put a stop-limit order (stop-loss at a reasonable distance for the turning point) and the target could be the latest turning point at the opposite direction(please look at the charts on my current trade)

Do me a favor and don't use Bollinger Bands, Keltner food or any of that good stuff. Use price...learn how to read the market...horizontal lines will suffice.

Let the market to it's thing(oh boy I feel weird saying this).

It's not recommendable to trail your stop on this one unless you see the market stalled close to your target...then you should break even...

Trade relax....

Look for a time frame that is comfortable to you.....I found a good balance on 30 minutes.

Here's the charts.

Note: I modified the target point on the charts. As you noticed, I don't place my target exactly at the price when the market started to turn.

--- 帖子 #3 ---
Hi  FEB,

Nice to see you back and going ......... with a strong engine..... I supposed......jk

I have been following your System I & II, been using it since then, but needed further improvement.

I will be waiting for your wisdom and teaching, thus further enchanced my trading skill.

God Bless Your Health !!!

Winston

--- 帖子 #4 ---
does this work on any pair ? i'm learning trade nake chart~ simple n easy~!

--- 帖子 #5 ---
Good to see you back in action Feb. Looking forward to System III.

--- 帖子 #6 ---
Thank you guys!!

Need to know that turning points and past reference are normally uneven. There's not exactly perfect on price. Look for areas.

As for targets, I forgot to mention that I don't look for the exact turning point but I leave some room just in case. I can't tell you in matter of pips . You just avoid be the last soul to leave the train .

--- 帖子 #7 ---
Great to hear from you again.  I was just thinking the other day that you had mentioned a while back that you might bring us a 30min. routine.  Thanks.

--- 帖子 #8 ---
I've been thinking about this for a long time. I've been trading for about a week already and it's comfortable for me.

I will be posting some trades on Monday and hopefully we can add more people to the mix.

--- 帖子 #9 ---
Nice one Feb

I trade these levels but using a slightly different criteria such as looking at the strength of the previous move, which will weed out some of the losers (IMO). Depending on the strength of the move I either place a limit order or I zoom into the lower time frame to guage my entry in relation to price action and get in with a market order.

I also look at multiple time frame levels so if I have a 60 min supply level very near a daily demand level I avoid the 60 min trade.

Do you consider how many times a level has been tested already? I find if it has been tested say more than 3 times it begins to weaken and is less likely to be profitable.

One thing I don't do is take a previous level where price has already driven through it - something for me to look at (stats wise - don't worry I won't bore you with it), thanks.

--- 帖子 #10 ---
Hey, feb... could anyone make an EA for this??

Oh no!!!.. just kidding....

Good to see you around!

Got my eyes on (as SI and SII)...

To those who may seek for a way to see S/R zones... A tip that worked for me on early days... how to spot the "turning points".... in MT4 switch the chart from candlestick/bars to LINE... it's a cleaner view.. search for those sharp "V"s.... that's it... draw the lines... the switch back to your prefered kind...

Cheers!

HT

--- 帖子 #11 ---
I don't look at any other timeframe. Just what I have in front of me. Makes my trading simpler. I tell you one thing, there's no way to measure weakness or strength that is a myth. The market is simply a collective state of mind and honestly you have no clue on what's gonna happen next nor your next trade is gonna be successful or not. Even volume is deceiving.

Timeframes are just a way to get things organized. If you're going to measure the market on a timebase then you need to go all the way down to the ticks.

Charts, timeframes, candlesticks, lines etc - are just made for the eyes of the beholder. The market won't show it's hands until the move has already pass. This is why trading is difficult. It's all about probabilities.

In my time, back in the 80's, you just have half of a pencil (with no eraser) and a blank piece of paper...the rest was up to you...

There's a balance of control between risk and caution on this game. The good thing is that you have complete control over the risk. Of course if you know what your doing management wise. But if you're too cautious then you won't have consistency . You must take risk but make sure where your limits are. Trying to avoid losing is the main reason why some sort of traders are basically at the starting point by the end of the month....that's not consistency that's a waste of time..

--- 帖子 #12 ---
oh yeaH that's a good one Doc!!!

Good thing about line charts you don't have to deal with this red-blue up and down thing that candlestick/bar shows

In other words you don't trade on your toes.

How are your patients treating ya!!??

--- 帖子 #13 ---
hmmmmm

Problem with that is, you might get a period of consolidation at a level and then a very strong move down. Whilst I agree with you that the best turning points are those that spend the least time at a level before turning, a strong move out of consolidation can sometimes make up for the indecision at an area to be a good probability trade set up when price returns to that level.

Another thing that came to mind is that when I see two areas stacked close together, I usually find the one furthest away is the stronger level to take eg, if it is a demand zone, some of the buyers have already been taken out by some sellers at the lower level, so when it gets to the level above it there are less buyers to contend with. Also, your risk reward is better with the furthest level.

FEB: Thanks for your comments, I'll take them on-board. Looking forward to more of your wisdom.

--- 帖子 #14 ---
Damn... they ask me to prescribe that nasty medicine I take.... but I'm evil... I keep giving them water pills....

Just don't know why they don't come back....

Cheers!

--- 帖子 #15 ---
Zig-Zag to show turning points?

--- 帖子 #16 ---
Just your set of eyes.

--- 帖子 #17 ---
I quit trading for today - my short trade was going well..

So far I had a great week.  I got one loser today - but I recoup some of that money.

Don't like to leave trades hanging for the weekend...

I am used to fast pace environment. 30 min charts is soooo slow, but is good for me so I'll stick with that.

--- 帖子 #18 ---
I haven't read through your other threads so this may be answered already

Playing the devils advocate for a minute, S/R in a range will yield a good supply of Ping-Pong trades back and forth between levels, but on the run no level is safe.  Are you looking for a bounce and retest of these areas before entering, or smaller timeframe PA around them as confirmation there's buyers/sellers in the vicinity?

regards

--- 帖子 #19 ---
Volume is just a big LOL!!

Ok what about the angle? a normal trend is 45, isnt it? maybe this is the strength of the move?

what about long/short ratios?  how many pairs is optimal to avoid missing ... 1 is poor... 2 is ok but wanna more... and then ' here comes the cocaine man...'

like wasting your time in online poker tournaments

thnks for your posts

--- 帖子 #20 ---
Working fine in short time frame 10sec to 1 min.

First years ago i did try short time scalping and ouch not worked

I just did buy when move already happened and too late.

Then more years i did try with longer time frames.

Outch too often market turn away and stop hitted.

Then i slowly started to keep winning side but just a liten.

About 1 moth ago i stardet again now after many years

look short times and scalping....and wow look like its working now.

So if want to learn turning points this could be thread to read

weekend coming good time to read over 3000 post.

And realise that short time scalping is actually short time

just few hours per day and done.

And possibly to use bigger risk with tide 4 to 6 stops

and really start to grow account.

->  http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=187854

--- 帖子 #21 ---
One of the advantages of higher time frames is the accumulation of data given. In other words, the more people looking at short and calling short the better it is. Higher time frames are nothing more than a compilation of short moves piling up. I am betting on that. There's nothing you can do if you get on a runner. You're definitely getting crushed. But I don't avoid losing, it's part of it. You can wait for a bounce or a confirmation, yes of course. But I  like to be first in line always. I take the chance.

Having other variables will make me missing the bus more often than not. I don't want it. I play pullbacks on short moves. Here I have 30 minutes of people banging the market on one side, rejecting a level.

oh!! I think I know what you mean. Correct me if I'm wrong please. I prefer to wait for the bar to close, but it all depends on momentum. If I see that particular bar going long/short with brute force, I would not miss the chance.

--- 帖子 #22 ---
Good explanation, thanks.

I would be weary of stepping out at any level in front of price without it showing some kind of respect first.  Do you scale into your trades, throwing a partial out at the early stages, or full in and how much leeway are you giving ?

Sorry if you've already answered this.

--- 帖子 #23 ---
Dear Great Feb,

I wish you to be best in your health always live longer happy and wealthy life. You are great man. You had given us life changing stuff.

I am very very thankful to you and very happy to see your new thread.

BTW is there any new indicator, you are going to use...? lol.

You are great Feb....

--- 帖子 #24 ---
Dear Feb,

thanks for starting this new thread. I followed your teaching in System II and now I'm able to look at the market from a different and better perspective. I'm eager to know more about System III.

Please go ahead.

Umbro

--- 帖子 #25 ---
Thank you sir. I like it that way.

What is your ticks goal and stoplost on m30.

regard's

--- 帖子 #26 ---
On what time frames do you identify these turning points...I mean what time frame do you get the s/r from?

--- 帖子 #27 ---
Check the charts I posted - look at the left upper corner

You can use any timeframe you want. Just bear in mind that the shortest will carry more noise.

--- 帖子 #28 ---
Stop loss - a reasonable distance from the turning point based on risk management.

Tick goals - profit target - I tend to look at the latest turning point (contrary ) like for instance, if I am short, I look for the last long turning point as a possible target - or I might trail my stop to B/E - all depends on how I feel like it....Look at the charts I posted and the trade I was running...

--- 帖子 #29 ---
Okay.

I also use a similar approach to yours- I hope you do not mind me sputtering out what I use here

My basic premise is that there is a "underlying" trend and it shows itself over a period of last 30 days or so. Trends can and do last much longer than 30 days, but since I trade intraday, I consider last 30 days or so sufficient data.

Now I zoom out on a 4 hour chart (I just like this time frame since it aligns better with my day job) and add lines at where I see the price has turned within 30 days or so.

Once I am ready to trade I go back to the H1 TF where I trigger, wait for the close of the candle and go long or short based on that close. It is not up to the pip s/r but that is ok since I trade with decent size stop orders.

Attached is a chart on both H4 and H1 Time frame.

--- 帖子 #30 ---
I believe time frame are just for our comfort level. The best time frame is that which is makes more sense to us (indvidually for each trader).

Feb has explained it very accurately in his system II post:
http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...7&postcount=38

I would stick with 30 min Eur/USD, as each time frame has its own range, rytham and ecah pair is different animal. Once we learn the art to skin the cat then time frame, pair no problem, we can choose anyone.

--- 帖子 #31 ---
I have a question about entry point. When price reaches near the turning point do our entry point is based on the momentam that it is slowing down and now market is looking to turn or we just place our orders set once we draw the turning points?

One more question, our orders are set when price touches the turning point or we already had set our order before market reach there.

--- 帖子 #32 ---
Very important!!!

Levels don't necessary hold. Sometimes you'll find yourself in a breakout. There's no way to tell. I can't tell you when that's going to happen. There's nothing in this world that will show you in advance what will come next.

If you want to follow thru on the breakout, be my guest. Nothing wrong with that. Just try at least to get a pullback to minimize the risk.

--- 帖子 #33 ---
I wait for the turning bar/candle to close. You can setup a leeway of about 10 pips on the stop order to avoid a double top/bottom. Stop loss should be at the other side at a reasonable distance from the turning bar.

If you choose to play the breakout, then put your stop loss at the end of the breakout bar with at least some space (to avoid double top/bottom) and wait for a pullback before placing the stop order(entry).

Here's an "indicator" that draws horizontal lines on fractals. I was playing around with it and I decided that I will follow mayor turning points. I customized so the red lines will only appear. Still on the test mode.

--- 帖子 #34 ---
If I can help. No needs to %$67?%%& with colors.

I modified it to reflect Feb preferences.

Only two lines.

--- 帖子 #35 ---
Happy birthday dear feb!

I wish you excellent health and a solid runner from this round number

--- 帖子 #36 ---
Thanks Jalp, it is nice have only two lines as Feb mentioned. I will use this. Thanks again.

--- 帖子 #37 ---
thank you!!!!

--- 帖子 #38 ---
Oh boy,

Feb, you lure me into system III which I've benefited from system I

--- 帖子 #39 ---
Is that for the system I???

wow!!!

--- 帖子 #40 ---
yes, master. I will folloow u

--- 帖子 #41 ---
Wow I didn't know it was your birthday Feb!!!

In that case.

Happy Birthday!!!!!!! This one is on me.

--- 帖子 #42 ---
Buon Compleanno Feb!

--- 帖子 #43 ---
I wish you great happiness, a joy that never ends.

--- 帖子 #44 ---
In this system III, is the market or session start timings are important? And should we give preference to London and overlap time of London and NY open?

--- 帖子 #45 ---
Hi FEB,

System II really changed my trading style by 360 degrees . It made  me to look the charts in a manner which I was never capable to do previously .

I was heavily dependent on indicators and my trading style was more towards scalping which made me blew my 1st real account.

Will be following this thread very closely .

Happy belated Birthday and may this year produce bountiful pips than last year

Best Regards,

Kantha

--- 帖子 #46 ---
thanks!!!!

--- 帖子 #47 ---
Hello Feb,  thanks for sharing and started this new thread.  I have a couple of questions about when to apply System III. For example, you said you took some nice trades last week and we were in a choppy market. Under normal conditions, especially during the london/newyork session, runners occur frequently and eventually against an existing position as you said. Under these conditions any clues  ? What about the asian session, there are plenty of opportunities to play ping pong. How do you set a reasonable stoploss ?   Umbro

--- 帖子 #48 ---
My 2 cents: This method is not just successful during ping pong periods. Every trend starts from an area of support or resistance so its up to you to manage your trades for the runners. If I have a trade go against me breaking out of a level in the opposite direction I then wait for a retrace back to the support/resistance level before going in the new direction. If I miss that as long as i get in on a pull back where there is room to move (i.e distance from entry to next support/resistance level), you can recover any losses from the previous move and come out with profit. The name of the game is being flexible with careful risk:reward for each trade.

--- 帖子 #49 ---
This exactly why I don't believe in fixed systems. If you have a bias(long/short) and the market goes against you...what would you do??

if you're trading against a level and the market goes aginst you...like porkpie said - simply look the other way...

Thanks for this detailed explanation brother. I feel so happy when someone grasp a concept.

--- 帖子 #50 ---
Hi FEB... and sorry for being late, but anyways, HAPPY BIRTHDAY!

I wish you'll receive thousands of times what you have given me. First post in System II truly changed my way to look at markets, and possibly enhanced my life.

I will keep an eye in your new creation. So far I read everything on this thread, but will have to change my mind to understand exactly what you are doing.

Take care!

--- 帖子 #51 ---
no problem Elizo....come back anytime.

--- 帖子 #52 ---
Here's a myth I heard so many times.

!oh this system is good when the market is trending but in range will kill ya!!

it's about time you guys get out of the rat race!...who cares if is trending or ranging. Play the market as it is...If is a breakout from a level, play accordingly....if is a bounce off...play accordingly.....no bias just look for the benjamin's $$$$. If you can get any fat off the market, then shut the charts down and go have a beer , smoke a fat one or do whatever you like in you free time...... bug someone for a change(your wife, kids, dog??)!!!!

If you're trading anything lower than a daily chart, just forget about the trend - there's no use.. Oh yeah will be so easy "if the market is up - buy...if the market is down...sell" but for how long will be down or up??? who knows???...who cares??

A valid move AKA TREND must have enough sellers or buyers IN agreement about the market bias. That requires plenty of time.

--- 帖子 #53 ---
Agree 100%...

I have a day job... that means, >4H TF, large stops, and positions open for weeks...

I the "mean time" someone who trades 15m, 30m could have made lots of pips of my "retracements"...

But, be aware, guys.... if you trade faster TFs, pay attention to intermarket correlations (Dow, S&P, commodities, bonds...)

Cheers!

--- 帖子 #54 ---
feb, I just love it. These simple approaches will always work in every market.

--- 帖子 #55 ---
i think it doesnt work too well for all currencies, only majors

--- 帖子 #56 ---
Supply and demand 'works' (with the correct MM) for all currencies and all markets.

--- 帖子 #57 ---
Thanks Feb and Porkpie.

Take the market as it is and act accordingly. I like very much the suggestion about a possible re-entry in case the trade goes against me.

I will appreciate if you could post some more charts even if the method has been described clearly.

FEB, thank you very much for your great contribution.

It's a pleasure and a honor to read your posts.

Umbro

--- 帖子 #58 ---
My style is slightly different so check Feb's journal http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=158039 for more of his charts.

--- 帖子 #59 ---
Hello guys.

I've been trading this week and the results are good. I've been also checking on 4hr charts but I swear is too slow for me. But for those who likes 4hr the "system" works nice .

Thanks for the 5 star rate even though this is just a newly made thread.

There's nothing more of what I just already stated...no complications or snakey lines to follow. Just simple price the way I like it.

--- 帖子 #60 ---
I had done two trades on 30 min. They went in profit and it is very easy to understand and manage.

I am also following your System II basic teachings and also they are very simple and amazing effective....

You are full of starts Sir and there is no doubt that your thread is 5 start...this is 5 start becuase forexfactory has no 6th one...other wise I am sure.. your thread would have 6th too.

--- 帖子 #61 ---
I had done a short on E/U 30 min and my TP hit as I set before next support. In that case can I enter again short after breaking and pull back that support, or should I keep the existing trade in and add another one on breaking the support? Thanks for another simple system.

--- 帖子 #62 ---
That is my quote from the System II thread a long way back......

wait for it.....

.............

..........

I TOLD YOU SO.

--- 帖子 #63 ---
Hello, Mr Feb!!!

I am glad to see you again!

New thread, new wisdom! Great!

I wish your new thread as much success as it has The System II thread.

That thread is the truly fatherland of most succesful traders.

Your thread the System II was more than just useful for me.... It was my start in trading. Really valid start after many years of reading all kind of stupid books, going to seminars etc. etc. .....

So,...  but I am still here. I trade.

Thank you!!!

I wish you very good health, and... Take care, brother! You are great man!

P.S. I do very like your words about what you are doing with all kind negative things in your life! Cool!

--- 帖子 #64 ---
You deserve it! and Happy Birthday a little bit late. i know now what's 2865 means.

--- 帖子 #65 ---
Although I just started a week ago to actually using System II but so far it is consistent. I dont care what big players do. They have bigger accounts and different goals and different situation.

I believe time frame is just to make data simple to read otherwise market is not aware of any time frame. So time frame is just matter of prefrence and nothing but that is correct each time frame is different animal due to its average range.

No system would give consistency, every system works and every system fails depend who is driving and how is driving.

Trade managment... that is key to consistency.... I am  following System II and it is amazing and will follow System III and System IV too.

They are not system.. they are blue prints and sketeches... you have to fill colors in them by yourself...

These are just my opinion can be wrong too.

--- 帖子 #66 ---
Yeah, means that I am 45....but don't kid yourself, I still look like 30 something...really no gray her (knowck on wood) no boldie...no wrinkles...of course I am 45 but still alive and kicking LOL

OH I forgot...plenty of health for 2010 thanks to the prayers and good karma from all of you guys!!

--- 帖子 #67 ---
No problem! Take a seat my friend!

--- 帖子 #68 ---
hello my brother!! come back anytime!!!

This is just a personaL touch as I am moving away to slooooower pastures LOL!!!

MAN!!! 30 minutes is slow! but I guess is a matter of time....

One thing I can tell you guys is about my stress level. Really is better now!!!

--- 帖子 #69 ---
errr right ok, so what you are saying is that the smart money do not day trade and that supply demand doesn't exist on lower time frames.

--- 帖子 #70 ---
I am lost???

what is your point brother??

--- 帖子 #71 ---
I think what he is saying is you have moved from 5 min to the less noisy 30 min chart and he suggests he told you so (not sure why he thinks 30 min levels are the 'major' levels!?).

--- 帖子 #72 ---
Not at all. A while back when the System II thread began I told the followers that they needed to be cautious because taking breaks in higher highs / lower lows on a 5 minute chart was very dangerous - in my opinion, just dumb. Everyone bashed me.

Anyway, long story short - the group eventually figured this out and decided to filter these HH/LL breaks by only trading reversals or "FCRs" as they called them. Still, noise is noise. Now we have the System 3 which is based on major Support and Resistance - again, my opinion, the only thing that matters.

Trading lower time frames is completely fine (I do it all the time) SO LONG AS you focus on the BIGGER PICTURE. It's something that too many day traders never get and end up blowing up their accounts. By all means trade the lower time frames but do so in the grander scheme of things.

Again, just my opinion.  I have no problems with the System 3 at all.

--- 帖子 #73 ---
Thanks feb for system 3, have benefited much from system 1 and 2. I look for past turning points on the hourly. I like your approach to trading, hopefully this will not mutate into some 3 alphabets trading set up.

--- 帖子 #74 ---
ah ha, you make total sense now

--- 帖子 #75 ---
I do to anyone familiar with the System 2 thread....

--- 帖子 #76 ---
I got you point brother..

We need to go back to the "trade what you're comfortable" thing. I personally warned people many times about "noise trading" and that you need to figure out if this is something for you or not..

But in your post you said that you doubt anyone could be consistent using this method. I have to disagree. I've been trading off price close to 30 years. Yes real price, not the "price action" people are touting everywhere.

Actually, I began trading with no charts Just the price you see on the board at NYSE - if you want noise that would be the ultimate noise trading.

Charts are good. But they only handles the data in a certain way to fits you needs. If you want too trade noise looking at the bigger picture then why not to trade the bigger picture and screw the noise?? think about it..

When you choose a way of trading (scalping, long term etc) you must be aware of the pro's and con's of each. Hence my irony about systems.

Traders don't realize about how much control they have over their trading. They tend to synchronize themselves into this "buy x when z turns red etc" You need to have some room for thinking. Ultimately I can't put a trade for you nor anyone...it's your call.

Therefore should be your call deciding when and how to trade...or not...

Trading noise is more difficult than trading on higher notes....way more difficult. But some people like it that way, myself included.

I give people guidelines and in this particular case how I do it....

--- 帖子 #77 ---
I am 100% agree with that. There are many living proofs who are doing very well in System II with consistency. I am also improving much and feeling much control on my trades.

Thanks Feb for another wisdom treasure ...

--- 帖子 #78 ---
Hey Feb,

Thanks for a great thread. I am still reading The system 1 but this new thread caught my eye. Thought I'd post this possible trade setup coming up on the EURUSD.

Apologies if this is off topic an feel free to delete if its in the wrong place.

Thanks again for all the info.

James.

--- 帖子 #79 ---
At the end of the day, the only thing that matters is whether or not your making money. I agree with you.

By the way, I have nothing but respect for you and all your hard work. Much luck, health and happiness to you in the future.

--- 帖子 #80 ---
I am long at 1.3698 and stop loss is at 1.3660

--- 帖子 #81 ---
Feb one question I have...

As I am using your system II also and System III too on same pair...

Should my system II trade has some effect of System III setup....for example.. I am long on System III on 30 min charts..

Now should I give prefrence of long on 5 min. chart (system II ) instead of short trade?

--- 帖子 #82 ---
You need to pick one side - can't trade both "systems"...sorry

--- 帖子 #83 ---
Long play for today - nice

--- 帖子 #84 ---
What do U know?

we had a breakout - let's see how high it will fly.

If it fly at all...I have my doubts..

--- 帖子 #85 ---
Your are quite right. Your way is very significant. I have only been trading for nearly 5 years but in this time I have found the only true way to trade is not m/a but on price. Using your turning point, S/R, also horizontal lines on for visual. All indicators are good and have there uses but are based on historic events and are not immediate and current. Price is now, current.

Ciao for now, great strategy truly honest pure trading

--- 帖子 #86 ---
I'll try to summarize what I've read here - let me know what I got wrong feb.

1.  Using 30m charts (could be 60 or 240 but dropping lower will be noisier).

2.  Entry and exit based on S&R.

3.  S&R is just marking up the swing highs and lows as seen on 30m ohlc bars (or candles if one was so inclined)

4.  Feb seems to prefer exits a little inside the S&R; what might be considered the buy zone for someone who had entered in the other direction and thus the non-trend liquidation or the point at which reversal seems most likely if there is no trend in your trade's direction.

5.  Wait for the bar greeting S&R to close before entry. If it runs through the S&R like a hot knife through butter, consider the opposite position.  Only question I'd have on that one Feb is that a lot of people put weight on the hourly close .. I wonder if the half hourly that isn't hourly might be less reliable (did you look at that?).

A nice start on System III Feb

--- 帖子 #87 ---
Consistency, trade management, who is driving and how is driving.

You hit the nail on the head. Amazing post. Totally agreed.

--- 帖子 #88 ---
I personally didn't like the breakout...still the market can turn - anyway this was an odd trade I went in short on a lighter load....good for 60 pips

sometimes....ahhh you gotta take the risk. Just keep and eye on the load don't go overboard.....

--- 帖子 #89 ---
Hello Feb,

I took the same trade short @3672  with my stoploss 20 pips away looking for at least 20-30 pips.  Let's see what happens.

Thanks for posting your trade.

Umbro

--- 帖子 #90 ---
If I use both systems on different pairs... then is it ok?

My long trade hit the stop-loss. no prob. wash and reins.

--- 帖子 #91 ---
Technically, you can trade both. Just that many times you'll be long/short at the same time and that will probably affect your bottom line.

--- 帖子 #92 ---
Feb,

I'm still in the trade even if price came 1 pip near my SL.

Ok this is a risky trade before the news. I'm just wondering if you set your SL not only considering your risk etc. but also taking in to account you are playing System III.

Thanks

Umbro

--- 帖子 #93 ---
Yes - stops should be wider. Aside from risk, stops should be placed in a reasonable distance away from noise.

--- 帖子 #94 ---
Guys.

If you're going to play system III stick to it. Don't mix "systems"  I am not teaching hedging here.

System III is what I am currently trading - I just wanted to share with you guys. You're more than welcome to trade on a shorter time frame or maybe the daily. No problem. But just stick to one set of eyes please..

--- 帖子 #95 ---
I am going to stick with System III. No mix trade.

Here I am long again.

--- 帖子 #96 ---
The market is rejecting the 3690 area - check n' see the arrows on the back data on the charts. Just to keep your eyes open.

--- 帖子 #97 ---
News can fuel this move down  well who knows???

I like short better than long - actually I am still short despite it was a risky trade....we're speculators so we're allowed to take calculated risk

Actually on this trade I scaled out 1/2 - so the worst thing would be break even + the landlord fees...

--- 帖子 #98 ---
Waiting for the clown to screw the market, I have another the question if you don't mind. A reasonable distance away from noise could be the nearest support/resistance (if any) to your entry being careful stay near your SL based purely on your risk ?

Price started moving ...

Umbro

--- 帖子 #99 ---
a reasonable distance would be the stop loss away from any significant S/R.

Just remember the risk is set by you. It depends on how much load you are willing to give. The distance won't matter well, you can't put your stop like 100 pips away if you're trading off 5 minutes.

Entries near S/R it all depends on how far/close the entry will be from S/R  - I can't tell you more than what I just said. This is the part where you need to excise discretion. Ideally a close entry from S/R and hitting a runner - that's nice...

--- 帖子 #100 ---
the market won't pass 3690 area - mmmmm

unemployment claims coming - hope it takes this market down...

--- 帖子 #101 ---
hammering up but I am still short. holding..

--- 帖子 #102 ---
I closed for +8 pips. Unemployment claims not so bad but those long candles pointing upside scared me.

Thanks for the live experience and your suggestions. You are a great person.

I think you are still in the trade, right ?

Umbro

--- 帖子 #103 ---
Yes you are.

--- 帖子 #104 ---
I am looking for 3613 again I have no risk on this trade.....

--- 帖子 #105 ---
3633 area could hold but I am playing greedy here besides there's nothing to lose

--- 帖子 #106 ---
down play still looking for 3613 area

--- 帖子 #107 ---
Party is going on...how do you see next hurdle 1.36 ?

--- 帖子 #108 ---
feb,

Just came across your system here. I've been trading very similarly for about a year now. I also use a bit of elliott and a lot of fibonacci with my trading.

I also want to say that this style of S&R works well for any timeframe. I do several trades that last for weeks, and others that are short based on hourly/15m tf.

You've got something good here...please continue with your thoughts.

--- 帖子 #109 ---
Well, target reached...

still look for that 3592 level long....

see the charts..

--- 帖子 #110 ---
thanks

--- 帖子 #111 ---
That´s why I asked you. I´m looking for a long entry but it takes some time it seems.

Let´s see.

--- 帖子 #112 ---
the breakout I mentioned earlier was not supported by enough buyers, hence my doubts. I took a chance and went short based on that. It was risky but I had a good week so far so why not take the chance??

It seems like some banks were desperate to take the market to a new level - here's a proof that none can corner forex.

--- 帖子 #113 ---
hai feb...if this trade i enter like this can or not...a new learner here

--- 帖子 #114 ---
Hi Feb .... sir its so good to see you back in the game. I have been reading alot of your threads. I am sure you have heard many compliments already.

I appreciate the simple analysis and technique, its all about implementation and like you say not overly second guessing yourself. Loss part of the game, its risk.

I am posting a chart below, can you tell me which candle you would go short at and long? just for my guide .... I have put 2 lines reflecting past reference , so at the turning point which candle would u go with?

Take Care

--- 帖子 #115 ---
good to know about system III

--- 帖子 #116 ---
here's why you should become an expert on reading levels. Also pays not to have a fixed bias on the market.

It is a 4hr chart..., just to make a point.

--- 帖子 #117 ---
I am short at eur/usd. Is it valid entry?

--- 帖子 #118 ---
Gratz for the V3.

--- 帖子 #119 ---
Its a valid entry.

And it will be a valid entry whether it wins or loses.  What are your stops and targets and why?

--- 帖子 #120 ---
hi,

i am short  eu, 2.  try looks better now after london  open

--- 帖子 #121 ---
My hard stop loss is 100 pips, above the past reference point, but I would observe it and if that trade would go against me then I would close it manually by nimizing the risk at some point. Any comments and advise please?

--- 帖子 #122 ---
Feb, you started what seems to be a very interesting thread. However any tips ? as some guidance would be appreciated.

--- 帖子 #123 ---
What I understood, is you draw the levels based on past, they would be the turning points, so you place order when market approaches that turning point.

It is possible that market does not turn and breaks that level then in that case observe the level and wait for pull back.

keep your stop loss at far and reasonable distance. I think position sizing and money management is very important here. Any way Feb will explain it better. He had posted some charts in beginning.

--- 帖子 #124 ---
what else do you need my man???

--- 帖子 #125 ---
I got a PM that I will reply in public for the benefit of everyone.

This is not a ping pong trading stuff.....You might have a ping pong play, yes but not all the time....

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #126 ---
Thanks Feb ... My friend ... I like system II because I like to be attached with the market.

This style is much slower and one needs to be very patient.

However my main bread and butter is system II, maybe I play this too when an opportunity arises.

What you think?

Also how long have you been trading this? is it profitable in the long run?

--- 帖子 #127 ---
Guys..

Listen, I don't mind giving you some guidance but you must go over the material I lay out on this thread already. My suggestion is to take it easy and slow when studying. Don't need to rush it up. Get a good understanding on what this is all about and the just begin to load up charts. Explain your reasoning behind the trade and then we back you up. Don't be afraid, we're not here to judge you or anything like that.

here's a chart for this morning - I didn't take this trade but there's another rejection on 3690 area....

--- 帖子 #128 ---
It's all up to you and how you feel with it.

If you like something quicker then this might not be for you. But if you feel somehow attracted to this one, try both...it's all a matter of comfort.

Sorry but the last two questions, just in case you don't know me very well, I don't put any weight on that.

--- 帖子 #129 ---
hai feb... i take the trade at 1.3685 ...but got hit at 1.3705...normally the stoploss you will put how many pips and if reenter where you will enter again?

--- 帖子 #130 ---
Thanks Feb.

--- 帖子 #131 ---
what would you do??

will you re-enter??

--- 帖子 #132 ---
unless the price shoot up very fast......i will consider go long when it retrace to 1.3690. if not i will try to reenter at the same place again... because the risk reward can let me enter again....it is correct?

--- 帖子 #133 ---
now we're getting somewhere!!!

--- 帖子 #134 ---
is there any particular reason, you did not take that trade? i took that short as price has turned on this level before.

Did I miss some thing which need to be considered to take this trade?

Anyway now that move does not look good, should I close it?

--- 帖子 #135 ---
hai feb..right now the price is heading to 1.3690. would you consider entering again or wait for the price action to show fakeout? and you will enter later on?

--- 帖子 #136 ---
I didn't take the trade I was sleeping .

--- 帖子 #137 ---
what would you do??

--- 帖子 #138 ---
Ohh that is another filter .... i did not know that .... lol

--- 帖子 #139 ---
Another 3690 down play...

--- 帖子 #140 ---
hi Feb,

looking at EURUSD weekly and compare it with GBPUSD , is it not better to trade the pair with more movement like GBPUSD?

--- 帖子 #141 ---
1.  Is the movement divided by spread greater for GU than EU with your broker?

My broker is currently 1.5p on gu and 0.5p on eu so gu would have to have 3x greater moves to be more efficient for me (this applies if the average trade is reasonably small ((wins+losses)/number) but might be irrelevant here).

2.  Does it behave better or worse wrt the System III (how cleanly does it respect the SnR you're choosing to trade)?

3. If you're big, how is the liquidity?

--- 帖子 #142 ---
or maybe give it a shot?

--- 帖子 #143 ---
4xfusion, this is a system III thread, not a system II. Please post your questions in system II thread.

--- 帖子 #144 ---
Thanx Feb for starting System III. It's great.

I actually  have been trading this "system" profitably for a long time now,

so I had to read thru the thread to see I'm not missing anything.

And quite frankly I learned more of patience and people management here

than trading system. I like the way you handled some questions.

Keep up the good work. I'll always look in

Kenn

--- 帖子 #145 ---
Always happy to help, Kenn.

Thanks..

--- 帖子 #146 ---
Part of my teachings is forcing people to think.

here's a chart with no words...

make your own conclusions...

explain what happened...

just in case yes I took the trade.

--- 帖子 #147 ---
why??

--- 帖子 #148 ---
Don't bashh me hard. Hv a lil mercy.

I saw triple bottom.

the 3rd low is higher than the 2nd low.

and you long.....

--- 帖子 #149 ---
well....what would you do??

--- 帖子 #150 ---
Another chart..

what should you do???

Edited: I took some of the arrows out.

--- 帖子 #151 ---
http://www.jalpico.com/jalp.jpg

--- 帖子 #152 ---
excellent view!!

--- 帖子 #153 ---
just to give you a hint 3592 area is hot right now...if you're gonna play something wait for the market to reach there and observe......a breakout or a bounce???

--- 帖子 #154 ---
Feb,

I'd just like to add something to the thread that could be of value but if you don't want it, feel free to ignore it.

I trade pretty similar to what you guys are doing but I also use daily pivots in addition to my own support and resistance levels. I would highly recommend that you guys check them out.

See attached picture. Yellow lines are the pivots, the yellow dotted lines are the mid-levels. The purple line is the 3592 level that you have been following - notice how it's awfully close to that pivot line.

--- 帖子 #155 ---
I have answered- long.

Oh no you minus my mark for not answering properly...I try again.Tq

--- 帖子 #156 ---
I try again.

--- 帖子 #157 ---
What about now? Does it means that 1.3600 level rejecting longs?

--- 帖子 #158 ---
IMHO .... could be wrong.

--- 帖子 #159 ---
Just to illustrate two alternative paths 786 (based on the distance to daily support).

.

--- 帖子 #160 ---
Objective accomplished. What's next?

--- 帖子 #161 ---
Hello everyone. I have been a long time guest lurker at FF. It is an excellent resource. Today i just figured, why not setup an account actively to contribute to my as well as everyone else's trading process. Here was today's live trade.

I can't thank feb2865 enough for sharing his experience with us. Shout out man! Good trading to all.

Regards.

--- 帖子 #162 ---
Very nicely played!!

--- 帖子 #163 ---
now we're getting somewhere guys!!!!

As I said, I force people to think...to make a deep analysis on the charts. I am a fire starter...for those who knows my ways, I don't baby sit people....and that's for their own good...

I am very happy by the way this thread is turning.

--- 帖子 #164 ---
Keep throwing charts,Feb. This forces us to think hard. Surely cracking our head. At the same time sharing and compare what's other folks' view about the same chart.

Very good discussion happening here.

RATED: 10 STARS

--- 帖子 #165 ---
anybody trading today??

--- 帖子 #166 ---
long at 1.3620

--- 帖子 #167 ---
yap.. a short order is waiting

--- 帖子 #168 ---
then how about you feb? any trade taken now?

--- 帖子 #169 ---
I am short today eu

--- 帖子 #170 ---
G'day Feb,

It's very nice to see you active again and starting something new,

I hope your health is improving and that may give us some more opportunities to learn new tricks from "old dog"

I've been following your notes and advices for over a year now and that made me not only a consistent and successful trader,

but perhaps more importantly a stress-free and happy, ... a big thank you Feb once again.

Well, ... as "system I" is for swingers (daily time-frame) and "system II" is for scalpers (5 min. time-frame)

this new "system III" is covering the missing link between the other two, ... great idea Feb.

Trading "naked" price action of the support and resistance levels isn't easy at the beginning and that's huge problem for newbies,

to find those levels and trust them, I do understand this perfectly 'cos I had the same issues in the past.

How it's possible ... ?, that I don't have such problems any longer, ... am I brilliant or different from others ... ?

... no, I don't think so ... , ... but ... there is something what helped me a lot.

That's a price action with-out any time-frames, which is a constant range bars (candles)

... please, have a look on the chart attached, ... easy to read and very easy to follow all turning points.

Happy trading to all.

--- 帖子 #171 ---
Hi Dare,

Which system do you normally apply ? System I or System II?

--- 帖子 #172 ---
It seems market is waiting for something.

--- 帖子 #173 ---
Well, ... probably about 30% are swing-trades and 50% are scalping,

remaining 20% are swing-trades cut short or scalps extended in time.

It all depends on market's conditions and how the trade is developing.

--- 帖子 #174 ---
Here's a chart for today...just in case, yes I went long.....

pay attention to the arrows at the bottom....

--- 帖子 #175 ---
Out of the bus LONG at 3648. I had a vision that the driver was drunk and i jump out by the window. Shit. but there's always another bus. lol

--- 帖子 #176 ---
Euro target hit.

--- 帖子 #177 ---
You had Feb a much better view on target.

--- 帖子 #178 ---
AHHH  another boring trade....

another target reached...

--- 帖子 #179 ---
Anyone short?

--- 帖子 #180 ---
short @1.3630

Probably too late

--- 帖子 #181 ---
feb, you're the man!

I began a month or so back, and i have yet to even feel the feeling of a trade as though it's 'business as usual'

Even though i risk less than 0.5% of my account per trade, I have butterflies in my stomach when i put on a trade, and for the duration of it.. It seems I haven't gotten over the excitement yet. Nothing a little more practice can't fix. Thanks for everything feb

--- 帖子 #182 ---
Trading with a simple chart and two lines is pure trading. That's the way I like it. When I see a chart full of everything I'm totally lost. Your chart is clear to understand. Two lines, Tree lower low, one target. No nothing to be confused. No decision to take in regard of any indicator, any pivot or anything else. Simple has that and has you said many time, that's better to keep it simple, do not stick to any plan, but open your eyes and look at you see in front of you.

Thank Feb helping others including me of course.

--- 帖子 #183 ---
You wouldn't believe how many people I know  went back to the Christmas-like charts because they believe trading is rocket science.

It not just unbelievable but frustrating at the same time.

I bet you all the money in the world that 90% of these all-so called guru's are nothing more than trades that just couldn't make it. Of course, is easier to sell books, courses and stuff.....

--- 帖子 #184 ---
You're so right here,

I've been in FX for about 6 months and to be honest, I loaded my chart with so many indicators that I could not even see very obvious trends that I can see now THANKS to you.

I believe I still have to learn a lot and yet to go through your system I & II but will do so soon.

Your approach (making others think) is very creative and I believe that is the key to create a successful trader.

Thanks & Regards,

--- 帖子 #185 ---
Not always. Markets are nasty. No matter how much experience trader has market always will get him. Market doesn't respect years of experience, seniority, number of publications. Thus it is natural for a trader to look for more stable source of income to pay the landlord ;(

--- 帖子 #186 ---
This job has been my only one for ages...and I know plenty of guys and girls doing so....for ages....

The big problem Iv'e seen is poor capitalization - many people come here with a false sense of reality. Like you can make it with just a couple of hundreds..

--- 帖子 #187 ---
I cant open this file! Pl. help me.

--- 帖子 #188 ---
whats your next trade Feb?

mine is long at 1.3550  n short again at 1.3690?

pl. advise.

--- 帖子 #189 ---
I don't know how to fix the attachment.php things(I'm not a wiz) but at least

Click on. Save it on your desk. Copy and paste into your mt4 editor.

The best i can say about it.

--- 帖子 #190 ---
You need to figure that by yourself....

sorry....

I don't teach people how to trade.... no offense intended...

--- 帖子 #191 ---
Feb you are already teaching us here. I asked your opinion on my trades. if you dont want to help I can understand, no offense taken.

--- 帖子 #192 ---
DareXau,

Care to explain how they work and can you post the indi?

Thanks

007

--- 帖子 #193 ---
How much is the proper capitalization? 3K, 30K, 300K.

--- 帖子 #194 ---
There is a reason that this system is (Oh no!) and the prior ones were (Yes with irony) and (Irony included).  You might want to do the tiny bit of work required to seek out the threads and then read them.  Without work; with another indicator ... so goes another fx failure.

Except that you've posted on the "The System II" already.  So you appear to have done some work?

Anyway, Feb did say that this thread was to be solely about SIII so SII and SI should remain in their own threads.

--- 帖子 #195 ---
depends on how much you wanna make...but the idea that you can open up and account with 250..bucks gives people a false sense of reality....I've seen that...a lot.

--- 帖子 #196 ---
I am willing to help. But if you have a logic behind a trade, just do it. If you read my past post(s) I put a lot of weight into missing the bus. Although this is a slower time frame, still the decision  process has to be done in a timely manner, for not to miss the bus. Don't ask me if I should take this trade or not......don't waste time on me...pull the trigger and then ask!!!!!!

If you fall....that's ok...lick your wounds and keep moving...trading is harsh...not a glamorous profession people!!! Of course if you fall, I give you a hand but you need to take care of your self....

--- 帖子 #197 ---
Well said Feb.

By the way, when you notice I'm very poor in english but quite well in french. Anyway

--- 帖子 #198 ---
Hi Darek,

good to know you are good. Is Renko charts what you mean?

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #199 ---
Say 10K a month?

--- 帖子 #200 ---
You mean capital is determined by how much I want to make per month?

E.g:

My monthly expenses are 4k so my capital should be 10x the expenses---$40 000 and aiming 10% return monthly? or better than bank interest rate, say 3%?

It is like that?

--- 帖子 #201 ---
Lets say you get one of these trades per day.  You win 2/3 of them.  You win 1.5x what you lose/risk.

Profit factor = (2/3*1.5) / ( 1/3*1) = 3

Expectancy = ( (2/3*1.5) - ( 1/3*1) ) / 1 = 0.667

So if you risk a dollar you get on average 0.66 return.

Without compounding you want 10k per month.  So thats close enough to $500 per day.

So, 1 trade giving .667 per dollar risked ... that 500/.667 = $750 risked.  So how big an account do you need if that is 2% of your account risked per trade?

Account = 50*750 = $37,500

But allowing a bit for all the problems most will experience along the way the smallest account you'd want to use to seek 10k per month is probably 50k.   If all goes well and you can get the results above consistently.

--- 帖子 #202 ---
Respected Feb,

I have a question Sir, When we watch the level and expecting them as turning points, do we also need to consider the candle shapes, their size, wicks.

Also do we need to see momentum (speed of candles in specific time - rythem)..

But I had noticed that when market reaches to some level, it slows down mostly .. and it can turn back .. and it can go up.. so is momentum need to be considerd?

Please see the chart I had try to mark the candles, which are in hindsight.. looks perfect turning points.. but at that time i did not know..

--- 帖子 #203 ---
Hi redart007,

... it's simply a constant range bars (candles) ... each candle has a set range ( 5-pips or 10-pips or 15-pips) depends only on your preferences.

The range is eliminating a time-frame issue from a chart, so ... you have only pure price to consider and determine any support/resistance levels.

There is a big advantage over a standard (time-frame) charting ... as it doesn't paints any spikes (tails/wigs)

... easy to see any turning points which translates into important supports and resistances.

The "indy" I'm using is a commercial script (around 200 euro) not a freebie, ... so, I can't post it unfortunately,

but if you interested you will find one on the net, as a hint I can tell you there are older vesion (free) avilable in some forex forums.

--- 帖子 #204 ---
Ahhh ... redart ... apologies for my comments earlier.  I didn't realize which post you were referring to and thought you were just too lazy to have read Feb's earlier threads.  Wrong I see.

--- 帖子 #205 ---
G'day elizo,

Thanks, I'm doing fine. Nice to see you here. How mr. market is treating you?

Renko is an indicator based on ConstantRangeBars and as any "indi" it does some things by itself and with-out your knowledge.

... so, ... I don't like that option and I'm not using Renko.

--- 帖子 #206 ---
It seems to me that area around 1.3600 +- 30 pips is no man land. For the last two days EURO spent too much time in this region.

--- 帖子 #207 ---
Hello kiwi_trader

thanks for the math.

i do not understand the 1. sentence about the lose/risk.

Does this not depent on your stoploss and takeprofit strategie?

I never win 2/3 of my trades but the stoploss is very small and i try to hold the winner as long as possible.

Do you, if your daly risk is let say 2%, put the daily risk in only one trade,

and the takeprofit the same size as the stoploss?

--- 帖子 #208 ---
If you are winning 60% of the time why not to put at least 10%?

According to Kelly formula

http://www.albionresearch.com/kelly/default.php

The odds are in your favor, but read the following carefully:

According to the Kelly criterion your optimal bet is about 33.33% of your capital, or $333.00.

On 60% of similar occasions, you would expect to gain $499.50 in addition to your stake of $333.00 being returned.

--- 帖子 #209 ---
Re the first question.  That trade and number of trades was hypothetical ... substitute your own numbers to get an account size ... but the main point was that a decent size account is going to be needed.

Re the kelly question.  I have been trading as my sole source of income since before 911.  If I wanted to join those unfortunates I would make 10% bets.  Strangely enough, those of us who've been around a while tend to make bets of 2% or less.

--- 帖子 #210 ---
Is it because all 10% dudes retired long ago on some Hawaii golf fields

--- 帖子 #211 ---
Absolutely.

Although the 30% boys got there a lot faster.

--- 帖子 #212 ---
Nice one

--- 帖子 #213 ---
I personally don't pay attention to candlesticks formations. I must admit, hammers at turning points are definitely significant. This is probably the only candle formation I might consider. I believe the long of the wick is more important than the candle itself. But don't trade on your toes looking for that...if it happens just take it in consideration....that's it.

I think momentum is a better tool for scalping or maybe 5 min time frames etc. That way you have an extra tool to react quickly. I still have mixed emotions about it, but the more I see the less significance I find on momentum at higher grounds.

--- 帖子 #214 ---
welcome Darex!!! feel like home here brother!!

--- 帖子 #215 ---
I see price is rejecting here... seems price may go short ... it is just a probability, market can go anywhere it wants.. but from chart it is looking currently that buyer don't want to take it...

Is my observation correct?

--- 帖子 #216 ---
The observation is good. But in my case I would take the first rejection back when you have the first arrow.....now I don't see a defined level on the front...it could work on the way short but is not clear....

--- 帖子 #217 ---
talking about the first arrow on top on the way short.....

--- 帖子 #218 ---
Watch the news this morning about 10 minutes from now.

if you'r on a trade check it out

Unemployment Claims and trade balance.

--- 帖子 #219 ---
hello Feb,

i read your  yesterday edit in post #1 and i feel sorry for my stupid and dump question

your post #1 from this thread cleared my mind like a reset button

so please exuse this silly question about GU or EU

MJ

--- 帖子 #220 ---
no MJ no need to apologize at all......is just some people who argue to their asses about this and if you think deeply makes no sense at all....I didn't even read your post MJ....

MJ, i know you for some years now and I consider you a dear friend, I would never say something to harm you in any way my brother. But you know my language is harsh sometimes and is because this business is not polite at all. But I do that and people get appreciative in the long run.

I teach hard many times but I do it with love and good karma. I believe in the universe and everything you give you'll get in return...one way or another....

--- 帖子 #221 ---
thanks for the waqrm words.

i also truly believe what you mentioned, otherwise the live would be a waiste of time

good kama to all of us

MJ

--- 帖子 #222 ---
In this case, when level is not clear, then should I come out of trade and wait for the the price to show its real hand ( rejection  of level or break out of level and pull back) ... or just to remain in short and see the market may be it will work... if not.. then just close it and look for other side.. what is better approch?

--- 帖子 #223 ---
if you're in a trade already...you need to deal with it. Just let the market do whatever...really this is where you play the odds...Two things will happen.

1) will get stopped - lesson learned.....and don't worry 'cause you have the risk in check....

2) WOW!! i got profit...but that's just out of luck...really....next time..... be careful...

Guys this is exactly what I want you to do, like 786 is doing....show me the trades......don't ask me if this is a good time to trade of if is a possible trade coming ...how the hell I know???It's your call......

Get yourself on the mud!!!!!

--- 帖子 #224 ---
3620 area is been holding support for close to 24 hours......keep and eye on that in case the market breaks that level of support....short...

--- 帖子 #225 ---
This has been a good week to play ping pong......still the market has been kinda slow in my opinion....

Reminder - if the market breaks out a level, is healthy to wait for a pullback - that way you'll minimize fake outs.....

--- 帖子 #226 ---
AHHH

if that support is broken...can anyone tell me where a sensible target should be???

--- 帖子 #227 ---
I think it should be 1.3560

--- 帖子 #228 ---
nice!!

but make sure you don't get exactly at the turning point ...you could get the market turning higher than 36.....I'll bail out around 45 just to be sure....

--- 帖子 #229 ---
feb..as for me i think 1.3604 and 1.3583.. i might be take partial profit at 1.3604.

--- 帖子 #230 ---
support is holding....interesting...

--- 帖子 #231 ---
Between 3620 and 3690 there's not much to do!

Unless scalping little movement!

I'm right?

--- 帖子 #232 ---
That's how I see it...not much to do...

--- 帖子 #233 ---
Yeah, still needs to break out of this asian trading range

--- 帖子 #234 ---
I made quick 20 pips in the morning in the USD/CHF purely from this strategy.

I am planning to go long above 3690 for the target of 3725-30...

Reasons  behind it:

1) Price has been rejected 3 times from 3690 level (in fact 4 times but 4th time, it reversed from near 3680.

2) next resistance is 3730 and then 3760 in the recent past.

Am I on the right track or missing something??

--- 帖子 #235 ---
Hey all!

I thought this S/R indicator might be helpful for this "system"

It is very sophisticated.

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=204276

--- 帖子 #236 ---
congrats, one time again...

--- 帖子 #237 ---
So TS III can be used for scalping also. No need to go down to 5 minutes. Interesting.

--- 帖子 #238 ---
who's talking about scalping???

--- 帖子 #239 ---
3690 is holding''''mmm let's see...will the market break the ceiling???

will it bounce off???

hahahahahaaha!!!

ultimately, play what you see...I'll rather sit on my hands for now..

--- 帖子 #240 ---
http://img517.imageshack.us/img517/8619/eurusdn.gif

Entered at green dash, TP at yellow line. Let's see.

--- 帖子 #241 ---
Perhaps it was confusing when i said "Unless scalping little movement.

Not with System III.

Look at my signature Feb, I finally found what Im believe in. lol

your a good guide my friend.

thank,s

--- 帖子 #242 ---
For the last 24 hours EURO is bouncing in 60 pips channel from 1.3620 - 1.3680.

--- 帖子 #243 ---
Loks nice but I can't make it work

--- 帖子 #244 ---
ping pong paradise.

--- 帖子 #245 ---
It seems to me that last month on EURO was a ping pong paradise on 3 hours time frame.

Just count to five.

--- 帖子 #246 ---
Hey feb,

For windows goto c:/ then programfiles, then Mt4 folder, then experts, then indicators.

Find the S/R indicator where you saved it. right click, copy.

Move to the indicators open folder, right click, and paste.

or you can just drag and drop it in the indicators folder.

Restart Mt4 and it should be under custom indicators list.

Can't help with all the settings though, just saw it today.

--- 帖子 #247 ---
Here it is on mine.

--- 帖子 #248 ---
Yes I have the indicator on my custom files...it doesn't show on the charts......well....looks interesting anyhow...

--- 帖子 #249 ---
Well hell, sorry it's not working for ya. short of restarting Mt4 I'm out of suggestions. Wish I had more.

I ditched all indicators. They just confuse me and talk me out of good trades. LOL

--- 帖子 #250 ---
Anyone else thinking this looks like a good trade? AUDUSD M30:

http://img638.imageshack.us/img638/442/audusd.gif

--- 帖子 #251 ---
Are you thinking about going long or short?

--- 帖子 #252 ---
If price hits and closes below the top line, then short. If it closes above the bottom line, long.

--- 帖子 #253 ---
Dear All

Wanna say Hi to all. Newbie here and is interested to learn abt the System I/II/III

In this regard, do you have a cliff notes or summary of the Systems in order to get up quick overview first before reading thru the respective threads.

How does the different Systems differ or complement each other?

Cheers

--- 帖子 #254 ---
Sylar,

The systems are all different and cliff notes would be to read the first 5-10 pages of each thread.

I'd suggest you give this one a try as they are philosophically different strategies.  Good luck

edit: note ... a question re the post below.  Is it rejecting or has it in fact broken through for a bit of a run up (I'm long GU)?

--- 帖子 #255 ---
Price is rejecting again, keeping a close eye on this area.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #256 ---
A chart for today 3-12-2010

--- 帖子 #257 ---
Feb,  I think this is an important level (around 1.37). if PA goes back as it is I will look for a failure and if it happens go long. Otherwise I'll take a short with target next support.  umbro

--- 帖子 #258 ---
hai feb...sorry for the stupid questions...a noob question..

normally what will you think before you entering a trade...what is play on your mind...could you explain a little bit...thanks

--- 帖子 #259 ---
3690 is out of the picture for the moment. I think the price will stick a moment around 3770/3800.

Check the news this morning, always important (sometime there's is a turnover around the corner or a big push. (It's Friday today)

--- 帖子 #260 ---
Yes you are right.  I see price stalling right now and may be a turnover is shaping who knows. Let's see how the news will come out.

--- 帖子 #261 ---
Good Morning Feb sir,

In my trading first time, I'm having success like never before.

If you see the above post, I did exactly the same and price behaved exactly the way I thought.

I thank you very much for giving me a sight to look at charts at completely different horizon.

I don't think any combination of indicators would have been able to foresee that.

I'm still in the trade, however, locked 40 pips with trailing stoploss and the best part is, I had sound good night sleep.

Thanks again & Regards,

--- 帖子 #262 ---
Look for the word "HERE" on top...tell me what you see....

--- 帖子 #263 ---
Price reached mid February high level and was rejected.

--- 帖子 #264 ---
Price broke the level just 6 pips and retraced, and was consolidating, it means it's preparing for a short entry. the best entry should have been around 75-85

--- 帖子 #265 ---
Good....

--- 帖子 #266 ---
My overnight trade while I was sleeping.

--- 帖子 #267 ---
Excelent work FEB, thank for your share.

WORNING BLUE ZONE, the sea is strong and the wind is blowing.

Popeye

--- 帖子 #268 ---
Yes Mr Feb

I had a very good week so far. You act as a guideline for me. Your fine touch is very appreciate.

Long life

--- 帖子 #269 ---
ah!! thanks everyone..

well....I won't pull flashy charts or make extensive comments but I think you don't need that anymore...just a few lines, some arrows and you'll get the idea....

--- 帖子 #270 ---
My goal is for you guys to be bored......yawwwn!!!!  like me!!!

--- 帖子 #271 ---
Feb, just want to add my appreciation for yet another great thread. This one I especially love because of it's simplicity. Last night I missed the typical head fakes and fakeouts that occur with lower time frame entries and tests to see if maybe "this one" will run.

Also, glad to see you doing well enough to continue with our education. I am most grateful for your love of the game as well as the players. The very best to you.

d

--- 帖子 #272 ---
Sir Feb

Few questions regarding the S&R lines:

1) Do you draw your S&R on a higher timeframe i.e. Weekly, Daily, 4H or 1H etc before zooming in on the 30mins chart to trade Or do you just based them on what you see on your prefered timeframe of 30 mins

2) If you are drawing them based on your 30mins timeframe then how far back do you go to establish the S&R lines.

3) Do you have a prefered time session to trade i.e. UK opening, UK-US session etc

4) Do you used System III on other pairs beside EU?

Thanks for your time & effort in reading my post

Pip Well

Sylar

--- 帖子 #273 ---
3)US session. If I am up by UK session I work both...

4) no

the rest has been already answered in the thread and some of my older posts from other threads.

--- 帖子 #274 ---
Thks Feb for the prompt reply.

Can you or anyone assist or direct to the appropriate page to look for the relevant informations as there are 3 System threads.

Really looking forward to getting up to speed with your trading methodology

Pip Well

Sylar

--- 帖子 #275 ---
for feks sake......at least make the effort and do your own research. All you have to do is read his threads as he has already intimated to you !

--- 帖子 #276 ---
Yes sir

--- 帖子 #277 ---
Mithu,

Responding to your private message that is atm inactive.

Mithu,

Sorry for the late response... I was not in the U.S and had no way to connect to the internet. I as many others can identify with your confusion.. The best thing you can do is make a decision on one system and stick to it..... Once you become comfortable with the nuts and bolts of a particular approach ...the rest is much practice and developing the right state of mind. There is no easy way....risking a comfortable amount(less fear/greed), accepting that you will loose and catching a runner early and allowing to run are a good foundation in your path to success as a consistently profitable trader. Notice that I did not say "winner"..you may loose more than win but with proper $$management ..at the end of the month you should be in the positive side of the equation..

Good luck

--- 帖子 #278 ---
I missed the buss of short. Now watching next level but would wait to break and then pull back for confirmation.

--- 帖子 #279 ---
Hi,

USD/CAD just broken very important support on daily chart. ( I know that we trade 30 minutes, however, longer TF can always guide to enter trade on shorter TFs).

Please suggest if I'm correct on chart observation.

Thanks & Regards

-

--- 帖子 #280 ---
Hello Forex Fan,

Trading below 4H is noise. Plot the two horizontal S&R. Go for the kill. Flipping time frame lead to 2nd guessing.

Oh man, sounds like Feb but not yet. Getting there.

--- 帖子 #281 ---
It seems EURo at S/R line.

--- 帖子 #282 ---
Agree. I have shorted with Plan B ready

--- 帖子 #283 ---
Hurray...

Grabbed 60 pips on USD/CAD from the above mentioned analysis..

Thanks Feb for helping me to look at charts from completely different view.

Now, when I take trade, I know why am I entering & exiting which makes me very confident.

Thanks & Regards,

--- 帖子 #284 ---
I am short now on E/U .... will watch the level.

--- 帖子 #285 ---
Hello to all,

Just getting back to trading after a month or so layoff. Don't have a lot of time so....OH NO! ...I will trade System III and relax a bit...

I have a  sell limit order with Oanda @ .3755 with a stop loss @ .3820. Trade amount comfortable enough so that fear and greed stay on the sidelines.

Good luck to all

--- 帖子 #286 ---
Thanks you.

--- 帖子 #287 ---
Hi Feb, I have been following your thread and thanks for all insight. I will post two trades that I took yesterday. They were hit the stop lost thought. My time is GMT8. By the time I settle down after my work. It is already 11 am NewYork time. And usually, I have only 1 to 2 hours to look at the market. Feb, which tf you suggest I look at? I took the trade at yesterday 15.37 b4 the 1 hr candle close and place the sl a bit higher than previous high 1.3774. The TP is 1.3864. Was my setup ok? Sl hit at 17 08. Apppreciate if you could tell me what is wrong with my trade. I will post another trade I place yesterday and seek your advise. Thanks

--- 帖子 #288 ---
Hi Feb, I place a buy limit order before a went to sleep yesterday. The SR line is at 1.3794. I do not want to place it at 1.3800 as it is a whole number, I place it at 1.3804. The trade trigger today at 17:07 and hit my stop lost at 17:08. TP was 1.3864. Am I trading the system correctly or am i not? Thanks Feb

--- 帖子 #289 ---
I think due the nature of your work you should move to a higher timeframe...maybe 4hr or could be daily...I am personally looking at 4hr as an alternative....

My problem is more emotional than anything else. I need to be use to higher time frames as I am a scalper by nature. I began to trade off 4hr this week. I am having a lot of medical checkup and I don't have the time to check the screen that much. Surprisingly is working real good.

You should put the stop loss at a reasonable distance form the last swing high or low. As how many pips I can't tell you that. I usually go by heart still I adjust the load. Anyway you will get stopped from time to time, there's no way to avoid this.

Make sure you don't put the stop too close to the fire...

--- 帖子 #290 ---
welcome to the thread brother!!!

Trying to escape from the scalping monster !!!!

so far going good....

come back anytime and lay down your wisdom dear friend!!!!

--- 帖子 #291 ---
Hi Feb, thank you for yr reply. Is my sl too close for comfort? Is my logic to take the trade correct? I do understand that sl hit is part of the game. As you said, lick the wound and move forward. I just want to know, is my logic correct or not. Thank you Feb!

--- 帖子 #292 ---
need to read my post even some of my older ones from system I and II.

About logic, that's something you need to figure out. I put a blueprint for trading. Read the first posts on this thread and you will get the hang of the logic I use for trading. Pretty much the same for every time frame...

Read them carefully..

--- 帖子 #293 ---
Feb,

It is I who welcome your generosity....glad to know that you are feeling better... Anyway, my initial short @ .3754 is now a free ride. My second trade @ .3720 may bite my arse but I am keeping a short leash on that one...it could drop like a bomb or recoil again...who knows...

Good luck to all

--- 帖子 #294 ---
Moneda,

Do you play TS III as breakout?

Thanks,

/t

--- 帖子 #295 ---
AUD/USD:

- Daily Trend is upwards

- Major resistance – 9300 & 9400

- Major Support – 9000

- 4 hours suggests upwards with major resistance – 9315 & minor support – 9175

-      If current candle (11pm –EST) closes above 9238 I go for buy with 9198 SL

-      Target is 9280 then will trail with 20 pips till it hits

Comments are welcome.

Thanks & Regards,

--- 帖子 #296 ---
tghf,

My main focus is using support and resistance. I take chances based on what I see. Whether is a continuation of a swing, a bounce, a breakout out of consolidation or a new swing.... it makes no difference to me.  I control and accept my losses by trading a comfortable load and I look to reach a free ride and at some point take a profit. Sounds simple eh?  but doing it consistently is a work in progress for me. Feb has lay down the groundwork... what remains is lots of practice and thinking for yourself. By the way, I am still in....locked 50 pips looking for more.

Good luck to all

--- 帖子 #297 ---
Here's a 4hr chart - pretty much straightforward. Nothing fancy, using the same market observation on support and resistance.

I pick 4hr chart 'cause I been kinda busy this week, but so far it's working good.

Trade was placed yesterday morning.

--- 帖子 #298 ---
OK

I see a lot of selling pressure against 3647 area - Still I'll be cautious into take that breakout. As you can see on the charts, the next level is pretty close. I would take the trade but with my foot on the brake just in case. Anyway the market can still rebound from that level, who knows...I favor long on this trade if the market show it's hands...

--- 帖子 #299 ---
Break of the xxx48 was a nice quick trade.. Feb great thread hope you keep posting your thoughts..

--- 帖子 #300 ---
I love this thread  - this is my kind of trading. But I feel more comfortable with higher TF's like 4h or even daily. 30m is too uncertain for me. I also try to pay attention to the round numbers like x.000, x.500, x.100 etc.

Anyway - thank you feb for all those "systems" of yours - I learn a lot from it. You're great teacher.

Here is my yesterday's trade on EJ:

--- 帖子 #301 ---
Hello to all,

Closed my first short for 125+ my second for 90+ (see my chart).  Now I can buy that cup of coffee and a McMuffin!   This will give me some cushion for future losses.

Best to all,

--- 帖子 #302 ---
Congrats!!!

I've seen that 4 hours TF tend to be more suitable for Feb's trading style. I am waiting for Eur and GBP to form a retrace to enter.

Thanks & Regard,

--- 帖子 #303 ---
Yeah, I think I'm moving up a notch to 4hr chart.

--- 帖子 #304 ---
Feb,

4hr timeframe must feel like watching paint dry for you!.... But you know what?  I am right there with you... I am going to give it a try too. My work and other issues seem to cry out for a less stressful approach. This will be a way to hone my skills until I can be properly capitalized.

Peace,

P.S...oops! for me it will be a 3hr timeframe (Oanda)

--- 帖子 #305 ---
oh you have no idea brother but I tell you on me, healthwise, I can't handle the stress that comes with scalping no more!!!

I just place my limits/stop etc and literally walk away from the screen....so hard but I guess I have no choice..

So far is working nicely!!

--- 帖子 #306 ---
Feb,

I hear you my friend.... this will give you more time for tostones, a cold one and other pleasurable things!  tl

Can I thank you one more time for all that you have helped me with my trading and outlook on life?

Ok....THANKS!

--- 帖子 #307 ---
I've sort of figured out about your health from previous threads as well (system I & II). I wish you best of the health and genuinely appreciate your teachings.

I tried scalping for sometime, even paid for to so called "gurus". You can't believe but in the very early stage, paid $3500 for learning the "Holy Grail System" from the scalper who was using MACD and very fancy system.

If I think now, I feel, how stupid of me to blindly follow people.

I have a strong believe somehow that scalping in a long term is not very effective. Rather anything above 4 hours with your teachings works brilliant.

But again people might be good at scalping, I just don't know it yet. However, I am not willing to take that extra stress for maybe a few extra pips at the end of the week.

Thanks & Regards,

--- 帖子 #308 ---
So, so glad to hear this, Mon! Very happy for you. Keep on pulling pips!

--- 帖子 #309 ---
Scalping is a generic word. Some people say it's going heavy loaded looking for small moves...that's not right.  Anyway, the only way you can be successful in this style of trading is looking at actual price like a DOM or something...

I am officially moving to 4hr I find the moves more balanced.

--- 帖子 #310 ---
Thought I would post this indicator that makes it easy to walk away from the charts.

It simply sounds an alert when prices touches any line drawn on the chart.

Found it here on FF.

Hope everyone finds it as useful as I do.

--- 帖子 #311 ---
Thanks Tubguy!

Could you possibly post how to put an ex4 on the chart? I have no issues with mq4 files but the ex4 I cannot find to add to a chart after I have put it in the indicator folder.

Thanks,

Scott

--- 帖子 #312 ---
Elizo,

Thanks my friend, just getting back into the battle... hope you are doing well and getting some sleep!

--- 帖子 #313 ---
Sorry for the slow reply Nsscott.

It will be in the custom indicators area. If so just right click and drag it onto the chart. If it's not there, try restarting your platform.

Let me know if that works.

--- 帖子 #314 ---
Thanks tubguy! - that's definitely a life saver....

--- 帖子 #315 ---
My pleasure. Glad I could contribute.

--- 帖子 #316 ---
close your plattform and open it again after putting the ind into the

/epert/indicators/ folder

--- 帖子 #317 ---
hi Feb and all others

i follow your  postings with very much ijntresting cause i also woukd like to trade from bigger TFs

i play a little bit with system I, with small positionsize to get e feeling

moneda, congrate your last trades, good job

--- 帖子 #318 ---
Feb Sir

Glad to hear u moving to 4H timeframe as i'm also trying to utilise your methodology on the 4H timeframe too.

Btw currently am sitting on a short of EU @ 1.38 with SL @ 1.365

Thanks for making sense (or rather pips) of Fx trading

Pip well sir

--- 帖子 #319 ---
thanks!!!!

--- 帖子 #320 ---
it's 3:51 AM EST - ready for London Market.

I can't see a clean-cut level - the last one formed about 8 hours ago. Althought I am favoring long I am still on hold. There's not a clear winner. The only levels I can find are not clear. Look at the arrows.

It's Friday anyway so I am going to sit on my hands for a while.

--- 帖子 #321 ---
I would prefer to go long on the last arrow I have on the charts - that's a clear level in my opinion. You can still trade the breakout , no problem with that. Just make sure you have the foot on the brake...I would rather wait but that's my personal subjective point of view.....

My advice on breakouts is pretty much what I do on System I - look for a "discount price" in a shorter time frame - for instance, get down to 30 min chart and trade a pullback.....Remember the pullback is just a confirmation, you trade the continuation of the move, which is the actual "discount"....this time,  think  actual price, not charts please...

I don't advocate the use of multiple time frames at all....but this is a little trick I use and works good...

You can still trade the pullback on the charts you have , but I think you'll get a quicker entry on the discount.

--- 帖子 #322 ---
long 1.3590 sl 1.3574 hit

now watching the 1.3550 for next long

maybee the sl was to small for an h4 chart, but on the other side a 16 pips risk is worth a try  or not ?

--- 帖子 #323 ---
Hi everyone,

Great analysis Feb,

I'm back this morning. I missed some brakeout this week. it's always the same anyway. I'm short presently at +50 pips but i will check very closely to 3540 for a possible turnover as you said Feb. My gun is on the table. lol

--- 帖子 #324 ---
Out at 3540. Not much power to go through. Now looking for a possible entry long.

--- 帖子 #325 ---
The market got to 3535 area.

now I feel more at ease going long of course once the market show it's hands....

The trade could go over next week...

--- 帖子 #326 ---
I took a short @3596 and covered it @3555.

My decision was based on somewhat system I and additionally, I sometimes remember your advice of keeping one ear on the ground..

I seen too much "Greece" issue and kind of giving all over bearish sentiment for Euro. Ultimately its not charts but demand and supply decides markets.

By the way, Welcome to 4 hours Feb.

Is your broker set to GMT = 0????

Thanks & Regards,

--- 帖子 #327 ---
I am still clearing my orders via futures. I use Oanda or interbank for charting.

--- 帖子 #328 ---
[/color]

You can still trade the pullback on the charts you have , but I think you'll get a quicker entry on the discount.[/quote]

i am long, to find a better entry i switched to m5 chart, but maybee it is a bit to far, maybee m30 or h1 gives more room to the trade

what do you think?

--- 帖子 #329 ---
i am long, to find a better entry i switched to m5 chart, but maybee it is a bit to far, maybee m30 or h1 gives more room to the trade

what do you think?[/quote]

Probably,  but I will hold for a bit - It's Friday and I have a funny feeling the market is gonna dry out - I can't see a true level holding at least in 4hr charts....

Unless we're in a free for all short frenzy!!! ah!! who knows......

I suggest you hod it up a bit brother!!...let the market show a hand.....the breakout was good but still Euro has a tendency to return to a median whatever it is.....this is my kind of play...

--- 帖子 #330 ---
thanks for answer, someone is blocking the 1.3530 hope it breaks soon

--- 帖子 #331 ---
seems to be broken,

its time for me to go for the weeckend

c u all on monday

--- 帖子 #332 ---
if the market keep that roll we could have a long play for Monday...still the bar is too short to tell.....the big guns are heading for the Hamptons!!! but maybe the punch clerks are ...well...punching orders for next week...I normally keep an eye on Fridays under this mindset....  ah it's so good to know how the think!!!! all these years on the floor worth something!!

--- 帖子 #333 ---
Hi Feb2865,

I think, you have answered to my question in this post. But I will still ask you as this are some thing I have to get it straight. I am one of your silent admirers not only for your style of simple trading but also for your subtle humor and straight talking. Any way, here is my dilemma. I am in the west coast (PST zone) and work full time and not having too much screen time. So, generally I take a look at around 10 PM in my time when market (Euro/USD) is quiet and calm and put a stop buy and sell order on the support and resistance lines. In the morning when I go to work around 11 AM EST, I just close my orders using my cell phone. Ideally, if I was at computer at the active market time, I would have placed the order on favorable price action. Since I do not know at that point, what price is going to behave at the resistance or support line, I just try to assume that it will not break out. Since some times it breaks out to 20/25 pips and then retraces, I had to put a stop loss around 50 to avoid whipsaw. Last week and beginning of this week, I was having a good time because of ping pong season. But last few days, I took losses for the break out. Under my situation for not having too much screen time, do you or any one have any advice for me? I generally use 3 hrs time frames in Oanda and I am using demo so no stress for all the losses. Thanks in advance.

-FX_California

--- 帖子 #334 ---
I read your post three times and the only advice I could give is to switch to daily/ check your trades when Oanda clears...I believe is 10PM EST and trade levels accordingly.

About trading on S/R levels, don't use an arbitrary number like 50 pips or so for the stop loss....simply check the last swing high or low and take  some distance away from it...eye ball it...could be 10-25 pips off that swing just to give you a ballpark figure...

hope it helps buddy!!!

--- 帖子 #335 ---
Thanks a lot guys for your support!!

It really makes me not only happy but more willing to help you out the best I can!!!!

--- 帖子 #336 ---
Hello FEB.

I have been quietly following your threads from the beginning and I want to  personally thank you.

It is not often that someone professional will  selflessly devote his time to help others become more profitable.

-----------

Peace

--- 帖子 #337 ---
Yes tghfbt8

Reading all theses posts is by itself a clean answer that Feb did all he said.

No need for more to anyone with a bit of jugement.

thank's again for sharing your knowledge.

--- 帖子 #338 ---
My dear AceOfTrades, I must have to disagree with you. In all humility I accept that you just quoted a research, but I disagree that the result was focused on real human condition. If you keep silent nuisance like tahiti or whatever will ruin your joy rather than quit.

Tahiti has made a grievous mistake, just as Alexander Pope said the "fool" had threaded "where angels are afraid" to even look. He is too lazy to read a thread. Too stupid to have kind words to cover his laziness. Too ignorant to know he's in a forum and not Haiti open street market. Too educated to understand the import of his blabber.

Can anyone call his attention to his words?

It sounded much like the droooooning of coal train. Empty head with plenty of absent minded sentences. Jezzz! Did he read what he wrote? Imagine this "To this effect could you please post your trade statement evidencing you are a consistently profitable trader and not just another wannabee stoking the fire of the gullible masses living in hope." A clean proof he never read any of the 3 threads he alluded to.

Finally I think this guy truly needs a shrink. I don't want to be a distant psychiatrist but I can't help noticing this guy is suffereing from some strange mixture of paranoia. . . He can argue it and tell us of the real sickness.

Though Feb seems to ask that we sheath the sword, I just have to put in a word of advice to tahiti. . . Go see a shrink, it will do you good.

Kenn

--- 帖子 #339 ---
I will always have the deepest respect and admiration when someone like Kenn can express himself so properly...my hats off to you brother!!!

Listen guys, just to summarize things - on many occasions and if you read someone who posted on system 1 saying that I just discovered support and resistance - I won't mention his nick just go see it - that is a moronic statement that won't have my effort to reply because the guy just made a fool of himself. Anyway this time I needed to respond and oh boy he or whatever hit a concrete wall. He didn't know that I an infamous for my insults. I could be tearing this guy off for centuries but I am not going to soil this thread to keep this situation on  perpetuity.

Aside for the insults, in alignment on what Kenn just said, yes the guy is retarded otherwise he would put some effort to get to know me better before talking out of his ass..

Moving forward - guys, ..really...I don't have any gain on doing this - I really don't care who makes money or not....of course it's natural when you see someone making things work and having consistency, that one get's some sort of  satisfaction and yes...I feel very happy.

The only requirement is for you to get to know me a lil' better. I am a nice guy. But this is trading. It is simple but the environment is harsh. It's your money and the best gatekeeper would be you.  I mentioned this before, for a trader you MUST (capital words) have an attitude to a certain degree. Speak and write with authority. You're trading the biggest market in the world...feel like that...  Don't be an ass, but keep a balance. This is why my language sometimes is hard, but really I do it for your own good...'cause trading is just that...hard...simple oh yes but not for everyone. One thing I will never do is to treat a fellow trader  like you with disrespect or use foul language against anyone.

I won't be posting forever on this forum. There will be the day that I will cease to post, because things must come to an end. That's the way it is. As for now, I'll be around for some time.

Just for the record I barely talk my charts on hindsight Just look and  them and You'll see that very often I talk about a possible trade and then I take you to the whole process...the charts have a sequence so you know it's not bullshit. Also, just for the record, I have losers and I made comment once on me losing big time on some commodity I can't recall right now...I think It was gold, not sure...

One last thing - please remember I have health issues. If you see that I don't post for a couple of days is due my doc's appointments....but I am fine.

Thanks and good karma to all of you..

--- 帖子 #340 ---
what do you think about this level guys. Looks like a strong one to me...

--- 帖子 #341 ---
Clov

sitting on my hands......waiting..

--- 帖子 #342 ---
Feb,

Sitting on my hands is where Iam at although I am looking for a long around the 1.3500 area... we will see.

As always

Mucha Salud amigo

--- 帖子 #343 ---
...

--- 帖子 #344 ---
I have a feeling you feel more comfortable trading like this.... right?

well, anyway you always have my support no matter what..

Guys...the bar is changing - I see some sort of rejection from 3459 area.

see charts....

--- 帖子 #345 ---
Feb,

Yes, much more comfortable..enjoy the juice of the 5min but realistically speaking...I am better off trading longer timeframes. I am not willing to give so much of my life to a monitor....  I will play poker for the juice!

--- 帖子 #346 ---
The market has moved around 70 pips long in anger - still I will be cautious. I am definitely looking for long but this bar has a lot of volume accumulated from euro futures. As you know, the guys on the floor are pumping cash in the spot like maniacs so in a way I am using their contracts traded to have an idea of what's behind the curtain. This tendency has been going on from the last year and a half.

Although is a nice move upwards, someone will try to get his money back (profit taking) so don't be surprised if you see some sort of pullback before a continuation -if that happens...

--- 帖子 #347 ---
Feb,

Thanks for the heads up.... I have my stop loss below 134.50 .....we will see ....

--- 帖子 #348 ---
I hear you brother!!!

I am very happy for you!!! I knew you had reservations for high speed trading But anyway keep me posted.

I am finally kicking the habit on scalping...

Ok let me get something clear for once to anyone wondering why I am giving up scalping.

As many of you know I began trading on the floor - back in the day you trade tick by tick so in a sense the only thing you can do is to scalp - for points at the time. Yes you can trade longer but that wasn't the norm.

As I made the switch to electronic platforms( Datek oh!! shit I got screwed, I know please have mercy on me), of course I was looking to incorporate what I've been doing on the floor, hence I began to use DOM - tape reading etc. That is highly profitable but very stressful.

In a nutshell - I am giving up scalping due stress issues - I have a health situation and I can't handle this kind of stress no more.

Ok there's something else.

People, listen trading is flexible.... really....please look at me and repeat F-L-E-X-I-B-L-E You need to understand that you are the puppet master. If you want to trade tick charts , by all means do it. If you want to micro-scalp and feel comfortable, just knock yourself off.  If you want to trade weekly charts...no problem. If you want to trade any instrument, gold, bonds etc ...go ahead...be happy.

Just make sure the in's and out's of the instrument, time frame you are willing to trade. The do's and don'ts. Capital requirements.

Learn the craft and stay focus. Do one thing at the time . Stop being cross eyed looking at many things, that's not trading - that's a recipe for a headache. Stay on one thing, one side, one instrument - just one...that's all you need to do. The money will flow, don't look for it...it will come, you'll get paid but don't force things...let everything go naturally - if you loose and  there's nothing else for you there, just close the charts and go do something else. That's it. I promise you, the market will show another hand and you'll be there to deal.....or no deal..

The most important thing of all - be comfortable on what your doing. If you're not, then switch in a heartbeat.

--- 帖子 #349 ---
"People, listen trading is flexible.... really....please look at me and repeat F-L-E-X-I-B-L-E You need to understand that you are the puppet master. If you want to trade tick charts , by all means do it. If you want to micro-scalp and feel comfortable, just knock yourself off. If you want to trade weekly charts...no problem. If you want to trade any instrument, gold, bonds etc ...go ahead...be happy.

Just make sure the in's and out's of the instrument, time frame you are willing to trade. The do's and don'ts. Capital requirements.

Learn the craft and stay focus. Do one thing at the time . Stop being cross eyed looking at many things, that's not trading - that's a recipe for a headache. Stay on one thing, one side, one instrument - just one...that's all you need to do. The money will flow, don't look for it...it will come, you'll get paid but don't force things...let everything go naturally - if you loose and there's nothing else for you there, just close the charts and go do something else. That's it. I promise you, the market will show another hand and you'll be there to deal.....or no deal..

The most important thing of all - be comfortable on what your doing. If you're not, then switch in a heartbeat."

................................................

Good Day Feb,

I have been following your system I,II,III without fail. I read and reread. Practice and repractice. Wash and Rinse and Repeat. I am happily telling you that what you have taught already sank into my brain. Even I can recite in my sleep. Really. Because of the simplicity of reading chart naked properly.

For a simple-minded people like me is able to read chart naked is really an accomplishment.

My trading account has been growing steadily like never before. The best part is the confident and assurance you have given me.

I am so grateful to you. Thank you Feb or shall I call you papa....

And oh please, don't bother to reply nor get angry with ppl who had tainted this thread. Take care of your health and be around. Trading can cause ppl hypertension I guess. so here is the place for fellow traders to cheer each other and be happy.

--- 帖子 #350 ---
Pending order long @3550 stop @3452 target - open....

--- 帖子 #351 ---
That makes me happy...thanks!!!

--- 帖子 #352 ---
order filled - out to lunch

I am clearing this one thru Oanda....

--- 帖子 #353 ---
Hello to all,

Well out for about 50 ....saw some resistance and decided to exit ....maybe premature but....oh well, cant complain about it....always easier in retrospective.. I should have not looked at the noise in lower timeframes when exiting... makes me antsy

Done for the day.

Wash,Rinse and Repeat

Good luck to all,

--- 帖子 #354 ---
Hey

something that's working for me..

Once I'm on a trade, I check the charts on 4hr intervals. I set and alert on my stop loss (www.alertfx.com) and I just let the market be. Today, my order got filled around 12:20 PM EST  - I'll check back around 4:00 PM EST to see how things are.....and of course an alert just in case my stop got hit...that's it...

hope it helps brother...

PD: the alert goes right into my celphone...

--- 帖子 #355 ---
I completely agree.

I read all 3 threads (although not system 2 fully due to my choice of longer time frames) and must say this is the best thing happened to me so far in trading forex.

I would like to suggest something to newbies. ( Although I'm only 8 months in market) that if you're using demo for testing your strategy. Do it by all means, but don't stick to it for too long.

Rather after certain period of time, switch to micro account. Why because sometimes demo account just doesn't give the feeling of real money and it gives you "take it easy" kind of approach.

Micro account doesn't lose so much of money but gives real insight of real money trading with the strategy. and slowly you can increase the number of lots depending on your money management.

By the way Feb, I've accumulated 201 pips in 8 days from following your methods from 14th march till today (22nd March). It's net pips after deducing all broker expenses. and it's in LIVE account not demo.

I want to offer that person who wanted to see feb's live account for consistency to have a look at my statement if that convinces him/her.

Happy trading

--- 帖子 #356 ---
I have followed the same thing. Because if I keep looking at the trade, it tempts me to take wrong decision. TP and SL set, then forget it till next candle, every 4 hrs

Do you prefer trailing SL, btw?

--- 帖子 #357 ---
Since I started on 4hr I only had to trail my stop once, and that was pretty close to the finish line...

Past two weeks were good on my side too...

--- 帖子 #358 ---
Feb,

Thanks for the alert...simple and useful....

--- 帖子 #359 ---
I`m getting a bit confused here....

Are you guys now trading the 4H time frame?

I thought it was a M30 S&R, but I didn`t hear anybody buying at the support area around 1.3460

I suppose the long @ 1.3550 was not strictly this system, but a longer term trade once it broke resistance @ 1.3545

am watching the 1.3545 area now if it acts as support and go long.

my TP would be around 1.3615

--- 帖子 #360 ---
It was me yonnie - I decided to move the time frame up. Sometimes I get docs appointment and it's easier that way at least for me.

But if you have something for 30 min by all means go for it.

--- 帖子 #361 ---
Hi Feb,

Feeling a little in the dark here.  Why an alert if you are stopped out?  At that point who cares?

Am I missing something?

Thanks, Scott

--- 帖子 #362 ---
thanks feb for the support.

did you take a long around 1.3460?

got in @ 1.3545, but didn`t wait for the candle to close.

should close above 1.3545 I suppose and then enter at the opening of the new candle above 1.3545?

might regret it but only a small position

well it did close above 1.3545 so I would have entered anyway?????

got just stopped out @ 1.3524.

wonder if the stop was too large @ 21 pips; after all a level holds or it doesn`t.

any comments???

--- 帖子 #363 ---
21 pips is the TS II stop which is played on 5 minutes.

4H stop should be behind entry S/R line.

--- 帖子 #364 ---
If you're stopped out, then you need to see what the next action will be....either sit on your hands or a re-entry???

Stop loss is...protection against future losses. That's all good but ..what's next??? here's where some people get themselves hanged. I won't stop trading because  my position got stopped. Risk limit is only boss here.

--- 帖子 #365 ---
amen to that,,,,,,

--- 帖子 #366 ---
My position is down for around 60 pips - not good..

But

I am taking a chance here - I am risking even a lower percent of what I am comfortable. So I will let it be no matter what....

If I were scalping I would bail out long time ago.

IF I lose...rest assured I will post it here....

--- 帖子 #367 ---
Same here

My SL is 1.3430 - just beneath that spike from 2 march.

--- 帖子 #368 ---
support is holding ...let's see what happens...

--- 帖子 #369 ---
Feb,

If this higher low holds would you consider adding above the 1.3530 area resitance?

Thanks!

PS, Thanks also for the alert reply. That does make sense, but wouldnt it also make sense to have a targt alert?

--- 帖子 #370 ---
Target alert, of course!!  Sorry, sometimes I talk a lil' subjectively. Lately I am pretty much leaving the trade more breathing room. Actually I am evaluating my targets every 4 hr (while I am awake) to see how the market holds on levels.

I don't add to my positions. I make sure my load is sufficient to scale out if is necessary. It all depends..

--- 帖子 #371 ---
Another bullshit thread revealing nothing accept support and resistance. ''Here look at the chart, i dont spoon feed, i dont babysit, i dont make live trade calls, what would you do?''. What a load of bullshit lol. Thanks for nothing.

--- 帖子 #372 ---
I need to sit tight on my hands.

Though I don't trade my guts but only the charts, yet something inside is saying EU is getting set to take out the bottom. It's long overdue.

We'll see

Kenn

--- 帖子 #373 ---
I hear you brother!!!

--- 帖子 #374 ---
My stop @ 1.3524 had nothing to do with TS II

but everything with price often turning around @ .25

my trade was on M30 and my thinking was that 1.3545 was a resistance area twice and could well be a support area now.

I`m just trying to learn, so where would you have placed the stop?

thank you for your reply

--- 帖子 #375 ---
In my opinion at least 1.3460. Or more safe 1.3430.

--- 帖子 #376 ---
support is holding again!!!!

Patience......It's better to check the charts every 4 hr....

--- 帖子 #377 ---
If today's EU daily bar close below 3500, it might be goodbye bull correction. I like observation, it might be a good asset in this business.

--- 帖子 #378 ---
On M30 you should be playing ping-pong from 1.3480 to 1.3560 and back.

--- 帖子 #379 ---
I close my trade @3466. loss -84 ticks.

No problem - my stop was @3452 but as I see the market the bears definitely owns this market for now.

Trade was closed @ 7:48PM EST...

wash, rinse and repeat...

--- 帖子 #380 ---
So when should I enter short? After 1.3435 March 2 low breakdown and pullback?

--- 帖子 #381 ---
First - should you go short or long??

--- 帖子 #382 ---
Exactly!

I made 51 pips on Eur/Jpy last night.

I feel bearish on Euro until some sort of clearance over Greece.

Thanks & Regards,

--- 帖子 #383 ---
pullback would be better. breakdown can prove to be false as well. Plus I use pullback so might be biased towards it.

--- 帖子 #384 ---
The level 1.3450 was tested on Feb 19, Feb 25, March 2, and yesterday March 22.

Thus if this level will be broken time to go short. Otherwise long. The euro ATR is around 100 pips thus break of two ATR (200 pips) should be sufficient

--- 帖子 #385 ---
Feb,

Which tale does volume on futures saying?

--- 帖子 #386 ---
If you read my post above yesterday afternoon, I said if EU daily bar close below 1.3500, then might be goodbye to bull correction. And it did close below there so we're heading south.

If you look closely EU has not closed below 3500 since it came all the way down from 1.4000.

We'll feast our minds and our accounts. just enjoy

Kenn

--- 帖子 #387 ---
That was sweet opportunity - unfortunately I was sleeping

--- 帖子 #388 ---
Did you take any trades in this free fall??

I am attaching GBP/USD here, has made a H&S pattern and below 4480 (neckline) there is a good opportunity to short.

Eur/Usd waiting for pullback to enter in short side since no strong support till 3120.

Keep close eyes :nerd: on GBP though.

Thanks & Regards,

--- 帖子 #389 ---
Forgot to attach chart, please find it attached here.

--- 帖子 #390 ---
Congratulations to those who took the breakout - was worth around 100 ticks!!

I choose not to take it - and to be blunt I don't like breakouts in longer time frames...This is my personal subjective point of view please don't quote me later...I am not against breakouts. If you like to trade breakouts make sure you have some sort of confirmation like a pullback...

--- 帖子 #391 ---
EURO close on Feb 18 was 3489 on Broco feed.

--- 帖子 #392 ---
I think I will wait for pullback to 3400 - 3440 area.

--- 帖子 #393 ---
I have to agree 100% with you and going to enter at the same point.

I guess we are riding the same boat. Good luck to you and me as well.

--- 帖子 #394 ---
May I encourage you to act like a big boy, quit using profanity, and at least pretend to care about someone but yourself? It goes a long way toward creating goodwill. As it is, people just think you're an idiot.

--- 帖子 #395 ---
Sorry my friend but this is how I am....I have a suggestion with all respect.... if you don't like my thread simply go somewhere else... not kicking you out just that you're so offended with my sincerity the best way is just to skip the thread ...don't you agree is simple??

or

maybe put me in ignore list...that's another one...

Thanks....

--- 帖子 #396 ---
It is interesting that someone who specializes in martingale "average down" systems would think they were smart enough to recognize an idiot.  Another clue is someone who knows what everyone else thinks.

--- 帖子 #397 ---
that is good to know kiwi!!!

I have a felling that people are coming here ranting and everything frustrated because their magic "systems" won't work no more....Like a  monkey from one tree to another...Not my fault really...

this dreamliny guy has 28 threads started...what do you know???

I bet he's making money off this 28 ideas...what do U think Kiwi??...

--- 帖子 #398 ---
Losing is the cookie monster of this "systems"   ah yeah.....once they lose a couple of times in a run they just run like chickens looking who can save them from drawdown...

Just a side note here - I post my trades, whenever I have the chance....I don't have a magic wand...If I lose, I make it public...big deal!!!!

I am replying publicly to a guy ranting on my via PM - big baby go cry mama or just go try to get hired in wal-mart or something.....It's wrong to vent your frustration on me sweetie!!! I have nothing to do with your bunch of useless try-outs.....

But anyway, the doors are open if you want to learn something I'll give you good Karma ...

But please don't let the dreamily guy come around!!!! he's gonna get offended

--- 帖子 #399 ---
I'm a better trader since i found your system(irony included) Feb. And I'm not the only one. Don't worry about some stupid post coming from space. Remember you have no obligation for nothing here. Just for your pleasure.

--- 帖子 #400 ---
Thanks jalp!  that is encouraging..

--- 帖子 #401 ---
Out of boredom decided to short EURO @3324 based on M30 with small load.

--- 帖子 #402 ---
I don't know about Broco feed, I know about FXDD, FXOPEN, and GFT. They all agree, but there is always room for doubt in fx, only I go for what offers the least doubt.

To your success.

Kenn

--- 帖子 #403 ---
I think good sense is in short supply these days otherwise how could someone who's been around in FF with over a thousand posts to his name add this rubbish to a thread. And he/she wish to be respected. Is this how he accumulated all the posts? I'd rather post nothing than play the fool. I hope it's good riddance to rotten egg.

Kenn

--- 帖子 #404 ---
With Fx closes ... what day are you closing?

Do you use London midnight (more trading than elsewhere?)

Do you use Eastern or Chicago midnight ... just because?

Or do you use Globex Open time because all the futures contracts open each day at globex open (the afternoon before )  Personally I use the Globex hours but watch London midnight (which is a little later) so that I am aware of how others are seeing the end of the day and any subsequent breakouts.

--- 帖子 #405 ---
For me personally I take US close to mean the day's close. I have always believed this to be logical since Australia starts the new day as US is closing.

It has been working for me though

--- 帖子 #406 ---
The waiting game.......

--- 帖子 #407 ---
Hello to all,

Well...lost 50 on a buy @ 1.3346 my stoploss was @132.96..price rebounded @.3384 ..... Have another buy order above .3460... with a comfortable load and more breathing room.

--- 帖子 #408 ---
Looking for a short opportunity for GBP/USD as well as Eur/USD. Will post here once shorted if equations don't change.

.3460 is very good place to enter buy, little above 3460 sounds more comfortable since 3450 zone can act as a major resistance point and can provide false breakouts.

Thanks & Regards,

--- 帖子 #409 ---
Hi feb, I hope you're doing fine, although I'm new here but I've been consistently reading FF forum for 2 years. I usually don't post till now I didn't got a way to make my trading consistently grow months by months. I tried your system II and it's quite working fine, but it's too stressful sometimes. I'm planing to adopt this reversal system III. Thanks for your generosity.

This is my first trade with System III. Currently I'm on this long ride, looks like I'm about to stopped out.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #410 ---
Be careful guys 3460 is  still right in the middle of this S/R zone. So some 30 pips long spike  over there wouldn't be surprise. Everything below at least 3500 looks  pretty bearish to me - unless we're looking for some 20p scalp. Anyway  there's a real mess above 3450 I hope price will create some clear  situation below that level.

--- 帖子 #411 ---
I would like to see the market busting 3500 before thinking long...shark infested waters...

maybe our dear friends on the floor could help us out - ES look pretty bullish now....

It's all maybe's.....anyway I rather sit on my hands.....although 3460 look pretty tempting

--- 帖子 #412 ---
I won't consider long in the nearest term. it might seem a religion with me now but we're heading to 1.3100. retracement will be very minimal for some time now until we move clearly away from 1.3450.

I talk like a dogmatist already

Kenn

--- 帖子 #413 ---
GBP/USD shorted at 1.4877 with SL of 1.5007 and target of 1.4760

GBP/USD has some minor support at 1.4780 if anyone considers early exit.

Suggestions are welcome.

Thanks & Regards,

--- 帖子 #414 ---
Watch your back. Trichet and Bernanke speaking at the same time. Possible spike.

--- 帖子 #415 ---
Thanks if that's for me.

I'm no expert but certainly would not avoid all news period, as long as my parameters match.

I have a feeling that even though Greece issue is solved within the EU, it will not give huge confidence to investors.

My bet on GBP is also dependent on upcoming elections which is another uncertainty.

Above are my personal views so all kind of comments are welcome.

Thanks & Regards,

--- 帖子 #416 ---
I guys..

I´m new in forex and dont have a lot of experience

my biggest problem is greed , I want everything today I do not want to wait until tomorrow if i can win now do you understand??

I trade in a 5min chart and since I have been trading in a naked chart only whit S/R line and watching the price movement i have been profitable

my advice for all traders is do not what everything today, if you had just had a big earning stop and think again for about 30min until open another trade.

i do not trade intraday so this tips are only for traders like me but this one is for everyone DO NOT BE GREEDY ONE DAY AT THE TIME

nice post feb looking for more info about your work!

--- 帖子 #417 ---
I wish I could trade 5 mins but thats just too less time to judge. Anyhow, Greed and fear are said to be the biggest enemies of Good decision in trading.

--- 帖子 #418 ---
The secret is to reduce to minimum your load. Never more than 1% of your account. If you put 10% on the table you will miss your target for sure.

--- 帖子 #419 ---
Diogo,

You are in the wrong thread.

Check out The System II (Yes with irony)
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=80290

--- 帖子 #420 ---
Once again Thanking Feb to make me take right decisions.

I'm already positive +70 pips and already locked my profits with +20 pips as new SL and the best part is that I don't have to scalp like past when I used to glue myself to monitor with out of control emotions.

Amen

--- 帖子 #421 ---
our friend here has learned the most useful lesson, if anyone said greed didn't bite him in the beginning, don't waste your precious time reading whatever he writes. it's a major destroyer and yet it's  about the most difficult sin to get rid off your life.

now you have the solution, great for you. but for those who haven't got the solution i advice you take 2 to 3 hours break once you make 30 pips in any trade. it was the best advice i ever got from my trainer.

my 2 cents

kenn

--- 帖子 #422 ---
Most of the people know that greed and fear are not good.

But I'd have to disagree with you on the second paragraph. Maybe its working for you and that's great.

I want to express my views on greed and fear and hope to add my 2 cents.

When you take your profits too early thinking you will lose your already accumulated profits, that's fear and it should not be thought of as not being greedy. For example, I analysis trade which could give easy 40-50 pips according to analysis however, as soon as it's +20 pips I feel ooh let me get out and not be greedy and take this 20 pips. Then that's almost a certain way of failure. because you don't only become to have got 20 pips but also you have to think of covering those trades which would hit stop loss.

On the other hand, when you let your loses run too huge in HOPE of market would turn in positive is an example of fear.

Greed moreover is over leveraging of capital and putting all eggs in one basket.

All suggestions are welcome.

Thanks & Regards,

--- 帖子 #423 ---
Feb and others,

Yep...you guys were right on...long around 3460 was chum money for the sharks.....at least my load was lighter than usual..

Let me get the blood stains off and repeat...

--- 帖子 #424 ---
Then sell 60% of the load at 20 or better 40 pips and lets the rest of the matta ride.

I like to take some partial gain and move stop loss to B/E.

Yes, sometimes I miss the runner due to stop hunting but in that case most of the trades have some small profit.

--- 帖子 #425 ---
On assumption that 3300 holding went long @3338.

--- 帖子 #426 ---
feb.

some time ago I realized something ... if I´m winning why stop?

for me greed is my biggest weakness ..

every day my conscience says to me do not trade large amount of your account and be profitable instead of being one more failure trader ..

almost 90% of my trades are correct but some times i get greedy and win less than i expected and close a trade when she is going back on me and some time after she goes in the right direction ... i would like to someone teach me how to close a trade when she is going in the wrong direction because i do like to close trades when I am wrong ...

hope- do not believe in anything beside the chart ( some times the chart lies to XD)

greed- do not be greedy , it´s more important to trade profitable than win one big and than lose other big.

fear- if you have fear close your trade . trust in your capability of reading the chart. ( after learning forex  =)   )

my English isnt that good i now sorry for something you don't understant

--- 帖子 #427 ---
Hello,

Woke up to this upswing on the eur/usd..... will wait for a possible pullback and a continuation beyond the 1.3400 area before going long.....or do we have a ping pong effect... the big IF and THEN is in place.

--- 帖子 #428 ---
Oh boy what a bearish week we had!! anyway I stop trading due doc's appointment and stuff. I lost 80 something pips playing contrary and that's ok by me. Anyway since I started trading on higher notes I created enough cushion for any loss....as a matter of fact my loss wasn't that great moneywise. I could go short of course but I simply choose not to.

Guys I'll be in and out of the thread due health reasons. Ok, I feel better than ever but I am looking for a 100% total clearance on my condition and I am convinced is possible. In the coming days I will be checking all my options and most likely I'll have to move out. I'll keep you guys posted. I won't vanish ..promise. I'll be checking the thread regularly but I won't be trading..well all depends....let's see what happens...

Somebody ask me privately about pivot points. I'll respond publicly for the benefit of all (with his permission of course).

Pivot Points are my bread and butter in futures. Honestly, I have never use them in forex. I believe that they're hard to trade if you go to a lower time frame like 5 minutes or so. Forex is crazier and wilder on short time frames than futures...that's for sure...in order for you to use pivot levels you should trade them on 1 hr and up.

This is a theory I have and please don't quote me...just talking by experience. Please read.

A Lot of big guns and pouring cash in forex futures...I should say since a couple of years now. They're also pouring cash on the spot. Big money. As I know for a fact that pivot points are their bread and butter, don't be surprised if the forex market begin to react and these levels. I don't have a way to confirm this but like I said is just a theory. You just make your own conclusions and will be nice if someone check that out. I hate backtesting.

If any of you have an input on this matter, please let us know. I am personally interested.

See you guys soon....

Peace and good karma to everyone including dreamily and tanairy..

--- 帖子 #429 ---
Hope the appointments go well for ya Feb.

--- 帖子 #430 ---
Thanks brother!!

--- 帖子 #431 ---
Well I finished the week pretty much even..took some shots long that did not work out....

Feb my friend take care and be well. Don't forget where I live so pm or email with your progress.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #432 ---
Feb,

Do you trade Pivot points in the same way as Support and Resistance lines?

Do you wait for price to break through pivot point and come back and then initiate the trade?

Thanks,

/t

--- 帖子 #433 ---
Depending on the close of the bar. Either support and resistance or a breakout...Depending on the song they play I dance accordingly...

--- 帖子 #434 ---
Actually trading pivots on ES lately is very predictable...Just a side note...

--- 帖子 #435 ---
Good luck and take care. Your health is number one on the list.

Good weekend to all of you guys.

--- 帖子 #436 ---
Best of lucks, Feb. You deserve it.

--- 帖子 #437 ---
i put pivot indicator on my charts just to be sure. some times the market respects pivots, some other times they mean nothing but mere lines on my chart. but generally i use them to be sure i'm missing nothing of value.

if you need indicator that i use, search the forum for 'cobrafx THV', i use the v2 pivot instead of the v3. but make your choice.

Kenn

--- 帖子 #438 ---
Good morning to all,

This is what I am looking at....keep in mind that this is a 3hr. timeframe(Oanda). As far as support/resistance the one that I am paying any attention to is the 1.3800 area. Today we are looking at some consolidation...price is ranging within 100pips or so..so I will sit on my hands and wait for a breakout of this range...folowed by a pullback and a confirmation before I stick my neck out.....for me is about the time that I am willing to dedicate to trading coupled with realistic goals. Man...I tell you going from a 5min timeframe to 3hrs...well it feels kind of geriatric... but for me it makes a lot of sense given my personal situation.

Good luck to all

--- 帖子 #439 ---
I trade daily and 4 hour. It means I have a life...

--- 帖子 #440 ---
seconded...

--- 帖子 #441 ---
I'm watching 1.3500 to go long.

--- 帖子 #442 ---
and pips as well....

--- 帖子 #443 ---
Yes, of course.... ... In order to keep it simple, I will wait for a breakout and a confirmation before embarking on a long.

Good luck

--- 帖子 #444 ---
Good Evening and have a good full of pips week to all here.

@Feb: How is your health now? Hope you're well.

Grabbed 45 pips on Eur/Jpy early in the week.

Eur Usd - 1.3520 and above close is bullish.

All suggestions welcome.

--- 帖子 #445 ---
Hi Feb

I am also using this idea in my trading plan.

Past supports turns into resistances and past resistances turns into supports. Most people thought that the reversal should happen exactly at the point of support or resistance, but there are time where the price will move past that levels 10 to 20 pips before they reverse.

That's where the stop loss comes into play. Do not place a stingy stop loss as it does not give the price any room for movement.

Good Luck

--- 帖子 #446 ---
Hi guys, just reading through the thread, few more pages to go

Im noticing possible short atm, i see 3530 has acted as strong support in the past, ibut im wondering if im looking back too much, cause that support, now ressistance can be seen in higher timeframes. I hope theres nothing wrong with posting 4h chart, cause i have read that feb is using it on 30min tf. Im just wondering if im looking "right".

30min

http://j.imagehost.org/0899/Untitled-4.jpg

4h Timframe

http://j.imagehost.org/0540/febo.jpg

--- 帖子 #447 ---
This one goes on my wall, printing

--- 帖子 #448 ---
Good morning,

My limit order @ 3525 was triggered during the Tokyo session only to be taken out at .3485... I don't like to trade blind but it was a low load and as long as I don't fall into the pray and hope trap.. no problem. Psychologically, loosing should be as light as the dust on your shoulders.... not mud on your feet..... Trying to stay light on my feet so that I can jump and react with no fear...... Trading a comfortable amount helps.  Atm...pa is back in the range...no predictions.....but sooner or later it will breakout.

Good luck to all

--- 帖子 #449 ---
nice trade moneda,

It was the first move on 3535. Where was your stop lost?

Thank and good luck!

--- 帖子 #450 ---
I made 40 pips on Eur/Usd from 3480 to 3520.

I have mixed Feb's all three techniques for my trading style & be honest, it has proven to be an excellent with more 360+ pip from 14th March till today.

I felt that with only support and resistance, there is one slight problem.

I will try and explain with an example. For EUR/USD is believed to have resistance near 3500 but then how can one enter? One always have question like whether to buy if price is 3530 because it has breached resistance and gone past it OR sell at 3530 thinking it might be still in the resistance range and anticipate it to go back.

This problem prompted me to use mix up of feb's previous methods with this.

I am sorry for my English, but if anyone is unclear of what I want to say, I can explain with another example.

Thanks & Regards,

--- 帖子 #451 ---
Hi ForexFan,

How would you filter all those critical pts you mentioned?

--- 帖子 #452 ---
Good morning(est)

Price action continues to dance within a 150 pip range... You have several options at hand....one of them is to wait for a breakout out of this consolidation. Whatever one decides to do, the key to all options is Risk Management. It makes little difference what your winning % is as long as you make more than you loose in the long term. Just a reminder for all of us with itchy fingers..

--- 帖子 #453 ---
Fxfan,

Perhaps you can include a chart(s) to show us how you are incorporating Feb's sytems.... the say a picture is worth a thousand words...

--- 帖子 #454 ---
Guys

Is good to know the thread is picking up. Officially I'll be out of trading and posting for a while. After many time spent searching, getting educated, etc. , I finally found something that will help me out getting back on my feet 100%. I am not saying goodbye just a temporary hold on all my activities.

I sincerely wish you all the best and remember - price is king. You don't need any crutches to trade...feel free and liberated on all this chains people impose on you...be practical. You either have a trade or not. If you lose, shake it off and keep moving. That's the nature of this game.

It's very important that you feel comfortable on what you're doing. Don't follow rules to the T. Charts are pretty much a slave. Don't worship anything there. Charts are just an illustration of price as is forming. Trading is not black and white, has many shades of grey. You need to look what's more appropriated for you.

Make sure you call the shots - not the market.

Don't fall prey on this "ah  that doesn't work because xxxx" predicament. Make things work for you. Forexfactory is full of crash and burned traders that has nothing to do but to put you down. Envy is abound my friends. Yes, envy because they can't comprehend why a guy with a couple of lines can squeeze money out of the markets consistently. A very common pattern is that you'll see them like a monkey form one tree to another - they begin a thread and all of the sudden they're posting in another saying "ah this is exactly what I was looking for"... Don't be like that...stick to your guns no matter what..

Take one day at the time. If you lose today, there will be another chance tomorrow...and another...and another...and another etc...

Take care guys...I am not fading away...I'll be back soon

Peace and good Karma...

--- 帖子 #455 ---
FEB, All the best to you. I thank you from my heart. I also thank my god for showing the real path to trading.  Good luck buddy.

--- 帖子 #456 ---
I'm currently short on this. It might go for a break out but I'm using small load. And I will also set it for breakout too, I means closing this short at minimal loss and taking the long ride.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #457 ---
All the very best to you Feb. See you soon

--- 帖子 #458 ---
As always your wise words have encouraged me a lot.

God bless you with excellent health and wealth..

--- 帖子 #459 ---
Latest trades:

EUR/JPY: +95 pips

AUD/USD: -40 pips and to be honest, this is a loss that I would love to have because it was after so many successful trades and tought me a valuable lesson as well.

I am attaching here EUR/JPY chart to explain how I mix up the techniques.

In this chart, you can see that EUR/JPY is showing uptrend in 4 hours chart. and therefore I considered only long trade but here is the trick, rather than jumping in at anytime, I waited for a retrace ment to happen.

I don't know how to add many things on charts like some of you guys, so added simple 4 lines ( in red) to show you where I entered.

You can see in the chart that EUR/JPY went up to 125.04 in the 3rd and 4th candle in the chart. then retraced back to 124.14, now I would want a bullish candle to close higher than opening price of previous bearish candle for an entry. (sort of engulfing)

In the box , you can see clearly that one big bullish candle which closes at 125. That is my entry point since it matched my criteria. Now, stop loss is the bottom of the retracement which is 124.14 + - 3-4 pips. and my target is 126 keeping in mind 1:1 ratio.

I hope I have managed to explain my strategy.

One more thing, I had +95 pips on this trade and -40 pips on AUD/USD. therefore, my profit should have been +45 pips right. But my profit is only +15 pips. Do you know why????

--- 帖子 #460 ---
Hello Feb,

Been a silent viewer and just want to send my sincere gratitude for your inspirational thoughts and guidance on trading.

Take care and hope to see you back soon,

RisingSun

--- 帖子 #461 ---
[quote=forex_fan;3600857]Latest trades:

EUR/JPY: +95 pips

AUD/USD: -40 pips and to be honest, this is a loss that I would love to have because it was after so many successful trades and tought me a valuable lesson as well.

Forex fan,

what was the lesson you learned? Perhaps a chart to help us understand.

thank you,

d

--- 帖子 #462 ---
Feb thanks for all your kindness. Our prayers are with you for your good health and longer life with happiness.

--- 帖子 #463 ---
[quote=drob;3602119]
When I took a trade, within half an hour there were two consecutive red colored news data was due. News data came negative and immediately my stoploss was hit.

I don't always avoid trading during news times; however, if signal is not strong and data is very critical, best suggestion is to not take a new position.

Above Lesson learnt.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #464 ---
Have I graduated to become the predator? or prey? Let's see how is my naked trade go

--- 帖子 #465 ---
Right now 107 pips

--- 帖子 #466 ---
Close short trade for 83pips  and enter long

--- 帖子 #467 ---
Looking for short opportunity in EUR/USD if closed below 3270.

Chart attached.

--- 帖子 #468 ---
Cool. 255 pips. SL adjusted.

--- 帖子 #469 ---
How is your trade brother. I have enter long for quick scalping.

--- 帖子 #470 ---
Forget to attach the chart.

--- 帖子 #471 ---
Long trade close for 112 pips. Shorted

Feb, How are you? I hope you are happy pipping and healthy.

I have clicked with your method.

--- 帖子 #472 ---
Close short trade 133pips and enter long.

Yo! What a stress free way.

I like dancing with the market....

--- 帖子 #473 ---
Was going to complain I haven't read from you, then I saw this.

I'll be praying for best of health for you. You have helped many,

you must get all the help.

Bless ya Brother

Kenn

--- 帖子 #474 ---
Still holding GbpJpy and SL adjusted

--- 帖子 #475 ---
Looking for long around 3455 area  stop loss will be below 3410 around 3380 3390.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #476 ---
I'm still in this long trade. My take profit is 3490

--- 帖子 #477 ---
stopped out -52 points.

--- 帖子 #478 ---
Saw the bullish engulfing candle, oversold stoch on the 4h, good fundamental news, went long and voila got stopped out

we live to battle the next day

--- 帖子 #479 ---
They key for my success in life, generally speaking, lies in the process of doing things. This will sound complicated but if you think long and deep you’ll catch my drift. When I was a kid , there’s one forbidden  phrase in my house “ I can’t do it” You have no idea how many slaps I got in my face because of that. Eventually I bite my tongue. I have to literally bleed in order for my father to help me out with any situation. Yes, I bled a couple of times doing stuff that I really don’t fell comfortable talking about. I brought this mentality to my professional and personal life.

Was my daddy a bad guy? No way!! I can’t thank him enough to show me this way…

On this, I learned the following:

Results are irrelevant…really, trust me it works that way. Here’s some food for your brain.

People play the lottery with the idea to pick the winning numbers…sounds logical right?

They cross the fingers “hoping”  to get it right this time…” I wish I get the winning numbers” They talk about “the numbers” like if they are already made. Like if someone already decided what the numbers will be…wrong!!!…that’s up in the air.

Some traders too focused on catching the wave in x direction, like if that was already decided….”the market is long/short etc…….see, I really don’t care on what direction the market ***should**move.  My only concern is ONLY to be there when the opportunity knocks…that IS the process….which is more relevant than the results….

The process of doing things will mold the results sooner or later. I can’t explain this in simple words because this is one instance in what you must do the walkin, I really can do it for you. But as long as you get stuck in the middle trying to get results AKA winners, you will be crippling the process of doing, which is where you need to put ALL your effort.

When I trade, I win every time, even if the outcome is negative…why???. The gap between the two(process and results) will grow closer and closer to the point that you will come ahead every month and trading will be…what’s the word????? Boring…

I am not intending to impose my beliefs or preach religion etc. I do believe in frequency,  vibration, light, the law of attraction  and interaction within the universe.. I believe humanity complicate things too much. It is simple, there’s no other way to put it.

I will probably sound arrogant but here I go: When I started trading I knew I was going to be successful. I told my mentor that I was gonna be succesful. He rolled his eyes but after a couple of years he realized I was right. Here’s what I did:

I didn’t wish to be the best. That wouldn’t be right. You don’t have to beg, you just simply have to go thru the process. I knew that my process would not be an easy one, but I saw the whole picture: Process and results. But as I began trading, focusing on results faded away and I submerge entirely in the process.

Everytime you “wish” for something, you’re simply begging. Nobody is gonna give ya something for nothing. So the effect will be a whole bunch of people (who are actually doing the process) stepping on your toes…and probably on your head if you’re on the floor.

I mastered the process. I learned valuable lessons via the process. Then I became successful.

In this game, whoever is numero uno won’t stay at the top for long. Very soon, they crash and burn. The idea is to stay at the middle, enough to make a living and save some cash.

My daily routine

My guide are my hands. Every morning (no exceptions) I close my eyes for a while, and I touch my hands gently looking to feel the softness. I get in contact with myself before anything. I drink a full glass of water as soon as I wake up – no exceptions. I meditate . Simple stuff. I don’t pray , I just look within myself.

Whenever I sit in front of the screen, I make sure is me in 100% because I know the task at hand will put me in the risk of a total drainage.

I will not tell you that it woks like I just discovered gold or something. I know it works magically for me. But it’s important for you to be 100% when you do something. If not you’ll be screwed most likely.

Trading is one of the most difficult jobs in the whole world. Put a lot of stress in your heart. But if you choose to get this business going, you must know, in top of everything that losing is not bad. Is like breathing to life. Take another perspective and embraced. Once you conquer the cookie monster, trading just become a walk in the park

This is most likely my last post(s) in this forum. Everything come to pass and my postings are not an exception. I sincerely thanks everyone who contributed to the thread(s). I sincerely hope for you all the best and I am honored to help so many people in this site.

I will stick around for a couple of days. just in case someone have a question. Then I’ll move on.

Who knows I might comeback one day.

Good Karma.

--- 帖子 #480 ---
Nice post Feb, Its a shame to lose another genuine person of the forum..

All the best from Ireland

Rebel.

--- 帖子 #481 ---
Thanks for sharing the insights Feb..

Hope all goes well

Regards

--- 帖子 #482 ---
Good post Feb.  And some excellent threads started and seed sown.

All the best with your future.

--- 帖子 #483 ---
Those are words of a true trader.

Farewell Feb.

--- 帖子 #484 ---
The soul inside,fight with me all the time. So my mind and finger like separated entity, it don't listen to what I said.

That's what I think trading is difficult.

I read all your post from 1st page till the last and no doubt you really have many people to see thing in a crystal clear way.

Thank you and big thank you is the only word I say to you. I've keep your system I,II,III and trading journal safely deep in my mind and soul.You have helped me to see the simplistic of pure chart reading with no other crutches at all.

Feel gloomy a bit as I can't hear your word of wisdom often when my trading go wrong

Nevertheless,
"Wash Rinse Repeat",

"Be a Predator not a  Prey",

"Lick Your Wound Shake it off and Prey",

"Market is Like a Moving Sand,Your Best Chance is to Dance with it as Your Best Indicator",

"Let's cry together...Buahhh",

" Stick to One TF and One Chart",

" Price is King"
"Higher/highs - lower lows...that's a key ingredient in order to read the  markets

the market "failed" to move higher...oh yeah I got stopped

so I tell the charts ( yes I talk to the markets) "are you're going to  move up...huh???"  "show me your higher highs mother !@#$$$$% LOL

" oh so  you're acting sissy....oh is that what you want??? so you just  fooled me into moving higher???

I am going to getcha down"

You don't have to talk to the charts...it's just my style LOL"

are those phrases of wisdom embeded in me and always will refer them if it goes wrong.

Wishing you good karma and happy pipping from the bottom of my heart

--- 帖子 #485 ---
Thanks Feb. Your threads/posts have been inspirational. A real wake up call for many I am sure. A real shame you aren't sticking around.

All the very best to you.

--- 帖子 #486 ---
FEB,

I always said that the most revolutionary tool for me in  trading was your first post on The System II thread. It literally changed my life  after years of being near, but not there.

This last post of  yours is the other side of the same coin. Nothing starts without and  end. There is nothing implicitly bad on it. Actually, there is beauty on  it. But we, as human beings, tend to be happy when things start and sad  when things come to an end.

I am sad that I will not see you  again posting here and would like to say personally goodbye to you  through the same channel we used to talk several months ago. But if that  is not possible, you must know that you are, above all, a good person.

I  don't know how to say thanks enough. But I can tell you, from the  deepest part of my heart,

GRACIAS, AMIGO.

--- 帖子 #487 ---
Feb,

It's amazing and inspiring to see how you managed to change lives and spread good karma on your threads.

I too have been touched/changed by you and i feel lucky i have met you.

I thank you with all my heart and wish you all the best.

Good bye.

--- 帖子 #488 ---
Thanks for the kind words - it was a true honor helping you guys out.

Jplo - my health is fine - better than ever.

Treasure the good things. Keep in mind that this game is not for everyone but you guys are already in the ring so there's no other way to go but up. Give the good fight and master the craft.

I'll be around until sunday May 2 2010.

My PM is flooded so please bear with me until I clear (and reply) some of the messages up - I promise I will keep them on a file here at my computer.

--- 帖子 #489 ---
FEB

Don't really know what to say. You have help many, Nature must help you.

I must say I feel I'm losing the whole world with you out of the scene. But no great master will stick around forever. Goodbye Master, it will always be well with you.

YOU WILL ALWAYS BE WATCHED BY THE ALMIGHTY. BLESS YA!

Kenn.

--- 帖子 #490 ---
Hey Feb!

I havent posted much on forums lately myself, but I couldnt resist this one.

I am very glad that your health is OK.

You are one of few people that are talking about the market and trading for what it really is, and has totally turned around the way I look at the market right now.

I especially like this last post of yours, process and results... Awesome!!!

You should write a book, (and in brooklynish too). It would be a great read!!!

Peace!

--- 帖子 #491 ---
Awesome post. inspirational.

belated happy birthday, Sir!

Glad to know u take care of your health.

pretty sure u'll be back, sometime, somehow.

Thank you & God bless!

--- 帖子 #492 ---
HI!

Feb thank you for all you teaching, hope you will come back soon.

--- 帖子 #493 ---
Come back

--- 帖子 #494 ---
I want to marry him.

--- 帖子 #495 ---
it seems to me, that this system, is in many ways, is like an inverse of system II.  and yet, both are profitable?

--- 帖子 #496 ---
As per request of some friends I have here, I am going to post possibly today answers about some issues, concerns and maybe I'll throw some tips here and there.

Stick around. I'll post this afternoon.

Good Karma..

--- 帖子 #497 ---
WHOA!!!! All Hail FEB.!!!!! Welcome back!!

--- 帖子 #498 ---
Thank you for returning, hope you are in good health.

--- 帖子 #499 ---
Hello everyone!!!!!

In order to keep this thread alive, I'll post my last early-morning trade on E/U.

As you can see from the chart - I use 30min TF. 4h TF is too slow for me.... lol

At the chart I mark my entery-and-exit areas... If you remember Feb always told not to consider exactly price, but areas.....

So - good luck, traders!!!!!!

--- 帖子 #500 ---
My new trade long.

After I have seen the intention of E/U not to break the level, but rather to bounce off - I went long.... It does not mean the E/U will not break the lower level...... But - we do not know...  Right?  So - all we do - take the chance on possible outcomes.

Remember - not to predict, but - to react!

EDIT:

My long position was stopped out... No worries - the loss was only 1/4 of my previous profit of the short trade.

Trade well, brothers!

--- 帖子 #501 ---
Does anybody else trades this "System"???

Does anybody likes this "System"???

--- 帖子 #502 ---
Hi Dim

--- 帖子 #503 ---
Ah! Ok.... I see!

Good call!

As I get it - 3141 was your initially SL. Right????

so - good catching the bus from one level to the other!

--- 帖子 #504 ---
waiting to see if it breaks 12.732

--- 帖子 #505 ---
If you  are watching 4hr timeframe - here is what I see there....

--- 帖子 #506 ---
dim4ik42 yes that is what i see to was just waiting to see if it broke that level and the then came back i went long @.740

--- 帖子 #507 ---
Personally I like to trade System III on more shorter time frames....

I like - 15 minutes.

Here is my first trade of today. Looks decent for the moment.

Possible target - around 1,2811

FYI - I am not demo-trader.... Everything what I do - is with real money....

--- 帖子 #508 ---
I did bail out that trade.... no loss for me.... just the market did not reach my goal....

Wait for the next set up.

--- 帖子 #509 ---
interesting area I am watching right now.....

it is not the thin line.... but the fat support-resistanse area which is made by some tops and lows......

--- 帖子 #510 ---
Hi dim4ik42, are those targets..????, you agree???

Thanks and good day trade

Popeye

--- 帖子 #511 ---
Yep... I agree with your targets... but - do not forget to play with your R:R ratio... this is as important as targets...

and - look at my picture... there are the levels.. you can use them as your targets.

Thank you!

Good day to you too!

--- 帖子 #512 ---
Here is what I see now at 15 min timeframe.

Pretty nice levels..... Will see what they will give to us...      lol...

--- 帖子 #513 ---
Another trade, another target reached.

Like feb2865 used to say - another boring trade  ...

Because of my sleeping (this trade was going during the night in my time zone), I went short light loaded.

Decide for yourself how do you prefer to make profit  - with super-complicated trading system, or with simple decent working method .

Here is the chart:

--- 帖子 #514 ---
my chart forget the ma20

--- 帖子 #515 ---
Nice view!

Here is my chart with possible SL placing...

--- 帖子 #516 ---
levels what i am now wathing.

Look at the chart. This is 15 E/U

--- 帖子 #517 ---
looking to go short, after market shows its hands...

FYI - previous long (from level 2786) - is just great!

--- 帖子 #518 ---
As i see - some INVISIBLE members are looking at this thread...

Well - if you fear to open yourself - enjoy your invisible-status

--- 帖子 #519 ---
New levels are coming...

Here is what I see:

--- 帖子 #520 ---
I do like the way feb2865 used to show the levels.... some lines, some arrows....

Here they are:

--- 帖子 #521 ---
just watch the levels

--- 帖子 #522 ---
Well done, my friend!!!!!  Great!

--- 帖子 #523 ---
Always wanted to be invisable,

Anyway I just looking thanks

I like the idea of the system SIMPLE but don't like the small time frames my heart can't take them so will see if this is possiable on some of the higher ones.

By the way this is my favourite quote from feb2865

"I don't look at any other timeframe. Just what I have in front of me. Makes my trading simpler. I tell you one thing, there's no way to measure weakness or strength that is a myth. The market is simply a collective state of mind and honestly you have no clue on what's gonna happen next nor your next trade is gonna be successful or not. Even volume is deceiving."

very true and I have had to do the hard yards and plenty of stupid indicators to get here.

--- 帖子 #524 ---
Ok, my friend!

Yes, the "system" is really simple. Simple by its rules. But - trading by itself was never simple business... So - at least we have stress-free chart environment here

About time frames - you can choise whatever makes you happy! As you see - the original time frame of this thread was 30 min. After a while it was changed by feb2865 to 4 hr...  Personally I like to have things faster - this is why I did chose 15 min TF. Earlier I was trading 5 min. TF... So - to wait for 4 hr is tooooooo long for me

... and - that is one of my beloved quotes from feb2865 too, my friend!

Trade well, my friend! Come to us anytime with your charts.

--- 帖子 #525 ---
Ah... I miss that short trade (white arrow at the chart) because of the sleeping.... Ah-h-h-h!...

But - I took the previous short (yellow arrow at the chart) and got profit

--- 帖子 #526 ---
To show you one of my live trades.....

... I am not demo trader... What I trade - I do it with real money

--- 帖子 #527 ---
i took a loss....  I am honestly with you...

What should I do??? Crying???     No, brothers...lol

I will wait for another opportunity....

--- 帖子 #528 ---
As you can see - I took another chance.....

As risk allows me to do it - I take trades....

--- 帖子 #529 ---
It's great that you're keeping this very good thread going!

Many thanks for your sharing and good trading to you,

Brent

Also: I thought that I'd mention that I do use the Invisible cloak, not out of fear (LOL!) but, because sometimes I'll be reading a thread and leave the computer for several hours. I just think that it may look strange - like I'm reading the thread all day long. Ha! Anyway, if you see "Invisible" you know it's me. LOL!

--- 帖子 #530 ---
Well... I have to be honestly with you, and with me of course too...

Why I took loss at this my shot is - my mistake by placing my SL.

Well - lesson learned!

No need for panic... just - I have to be more careful next time.

--- 帖子 #531 ---
Thank you, brother!

Come to us - anytime you want!!!

P.S. - read the thread (or be online here ) as long as you want! It is OK!

--- 帖子 #532 ---
Thanks my friend!

I'll bring coffee!

http://www.gcfoodguide.com.au/blog/w...offee-boat.jpg

--- 帖子 #533 ---
This my trade was wonderful!

It gave me sweet 3:1 RR!!!!!

Ok.... I am done for the day....

Will see you at Monday!

Good luck and good trades to you, my brothers!!!!!

--- 帖子 #534 ---
Thank you brother!!!

Yum-yum! It is very tasty!  ... and it helped me to have nice trade!

--- 帖子 #535 ---
Hello please could explain at trace levels of support and resistance?

All you have already drawn support and resistance or drawing each day will begin to trade?

I apologize for my poor English.

Greetings and thanks.

--- 帖子 #536 ---
Hello!

Ok, i will explain how I trace the S-and-R lines...

It is not so hard - just look for turning points in the past. That's it. No more, no less...

I think - if you will re-read this thread from beginning it would be easy for you to get the idea of the drawing of Support and Resistance.

The author of this thread Feb2865 did explain very well how to find these levels...

Good luck! If you will have some problems - you can ask here at any time!

--- 帖子 #537 ---
Ok thankyou very much, I´ll re-read the thread.

--- 帖子 #538 ---
wait and see what it shows us

--- 帖子 #539 ---
Hello friends, in this situation, it would be correct to think about going long at the end of the current candle?

What do you think that would be the signal to go long if it closes above 1.2680, wait for a bull candle ?

thanks.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #540 ---
LONG  !
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #541 ---
out ...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #542 ---
Short !

--- 帖子 #543 ---
Short !
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #544 ---
out, I´ve a lot to learn ...
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #545 ---
Arkan! you look like a newbie in Forex, I would suggest you to read this thread entirely and note the key points, and I'm also guiding you to keep in mind what time big moves happen, these moves happen around London open till a few hours after New York open.

Today is Friday and a big move already have happened a few hours ago, today it's done for system III. Let's come back on Monday and start trading...

--- 帖子 #546 ---
Arkan!

The first what I see - you have too much levels at your chart, brother.

Look at my chart here.... The idead of your levels should be - you just point out the turning points.... Last turning points...

It means - you look for areas where the market did totally reverse... But - do not take my words by heart, ok?  Just look for turning points - they create the levels.

--- 帖子 #547 ---
Secondly...

Brother Arkan.... Look closely at this chart below... It is the chart of feb2865.

He did show us by this chart how we suppose to draw our levels.

We all here in this thread got the idea about turning points mostly by this first and main chart.....

Look at it closely over and over...

--- 帖子 #548 ---
Hi guys, thank you very much for your answers.

I´m reading all the thread.

Then when the price reach to the last turn point, how dou you act in this moment ?

What is the signal that you wait for trade long or short ?

Sorry if I make many questions, thank you very much.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #549 ---
Arkan!

My friend...

To find better TURNING POINTS in the past, to see them more clear you have to zoom out the chart....

then you will see them more clear!

--- 帖子 #550 ---
Look for this charts....

Chart #1 - is not so clear (at lest for me),

but chart #2 - is much better to see Turning Points. Isn't it?

--- 帖子 #551 ---
Now...

you can easily  draw your levels, based on turning points in the past... Ok?

Can you do the same???

But, brother, it is an example... every next moment the market will have different shapes.... So.... you have to become an expert how to look for turning points.... I am sure - you will get the idea...

--- 帖子 #552 ---
... and remember - by trading this method - you trade Early Market Reversals.

You trade also Support and Resistance... but mainly - YOU TRADE SUPPLY AND DEMAND! It is the core of all markets. Just practice!

--- 帖子 #553 ---
thank you very much, tomorrow i´ll start to trade.

I´ll show my trades for that the experts corrected the mistakes.

A last question , when you trace a turn point with a line, you insert in that level a order limit or wait to see how reacts the price in that level?

Example :

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #554 ---
Hello!

Wait a minute. I will try to explain what I do....

--- 帖子 #555 ---
Please, look at this chart.

Look at those areas with white ellipses...

I will continue in one minute,...  wait ...

--- 帖子 #556 ---
Personally I do not enter in the trade just because the price did reach the level.

I always look at such areas as I marked at previous chart.....

Look.... you have to see the intentions of the market to go up/down...

Did you experience that - when you see the market is approaching the level, you enter like contrarian (bounce off trade) just to see that the market goes still the originally direction and not reverse at the level (and you get SL)...

Did you experienced that????

Stay put -  I will continue...

--- 帖子 #557 ---
Look again at white ellipses....

--- 帖子 #558 ---
very interesting brother !, not like to acknowledge the discomfort that you're taking .

--- 帖子 #559 ---
Totally agree. These few words say a lot, my friend!

--- 帖子 #560 ---
i will get you one hint....

Go here: http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=54528

This is the "System I" of the great trader and teacher feb2865.

There is talking about so colled "V"-formation....  Read it closely... At least first 10 pages.  I promise - you will get the hang of it!!!!!

If you then will look at my and your charts with white ellipses - you will see (I am sure!) almost the same formations.... and then you will have at least the idead what is happening at the levels.......

And.... No! I do almost not place the pending orders near the levels..... I tend to look at price and not enter the trade just because the price is near the level. I wait to see the market direction.

Like feb2865 used to say - "do not trade the market signals, trade market intentions"

Hope - it helps.

--- 帖子 #561 ---
Thank you, brother!

--- 帖子 #562 ---
... some additional words -

you have to see the candle, that start already to go in your direction (this would be the market reaction.., market intentions...)

You just have to practice it a while.... you will get the idea of it!

You already have the idea of Turning Points and Support-Resistance lines.

You know how to see them in the past.

Now - you just have to get the idea how to see the intentions of the market to go up or down (based on reactions on S-R)...

--- 帖子 #563 ---
... and - like for example - how would I enter the market...

Of course - this is just example... and - all depends on how "I fell it", but the idea is there....

--- 帖子 #564 ---
Ok, i thinkl that i am undertanding the system...

Is this example ok for you ?

Attached Image

--- 帖子 #565 ---
Also will be important that the ratio lost-profit is 1:2 o 1:3 ?

--- 帖子 #566 ---
In 4 hours this is what I see.

If this candle close bearish, under the line go short, and take profit in posibles targets.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #567 ---
Arkan!

Look at my chart. There are some blue arrows - they show you the level.

They show at first Turning Points, and - Turning Points create the level.

Do you see them????

Then - the blue boxes (2) show my entery and exit. (BTW - I took that thrade for real.)

In your chart the entery could be a little late... But... it all depends on market coditions.... I do not tell that your entery is late... I tell - it could be a little late, can you get it?  Ok?

I think - you really start get te idea!

--- 帖子 #568 ---
Whenever you trade your RR ratio should be at least - 1:1 (1risk:1reward), better is of course - 1:2 (1risk:2reward), 1:3 (1risk:3reward) is more better!

so - remember - your profit should be no less than 1:1... And - you do not have to wait and pray for the market to not get hit your SL. If you feel the trade is not good now - just exit it! No need to wait for the market to hit your SL... This way your RR would be even better

not 1:1, but 1/3:1  etc...

--- 帖子 #569 ---
Good morning friend, thank you for the explanations.

This week i´m going to start work this method.

Now I see this :

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #570 ---
Hello everyone!

here is how I see turning points for today...

Look for two white arrows.

--- 帖子 #571 ---
Hello Dim, then will be to wait for the levels 2660 - 2732 to see how reacts the price ?

--- 帖子 #572 ---
Well.... something about it...

But - you know a lot now... Do not wait for me... take your trades...

Why? - Because for today I did miss two trades already because of the other stuffs at my home....

So - if you see the trade - just shot!

--- 帖子 #573 ---
ok, i understand you ...

Now i´m long, but i don´t know waht would be the best target ...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #574 ---
Of course - the target #2 is more sweet  ....

But - you know - there are always "but" in the world...So - if you will see that the market will reverse, then you will use the RR as your exit guide... I mean - you know you should try to get at least 1:1 Ok? So - If the market will not reach your target #2 - then (based on the observations on real price) try to get as much as possible... at least 1:1....

--- 帖子 #575 ---
As for CURRENT MOMENT - i see it is possible to reach your target #2.

But....

--- 帖子 #576 ---
Who knows - may be it could break the high-level and go to the next high level.... then you just protect your profit by placing your SL under the recent resistance and "now" support... and - go to the next level! Then your RR could be about 1:5, 1:8

--- 帖子 #577 ---
is true, with 1:1 and I am more than happy.
It seems that goes directly to Objective 2, l move the stop to 1:1 and secure ....

--- 帖子 #578 ---
Closed + 17 pips ... Luck

--- 帖子 #579 ---
Short

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #580 ---
Closed, + 10 pips.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #581 ---
@dim4ik42,

price objective for me on EU today is 1.2610. It might not get there quickly but I'm not expecting any upward move beyond 1.2735 area. All current euro fundamentals are useless.

--- 帖子 #582 ---
is this 1:3? That's kinda high, don't u think?

--- 帖子 #583 ---
Yes, but I think that is more important minimize the losses and let your profits run. Sure throughout the day there are operations of 1:3, but I with 1:2 I´m happy.

--- 帖子 #584 ---
Ok, my friend!

Play your game.... I just cannot say you what will be the price-objective...

if the flow will go there - I will follow... If the flow will not go there - I will react accordingly...   It is all about the flow of the price for me...

--- 帖子 #585 ---
- five stars to you, my friend!

--- 帖子 #586 ---
1 million for you brother, for your help !

--- 帖子 #587 ---
Now - you see??? - You got it!!!!

What you have to do now is - find the S/R levels (turning points), follow the flow, and like you said - let the winners ride all the way, and manage your losses to keep them in minimum.

That's it!

--- 帖子 #588 ---
Good advice Dim

--- 帖子 #589 ---
Thank you, brother!

--- 帖子 #590 ---
For now  I see at least 3 good profitable trades for today... and one (fourth) still in the developing...   Choppy day??? - Profitable day!

--- 帖子 #591 ---
Brother Arkan!

Is it difficulty to trade during choppy days???

Who cares - choppy or trending day.... Just follow the flow. This is what great Feb2865 told us!!!

--- 帖子 #592 ---
this is how i see it

--- 帖子 #593 ---
My view about these levels.

--- 帖子 #594 ---
How much have you dim reason, I have only a few days with the system and I feel fantastic.

Today the market is weird or what I look like me? very slow ...

--- 帖子 #595 ---
Go long in 5 min , R:R  1:2

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #596 ---
Bravo!!!

But remember - less time frame has more noise - so be careful!

--- 帖子 #597 ---
Ok, I close in 2701, i´m very happy, thank you Dim !!

Is my best day trading in more time !

--- 帖子 #598 ---
But - is your reward at least as much as your risk was in this trade???

I mean - did you get your 1:1 RR?

--- 帖子 #599 ---
Yes i get 8 pips and my stop was 6 pips.

--- 帖子 #600 ---
Friends, interesting moment for go short ?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

personally i´ll open a short trade if this candle close bearish, RR now is 1:1.5

--- 帖子 #601 ---
Well... try it if it would work! We cannot know before if the trade will be loosing or profitable.... We have no choice but to try it every time when set-up comes...

--- 帖子 #602 ---
too late ...

--- 帖子 #603 ---
nice opportunity for long

--- 帖子 #604 ---
Well - this opportunity failed...   Let's wait for another chance!

what I see now is this:

--- 帖子 #605 ---
hi dim, are thinking in short ?

--- 帖子 #606 ---
Well.... I am short now... will see what it will give to me - profit or loss...

--- 帖子 #607 ---
My short got loss.... Wait for next opportunity...

--- 帖子 #608 ---
sorry, bad luck ...

The problem that I see is how to know waht is the correct target ...

In the next picture, i´m going long, but i see 3 possible obstacles before the final objective...

The white lines.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #609 ---
As you can see - I took the same trade long too....

Regarding targets - I place almost the same as you.... but - i will look at the developing of the trade... May be I will move SL close to BE if price would go closer to the target... May be I will take profit earlier than the target if i see price reversal.... I would try to get out of this trade at least 1:1... or BE, or almost BE... I am not sure in this phase of the trade.... But - I have several  scenarious in my head....

--- 帖子 #610 ---
Dim , I wanted to comented you one thing. If in less time frame has more noise, why don´t use 4 hours ? I know that is more slow, but you can use 4 o 5 pars.

--- 帖子 #611 ---
if you remeber - trading is flexible.... My choise is 15 min TF.... I cannot wait too long to find my trades in 4 hr TF  sometimes I do confirm my levels at 30 min TF. This is my choice. You can look at 4 hr TF... This would be your choice.... Trading is F L E X I B L E  my friend.... You do choice what do you like!

--- 帖子 #612 ---
Levels - how I see them now. I could be wrong... remember it

--- 帖子 #613 ---
my long trade

--- 帖子 #614 ---
Brothers and Sisters!

I want to share with you some pdf-book... I made it from posts of feb2865... Here are all the posts from System III thread, and - some additional advices from feb2865 which I did find on different forums in the internet....

I found those additional advices more than just useful for me. Hope - it would be useful for you too!!!

--- 帖子 #615 ---
I still have this long position.... it was near my SL already.... but.. I took a chance and not closed it.... now - it looks more better

My target is around 2653

--- 帖子 #616 ---
Goog morning Dim, I wiss you luck with the trade, it seems good !

Thank you for the pdf.

--- 帖子 #617 ---
Ok! I did close my trade with the 1:1,3 RR

At least - in profit

--- 帖子 #618 ---
From time to time I like to re-look at my chart in zoom out mode....

Look how amazingly the market confirms levels many times... over and over..

again and again...

--- 帖子 #619 ---
Brother Dim,

Thanks for PDF.  I'll have a read later as I always value Feb's teachings.

You're doing well keeping this thread going.  I am not participating here as you know I trade differently but still I like to watch you guys in action here! You're doing a great job from what I can see.

Regards,

Bak

--- 帖子 #620 ---
Thank you for your warm words, brother Bak!!!!!

I am glad that you find that pdf-file useful for yourself...!!!

Come to us anytime! You are welcome!!!!

--- 帖子 #621 ---
levels update

--- 帖子 #622 ---
What I want you to remember everytime when you trade this style is:

YOU TRADE SUPPLY AND DEMAND !!!

This is the core of every market in the world!!!

Of course - you still would have loosing trade, but - in the long ride - you will be ahead!!!!!!!

--- 帖子 #623 ---
i no this is not part of the way we trade in this post,but just wanted to show my chart with a channel line just to point out what can happen when we get a break of the channel just somthing to watch out for when its in a trend

--- 帖子 #624 ---
levels

--- 帖子 #625 ---
Hello everyone!

Today's level (supply-demand areas) based on 15 min chart.

--- 帖子 #626 ---
Nice view!

It is good to observe the charts

--- 帖子 #627 ---
My current trade... I do not know the outcome... i just took a chance

... so - do not laugh at me later

--- 帖子 #628 ---
I did scale out 1/2 of my position....

--- 帖子 #629 ---
Good morinig people, good mornig dim,

Go long ! RR  1:1

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #630 ---
ohh -10 pips.

--- 帖子 #631 ---
Short

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #632 ---
the other half of the trade hit TP order! great!

--- 帖子 #633 ---
Target +12 pips.

--- 帖子 #634 ---
what I am looking at now is - ...

--- 帖子 #635 ---
Short again

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #636 ---
I close manually  +11 pips.

--- 帖子 #637 ---
Go long

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #638 ---
out -11 pips

--- 帖子 #639 ---
short

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #640 ---
Congrats with your short!

--- 帖子 #641 ---
Target +13 pips ( here i enter with 1/3 more of my last position ).

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #642 ---
Thanks Dim !

--- 帖子 #643 ---
Go long, RR 1:1

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #644 ---
out - 15 pips

--- 帖子 #645 ---
Again long, RR  1:1.5

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Out -15 pips ....

--- 帖子 #646 ---
I am long from 2616 - possible target 2657.

Will see...

--- 帖子 #647 ---
Manual exit with 1: 1.5  RR.... Ok.... Let's wait next bus.

--- 帖子 #648 ---
As you everybody can see now - the market respect fully  the levels which were esteblished since Monday and Tuesday.

These levels are supply-demand areas. The core of the market.

--- 帖子 #649 ---
What I wanted to say by this statement - look for clear cut levels (areas) and do not try to trade every possible level.... There could be a lot of minor levels between the main big areas.... That areas - are more likely for your trading... They have more impact on the price, because there are more market orders there...

--- 帖子 #650 ---
Hi Dim/traders...

My first post on this thread. I am trying something new in my trading, which is support/resistance trading, as Feb put forth in this thread.

Rather than place a limit/buy order at support, and hoping that price makes a U-turn and heads back up, I thought it would be nice to have a confirmation of price reversal.

So I marked up support/resistance on 30M chart (for EU), and then went to 1M chart and waited for price to come down to support.

Then I waited for a 123 reversal pattern to confirm that price would indeed turn around at support. I think this may be in line with some of Feb's earlier teaching in his other threads.

Anyways, it worked out nicely.

I posted two charts to show this particular trade. First chart is 30M where I marked S/R areas, and second chart is 1M where I confirmed price reversal and took trade from.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

You think this is a good method to use for price confirmation at support/resistance areas? Any feedback would be welcome. This seems like a great thread, and thanks Dim for carrying on Feb's stuff.

Regards,

Wally

--- 帖子 #651 ---
Having market confirmation is a good thing and very important. It puts you in sync with what is actually happening instead of what could happen in theory.

--- 帖子 #652 ---
Hello friends,a  trade for today

Short   RR   1:3

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

OUT !!!

--- 帖子 #653 ---
Well - think about this... if you you would wait for additional confirmation - then you will miss the bus more often then not...

--- 帖子 #654 ---
30min zoomed out chart

--- 帖子 #655 ---
Hello!

My first trade for today.

there is no target ordert - but I look at 2694-2684 area for my target... You know - if it would go further down I will not close my trade.... lol..... Ah! Dreams-dreams!!!!    lol..

--- 帖子 #656 ---
ok... close the trade with some money...

--- 帖子 #657 ---
Good morning!

The levels how I see them for now....

--- 帖子 #658 ---
short ah ....its always good to use historic resistance ......i am currently using a system which is very very similar to what ur using.

--- 帖子 #659 ---
look how amazingly the price action repeats itself!!!

The levels are actual everytime when price comes to them...

--- 帖子 #660 ---
This is my first day here, and my first posting in the entire forex factory forum.  Its an honour and pleasure to read FEB's thread(system 111).

I have been a trader for a while now and its a great pleasure to be with you all.

Ikeo

--- 帖子 #661 ---
Levels are respected all the time. That's the original thinking of technical analysis.

Peace

--- 帖子 #662 ---
Excellent!

Nice words my friend. You get the idea!!!

--- 帖子 #663 ---
Hey there, I hope you guys are ready to rumble.

And aha;I'm not a junior member of any trading forum.  Definitely not this one.  You must be seriously joking to tag me a junior member.  I think in the end; I would have contributed more vital ideas to this forum than the so called senior members.  As much as it's a pleasure to be in FEB's threading forum; it is also a plus for you guys to have me here because I had scanned forex factory forums for years, and yet made no posts to none of them but this one because I respect FEB.  I'm not a newbie u know.

Time shall tell.

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #664 ---
Brother!!!

I can't get you.... What do you want to say us???

You know - not me, not some traders of this thread cannot tag you "junior member" or "senior member"...  This nameboards gives us the administration of this site (FF)... So - you can just talk here with us if you do want, you can just not to talk with us if you do not want...

Every trader here is respected trader. We just discuss here our ideas.... I just want to keep the thread in feb's easy way. That's it.

So - welcome!!!

--- 帖子 #665 ---
I think you need to get over yourself.

--- 帖子 #666 ---
God save us from wanna be Gurus.

--- 帖子 #667 ---
Re-focus on your learning now(bogus & tahiti) because ur problem is not 'wanna be gurus' or who is 'full of himself', your problem is forex.  The earlier u start focussing on ur forex learning the better for you.

I believe this thread is set up by the respectable FEB to help u to trade profitably, not for crossfire of personal attacks.  I won't sink that low.

I am a proffessional trader; I don't trade part-time.  I had seen few threads in this forex factory and decided that FEB is one of the few traders that talk sense in terms of proffessional trading, and that is why I decided to contribute through this forum.

Enough is enough.  Focus your attention on your learning.

Thank you.

--- 帖子 #668 ---
My friend, Ikeo!

Honestly - I do not understand why do you talk all this... ???

Did someone hurt you, my brother??

If you say that you like this thread - just contribute a little here... Why not???

Ok.... just enough....   Please... enough.... !!!

We all here are talking humble and with respect to each other...

Of course - I can be not so good trader, but - if I know something - I talk this to other people.... I do not need money for my help, because I can earn it with my trading. I just like the way as Feb does it... Feb helps to other people. I do like to help too.....

So - ... I think - you get me.

Thank you!

--- 帖子 #669 ---
Goooood morning, Trading day !!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #670 ---
Buy

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #671 ---
Target reached

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #672 ---
Short

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #673 ---
Target reached

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #674 ---
waiting ...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #675 ---
long

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #676 ---
close manually because reach a area.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #677 ---
good mornig,

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #678 ---
buy

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #679 ---
close manually - 4 pips ...

--- 帖子 #680 ---
buy

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #681 ---
target + 9 pips

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #682 ---
Good morning, Arkan!

Thank you for keeping this thread alive!

In order to help you and other people I will post here my current trade.

--- 帖子 #683 ---
good morning Dim !!

thank you for helping me at the time.

is a pleasure for me to contribute my grain of sand

Greetings!

--- 帖子 #684 ---
Target reached. I got my profit. Closed my trade @ 2879.

--- 帖子 #685 ---
hi dim,

thanks for your work as of late...

would you consider trading today based on us holiday or you will keep on pluging?

thanks..

--- 帖子 #686 ---
sometime its good to look at the 4hour chart look at the level i would'nt want to buy at that level

--- 帖子 #687 ---
it could be just me... but i find it that its always level at any point at some point and time...

can you help or someone else...

thank you.

--- 帖子 #688 ---
sell

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #689 ---
close manually - 1 pip

--- 帖子 #690 ---
I see this in 4 h

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #691 ---
The US bank holiday today is making me reluctant to enter market.

--- 帖子 #692 ---
Brothers...

You know - I do not trade today afternoon too...

I had one good trade today's morning... and - I did not take any trade later... even not because of the US bank holiday... but rather - I do not see valid entery for me now...

Look at the chart... there is yellow level there, which I wait for. I feel that level is a strong one.

--- 帖子 #693 ---
Good morning, traders-family!

My current trade.

--- 帖子 #694 ---
Beatiful

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #695 ---
Good morning friends!

Today i want to do a test. I only want to do one trade, but i want that trade is of more 20 pips. For to do that, i´ll wait that the price break one of the levels that you see in the picture.

this is that i see ....

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #696 ---
Good to see you guys keep this alive.

And good to see you around, Dim. How is life? How is trading? I am back from holidays today, back in business.

What´s your rationale for that trade? Touchy trade in a former support, I guess? Where is your TP?

--- 帖子 #697 ---
Morning, Arkan!

Congrats with your 4hr-tf-trade!!!

I do appreciate your willing to do this test. That is right path of thinking...

But - you have to remember - you have to be flexible when you trade. What I mean is - if your target is around 20 or more pips, and you are in trade, but you see that the price is obviously turning - I think you have  to bank your profit, or at lest to scale out. There will be times when you will get all your profit (reaching your target), bur there also will be times when you would need to implement common sense and not to finish your trade with loss... At least BE result. Ok?

there is not hard rules, hard systems etc.... Everywhere you have to have common sense! You have your blue print, you follow it, but you follow the price as well!

Good trading!

--- 帖子 #698 ---
Good day, my brother Elizo!!!

Thank you - my life is Ok!

My rationale is quite simple - thhis area is turning area for the price. So - isee htere is a good support level. When the price come really close to the support area - I did start to observe it for possible change in heart-beating of price.

Of course - I just take a chance when I take the trade, but as fast as I did feel (in my opinion of course) the changing in the "heart-beating" - I took the trade. That's it.

How are you, my friend??? Hope you are ok! Did not see you long time...

Good trading to you, brother!

P.S. - I would like to see my target around 2845 level.

--- 帖子 #699 ---
Hi Dim, thankyou  very much.

You are right, if the market gives turn signal operation must lock.

greetings !

--- 帖子 #700 ---
I took a loss...

I did not take any short trade for now..... I do not trade straight breakouts almost no more.  I feel me so tired after a more than a year of trading straight breakouts....

--- 帖子 #701 ---
worth a punt ? 4hr eu

--- 帖子 #702 ---
buy

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #703 ---
close manually +4 pips.

I haven´t seen the point where the price turn.

--- 帖子 #704 ---
this is I see in 4H. I´ve a sell limit order.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #705 ---
sometimes i like to look at the 4 hour charts to look at levels but i trade from 30min charts to enter

--- 帖子 #706 ---
yes, 4h i like very much. Is very slow, but with a litle patience we can win very pips.

Regards.

--- 帖子 #707 ---
Buy

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #708 ---
Out in BE ...

--- 帖子 #709 ---
buy again

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #710 ---
target  + 8 pips

--- 帖子 #711 ---
long

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #712 ---
target + 8 pips

--- 帖子 #713 ---
buy again

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

take profit 1.27670

--- 帖子 #714 ---
closed in 640, + 8 pips.

--- 帖子 #715 ---
good mornig friends

Short

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #716 ---
loss  -8 pips

--- 帖子 #717 ---
Sell

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #718 ---
close manually  - 2 pips

go long

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #719 ---
close manually +7 pips.

--- 帖子 #720 ---
in 15m, sell

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #721 ---
new sell, move the trade 1 to BE

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #722 ---
close manually  t1 =+9 pips

t2 =+2 pips

--- 帖子 #723 ---
go long

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #724 ---
target + 6 pips

--- 帖子 #725 ---
friends , BUY

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #726 ---
loss   -5 pips

--- 帖子 #727 ---
Nice to see, my friend!!!

You are doing great sa I can see....

Great!

Good trading! Take care!!

--- 帖子 #728 ---
Good evening!

Levels for this time...

--- 帖子 #729 ---
Morning, traders!

I would like to go long off the yellow level, after the market will show its hands.

--- 帖子 #730 ---
good morning Dim !

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #731 ---
Buy in 1.26840

--- 帖子 #732 ---
out, -6 pips

--- 帖子 #733 ---
New order limit

--- 帖子 #734 ---
in again buy   target 813

--- 帖子 #735 ---
Target + 14 pips

more important RR !!!

--- 帖子 #736 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #737 ---
Buy in 26833, target 27000

--- 帖子 #738 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #739 ---
Target :   t1= +16   t2= +20

--- 帖子 #740 ---
My current long trade...

--- 帖子 #741 ---
crack !

--- 帖子 #742 ---
In 30 min i´m long

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #743 ---
closed manually , don´t like   - 3 pips

--- 帖子 #744 ---
ohhhh what a shame to abandon the operation

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #745 ---
Nice, easy, simple, and... boring profit!     Target 1,2725 reached.

--- 帖子 #746 ---
Buy again

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #747 ---
move the stop loose to BE.

--- 帖子 #748 ---
and OUT  +- 0 pips.

--- 帖子 #749 ---
this is what i see

--- 帖子 #750 ---
Good evening!

My seeing of the levels.

--- 帖子 #751 ---
Hello , in 30 min i see this.

Tomorrow more!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #752 ---
Hey guys I just found this thread.  I was a Feb fan last year when I participated in the System 2 thread.  I am not sure why but I got into other methods & techniques.  So today trading was really slow on ES so I went to check up on System 2 and that's how I found this thread which I read non-stop.  I love the simplicity.  So I thought I'd try simming it.  Call it beginner's luck but I had a great day.

I used a Euro 4hr chart because I don't want this to interfere with my ES trading.  I saw that price had bounced off a s/r level and so I went short at 1.2738.  I trailed my stops and finally let my stop get hit on the last one because I didn't want to hold overnight.

So far I like it.  I'm going to sim it for another week and see how it goes.  I also took two System 2 trades that were profitable.

Here's the euro chart:

http://content.screencast.com/users/...09-09_2148.png

and my trades (I'm trading Euro futures):

http://content.screencast.com/users/...09-09_2152.png

Thanks everyone for sharing and let's keep it going.

--- 帖子 #753 ---
Welcome on board, unfortunately you came in when Feb had retired, Feb's no longer posting in this forum.

Enjoy the simplicity and we'll welcome your impute.

Precap2

--- 帖子 #754 ---
Good morning friends,

Sell

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #755 ---
out -12 pips

--- 帖子 #756 ---
Good morning, brothers!

My current long trade...

possible target - 1,2750

--- 帖子 #757 ---
Good call, but watch for a close above 1.2695 area before you continue to hold. If you don't obtain that close, you might need to close out with minimal loss.

Good luck

--- 帖子 #758 ---
in 5 min SELL

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #759 ---
modify TP at 1.27171

--- 帖子 #760 ---
close in BE

--- 帖子 #761 ---
Sell again

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #762 ---
out   -15 pips.

--- 帖子 #763 ---
sell again

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #764 ---
out - 15 pips

--- 帖子 #765 ---
sell again !!!!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #766 ---
closed manually + 15 pips

--- 帖子 #767 ---
sell in 15 min

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #768 ---
move tp at 1.27025

--- 帖子 #769 ---
close my trade at 2736...  Mission accomplished.

--- 帖子 #770 ---
two nice trades today what a simple why of trading feb has shown us

--- 帖子 #771 ---
two nice simple trades

--- 帖子 #772 ---
good morning friends

Buy in 30 min

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #773 ---
closed manually with +3 pips. for 0.8 pip don´t reach the objetive ....

--- 帖子 #774 ---
Good morning, Arkan!

Here is my current trade.

--- 帖子 #775 ---
New levels for now here...

Good trading to everyone!!!

--- 帖子 #776 ---
i like how the levels work on the 4 hour charts its gives you nice targets to aim for

--- 帖子 #777 ---
Yep! Nice view!

Than higher TF is than less noise is there...

--- 帖子 #778 ---
could take 60pips from this trade just wait for the levels to reach and see what happens

--- 帖子 #779 ---
just sticking to the plan

--- 帖子 #780 ---
possible buy with target

--- 帖子 #781 ---
chart

--- 帖子 #782 ---
nice trade using the levels

--- 帖子 #783 ---
Morning brothers!!!

My last long trade. I did sleep and the market was working...   lol

The trade was closed by TP order.

Nice simple trade.....

see the chart...

--- 帖子 #784 ---
nice !  around 90 pips ! the breakout is very very prominent in the chart ! Good move !

--- 帖子 #785 ---
..but how do we know you really did buy and sell at the prices you marked on the chart?

how do we know you haven't made this up?

forgive me for being cynical.. in world full of BS artists

--- 帖子 #786 ---
Tahiti,

I do understand your scepticism and I don't blame you because I share your views on the world being full of BS artists.  However, I know Dim well from my personal communication with him and he is a genuinely nice guy, always polite and a gentleman who is willing to help others for no personal gain.

Bak

--- 帖子 #787 ---
I would just like to say that as a friend of dims he has done nothing but good for this thread,what i would say to you is just learn from the charts that you see and do not worry about " how do we know you really did buy and sell at the prices you marked on the chart?"

keep up the good work dim.

--- 帖子 #788 ---
Besides that why would he take the time to figure out a system, try to be as transparant as possible, but won't use it for himselfs?

Keep up the good work!

--- 帖子 #789 ---
My dear friend...

Well....  why do you try to analyze my trading, is it true or not???

I bet - you can trade for your own  by taking the material from this thread, and doing this working for you....   Do you agree???

I have a loss trades of course... Well - some of my trades which I posted here in this thread was loss trades...

I just do not post here consistently. I do it from time to time just in order to keep this great thread alive.

You can trust me or not. this is not my problem honestly.

Just go to first pages, read them carefully, and trade... Nice and simple.

Good luck!

--- 帖子 #790 ---
THANK YOU SO MUCH, BROTHER, BAK FOR SUPPORT!

--- 帖子 #791 ---
THANK YOU for support, Brother!

--- 帖子 #792 ---
Exactly!

--- 帖子 #793 ---
Good day!

My current short trade.

--- 帖子 #794 ---
Took a loss....   no worries!

--- 帖子 #795 ---
Here is how I see levels for today.... Will see how they will work...

--- 帖子 #796 ---
Hello dim.

Nice to see you still trading levels.

I have spotted a new tendency specifically on E/U concerning about round numbers - 00 and 50 specifically. Keep an eye on that. As you guys know I am not a fan of patronizing anything but this time the banks are playing those numbers to death(let's swim with the sharks) . Apart for this numbers, please continue to trade levels as I stated on my first post(s). I am going to post here more often, possibly trades and whatnot.

To all my friends, students and colleagues - I am asking for prayers and good wishes. Health-wise things are improving but things here at home are rapidly and painfully decaying. I have to make a painful desciion into leave home and going back to a lonely life but still I have faith things could improve between me and my partner. I know this touch a sensitive and personal matter but I feel here like appreciated and I know many of you guys keep tracking on my health and everything.

--- 帖子 #797 ---
hello feb,

good to see you back you have helped so many people with your teachings i will pray for you.

--- 帖子 #798 ---
thanks..

--- 帖子 #799 ---
Oh! Feb! NICE TO SEE YOU BACK, MY BROTHER!!!!!!!

Yes, I still trade levels... Why not? It is working good for me

Thank you for the constantly helping us (regarding new information about round numbers)!!!!!!

So sorry to hear - you have problems at home.... I know what it is by my own problems at home too, which are coming from time to time.... between me and my wife... In such situations I try to find balance between still to be a MAN from one side (not to become marionette), and to be a gentle with my woman from other side... not to be too rude... sometimes - I achieve this ... lol...

But....  like you always like to say - why always there is a "but" there...

You can be sure - you have all my possible praying and good-wishes!!!!

God bless you, brother!

--- 帖子 #800 ---
I pray for you, I wish you a long and happy life... Thanking you from bottom of my heart.....

--- 帖子 #801 ---
I am short now from that red bar...

here is the chart of my trade.

--- 帖子 #802 ---
I close my trade with 1:1 RR, because I want to sleep now.. lol (I have a night here already) ...

tomorrow will be more trades! will see brothers!

Good night!

--- 帖子 #803 ---
it's really a pleasure to read you again in FF.

All my best wishes for your health and your personal life which I'm sure will get better soon.

Thanks again for what you've done and you're still doing here.

--- 帖子 #804 ---
Here is how I see levels today.

Good trades to everyone!

--- 帖子 #805 ---
My current short trade.

Possible target - around opposite level - around 1.3364

SL order is jast in case of sudden volatility against my position. I will try to bail out earlier than my SL order if I will see the market is going against me.

--- 帖子 #806 ---
What about pivots? It seems EURUSD follows it.

--- 帖子 #807 ---
I bail out this short. My SL was at 3436, I bail out at 3427 becaause of the high speed to up site.

--- 帖子 #808 ---
another short trade...  another opportunity-taking...

--- 帖子 #809 ---
B/E trade this time.....

--- 帖子 #810 ---
Great trade, looks like EU is exhausted up there

--- 帖子 #811 ---
Could not wait for me to take pics before it took off.

--- 帖子 #812 ---
Sounds like a lemming - "oh no!"

--- 帖子 #813 ---
Nice shot, brother!

--- 帖子 #814 ---
Let's see how it goes. It's obviously counter and my SL will quickly be moved to BE once I see 15 pips.

--- 帖子 #815 ---
Caught this southward bus, let's see how it plays out

--- 帖子 #816 ---
trades for today just watched the levels

--- 帖子 #817 ---
Very nice situation!

yesterday I was a little busy with some sort of home stuff and missed totally all these good possibilities....

--- 帖子 #818 ---
It is very nice to see your post. We miss you all the time and we pray for your best health and happiness in life always.

God bless you... you are great and very kind man.

--- 帖子 #819 ---
Nice post 786, couldn't agree more.

--- 帖子 #820 ---
Morning, traders!

Here are the levels how I see them.

--- 帖子 #821 ---
I am long...

--- 帖子 #822 ---
well... I close my profit...  about 1.3% profit to my account  this week for now.....

--- 帖子 #823 ---
Now - short... because - the key is in keeping the ball rolling.

Possible target - around 1.3670

--- 帖子 #824 ---
I bail out this trade because of strong volatility to up side...

my loss is only about 60% of what I was willing to loose in this trade.

I could say - I cut the loss short... lol

--- 帖子 #825 ---
Good idea to cut it short, it helps all the time. Will look for short there and post it. meanwhile GJ is affording me of a gracious short. You can look. we might ride this to 130.50 or 129.20 if things go as i see it

--- 帖子 #826 ---
Good morning!

How I see levels today.

--- 帖子 #827 ---
I want to thank you Dim for keeping the thread going.  I'm lurking but it's because I'm studying your trades & comparing levels while I sim this to get used to it.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #828 ---
new price discover @1.3700area. Meaning - the market is testing new highs. I am looking to see if the market gets to 1.3750 area to go short.

--- 帖子 #829 ---
another play could be 1.3700 long - I am playing 50 and 00 levels but I still put a mark on areas of exhaustion. I prefer 50 and 00 level as I can get away with tight stops (10-15 pips) of course when possible.

--- 帖子 #830 ---
I have a marker on 1.3730 area - the market lost some steam there...

--- 帖子 #831 ---
If the market test 1.3730 area again - that's a good short with a tight stop. Its a risky trade so will be advisable to use a lower load/ Shoot for 1.3700 for quick pips....

--- 帖子 #832 ---
bulls are pushing but not enough

--- 帖子 #833 ---
the battle is @1.3733. Looking to short@1.3724

--- 帖子 #834 ---
bracket trade - buy@36

--- 帖子 #835 ---
long 36 looking for 47 - quick pips. Still looking to short 50 area.

--- 帖子 #836 ---
order filled @45 long liquidated - short now @45

--- 帖子 #837 ---
stop filled@ 1.3760= stopped out 1 winner 1 loser

Pu this on your record... I LOST A TRADE LOL

--- 帖子 #838 ---
This is zooming past 50 level !!

Hi Feb, how are you doing?

Regards,

TS

--- 帖子 #839 ---
short @55 stop @70 now trailed to 65

--- 帖子 #840 ---
looking for 1.3735 - still short with medium load

--- 帖子 #841 ---
45 holding - not good for my target of 35

--- 帖子 #842 ---
42 now that looks promising

--- 帖子 #843 ---
I closed the order @36....

so far a good catch this London session - 2 winners 1 losers...

I am gonna wait after ISM announcement to play that baby...

If anybody care to join be welcome!!!

--- 帖子 #844 ---
sure.

Do you post on other threads nowadays?

--- 帖子 #845 ---
Hey Tradestar..

I don't post lately period. But normally I post on this thread. Not really interested in others. No offense intended.

--- 帖子 #846 ---
Hi feb just like to say a big thanks to you .This is a whole new ballgame to me now.

Anyway thanks again.

--- 帖子 #847 ---
Hello, Mr FEB!!!!!

I am so glad to see you again!!!!

You inspire me VERY MUCH every time when you are coming here!!!!!

Here is my current short trade.

--- 帖子 #848 ---
no problem -

1.3730 area played support beautifully - I didn't trade. Just wanted to mention it. Good for 20 quick pips.

--- 帖子 #849 ---
Hey Dim!!!

Just wanted to post my trades here - glad I am back!!

You have a beautiful trade here - care to say what are you're looking for as target??

--- 帖子 #850 ---
1.3750 has proven to be a holding area(short)

What is keeping me away from a trade is the 10:00 AM  ISM announcement.

Besides I had a good London session so no need to risk more for now.

--- 帖子 #851 ---
For possible target I look at  3695 area...

And Brother Feb... reading what you have write at your previous posts today I understand - I have still so much to learn.... OH! How much I have still to learn!!!!!!!

Thank You for your help!!!!!

YOU ARE THE MAN!

--- 帖子 #852 ---
Brother - do you really like my short trade??? If  - Yes - then I am happy, because this means - I am on the right path!

You did show us a true art of trading! Thank you so much!

One question here, if you don't mind - all of your trades from the earlier today's posts - do they are based just on Sup/Res (mini) levels, and price flow??? Why I do ask - they were so fast

Thank you!

--- 帖子 #853 ---
Oh I am so sorry - I am trading off 1 min charts. Just for a quicker entry - still I am looking for long shots when possible.

--- 帖子 #854 ---
Aha!!!!!!   I knew it!

No need to sorry, brother! It was very interesting. For me it is interesting everything that is about trading pure price action! And - what you are writing is always GOLD WISDOM!!!!! I so like it... Please - do not stop.... post everything you would want... I (and all people here) will read with great interest!

--- 帖子 #855 ---
It's a matter of preference. Just trade whatever is comfortable for you brother (timeframes) I started off 30 min but then I chose to get down to 1 min charts to get a quicker entry.

--- 帖子 #856 ---
Thank you for answer, brother!

... if I right get the idea (after researching 1min TF) - the technique is similar to the "system III", only not at 30 min, but at 1min TF...

... Sorry, but now I have to leave my house for  some hours - so will see you later.

Take care, and - good trade!

--- 帖子 #857 ---
FEB is back. How are you now Captain?  The BIGGEST Cowboy  Bless ya sir. Been praying that one day you'll visit us again after you said you were taking time off some months ago. We decided to stick with your wisdom here anyway. Thanks for checking on us.

Peace

--- 帖子 #858 ---
Thanks Man!!

I am doing alright. Things at home are improving..slowly but we're getting there. Yes I'll be around posting and stuff. I am getting my game back. I will be calling out some trades (winners or losers ) and things will be before the actual trade develops. That way the naysayers won't have a chance of saying I am just trading hindsight. Of course there will be times where I simply have to get on the bus ala quick yo know...

I was looking to get my balance in trading. I wanted to stop scalping (hyper scalping) once for all. Yes it profitable but in my state of health I don't need that kind of stress. I think I found it.

Right now I am waiting for ISM @10.....I will probably put a trade at the other side of the news...not IN the news but after the smoke clears and the market goes the other way around...let's see what happens.

--- 帖子 #859 ---
Good to hear you're doing great and would be around. As for the naysayers I don't think they're worth any stress on your nerve or anyone else's for that matter.

As for saying you don't want to scalp again . It runs in the blood Feb, you might read this

I also use lower TF for entry now, usually M5 rather than my standard M30 and H1 which I used in time past.

Have a good game here again.

--- 帖子 #860 ---
i am so glad your seeing you back and beeing healthy posting again.

i  shure will follow your posts with very interest.

So far i had 3 longs closed with TP 3700 and 1 long closed TP 3747.

Same story as you say 00 and 50 in EURUSD are  good marks to watch.

now i have idee if long or short, maybee  i close and go for weekend.

have a good time, Feb and all the others on this thread

--- 帖子 #861 ---
I miss the bus @26 long. Then I went long at the breakout of 50 - I lost that one. Then I went short at 65 all the way to 55 - I got that one. So far the day is ok - pulling my hair on missing the bus. Next time I have to turn my phone off for sure LOL!!!

--- 帖子 #862 ---
Same here Feb. I just missed that 26 entry. Almost 50 pips!!

I have taken this; will see.

Thanks

TradeStar

--- 帖子 #863 ---
Nice setup tradestar!

a word of caution to everyone following this thread: Normally is better to place a stop-limit order. But if the market is moving fast, don't hesitate and go  place a market order - don't miss the bus.

--- 帖子 #864 ---
Welcome home Feb!

I remembered you said pivot point is another tool where many traders are looking at apart from the naked chart.

I did not backtest, forwardtest nor sidetest but real test with live account for 4 months plus.

The result is good with money management.

I read it from one of the forum here and he said: price open above pivot, buy and target at R1.

Open below sell and target at S1

But I place a long small order at S1, another small order at S2, and double order at S3,S4 and S5.

Same as R1,R2,R3,R4,R5

The pivot plus naked chart give me a guide as to where the price might be landed.

and I practice your "If and Then" method.

--- 帖子 #865 ---
Long on EU and EJ. But note that ADX is strong and I'm always targeting between 15 and 25 when I see ADX like that. GL to all

--- 帖子 #866 ---
Personally I didn't like price action this morning. I am waiting to see what's up after 10:00 AM announcement.

--- 帖子 #867 ---
Good to see you back in action sir. I look forward to visiting your threads

often again.

Hope all is well.

--- 帖子 #868 ---
Good day, Dear Feb!!!!!

I had one trade today.... nice ... about 1:3 Risk-Reward...

here is the cart of it... Because of the 2pips fixed spread wich i have - I tade 5 min TF for quicker entery.... I think 1 min would be too fast for me....

Anyway - I do not try to just copy you... I did want to try today's morning just to find for myself some way for quicker entery, because I do not like to backtest too.... I like to grasp concept, and try to implement it in real trading, but with low load..... after this, if I feel it better - I start to trade more load (more than just "learning" load   lol... )

... your comments are more than welcome!!!

--- 帖子 #869 ---
Nice trade!!

I trade lower time frames just for the entry - I've been very slow today I could play the 80 area long but I guess is my health. I got chemo on Thursday and is hitting me hard today. 3720 his holding resistance pretty good...

--- 帖子 #870 ---
Thank you for clarification!

Oh, brother!!!! I am so sorry to hear this... I wish you to win your health's problems...

... you know - some time ago I had some issues with my health too... Nobody could help me in this...  but one day I did find the books about Milton Ericson, and his works. You know - after reading this material, and some additional books - I start to help me by my own. After believing in myself and in my inner power - I did start to improve myself (true words here) step by step... These days - I almost win in this battle....

I wish you, my friend, my brother, to win your battle! I am sure - you can do it!!!!!

--- 帖子 #871 ---
I am looking at this area of previous exhausting....

--- 帖子 #872 ---
... long now.

--- 帖子 #873 ---
I did end it with BE result.

--- 帖子 #874 ---
My new short trade like a bouce off 3700 level.

will see how it will develop...

--- 帖子 #875 ---
1:1 RR... the target is reached.

--- 帖子 #876 ---
Hi all

I play more on 30M. But 4h also giving clear view.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

P.s

Feb thanks for effort sharing your knowlegde.

--- 帖子 #877 ---
Yeah! As more TF is - as more clear the picture is... the lower TF is - more noise we have there...

--- 帖子 #878 ---
Hi Feb,

I just dropped a pm to you.

Thanks

TradeStar

--- 帖子 #879 ---
Thanks Tradestar...

I went long @80 about 3 hours ago Looking for 3700 - trade was good for around 15 pips....market range is tight.

--- 帖子 #880 ---
Hi Feb and others,

Read through the entire thread today. To me, this is the way trading needs to be. I am much more of a scalper, but since this thread was started with Feb using more of a 30 minute chart, I thought I would find a trade of my own using the M30 with some S/R lines. Someone else had mentioned using pivot points as well.

Since Feb had just mentioned the 50 and 00 levels, I thought it was very interesting the weekly pivot was at 3648. So to me, that was an ideal place to watch for a trade setup. Sure enough, you can see how price worked it's way to that level, as well as my support line. I entered the trade long at 3650 with a target of 3700. The white circle shows an area or cluster of price action with candle open or close that I felt would make an ideal target for my long. As you can see, that target was accomplished.

Feb, I have used a style very similar to this to trade shorter time frame charts for quite some time. This thread is a brillant addition to Forex Factory. I am so thankful that a trader of your caliber posts here and that you have helped so many traders learn a way to approach trading that is easy to visualize and put into practice. Not to merntion the fact that your posts have been inspiring to me.

Coach

--- 帖子 #881 ---
Dear Feb,

Have read all your threads and feel I have finally found what I was looking for especially System 11. Never had so many winning trades without stress in three years of trading. Love your system and your style of teaching.

I know you have health problems and send you positive thoughts. I hope your threads never end, they are addictive. Have never posted ever before anywhere, but was so grateful, had to say something instead of lurking in the background. Thanks again from Australia

--- 帖子 #882 ---
Hi, Just completed another trade 40 pips. Have had two small losses last week not analysing chart and one was chasing a trade. I think I was just too excited to trade. Losses are - 5 and -6 pips and wins are now +22, +19, +35 +40, and these are just a few of winners. I like to let the good ones run especially if they have good momentum bars to start with and are off oos and 5os levels.

Thanks again

--- 帖子 #883 ---
GM Guys

Looking@3762 area for long - 3800 short. I haven not checked the announcements today so I need to see the calendar.

--- 帖子 #884 ---
Good morning, Feb!

I am so glad you are with us, brother! You inspire us so much!!!!!!!!

--- 帖子 #885 ---
Thanks brother...

ISM@ 10:00 AM . I have a resting order(long) @3765 looking for 3795.

--- 帖子 #886 ---
I am long@66 - still looking for 95...

--- 帖子 #887 ---
order filled @95...

Need some rest - I have a doc's appt. @ 1:00 PM

95 area looks good for short...

--- 帖子 #888 ---
Thank you so much for yours today's trade examples, Dear Feb!

I will re-think some times again your example to grasp the logic better. I like to think and re-think a lot ... lol...    this helps me to grasp your ideas.

Take care, brother!

--- 帖子 #889 ---
Ah! i was looking to go short off the resistance area around 3815.... I was already short... and suddenly momentum hit my SL above.... Wow! What a move.... I try to not give the market to hit my Stop-Loss orders, but this time - the market was faster....

--- 帖子 #890 ---
Sorry for my posting here 5min chart TF.... this is more like a system II trade... but.... I like to trade short term today...  May be too much coffee....lol

Not sure...

--- 帖子 #891 ---
Sorry for posting a day late but I thought I'd share two trades I did yesterday on simulator.  I'm still trying to get the hang of this.  I'm using 30min chart only, and not looking to a lower timeframe.  I'm trying to enter as close to the level as possible and I use the DOM to help time my entry.

These are from yesterday Oct 5 on 30min chart:

http://content.screencast.com/users/...10-06_1142.png

And here is a 5min chart showing my entries.  I'm not looking at this to enter really but it's visible on my screen.  Timezone is European time.  My exits were at 1x & 2x risk.  when I get more comfortable I'll try holding the 2nd to get a bigger move.

http://content.screencast.com/users/...10-06_1145.png

Thanks to everyone for posting their charts & thoughts, it's very helpful to lurkers.  I'm also simming System 2 on a 5min chart with mixed results.  So far System 3 makes more sense to me and more importantly let's me have a tighter stop so less risk.

--- 帖子 #892 ---
short@45 - cover at 05

now long @05...let's see what happens

--- 帖子 #893 ---
cover@45... a good morning so far....

save a penny for a rainy day....LOL

--- 帖子 #894 ---
As you see, I call my trades live...no matter if I win or lose....no fantasy land...

--- 帖子 #895 ---
Got whacked in today's London and NY session.

Suddenly you don't know what is happening!!!

Is it just me?

Or is it a hard day for day trade?

Regards,

TS

--- 帖子 #896 ---
Good day, brother!

I think I start understend the logic behind this trades (at least I hope so)... because for some first days I was a little "not get it" about....

Now I think I understand about time of holding the trade, about profit target, and SL-order placing... and - of course entery areas....

... of course - there is a lot to practice still, and real-work experience...

Thank You for all what you are doing for us, for your help!!!!!

--- 帖子 #897 ---
current short trade...

--- 帖子 #898 ---
Dear Feb,

With your trades "short@45 and long@05" how did you know to trade those levels from 30 min chart. I watched those levels on 5min and 30min, I went short@43 but dont know how you entered long @ 05. Is it because price bounced off 00 level? Sorry if this is a basic question, maybe levels I am looking at are wrong. Thankyou to Feb or anyone who can clarify this for me.

--- 帖子 #899 ---
Good morning, traders!

My current short trade.

possible targets - 3968, or (more sweety lol) - 3956

--- 帖子 #900 ---
Target was changed.

3968 is new TP order and - it was hit already.

Mission accopmlished like Feb use to say!

--- 帖子 #901 ---
Ah! Missed the long trade (ellipse at the chart)...

... from other side - I was looking to go long off the 3950 level....

Wait for the Master for his comments and great wisdom.

--- 帖子 #902 ---
... what I want to add to this post is - I AM ALWAYS TRADE WITH REAL MONEY!

I do not trade on demo-account..... What I am looking for in term of profit is - if I get about 1% of my account per week - I am glad.... But - I am still newbie in trading - so - I am not so sure about winning %%% per week, per month, per year... May be 1% per week is too small, and I have to look for bigger, or... may 1% per week is good.... and I have to stop chasing wild dreams...     lol...

Thank you.

--- 帖子 #903 ---
I ain't gonna be greedy today, just 60pips will do in this.

Edit: Entry done in lower TF

--- 帖子 #904 ---
looking for long

@3950

or maybe short @3980

--- 帖子 #905 ---
I'm confused.

are you trading price levels??

--- 帖子 #906 ---
short@70.....let's see if resistance holds...

--- 帖子 #907 ---
I normally give 3-5 pips leeway from the level..Sometimes market won't respect the level to the T hence I make sure I get the bounty on time at the profit level. At entry, I give that leeway so I can get on the bus on time.

I am using 1 min chart from entry. Levels at 30 minutes are wider and longer.

--- 帖子 #908 ---
The market is nuts!!!!Still 80 area is holding...let's see if I get lucky...still short....I am looking to cover @3953

--- 帖子 #909 ---
Thank you for explanation! For me it is useful too....

If I get it right - you are looking for 00 and 50 levels, look for exhasting areas during the current trading day (I am not sure - may be at 30 min chart you are looking for them), and then - for the entery you open 1min chart to see the picture as it as right now more clear.....

By the way - if you wiil have some time (I do not want to take a lot of your time) could you look at my today's trade... I did it at small TF too.... are there mistakes???

Thank you very much!

--- 帖子 #910 ---
They're basically the same levels. Just the 30 min bar tales longer to fill. I only see 1 min charts...no zooming in and out timeframes for me..

I look at 00 50 levels but I  also pay attention to any price that is giving the market some resistance/support.

Right now 3980 area is holding resistance...The market is rejecting that area so my trade should be short..is not a 00/50 area but is holding...

00/50 is just a guide. Yes  the market has become sweet to that levels but nothing is written in stone.

--- 帖子 #911 ---
stop-loss  hit.....

sitting on my hands.

--- 帖子 #912 ---
Thanks Feb,

That makes sense about 1 min charts and 00, 05s and holding levels. Thankyou for explanation, I was beginning to think you were psychic!!!!

Regards Renata

--- 帖子 #913 ---
Oh! I am so thanksfull to you brother!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Thank you!

This is what I was needing to get the whole picture!

Right now I see 3980 is becoming support...

--- 帖子 #914 ---
The  market pushed all the way up to 13997 but was quickly rejected...

I am sitting on my hands waiting for the  news...

--- 帖子 #915 ---
Just came in after a brief recess. Here is where I am now

--- 帖子 #916 ---
I'm short from the revisit of supply, double top, whatever  i'm wondering if it can slip down to this morning's demand level c3940..

Edit: -0.25% loss on this. Maybe next time

--- 帖子 #917 ---
what  are you trading??

You really got me confused...

--- 帖子 #918 ---
will somebody explain me the logic of his trading??

I am definitely lost...

Also you said not too long ago something about ADX

what this have to do with price???

I hope you're not waisting your time trading off squiggly lines...

--- 帖子 #919 ---
I got stopped again...

market broke 1400 level.....who knows? the dollar is getting hammered..

I am out of here!!!

--- 帖子 #920 ---
Hey Precap, thanks for posting your charts.  The problem is this thread is about price and support and resistance at turning points in the market, without the use of a bunch of other indicators.  I can't see what you are trading either.  Here is a link to one of Feb's charts from earlier in the thread:

http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...3&postcount=84

I have followed Feb's threads here at Forex Factory for some time.  He is a great teacher as well as a gifted trader.  I would encourage you to read this entire thread to get the essence of his teaching for this particular trading approach.

Best of trading to you!

Coach

--- 帖子 #921 ---
Sorry for not being steady today. I never mentioned ADX, or so I believe because I hardly use oscillators or momentum indy or whatever they're called. Though I play with them sometimes.

My first post you questioned was actually meant for an EJ thread, by mistake I posted it in here. The trade played out well as I expected but it wasn't supposed to be posted here.

Finally, the two charts I posted above represent my trading the concept of this thread, or my erroneous version of it. If you notice they're on M1 chart and I'm learning to play M1 with a $300 account I opened for win or lose and it's coming in well for me. If I make a mistake in my concept of this thread, do help me please. I might be believing I'm right when I'm altogether wrong.

Will be fairly steady to trade tomorrow, today had me with some domestic fix-ups.

Peace to all.

--- 帖子 #922 ---
Sidefx, this was a nice trade idea.  I think on another day it may have worked out quite well.  There was a lot of momentum to the upside today because of the interest rate announcements for the Euro and the Pound.  I am enclosing a chart showing how I approached or would approach that trade.  Since I did not call it live, I may or may not have taken the trade, lol.  I don't want to live in fantasy land, lol.

The support I was paying attention to was at the white line I drew at 1.3960.  Although your support at 3942 may have been very valid, I tend to look at the shorter term support area which was at 3960.  As I said, since there was a lot of momentum to the upside, the trade setup for me was short at 3993 with a target of +20 pips at 3973, well above the support line at 3960.  This is just my way of looking at it.

Best of trading to you!

Coach

--- 帖子 #923 ---
Hopefully you didn't miss the dollar hammering the euro!  I know, probably nothing more than some profit taking off of the test above the 1.4000 level, but it sure was fun.

Have a great day!

Coach

--- 帖子 #924 ---
Many thanks for your take on this, Coach. Really keen to pick up as much as I can from you experienced guys - i'm new and have made the decision to focus on learning price action around S/R first and foremost. Thanks again and good trading

--- 帖子 #925 ---
Just a quick trade based on S/R levels

entry - bottom of the freshly formed channel which is in line with previous resistance

exit - bounce of the daily pivot (much earlier than initial target)

--- 帖子 #926 ---
Feb & anyone else,

If you draw a resistance level and that level is broken, do you leave it on the chart in case that level acts as support?  I'm trying to minimize the number of levels on my chart and I'm not sure if I should take off the old levels.

Here's what I'm doing, I'd love to get some feedback on this.

http://content.screencast.com/users/...10-08_0842.png

--- 帖子 #927 ---
... if you gonna keep all S/R lines on the chart than very soon it stops to make any sense and will clog-up entire view of price action

--- 帖子 #928 ---
Entries for now
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #929 ---
Morning, traders!

Here is my chart, my view about today's market...

--- 帖子 #930 ---
... another short and another interesting level (1.3900'0) about to approach

trade close (limited-out on target)

... and another couple of trades ... NFP ... that's it for me today and for this week.

--- 帖子 #931 ---
Trade from yesterday on aud/usd.Price broke above july 2008 alltime high@ blue line.Price bracketed for a few hours then broke back down below the line.This morning price came back to the line and back down again.Now just waiting for price to come back and test 0.9850 or not.If it does next stop 1.0000?

--- 帖子 #932 ---
Target @3860 for both entries reached

--- 帖子 #933 ---
Hi Cunparis,

I am far from an expert on this subject.  The following charts I am posting will show how I approach a day like Friday.  These are the exact levels I was watching today.  The red lines are drawn from a 4 hour chart to give me kind of an outside range potential for price.  The blue lines are drawn based on what I considered to be stronger interday levels.  Finally, the orange line is drawn on what I considered to be a key level in the middle, also drawn from the 30 minute chart.  Although lines can be drawn at the tip of the pins to show a change in direction, I prefer to pay attention to the candle body's opening and closing areas.  You will see that on the chart charts.

This is only an example for you to study.  If you find value in the examples, that is great.  If not, that's okay too.  Sorry these were not posted earlier.  I find it difficult to focus on trading plus get charts ready to post here.

Best of trading to you!

Coach

--- 帖子 #934 ---
GM guys.

Market has been banging on 3950 resistance for quite a while now. I thought about going short looking for 3905 but I am not so sure. Too many test on 50...will sit on my hands for now...

--- 帖子 #935 ---
Good morning, Feb!

Yes... 3950 resistance is testing about 5 times for now from down side, and it looks like market does not want to go more than last support  (3923)...

May be it is due to holiday... ???

--- 帖子 #936 ---
Probably - I really don't see any push for either side...yes 23 is been holding support..

--- 帖子 #937 ---
Play 40 to look for 25-27 is not a good play in my opinion - too narrow. Still you just can opt to ignore support and protect your position once the market gets there. Still is too narrow to get cover. I will sit on my hands. If the market breaks 50 and you see a pullback against that price then a long could be a nice play ala system II.

--- 帖子 #938 ---
Another play could be go long @25 area with a tight stop looking back to 45??  well maybe...bears can still push the market further down...will do it with a light load just in case....

--- 帖子 #939 ---
Morning!

I see today two areas  - 3824 as resistance, and 3775 as support.

--- 帖子 #940 ---
I got busted on 3800 level. Still looking to play some more.

--- 帖子 #941 ---
I would consider 85  as a more recent support...

--- 帖子 #942 ---
we have FMOC @ 2:00

--- 帖子 #943 ---
looking to short @50 if the market gets there..

--- 帖子 #944 ---
short@41

--- 帖子 #945 ---
Very nice entry...what did you use to trigger @41?

--- 帖子 #946 ---
target 05 reached...rocky morning for me pretty much. Still under for a small percentage but at least happy I could recover some of the lost profit. Let's see what happens next.

--- 帖子 #947 ---
00 AND 50 were like magnets this morning...I got screwed earlier in 3800 but then it hold pretty well.....not bad but hey you lose some and win some more....

--- 帖子 #948 ---
Hello, Mr Feb!

I see your trades. Nice! 3841-3805 was great!

... I was not trading today, because.... well, because I had troubles with my wife... she was rowing almost whole day... lol....  it was just crazy day.....sometimes I wish I would have my office and would not trade from the house...

Ok! Back to trading!

--- 帖子 #949 ---
actually I wanted to short @45 but I got in late. Whenever is a 00 or 50 level I use a 5 pips space for entry and cover..

--- 帖子 #950 ---
Hey Feb, since you mention System II - I've been trying to make this work.  The method got modified a bit throughout the thread and I'm curious how you'd trade it.  With the original 21 target and trailing stop?  If I don't trail the stop I want a bigger target to get a 2:1 ratio and I find it difficult to get 40+ ticks consistently.  And now what I learn about System III makes me a bit skeptical of System II.  For example if there is resistance overhead then the chance of getting 40 ticks is really slim.  If we just bounced off support however then a System II long could work really well.  So it seems System II needs to be taken in the context of System III.

I'd love to get your thoughts on that.

--- 帖子 #951 ---
short@91 looking for 55

--- 帖子 #952 ---
I don't endorse system II anymore. I made a mistake to mix my scalping techniques with a medium-range trading. There's a post I made around Dec 2008 that I explain why I am pulling myself away from the thread. This is where the whole thread changed to the FCR craze and although I went with the flow for a little while, FCR was a complete other concept which I never fully endorsed.

--- 帖子 #953 ---
for the record I wanted to short @95 - this time Oanda charts got frozen. It was on my side I need to clean my disk more often LOL..

--- 帖子 #954 ---
Good day, Feb!

I had today nice long trade form the not major support 3948 to the not major resistance 3971...

here is the chart....

I think this is more about like you showed some time ago a system based on the levels at 5 min. chart....

--- 帖子 #955 ---
But I think the original concept (first 10-50 pages) of systen II is still good for traders.... once we have seen the initial swing of the centrifugal price moving - then we have a good chance to trade it...      Talking from experience - it was good for me.  Of course - loosing is the part of trading...  So - no worries if we would have a loss...

I have to thank you exactly, because the System II was for me that time something, that did change my whole vision of trading.... If you would not share that system - I even do not know if I would trade to this day.... I would change the profession for sure... lol.

so - that System is holy for me... It was my letter "A" for me in trading.

--- 帖子 #956 ---
A valid point..

--- 帖子 #957 ---
A rocky morning so far - still short.

--- 帖子 #958 ---
Bulls are pushing long and hard against 1400 wall. I hope they run out of gas LOL..

--- 帖子 #959 ---
Short 3992.... looking at least to 3976.... my SL is about 4006

--- 帖子 #960 ---
Death to the bulls!!!!!

--- 帖子 #961 ---
My target is hit.

--- 帖子 #962 ---
Well.... two profitable trades for today.....

I think - may be to have a walk in the city?????    lol...

--- 帖子 #963 ---
Brother.... Please.... one comment from you if I can to ask....

Do you find my today's trades in the right path considerung the lelvels trading???  Or I am on the wrong path in whole?????

Just some words of wisdom form you....

What I try to arrive is at least 1:1 Risk-Reward ratio.... Of course if I see 1:2 Risk-Reward - it is even better... I try to not always to give the market to hit my SL.... I try to exit every time a little earlier than my SL. And - I take 1% of my account and devide it to 3-5 trades (how much time I have)..... If I reach my limit (1%) - I close my notebook.

If I did double my today's money - I am out too for the day.... at least what I do is - I still look at the market and like a paper trades...

so - that's it....

Thank you!

--- 帖子 #964 ---
I think you're on the right path my friend. Yes the 2:1 ratio or more is what we try to achieve but not always you'll get it.

--- 帖子 #965 ---
I close the trade. I was shooting for 55 but at this point I rather bank some profits and wait to see if we have any other level to play with.

--- 帖子 #966 ---
Oh! Thank you!!!!

Your answer will help me to trade with better confident in myself... and will give me more attitude!

This everithing is THANKS TO YOU!!!!! Without your help - I would not be here now....

God bless You, my friend, my brother!!!!!!

--- 帖子 #967 ---
Hey Feb...

Thanks for your "system"... loving it...

Could you take a second to see whether you agree with my levels. Seems like they are all around the 00 and 50 levels

thanks in advance...

PS Amazed at how simple you have made this, have been struggling for more than a year going BE for a while, then Losing, then winning but this seems great...

--- 帖子 #968 ---
Picture I forgot to post!!!

--- 帖子 #969 ---
Yes, levels are correct..

You're trading true "price action"

Remember these levels not always hold, but they do very often..

--- 帖子 #970 ---
Thanks mate... was doing almost the same prviously but didn't have my lines properly indicated and started trading out of frustration as I didn't really have enough time per day to trade off the m15 and m5... Think the m30 with pre-set orders if not there could work nicely.

With good MM and RR, it should work nicely

--- 帖子 #971 ---
A big problem would be not pulling the trigger when you need to. In other words "trigger freeze".

Whenever you see a signal, you MUST take it. No time to think. Some people feel like a deer in the headlights. If you miss the bus, there will be some opportunity lost there = $$$$

Yes you can use pre-set orders - I'll do it all the time.

--- 帖子 #972 ---
I  have a long trade now... Hope the level 3950 will hold.... Why? lol...  Just because I have a long trade lol.....

Hope also I did place SL oder properly....

--- 帖子 #973 ---
Ouch!.... SL hit...

--- 帖子 #974 ---
unfortunately the logical point of the s/l would be 910.

--- 帖子 #975 ---
Another trade is taking....

I trade always with real money... So - this trade is with very little load... just in case. But - I would not like to miss this trade... even if with learning purpose...

I shoot for 1:1.... no more expectations.

--- 帖子 #976 ---
It seems bulls broke 1.4000.

--- 帖子 #977 ---
My target hit....

--- 帖子 #978 ---
Did you close 100% of a trade or left some to trend?

--- 帖子 #979 ---
Because of the trade was during the night here in Ukraine, and I was sleeping - the TP order was for the all 100%.... And - as I stated before - it was just like a "learning" trade... of course with real money, but with very low load... So...

...it was just for me to training better levels feeling.

--- 帖子 #980 ---
Morning!

Here is my current long trade.... will let my set-up to work.

--- 帖子 #981 ---
ok! Close with 5 pips profit. I think the levels should be looking like this... on the picture.

--- 帖子 #982 ---
... well... new trade! lol. short this time...

--- 帖子 #983 ---
Yes this is what I was getting at.  I never did well simming the FCR so I gave up on it.

My idea is that by using system III for context then some System II setups look more attractive than others.  That's it.

For example you miss a long off a support level on 30min.  Drop to 5min and enter on a system II breakout.  That sort of thing.

--- 帖子 #984 ---
Do you scale out or are you always all in / all out?

Sometimes I want to bank profits but I'm not sure the move is over so I take off half.

--- 帖子 #985 ---
Closed at BE now...  As I see - market does not want to go down....

--- 帖子 #986 ---
re-entery short again... that previous time I did not loosing nothing... So - my risk limit permits this action.

--- 帖子 #987 ---
Target hit.

--- 帖子 #988 ---
the range of market is being relly narrow - 4055-4075.

--- 帖子 #989 ---
Morning!

Here is my current  short position.

I like trade levels!!!!!

Sorry if I am a little off the thematic of this thread... From other side - I trade S/R levels...

So...

--- 帖子 #990 ---
Closed the trade manually... About 1.5:1 RR... good.

--- 帖子 #991 ---
we're having a busy morning today. I advise all of you to use lighter load today just in case.

--- 帖子 #992 ---
Good day, Feb!

Do you mean - morning in USA? Fed Chairman Bernanke Speaks, Core CPI m/m, Core Retail Sales m/m, Retail Sales m/m etc. ??? - This events?

Just - I have now 14:30 hours... So - midday...

And - you probably have now morning... Yes? And this is why you say "busy morning" may be... Ok!   Just for me for clarification...

Thank you!!!

--- 帖子 #993 ---
Yes I am in EST......

I am on hold until 8:30 to see what's up.....Probably will take the other side of the news move.....maybe...I'll let you guys know.

--- 帖子 #994 ---
Ok! Thank you for answer!

--- 帖子 #995 ---
100 could be a good short but my take on the market is going to be stalled to 8:30 news...this is why I didn't take the short...

--- 帖子 #996 ---
System II is a forward type of trading. You have initial impulse wave followed by a pullback and then you trade the continuation of the wave only if breaks the top/bottom part. System III  is a contrarian trade. Normally you trade against the levels. You can apply system II on System III only if it breaks the level and then pulls back against that level..

Although you can trade both at the same time , I will stick to just one.

--- 帖子 #997 ---
does anybody have disconnection problems with Oanda this morning?

--- 帖子 #998 ---
waiting for 10:00 AM announcement - Oanda had plenty of trouble this morning. I could'nt  go short on the 8:30 news...

--- 帖子 #999 ---
in a perfect world, I'll be looking to short against 1.4050 but there's some news @ 10:00...

--- 帖子 #1000 ---
after connectivity issues, long @05 looking for a small cut around 36. Medium load...

--- 帖子 #1001 ---
no use...bail out with a small scratch of -2 pips..no biggie....see U guys next week...volatility is very low...

--- 帖子 #1002 ---
See you, brother Feb!  Take care!   Have a good weekend!

--- 帖子 #1003 ---
Hi Feb,

it took me 4 days to get through the thread but very informative and i have to say i like the idea of the bounce, i trade S/R but somthin you said in the few posts  has made a difference, and big plus no silly indicators.

Thank you

--- 帖子 #1004 ---
Guys.

The thread is open for everyone to share, ask questions etc. I am stepping back 'cause lately I am the only one talking here.

--- 帖子 #1005 ---
I actually followed this thread initially when I first began trading live a year ago. Since then I temporarily stopped visiting the site altogether, not allowing my trades to develop purely out of fear based on my own lack of faith in myself. Since then I've run the gamut of emotions through this business. Thankfully I haven't blown up any accounts and have been smart enough to stick with it through demo to find what I'm most comfortable with. Fast forward to many moons later and I find myself here again with the realization that this strategy is most similar to what I myself have settled on, albeit I look at a little bit of PA and a larger TF due to my many other commitments in the mean time.

Anyway I like the 1.3746 region to enter long. I didn't have faith in that support initially as my chart shows. I was looking for price to go a little lower. That also could be due to fear after messing up my last trade. Anyway that fear is probably what also has me waiting for a pullback rather than just jumping on a train I already missed. If it doesn't trigger; oh well. I'm comfortable enough not to kick myself over it. If it does, I looked at what I think is the stronger support to set up my stop. Thoughts? As a sidebar; it's only zoomed in so much for viewing purposes here.

EDIT: On second thought I think I'd rather wait for price to hit the lower support before entry as I had initially planned. Feels safer

On a final note; the community that has developed here over the year has grown into something great, feb. I hope it continues to bring on good thought. I am still learning a lot, but discussion (once you don't get paranoid over it) is a very useful tool under the right terms.

--- 帖子 #1006 ---
Hi Feb,

been watching the thread closely but quite scared to offer question and view considering your quite a scary person.

Just a quick question, does adding Fibo line on top of the S/L line does really helped?

Another one, how do you really filter out the fake turnpoint? or just like u said, just swallow the loss and move on.

Cheers.

--- 帖子 #1007 ---
1)no, fibo lines doesn't help.

2)I swallow the loss and move on. Filters are simply an illusion. You either a) lose b) win c) break-even. But one way to minimize fakeouts is to wait for the bar to close in the timeframe you're trading.

I consider myself a straightforward person. I know my language could be harsh sometimes but I don't offend anyone. As you can see, your questions are definitely valid and I reply properly. What I can't do is to tell people when to trade or how.

--- 帖子 #1008 ---
Thanks feb,

thats what i thought.

Tried Fibo but the breakout are clearly an illusion (well for me), this method is more simple and straight.

If it smack you in the face, get up and move on. No whining, no crying.

Cheers feb.

--- 帖子 #1009 ---
Morning, traders!

My first short trade for today.... 1:1,5 RR... Nice simple trade....

Good luck to all!!!!!

--- 帖子 #1010 ---
current long trade...

I think - the entery is not the best...    but... - will see how it goes...

--- 帖子 #1011 ---
Dear Feb!!!

I like so very much this your statement: You either a) lose b) win c) break-even. So simple.... So nice!!!!!

Thank you for all your help to us!!!!!!!

--- 帖子 #1012 ---
Target hit. Two profitable trades for this morning.

--- 帖子 #1013 ---
new short trade.... will see if I am so lucky to win again .. lol

--- 帖子 #1014 ---
... well...   the market is stalling under the upper level... may be - before the news of EUR-zone Flash Manufacturing PMI after 2 minutes...

Well - or my SL or my TP will be hit...   As I am with low load - I will wait a little....

--- 帖子 #1015 ---
SL hit...

--- 帖子 #1016 ---
a case of "owwh i think i can win again" which is the sub-case of overtrading.

been there done that.

whenever i locked some profit, i closed the chart, smoke, and get a coke.

an hour later i'll come back just for a glance of the chart just to see if any radical movement going on.

--- 帖子 #1017 ---
I get what do you mean... but... What about - how do you do your MM???

Personally I do not trade "all possible money for today" in one trade... at least - in 4 trades. So - two wins, one loss... no second-guessing... Just - see the possibility (may be subjectively), place my orders - and wait for the market to fill my order. If I loose... I still have money for keeping trade... until I loose all my predetermined risk for today.

Regards!

--- 帖子 #1018 ---
Another trade. Will see...

"IF the price will reject off the upper level - THEN I will trade short"

... now I have to wait for my trade to hit TP order, or manage to not let the market to hit all my risk...

--- 帖子 #1019 ---
unemployment claims @8:30..

Looking at 00 level for support - 50 hold resistance pretty good...

gonna sit on my hands for the announcement, just in case..

--- 帖子 #1020 ---
My MM usually laid on a spreadsheet. and i only risk 1% per trade and ratio that against a proper stop lost.

If i win, that its for the day, unless like i said, radical move. Still i limit myself to only 3 trade per day. If i loss. Thats it, closed the chart, do other stuff so i wont revenge trade and loss more.

It take seriously mental discipline to do this really.

--- 帖子 #1021 ---
Target hit.

--- 帖子 #1022 ---
I understand you, my friend!

It take seriously mental discipline to do this really. - agree with you totally!

--- 帖子 #1023 ---
I went short at the bounce of 00. Actually I got in late - 89. I was looking to short 95. Target was 63 but the market just bounced off from 70 area so I cut the trade around 74....I don't know about you guys but this week has been tough to trade...

--- 帖子 #1024 ---
market broke 00 long but I will stay put - philly report is @ 10:00 am. Buying on a pullback @05 would be nice but....

--- 帖子 #1025 ---
sure its been really hard. tho i manage to get off 2 win.

70 pips on the EUGBP 0.8825 long and 40 pips EUJPY 112.85 bounce.

great enuff for me today.

--- 帖子 #1026 ---
in a perfect world, 00 is holding support nicely. But the philly report is right there...what a shame!!

--- 帖子 #1027 ---
hey! great trades brother!!!

I get happy when people get it done despite how the markets are!!!

--- 帖子 #1028 ---
GBPUSD is breaking on the 57. any thoughts?

tho this is still pending on the news really.

--- 帖子 #1029 ---
I will sit on my hands...

--- 帖子 #1030 ---
Dim

at this point I believe you just found out how to be consistent on this game..

--- 帖子 #1031 ---
imma get somethin to drink and watch. let see if we can get a hoorah.

--- 帖子 #1032 ---
Well, my Dear brother Feb - I hope so!!!!! I hope that I found out what is the consistency on this game...

at least what I know for sure is - if I see my set-up - I trade it (no second-guessing, except the news or event). I adjust my load to have the risk acceptable, and I try to get anything greater than my risk. I close the chart if my daily loss limit is reached. Or - if I did twice that limit (at profit side).

The most hard part is - to sit on my hands until I would see my set-up.

After I know my set-up and I have my MM rules  - there is no more what about I have to f...ck my brain (sorry...lol). I know - if I will religiously follow my rules - the game of probability will be at my side.

THANK YOU!!!!!!

--- 帖子 #1033 ---
let's see if goes up 50..... that would be a nice short trade..

--- 帖子 #1034 ---
Brother Feb... If you do not mind - I will send you now a PM (a really short PM) with my today's result.

... in a few minutes..

--- 帖子 #1035 ---
35-40 area is holding resistance - I still prefer 50. If the market comes back to 00 I will quit for the day...seems like a comfort zone to me.

--- 帖子 #1036 ---
Good morning!

my current set-up.

Wait for the trigger.

--- 帖子 #1037 ---
Order is filled.

--- 帖子 #1038 ---
Loss trade...

--- 帖子 #1039 ---
u just gotta hate friday trading.

--- 帖子 #1040 ---
well.... day like all others.    just one exception is - G20 Meetings... I think - it could affect at this market today.

Regards!

--- 帖子 #1041 ---
Ok! One winning trade and I am a little better than BE for today...

It was short trade. I do not like the price action now, because of fast and straight moves. No more trades for me today.

--- 帖子 #1042 ---
yeah. spikes everywhere. no more trade i suggest.

--- 帖子 #1043 ---
waiting for euro to open.

tick tock tick tock...

--- 帖子 #1044 ---
Good day traders!

I took a short trade at EUR...

RR is a little unbalanced, but my plan is - to not wait for the SL to be hit... I will bail out earlier if I see the market will go up.

--- 帖子 #1045 ---
The trade develops in the LOSS ZONE right now.... But - I will wait a little more..... Still - there is a little chance the price will bounce off and will go short a little...

--- 帖子 #1046 ---
Ok! i did bail out this trade. My loss is about 1/2 of my initial risk... not so bad.

--- 帖子 #1047 ---
The king of clowns is speaking this morning, brother!!!

Market is probably looking for clues to be acting up!

--- 帖子 #1048 ---
Ah! Thank you, brother!!!

Yep - I see in calendar it is at 15:30 GMT+2 (and probably at 8:30 EST)...

As you see - that shot was at 30 min chart.... this week I will come to 30 min chart again... (how I did it a little earlier).

I was thinking about the short trade between Sup and Res how I shoe it on the chart.

--- 帖子 #1049 ---
My current long trade.... Do not laugh at me, please... I know - I was entering this trade not very fine   lol...

the ellipse is possible target.

--- 帖子 #1050 ---
im holding a loss as well. but im honoring the system.

--- 帖子 #1051 ---
the day is not good....

--- 帖子 #1052 ---
but im honoring the system - EXACTLY!

--- 帖子 #1053 ---
Yep. Two losses for me today.

--- 帖子 #1054 ---
but i got 3 wins

--- 帖子 #1055 ---
Good for you, my friend...

--- 帖子 #1056 ---
Morning, traders!

Have a short trade now.

Possible targets are - two shadows at the chart. 1 or 2... will look closely at price behavior at those areas.

--- 帖子 #1057 ---
Hi Dim, what was your criteria for going short?

rgds/Kev

--- 帖子 #1058 ---
Hi!

Look at chart... and look there for white arrows.

They show (at least for me lol) good forming level. This is the main reason why I took short at the bounce off the level.

--- 帖子 #1059 ---
Dim, by any chance do you look at the Dow or SP500 for confirmation before you pull the triggr? I am trying to figure out the intermarket relationship without much luck. Anyway 4H pinbar influenced me to go long right above the 30M fractal at almost the same time you shorted. Cheers/Kev

--- 帖子 #1060 ---
its kinda an holding that area at the moment.

im waiting for new york to open and some news before jumping in.

--- 帖子 #1061 ---
One day I did start to do everything as simple as it could be....

What I do (of course I am not master! I am still learning!!!) - I just look at E/U currency pair, Look at one chosed TF (3o min this time), look for levels (areas of Supply and Demand, or areas of Resistance and Support), and take my trades based on these observations. What helps me is - of course MM. Why - because I try to keep my losses in the minimum, so even one next win trade could return me about 2-3 previous losses....

Feb, our Master, our Teacher, told us one day -

Make your life easy!

"If the market closes above/below this level, then I'll be short/long.

My stop-loss will be at (x) level , which is the last swing high/low and my level of risk is acceptable. If not, then I will adjust my load . After x amount of pips, I will trail my stop to B/E(plus the landlord's fee) and I will try to shoot for anything greater than my initial risk"

"If I get stopped/bail out etc, then I'll be looking at the other way (long/short). My stop-loss will be at (x) level , which is the last swing high/low and my level of risk is acceptable. If not, then I will adjust my load . After x amount of pips, I will trail my stop to B/E(plus the landlord's fee) and I will try to shoot for anything greater than my initial risk"

ALL IN ONE CHART.

Hope - it helps!

--- 帖子 #1062 ---
i got lot to learn....almost finishing up the Feb's System I thread. great read. thx guys. rgds/Kev

--- 帖子 #1063 ---
Target 2 is reached. Good day for me.

--- 帖子 #1064 ---
morning traders!

Here is my current short trade which I took from yesterday.

--- 帖子 #1065 ---
good one !

--- 帖子 #1066 ---
I am in from 1.3823  but looking shakey now  hoping that 3822 ish will turn it back down

cheers

Allan J

--- 帖子 #1067 ---
I did closed my trade at 3779 area... because I did think - there could be turning point too... And - looking at chat now - I understand - it really is there.

--- 帖子 #1068 ---
you did good  nice trade   am still in the 5 min chart is / was  looking better  will see how it goes  was on a 4 hour chart and having dinner so missed that reversal candle   am sitting on it now  lol,

Allan

--- 帖子 #1069 ---
I am going to follow you on 30m charts today...

--- 帖子 #1070 ---
market is bouncing off 50 level....

--- 帖子 #1071 ---
Oh! Morning, Feb!!!!!

I am so glad to see you! Hope - you are OK. I have to say you "THANK YOU FOR YOUR HELP TO UNDERSTAND HOW TO TRADE THE MARKET" every day.

Honestly - you helped me so much in my trading... I am still learning - but - I know now what I am doing.

--- 帖子 #1072 ---
stopped -30 pips     so back to page one I think

Allan

--- 帖子 #1073 ---
I would like to wait for the bouncing (if it would be) off the level 3869 for short trade.... or breaking and then pullback for long trade.

--- 帖子 #1074 ---
Re-reading is a good thing... But - just remember - we all have losses from time to time... You have to know at least for yourself how you validate your entery point, and where is logical to place your SL.

Just look back for my posts - and you will see - how many losses I did have... But - I still keep trading!

--- 帖子 #1075 ---
thanks for that   I did have a chance to break even but thought it would head back ... like it is now   lol  will have a look at the us open   or maybe if it breaks the 1.3800

my thanks to Feb also for the  thread and guidance

--- 帖子 #1076 ---
now it looks like I will wait for a bounce off 3770 area level...

--- 帖子 #1077 ---
sounds like a logical level

--- 帖子 #1078 ---
Well... this is how I see it...

--- 帖子 #1079 ---
My current long trade.

--- 帖子 #1080 ---
it was near my SL already...

I think it is because... well it is because I did enter this trade a little early. What I mean?  - I mean - when I did enter the bar was already up-bar, but did not close yet, so after my entery it did change to down-close bar. So - my entery was not whole rigth. In fact - I had to entery only after this green pin-bar to form, and my entery-order had to be above this pin-bar.

I hope - Feb will comment this my post... because I am still struggling with finding right entery criteria.

--- 帖子 #1081 ---
Entries should be at the close of the bar- let the market show it's hands.

--- 帖子 #1082 ---
i did enter at the bar which i mark at the chart with a vertical line, when it was yet up bar (but not closed). Then, after my entery - it was changing to down bar.

--- 帖子 #1083 ---
... but I think I should enter above that pin bar (I do not consider bar formations - just now I call it this way to understand what we are talking about)... above little white line at chart.

I would have to wait for the turning bar (UP-bar in this case) to close, and then to place entery-order above that up bar (green pin bar in this case).

It something like in the System I the "V"-shape formation.... Yes?

Thank You!

--- 帖子 #1084 ---
well my friend that's the nature of this business....

You entry was fine. The market just went the other way....

--- 帖子 #1085 ---
Of course - I do not cry... lol.   I understand what is this business all about... - about probabilities. What I want still to do - is mastering the art of trading. It seems to me that this is endless process.

--- 帖子 #1086 ---
took another trade. short.

entery is based on breakout of the level down, and then on the continuation to the breaking side.... so - like a system II sort of trade.

--- 帖子 #1087 ---
i took dat eurusd short, but went off around 20pips. now it going the other way around. lucky me.

well, i just had 2 small win today totally 40 pips only. small lots, yet a win is a win, i was quite cautious today due to several news.

--- 帖子 #1088 ---
no matter the size, really. I see consistency there my friend!!

--- 帖子 #1089 ---
new day - new battle.... lol

My current short

--- 帖子 #1090 ---
loss...

--- 帖子 #1091 ---
Hi Feb,

You can't imagine how good it feels to see the wisdom in your words.

Thanks to you (to all your "systems") I definately changed my way of reading the market and considering that "losing is part of trading".

As you said, taking a loss is like breathing to life. Just deal with it and move on...Lick your wunds, shake it off, and move on...

Simple words...but effective and powerful ones...

Good trades to everyone

--- 帖子 #1092 ---
that trade looked good for 45 or so pips   wonder what made the buyers jump in

--- 帖子 #1093 ---
short again... looks like this is strong level....  Besides just simle looking at  up-and-down bars I try always to feel the market-rythm... when the forces which were pushing price up are changing to forces which are pushing price down.... At least I think - this is something valuable for watching.

--- 帖子 #1094 ---
Closed almost 1:1 RR because of the speach ECB President Trichet.

--- 帖子 #1095 ---
I have a question to Dear Feb.

What I want to ask is...

If I right understand this (and do of course too) that when we are looking at price which is near the level already, we based our entery not only at bars/candles close, not only at their form etc. (I mean something just visually),

but... But we base our entery on our feelings to some degree too. Like for instance - we are looking how price is moving..,

if we have price which is coming to the up level, we see now, in real time, that the whole rhytm of moving is more.... m-m-m like "up-moving-rhytm" (sorry - I do not know how to explain it properly). Then - near the level - we see (again now, in real time), that the price is like a stalling a little (within 1-3 bars/candles), then we start to see (again in real time, now) that the price starts to show us something like a "down-rhytm-move". Now - we look at this in real time again, wait for the close of that "down-move-bar", and place our sell order below this bar. And SL above the level.

... what I was trying to explain - is about more than just looking at bars... I think is about something like looking at bars and FEELING the rhytm....

Then - we have the next down level as our target. Now (again in real time) we see our trade is going down in something like a "down-move rhytm".

But suddenly we see that this rhytm is obviously changing to something like a "up-moving rhytm". And, based on what we are seeing now - this is more than just pullback. To our target there is some distance, we did not approach it still. But, based on "what we feel looking at prce" - we might consider make an exit, even if our profit is about 1:1 RR now.

What I want to ask - is it good by implementing our trading-tactic to watch not only peaks, valleys, levels etc., but to take in consideration the ... (again - i do not now how "to call"  this) to take in consideration something like "price-moving rhytm"??? And to implement this to our trading...

???

Thank you!

--- 帖子 #1096 ---
Dim,

are you talking about price momentum?

--- 帖子 #1097 ---
Hello... not only.

I mean - I know what MOMENTUM is... What I am talking about - is I think a little more than just momentum. something like a "feeling of price".

--- 帖子 #1098 ---
Similar to tape reading. To be honest, don't pay attention tho that or you might go crazy! Actually on tape reading you put markers similar to S/R lines. There's no edge of time market movement. Only where price stalls or breaks is where you need to concentrate.

--- 帖子 #1099 ---
Oh! Thank you brother!

So - what I did write at that my long post is something what I have not to pay attantion ("price feeling"), or I might go crazy... Ok! Thank you... So - I just have to think about this a little more simple.

I am sorry, but I did not get your words "There's no edge of time market movement." May be because of language thing or...  Please, can you, if I do not bother you too much, explain these words.

Again - to try "to feel" the price is something not worth it, if I get it right.

If I get right your words - "Only where price stalls or breaks is where you need to concentrate." - is right about where price stalls around the level, "looking what direction to chose", and then is breaking to either - breaking-level side, or rejection-level side.

Thank You for your help, your wisdom!

Dima

--- 帖子 #1100 ---
I attached the picture, where I did show how I understand these words...

the blue box - is like a stalling at the level (there are some almost equally bars), and the white line is possible entery order at breaking that stalling to the down side. And in result we have - rejection off the level.   Right?

Thank You!

--- 帖子 #1101 ---
hello world, is intraday swing range is 30-40 pips for the majors still valid? rgds/Kev

--- 帖子 #1102 ---
a quick report to my mentor - fabolous feb for the paradigm shift yet simple trading.

tried a bigger lot.

3 position.

lost on GBPUSD - it crosses the 5865 resistant but i closed on loss then it went back up! (-20)

USDJPY - short after it broke 81.25 for a quick 20 pip.

and the win of the day is....

EUROUSD - broke the 3850 for an outstanding 45 pip!

--- 帖子 #1103 ---
yes dim, i second feb advise.

if u follow the so called "guts feeling" or "intuition", u may get the "early exit or entry syndrome" (which i still have a little).

its all about waiting for the price to breakout and pounce. be mechanical when entering a position.

i remember reading somewhere - "trading is a fight of fear and greed".

honour the system, honour the SL and honour the TP.

its hard, even im doing quite ok now, the fear and greed is still there.

always follow ur MM!

--- 帖子 #1104 ---
Ok! thank you so much for advices!!!

You know - like almost everyone around here I am still learning about good trading (read - trading as it is). So - from time to time I still do a little reseach to understand better what I have to understand etc... But this is not for complications, but for clarification and grasping concept.

--- 帖子 #1105 ---
My friend....  can you please, if you can, post some charts with illustration of these words, some examples please...

Thank you!

--- 帖子 #1106 ---
I agree!!!

I've been trading tape for ages. There certain "gut feeling" you have when reading tape. Still is not the base for trading . You must act upon your signal and then let the market do whatever. Remember, trading is all about possibilities. Nobody knows the outcome of a trade.

--- 帖子 #1107 ---
Dear Feb!

Please, this your words - "Only where price stalls or breaks is where you need to concentrate." Do I right understand them by showing it at the chart attached to the post above (the chart with blue box)????

Thank You!

--- 帖子 #1108 ---
Exactly. Like for instance, the price is bouncing or breaking 1.3780,means the market is either rejecting(bouncing) or simply breaking out of that level . If the market is bouncing off, there will be some attempts to break the level but it fails. If the markets breaks off a level, means that level is not longer cheap and the market is pricing the currency higher. That's the observation you need to know.

--- 帖子 #1109 ---
So - we have to have some zone (area), where we are watching ths price, and if price is boucing off the up level, then our short-order would be  placed a little below that area, and if the price is breaking the up-level - then we place our buy-order a little above that area...  ???

I attached a pict with these thoughts.

--- 帖子 #1110 ---
Yes. Use a reference bar/candle and place your order like a couple of pips above/below just in case..

--- 帖子 #1111 ---
My current long trade.

... possible target is the ellipse above.

--- 帖子 #1112 ---
Oh! how market is going down......

loss trade.

--- 帖子 #1113 ---
new trade... new battle.

Hope - I did get it everything right from Feb's advices, and now try to do it.

--- 帖子 #1114 ---
Did close this trade with profit manually at 3814 area... Because that is the area where the market did turn up last time.

--- 帖子 #1115 ---
I was thinking to go short off the level 3845 area... but it looks lke the market did not respect that level this time, and just did broke it. (I did mark possible short-area with blue box).

--- 帖子 #1116 ---
anyone taking trade today?

low liquidity with high volatility since french bank is on holiday. any thoughts?

--- 帖子 #1117 ---
Hello!

I do not trade today. Wait at least for NY session  open.

--- 帖子 #1118 ---
hi dim,

thats what i thought.

--- 帖子 #1119 ---
im not trusting any breakout nor bounce.

it just scary.

taking a break today.

--- 帖子 #1120 ---
Morning, traders!

Here is my current long position.

Happy trades to everyone!

--- 帖子 #1121 ---
Closed my trade with some pips... Looks like we have resistance before my target. Well - will look at this area - might be I will go short off this resistance (3943 area).

--- 帖子 #1122 ---
3958 - 3986   - another profitable buy trade for today.

--- 帖子 #1123 ---
not very fun for me today.

well, cant win it all

--- 帖子 #1124 ---
I would like to go short off that resistance...

Happy trading to everyone!

--- 帖子 #1125 ---
Morning, traders!

Hope - your trading is good for you. Hope - you are enjoing your profit.

Hope - you are OK with what you are doing!

Best regards to everyone!

--- 帖子 #1126 ---
Morning, traders!

the levels how I see them now....  (the chart below)

By the way - this method is very powerfull pips-creating method

--- 帖子 #1127 ---
Hello traders!

Levels - how I see them...

--- 帖子 #1128 ---
HI Dim,

Good to see you're still using this method and keeping this thread alive, I hope it's working good for you. I hope feb is doing good as well.

Haven't been trading much lately but had some time this afternoon and took two trades on 1h EUR/USD (the  2 blue arrows)

Take care

--- 帖子 #1129 ---
Dim4ik42,how are you sir?

--- 帖子 #1130 ---
Hello brother!

Thank you! - I am fine!

How are you, my friend?? Still trading? Which method??

I trade - levels. Good for me.

--- 帖子 #1131 ---
Current levels.

--- 帖子 #1132 ---
It seems EURO decided to respect 425 level and bounced back to 265.

Next targets 425 or 180.

--- 帖子 #1133 ---
180 reached.

Next pit stop 081 or 270

--- 帖子 #1134 ---
hi tghfbt8,

good to see someone is still trading this "method". it's been a long time since feb logged in here I hope he's fine..

Here's my current long trade..

--- 帖子 #1135 ---
Not sure about long. Price is at the 150.

--- 帖子 #1136 ---
And euro reached 1.300. Nice round number.

The worst thing that I run out of levels. But based on round numbers next should be 1.290. Or 080.

--- 帖子 #1137 ---
1.290 reached. The levels on the way down are:

1.2775

1.2638

up 1.2967

--- 帖子 #1138 ---
It seems 1.300 level is holding EURO.

The level down is 1.2872

--- 帖子 #1139 ---
The level 1.2900 provided support.

1.3060 reached. The next up 152.

--- 帖子 #1140 ---
Wow. Is it 1.3500 coming or what?

--- 帖子 #1141 ---
Not yet. Market is a back where it was two weeks ago. 1.3420 level.

--- 帖子 #1142 ---
And market is back where it spent all December. Long @315 S/L 245 Target 365.

--- 帖子 #1143 ---
Target reached. +40 pips.

--- 帖子 #1144 ---
I admire the fact that you keep posting your trades even though no one else seems to be participating.  Keep going.

Good day

--- 帖子 #1145 ---
... well, now with-out even occasional participation of Feb all his great work is slowly moving into the archives of ForexFactory ... sad, very sad.

--- 帖子 #1146 ---
I'm doing it for myself while digging tunnel to the "promised" land of profitability.

--- 帖子 #1147 ---
My gut feeling is that twiteer took over forexfactory.

--- 帖子 #1148 ---
It seems the battle for 3500 is on the way.

--- 帖子 #1149 ---
Part II. Retest from the above.

--- 帖子 #1150 ---
Bounced from 525

--- 帖子 #1151 ---
3700 almost reached. 16 pips doesn't count.

--- 帖子 #1152 ---
And back to 3700 again.

--- 帖子 #1153 ---
Keep posting, I like your charts, there is much to learn from them

--- 帖子 #1154 ---
And decided to sleep there.

--- 帖子 #1155 ---
Yes, there more I look at them the more I understand how hard it is to just listen to price.

--- 帖子 #1156 ---
tghfbt8

... sorry mate, but I can't agree with you on this one ... understanding of the price action isn't that hard

and I'm sure that, if you replace those S/R levels with the right zones of the supply & demand ...

all of it, it's going to become much clearer and easier to see.

--- 帖子 #1157 ---
...here's my take on your chart's zones....your first one i see as a resistance/support switch at previous supply zone. The other lines i've drawn are demand zones.

I'm new to supply/demand analysis, so i'd be interested to know how you decide what qualifies as a s/d zone?

--- 帖子 #1158 ---
DareXau

How do you come up with those supply & demand zones?

--- 帖子 #1159 ---
... well, just zoom-out your chart and you will see ...

additionally, go to FXstreet and watch few webinars by Sam Seiden, that may help a lot to understand the concept.
http://www.fxstreet.com/search/contr...1-e9bf77216d2f

--- 帖子 #1160 ---
Yea right. Very easy to follow and to reproduce instructions. Plus hours of webvinars. I want critique those supply&demand just would mention that true measure of supply&demand is volume which doesn't exist on forex.

That's what I'm talking about. The lines so easy but mind is always making following them complicated with supply& demand, MACD, stochastics, oscilators, sma, cot reports, cycles, Elliot waves or whatever is hot today.

--- 帖子 #1161 ---
Yeah right ... it's much easier to learn nothing and stay ignorant for ever.

... by the way, good luck with your drawings.

--- 帖子 #1162 ---
Unfortunately in trading the easier part is learning. That's what every loser is doing in this field. There is always something new. New guru, new trading strategy. Bringing money to the checking account on consistent bases is the hard part.

As Ken Fisher in the book "The only three questions that count" stated the trading is not a craft which can be learned like carpeting. Otherwise three month boot camp in the "Winning" TS and say good buy to boss and hello to Hawaii.

--- 帖子 #1163 ---
Just doing community service.

--- 帖子 #1164 ---
It seems that 1.3770 holds the price. Or may be GS decided to close it's "demands"
http://www.zerohedge.com/article/gol...target-137-140

--- 帖子 #1165 ---
For supply & demands funs. As I said earlier the try measure of Supply & demand is volume which is laking in forex.

But we can look at volume on ETF. Below is hourly chart for FXE which is euro etf.

Volume is on the bottom panel.

--- 帖子 #1166 ---
... if so easy, than why you mixing volume spread analysis with supply and demand?
... perhaps because of the forex education based only on BabyPips forum.

--- 帖子 #1167 ---
Never been there.

How else can you measure true supply and demand? Demand is where traders are buying. If they are buying than you should see volume surge in futures, etf or oanda open contracts.

Kinda obvious.

--- 帖子 #1168 ---
It takes two years to teach PHP programming from scratch. After that programmer can make money on constant bases. Since you can see plenty of people in trading field who are straggling with it for decades it is clear to me that learning of some new things is not the most important aspect of trading.

--- 帖子 #1169 ---
... by pointing to supply/demand zones versus support/resistance levels ...

I'm simply referring to the price area (zone) instead of the single line (level) ... your drawings

and I'm not interested in spot forex volume at all ... as there isn't any true volume (only very partial - representing individual broker's orders flow)

So, by the same token ... I'm not talking about any ways of measuring that "volume" as it's pointless to measure something what doesn't exist.

On another hand in different (centralized) markets, like: equities, indices, futures and some CFD's or ETF's the volume spread analysis can be successfully applied in trading.

... and on subject of learning, I don't care how long it takes to become a programmer, that's irrelevant to trading and to learning process about trading,

but I haven't come a cross of any successful trader, who said that his learning is completed or that there isn't anything more to learn.

So, if you state that learning is easy part and only losers keep doing so ... well, I can assure you ... that you're totally wrong.

... forex is a zero sum game ... where uneducated traders are giving away their money to those traders who learned enough to take advantage of this situation

and finally, I reckon that's very fair ... and I don't mind that at all if some ignorant are paying me on daily bases for my effort, patience, determination and so on ...

and I have to admit, that I'm really pleased with the ratio of consistent losers v winners (average 95% to 5%) 'cos that's open/unlimited opportunity for "smart money"

--- 帖子 #1170 ---
The level down 565 up 750.

--- 帖子 #1171 ---
How do you define width of the zone? 2 ATR?

--- 帖子 #1172 ---
I doubt if there is some universal tool (indicator) which does it for you ...

but just a simple examination of the previous/current price action should easily show those zones which may be significant now or in near future,

... as for example EUR/USD zone I'm interested in today and for last few days is between 1.3710'0 & 1.3785'0 ... so, it's an area of 75 pips.

--- 帖子 #1173 ---
750 reached.

--- 帖子 #1174 ---
Hello, traders!

Here are my levels... how I see them.

Good luck in your trading!

--- 帖子 #1175 ---
866 reached. Next 972

--- 帖子 #1176 ---
Hi, tghfbt8!

I see - you trade levels religiously! Great! I like trading levels very!!!!!

Good luck to you in your trading!!!!! Keep going!

P.S. - I think we have to say a big "Thank You!" to Feb2865 for giving to us so simple but powerful style of trading!

Dmitrij.

--- 帖子 #1177 ---
levels i watch now for possible trade...

--- 帖子 #1178 ---
I'd say I draw them "religiously". I'm still struggling to trade them.

--- 帖子 #1179 ---
Well.... I think - I get you....

How i see it - by trading levels we should not to become too technical. There have to be some room for thinking - this is how I see it.

Be a little more flexible... Look at price... Look at live price. Like example - when I see levels - I do not place orders "blindly" just because I see levels.. No - I wait to see how the price will ac on the level - or the price will bounce immediately off the level, or the price will try to breach the level at first, and only then will bounce off.... So - just learn to lok at real, live price. How it acts...

Here is where trading becomes art, my friend!

I hope - you will get what I want to say... Considering that english is not my native language...

Good luck!

--- 帖子 #1180 ---
By nature TS-III is counter move trading "system". It works well for me when market is trading in range like during last December. Wait when price failed to break previous high/low on h4 and ride to the other side.

But what do we do during rally like in January? The reasonable answer is to buy dips. And when to close position? At the next level? or trail with stop.

--- 帖子 #1181 ---
Well - when I trade Feb's System III - I think firstly about Feb's words - "Markets are nothing more than a constant battle between supply and demand"

Just during balance-market or unbalance-market it has a little different behaviour. So - I think - after spending some real-time watching the market - you start to "get it" how to response to different market moves. (balance or unbalance). There is no more different behaviour of market (I think) than balance or unbalance. So - be ready for reacting during these two times.

I will post here one of Feb's post for all readers of this great thread:

______________________________________________________________

Markets are nothing more than a constant battle between Supply and Demand.

As simple as it sounds to whoever understand this, will have the highest probability of success in all markets.

No matter what time frame you're using, there will be always a pivotal point in which the market turns, either a pullback or a reversal. That by itself is a warning sign that the supply or demand is exhausting.

Indicators are just past representation of price. I am not here to debate if they're good or bad, as to me is the interpretation of the trader where the problem lies. Indicators tends to mislead people into a predictive figure, in reality they're just "warning signs".Unfortunately, traders rely more into what the indicator says rather than price.

As to me, identifying support and resistance or I should say, shifts between demand and supply has a tremendous advantage, system wise over any indicator system. Instead of predictive, Support and Resistance puts you into a "reactive mode" meaning ...what would you do when the market reach x price?? will you buy/sell the breakout or will you buy/sell the bounce??

I prefer to be reactive than predictive. I play the market. Not only at the entry but S/R helps me spot minor/major shifts in the market as my trade develops. Sometimes I just bail out and pass and sometimes my trade takes some heat before reaching my target.

Make it simple - here's an idea:

Let the market develop into a direction. There always will be a high/low for the day. Draw two lines, one at the top and one at the bottom (please not to be confused with picking tops and bottoms).

Once the market reach any of these points just ask yourself

- will I buy the breakout??

- or will I sell the bounce??

I assure you something ALWAYS happens at these points

develop your own criteria about validating either one, like I'll buy the breakout on the next bar if it breaks the higher/high - lower/low of the next bar...and take the trade as quick as possible.

Whatever happens next it's up to how do you manage your trade/stop-loss etc.

This has been my system since 1980 and I won't change it for nothing.

_____________________________________________________________

Hope it will help you!

--- 帖子 #1182 ---
It's funny but just last week I had lovely conversation with DareXau on topic of supply & demand.

Just little note that Feb was mostly trading futures looking at Depth of Market screen where you can see buy and sell orders.

On DOM you see battle of supply&demand in real-time before price reversal.

--- 帖子 #1183 ---
It seems that every time when I run out levels and start looking for levels based on charts of two month before market is reversing.

3800 up and 566 down.

--- 帖子 #1184 ---
Good day, traders!

I am currently watching this little bracket to take trade within or outside it...

Good luck and good trades to you!

--- 帖子 #1185 ---
566 reached.

--- 帖子 #1186 ---
price @620 level up 686 down 537

--- 帖子 #1187 ---
EURO bounced from 500. next stop up 800

--- 帖子 #1188 ---
Not yet.

--- 帖子 #1189 ---
on the way?

--- 帖子 #1190 ---
Didn't happened.

--- 帖子 #1191 ---
It seems price in 425 - 566 range.

--- 帖子 #1192 ---
Sell limit @621 filled. S/L +1 620. Target 536.

Make it happen.

--- 帖子 #1193 ---
Price turned around at 544 and shot back. Stopped.

--- 帖子 #1194 ---
Good day traders!

I want to post something at this great thread about trading pure PRICE action!

Feb is a man, who did change the whole my vision of how we should understand trading, and what this business is about... Feb is a great man!

My respect to him is very big!!!

In case to keep this thread alive I would like to post some of my trades from time to time...

Here you have my curent short trade (based at little support breakout).

For peoople who do not know me - I trade real money

--- 帖子 #1195 ---
If I loose this trade - deal with it...!  Like Feb said one day - "you loose something to win something more"! I do like these his words very much!

--- 帖子 #1196 ---
Well - I did loose this trade... Will wait for the next one.

--- 帖子 #1197 ---
... my new short trade.  possible target is around - 3760-3755

--- 帖子 #1198 ---
My current trade is going well... My SL is now near BE. Will look closely to where I can bank my profit... (at which area)....

--- 帖子 #1199 ---
Take Profit is reached. One loss and one win today.

--- 帖子 #1200 ---
Decided to change my template.

Purple lines are weekly.

Green/red dots are daily plotted by fractal indicator.

Red - h4. The edge.

--- 帖子 #1201 ---
Without calculation the accuracy of thees lines about 80% which means that in 4 times out of 5 price would show some action at the lines.

Thus below are the list of signals in no particular order.

1.Price bounced from the line. Better if it penetrates line by 25 pips and returns back.

2. Price touches the line and starts slowly retracing from forming V formation.

3. Sometimes price is forming range area exactly on the line. Probably better to leave this thing alone.

--- 帖子 #1202 ---
Bounced from daily fractal.

--- 帖子 #1203 ---
Hi guys;

can anyone be kind enough to post the System III pdf again as the one previously posted does not open and give a message that the file is corrupted and could not be fixed.

Thanks a lot in advance;

Seb

--- 帖子 #1204 ---
it's working for me, try this.

--- 帖子 #1205 ---
Hi everyone,

Anybody have some news about feb here?

--- 帖子 #1206 ---
Hi simpleguy; your file is working, million thanks for your help.

See u around;

Seb

--- 帖子 #1207 ---
Morning, traders!

Here is my current short trade. I use 4239 area as a reference for my short trade, because it was an exhausting area yesterday for the market...

I want to post my trades here at this thread becuase I want to keep this thread alive! This is a true diamond among of many others threads...

Good luck to you!

--- 帖子 #1208 ---
Bail out... not going to my side.

--- 帖子 #1209 ---
another trade short... possible bounce off 50-level.

--- 帖子 #1210 ---
take profit hit...

--- 帖子 #1211 ---
Hi dim4ik42;

thanks for posting your trades and keeping this thread alive. This just so you know that your posts are being read and your trades monitored.

Seb

--- 帖子 #1212 ---
Hello traders!

Here is my current long trade.

Hope it will make some dough for me...   lol

Good luck!

P.S. - remember feb's words - "The idea is for you guys to start looking at the market as it is...a  big-ass auction where price is the only consideration invloved."

--- 帖子 #1213 ---
TP hit....

--- 帖子 #1214 ---
Hi there, I like this thread.

I trade off pivots, round numbers, and s&r mainly on the lower t/fs and have a desire to move up to the H4/dailys to save PC time.

Its taken me a long time to get this far but ive made a lot of progress this this year.

Its been hard to avoid indys as many have been thrown my way but ive always believed that "price action" off a naked chart is the future for me and what I want to do. Hell I enjoy it and want to master it.

I have seen an indy based PA method which works along the same lines, but im determined to trade without the indicators such is my want.

I have read through most of System 11 and this one and it suits my style. I have also see more opportunities arise, ie the breakout.

This now means that if

a) price fails/holds at the pivot or other key area I can trade off this

or

b) if a key level is breached I can take the breakout.

Ive attached couple of charts that show some interesting levels and how they, piviots in particular are obeyed.

Cheers

ST

--- 帖子 #1215 ---
This is pretty much what I am looking for this morning 11/28/2011.

1.3350 area is holding - let's see what happens..

--- 帖子 #1216 ---
New York session is coming. My favorite trade will be a breakout short with a small pullback on five minutes. Short has more room to go than long for sure...but hey, that's my biased opinion.

--- 帖子 #1217 ---
If I get short - I prefer anything below 1.3340 - probably 1.3335 -

--- 帖子 #1218 ---
Normally, I am heavy-loaded at the beginning of the week. Then I ease the load as the week goes....Like I said "normally" There will be some exceptions.

--- 帖子 #1219 ---
long @61 - looking for 97

--- 帖子 #1220 ---
Possible outcomes of this trade

1) get stopped - looking for short

2) Get to 1.3397 yeah some pips shy below the level for obvious reasons.

3) Get to 97 and the short all the way back - sweet.

--- 帖子 #1221 ---
I am going to short 97 if the market gets there.

--- 帖子 #1222 ---
I am out @89. I was looking for 97 but that's life you know.....

--- 帖子 #1223 ---
The reason I pulled out was ....let's see......One of them is beyond the scope of this thread(not to fill your head with too much stuff) but I knew that the market was about to do a tricky stuff @90. I am still looking to short as close as possible to the level.

--- 帖子 #1224 ---
we're getting close......let's see what happens....

--- 帖子 #1225 ---
Definitely some sharks punching orders short@88-89 level... - Let's see if the market turns in there..Heavy loads coming from currency futures....I will see some killings there for sure....

--- 帖子 #1226 ---
short@85 If I lose this trade I will be in profit land anyway....I am looking down to 54.... If you missed the bus, still can play on a pullback up to 85......

--- 帖子 #1227 ---
A pile of shorts orders @81 many of them coming from futures...lets see how it goes.....I am still short.

--- 帖子 #1228 ---
move the stop to B/E + 1 for the landlord - whatever happens I am on a free ride now + the profit I made earlier....

--- 帖子 #1229 ---
First trade - full loaded - second trade 1/2 load....Still have room for some trades unfortunately I have a doc's appointment today.

--- 帖子 #1230 ---
Target reached @54 (yawwwwwnnnn!)

Look at the charts - pretty much summarize my trades for today....

Now I am out to ride my bike for around 15 minutes....take a shower and go to the doc's office....

Thanks to the currency futures traders for so many short orders at 81 hahahahaha...oh boy I hope I don't piss any floor traders here!!!

ah! I forgot...the sharks punching orders short @ 90 slaughtering bulls like there's no tomorrow.. Be a shark is a nice profession by the way. I was there once..

I'll be on my android in case you have any questions.

Good Karma...

--- 帖子 #1231 ---
Hey FEB

WELL DONE - GOOD LUCK AT DOC

In at 82 out at 62 on EUR - also had Chief and Loony both for 20

--- 帖子 #1232 ---
Dear Feb!

It was so nice!!!!!

As learning process I was following you in these two trades to get better feeling of the market  and of the price. I just switched off my brain, and was following the leader - price. It was like a swimming in the fast river. Great feeling! thank you for this!

Good luck to you at Doc!

Take care!!!!

--- 帖子 #1233 ---
Remember guys - levels don't necessary hold like today There's something I got written somewhere at this thread.

--- 帖子 #1234 ---
Thanks..

Looney is a great market to trade...as well as aussie!!

--- 帖子 #1235 ---
Keep at it brother!! Next year will be awesome! If you polish your trading skills like now you'll be the next zillionaire of Ukarine!!  and you'll fly me over for a celebration hahahahahaha.....just kidding...

--- 帖子 #1236 ---
In case you got stopped - here's what you should do.....look at the charts....

--- 帖子 #1237 ---
In the case above, personally I wouldn't take that trade on the breakout - but some people do and here's the reason why you have sharks waiting at these levels..

--- 帖子 #1238 ---
If you see a breakout...always wait for a pullback - that's a golden rule...don't go crazy...

--- 帖子 #1239 ---
I would keep learning to trade as much as possible! To become succesful trader is what I want from all my heart for many years already... i should say - about 6 years now. Early I have read a lot of books etc. even come to some courses. But after them all I was even more in the dark what the trading is about.... lol    I think - usual story.

After I find your thread "System I" - it was clear for me - this is WHAT I AM LOOKING FOR! Trading like auction..... After that i step by step grasped the concept of supporit and resistance, or supply and demand. Now I am learning how to "surfing" at these natural market's waves, when the market is moving from one corner to the other....

I wait WITH GREAT INTEREST for that seminars about which you was talking some days ago... May be after them I would be able to read market properly, and swim on it's waves....

THANK YOU, Master for your teaching!!!!!!

Take care! Wish you all the best!

--- 帖子 #1240 ---
i took this long trade just in case... but with very low load.

Hope I was able to recognize changing of the market forces'...

My first target would 3347....  I would observe the market there.

--- 帖子 #1241 ---
don't set your targets at the level line - have an offset.....sharks are always present at levels......5-10 pips is a good average....

--- 帖子 #1242 ---
Be aware that's 2:48 PM EST - Currencies tend to stall after 2 PM - Don't pull off!! just let the trade takes it's course....just for you to know in case you see momentum going dry....

--- 帖子 #1243 ---
Feb,

I have been reading your journal for the past couple of days, so i guess i am lucky to have joined in the discussions as you come back to us here at FF, it seems you were missed by alot of people!

Anyhow, i have been learning by your charts of mainly support/resistance plotting, i came to this thread this morning but nothing new was posted, so i went about plotting the levels as i thought you would have, came back this evening and delighted to see that when i compare your charts to mine, i had the levels spot on!

Its only 1 days proof, but your teaching has helped me greatly, i will post a graph or 2 in the upcomming days to see if i am still on the right tracks,

thanks again! rob

--- 帖子 #1244 ---
Welcome to the club!

--- 帖子 #1245 ---
this is how my trade looks like now.... stop-loss and profit target adjusted.

--- 帖子 #1246 ---
You would probably have another test of support - the market is up for grabs now...liquidity is thin...

--- 帖子 #1247 ---
Do not think I am stupid....lol... but...

after I bail out on the second test long trade with some pips... i took this short based on the double top... and double failure..

As i understand that now is not time for good moving of price I took it wi just 0.10$ per pip.... Just that I would like "to grasp better" the concept... I feel like I get it now.... I feel so good about this feeling!!!!!!!!!!

--- 帖子 #1248 ---
I was looking at it and I knew bulls were running out of gas....anyway you did good brother! I expect some sort of struggle at support but...again...liquidity is an issue unless our future friends  dump some euros....who knows...

--- 帖子 #1249 ---
closed with 5 profitable pips... as I see now - too early.

You can't imagine HOW GREAT FEELING is now for me... I just can't stop myself to trade... lol

I knew after reading some of your materials about support-resistance/ supply-demand, but was struggling how to enter-exit these trades.... Now after your explaining I think it "click" in my head... Of course - still so lot to learn about time of the day... liquidity... better to master skill to read the price etc.... But at least - I feel I can understand somehing for now.

Thank you for this!

--- 帖子 #1250 ---
Morning, traders!

I took this short based on the rejection on the resistance level. Although I would like my profit target would be the next level (support below), I would trail my stop loss to BE after price reach somewhere around 3335, because there could be some minor reactions, or may be there would be true rejection and reversal. I show the current level with arrows.

--- 帖子 #1251 ---
That's interesting, I took a very similar short from a daily chart but I'm targeting a few hundred pips. If 1.32 breaks we could be in for a good drop.

--- 帖子 #1252 ---
This works nicely on dailies too, here are some of my current trades. Sorry this is after the event, I just found the thread.

--- 帖子 #1253 ---
Out BE... do not like this move against me.

--- 帖子 #1254 ---
Here's a fresh one. Usdjpy. Only needs a 50 pip stop and should be 200 pips in it if it continues, maybe more?

--- 帖子 #1255 ---
as I miss the move down at London open I went to 5 min chart to trade long this rejection... Just to make some pips in case it would go up.

--- 帖子 #1256 ---
It is very hard but MUST to sit in your trade while it is maturing... The marke t is like thinking to goes that way or not.... ouh!...

EDIT: 0ut -6 pips

--- 帖子 #1257 ---
To be or not to be... ???

Another try for the london session.. Breakout trade like feb told yesterday. entering after  "breakout+pullback" scheme. Target - next level.

EDIT: 0ut -4... the trade was not going my way

--- 帖子 #1258 ---
Last trade for London session... after that - will have rest till New York...

Let's hope it would hit profit target order lol...

EDIT: Closed the trade 3364 with good enough profit to cover all today losses and some +%

The move begins from reversal of opposite move at the Support or Resistance area - this is how I understand the core of System III.

--- 帖子 #1259 ---
Just read the edit. I was going to say it is touching that daily trendline again so go careful. Enjoy your rest, see you around NY open.

--- 帖子 #1260 ---
Thank you!

Will see around NY open.

--- 帖子 #1261 ---
Look at those three arrows some days ago at rejections which have formed this current level...

Something interesting is cooking.

--- 帖子 #1262 ---
Sell at rejection... couldn't resist this...

--- 帖子 #1263 ---
New levels formed overnight. 5 minutes charts. Would be nice to see a re-test of resistance. Let's see....

--- 帖子 #1264 ---
Good morning, Master!

My current short is going well i should say... well - will see how it goes.

--- 帖子 #1265 ---
Nice trade!

--- 帖子 #1266 ---
Thank you, sir!

Now I have to create a skill to sitting tight and not pulling off this short position. It looks like there is a lot of room to go for it... Do not want to bail out with little profit....   Ah! To exit properly is no easier than entry by itself...

--- 帖子 #1267 ---
Price is close to my pforit target. let's see

EDIT:  Target hit!

--- 帖子 #1268 ---
a rundown of 81 pips!  Congrtats to Dim and whoever took that trade.....I didn't as I am kinda busy preparing a seminar for a group of five I am giving out today....

--- 帖子 #1269 ---
I am looking to go long @3308....but I see the market stalling a@ 3333...well who knows....

--- 帖子 #1270 ---
Remember

when I mention

I am looking to go long/short @ xxx price - could be anywhere near that price.....I look for levels...areas where the market stalls...

--- 帖子 #1271 ---
I have my eyes on 3312 - last 5 minutes spike up......You should have a line in there...

--- 帖子 #1272 ---
Could not sleep and started early.

Took the EUR short at red line - stop was brown line and trailed stop after the bust of + 20 down to 37 - green line -

Heck I may be done for the day.

My charts are set on the 5 minute TF and I only trade Euro, Swissy or Chief, Aussie and Loony.

I really relish FEB's work and enjoy his comments - so I am watching here on System III - the only thread I am watching

--- 帖子 #1273 ---
was a nice trade!  Dim took it earlier. I spotted the "new" level but I am busy  putting some material together. If you want to get back for another trade, my suggestion is to lower your load just in case. I would go with 1/2 of load. If you feel you're done for the day...that's fine....This is where you're a master of your domain LOL!!!

A nice feeling when you know what your're doing isn't?

--- 帖子 #1274 ---
I feel sorry for the poor fellows still looking at stop and-go signs to tell them what to trade. "If the stochs and the semafors and the x moving average are down then you take a trade"....oh Lord!!

--- 帖子 #1275 ---
I wouldn't take that trade long......But I would like for someone to tell me why....it's easy...

--- 帖子 #1276 ---
I would not take this long trade because we have not tested a support level and rejected from there.

And by my count we could have one more push down

--- 帖子 #1277 ---
Yes. Besides, I bet the market is looking at resistance but at the same time they're looking at the rundown we had this morning. Actually as you said, at this very moment the market is re-testing support....mmmmm  Interesting.

--- 帖子 #1278 ---
By rejection I look for a parabolic or sine wave type move off of a support and then take the long

I usually know it when I see it. And have pending order waiting.

--- 帖子 #1279 ---
sitting on my hands....

--- 帖子 #1280 ---
I see some bulls pushing up at the floor (futures) But I am not that convinced....yet....I want to go long anyway...

--- 帖子 #1281 ---
long trade@ 51 (pending order) move to B/E when it gets to 90. Stop-loss 3327 - limit....3395

If we get a breakout I will cancel my pending order...

--- 帖子 #1282 ---
I have a feeling there will be a slaughtering on that breakout....just a felling you know....

--- 帖子 #1283 ---
Feb, Dim and all other members of the group

This is how my 5 min chart is looking, the black lines are what i would class as the more major support and resistance levels (or the outter ones)

and the blue lines and the minor (or innner) S/R levels

If anyone could just check and see if i seem to be plottin them right?

Also a question, would you suggest i plot the s/r lines based on the tail of the candle or the body of the candles

Thanks rob.

--- 帖子 #1284 ---
You're spot on brother!

always use the tail of the candle - it's the last price traded...

--- 帖子 #1285 ---
i will try to answer.. at first I remember feb told some days ago - do not pay attention on the candles and wicks plotting levels... Think about them like about price...

So - where the end of candle (and of wick) is (the very high, or the very low of candle/bar) - there is a level.. and - level as more like a price area... not exact price. So - 2 -3 pips may be would not matter. Just my humble opinion.

And I do not think about major or minor levels... just levels for small swings (like for 1,5, 15 min. charts), and for more bigger swings (like for 30 min, 1, 4 hr charts etc.)... Of corse - between bigger swings there could be more areas to go.. Etc...  Again - just my humble opinion.

Hope it helps.

--- 帖子 #1286 ---
looking@ 3315

--- 帖子 #1287 ---
No short at 32 - Sitting on hands

Yes - looking what is going to happen at 14 - by my feed.

--- 帖子 #1288 ---
looks like market is heading to 3308 area

--- 帖子 #1289 ---
3305 area is holding...sitting on my hands....

--- 帖子 #1290 ---
I placed a temporary level @ 3305 just in case......just temporary....The market will be on a rocky mode today......we need some bulls.......

--- 帖子 #1291 ---
looking @ 94 83 area....still sitting on my hands...

--- 帖子 #1292 ---
Wave Trader,

what is the indicator on your chart?

--- 帖子 #1293 ---
long@ 3321 - stop @3280 - target 3383.....let's see what happens...

--- 帖子 #1294 ---
Moldsz

I do not use indicators - I use:

Today's High and Low Lines - Yesterday's High and Low Lines

A Red Line - A Green Line - A Brown line and sometimes a Blue Line

but I think you are refferring to the yellow squares behind the candles.

Those are Pyrapoint Squares - My charting service provides them and they are a part of the Line Tools

You can search engine Pyrapoint - Don Hall - Square of 9 - GANN

I have developed my use for them in my own way and not for this thread.

One should have mastered FEB's work prior to looking to tweak any additional stuff

--- 帖子 #1295 ---
Dear feb!

Please, do not bash me hard... if I do something wrong - tell me honestly...

I did not went long at previous opportunity (was a little busy), but went short now at the setup I spot at charts...

here is chart:

--- 帖子 #1296 ---
The trade was a late one - still can work.

Means the liquidity stalls but there's still room for trading

USD pairs runs on high gear from 2:00 AM EST to 10-11 AM EST - after that liquidity stalls. Need more patience if you have a trade working like I do now.

I have a long trade still working but the market is up for grabs. I trail my stop so the risk now is minimal.

--- 帖子 #1297 ---
Currency futures have some weight on the dollar lately. Last time I check their volume was around 60 billion dollars traded per day. Not a whole lot but I suspect banks hide behind that curtain. If they're trading multiple markets, expect to see some runs in the afternoon at dollar pairs....

--- 帖子 #1298 ---
Thank you for advice!

I was thinking that at higher time frame like 30 min., 1 and 4 hrs, daily, the time of the day (session open etc.) has less impact than if i would trade at 5 min.charts... Of course I know - if I would take trade on 1 hr. TF, but it would be near Sydney open (for example) I would need more patience to wait for the trade to mature...

--- 帖子 #1299 ---
I would like to take short (if the market will show its hands) at the 3372 area...

I am not sure - do not know exactly - is it good idea to take such a trade and wait for result as long as it would need to wait. i mean - If it will go for 3 or 5 hours - I am ready to wait....

So... at least I would try.

--- 帖子 #1300 ---
to be or not to be...

I went short. I am ready to wait as much as it would need for the trade to work.

--- 帖子 #1301 ---
hello feb

What do you think about roundnumbers? for me it is like Support and Resistance too.

thanks in advance

--- 帖子 #1302 ---
Round numbers are shark infested waters. Sometimes they work, sometimes they don't. Don't dwell too much in that.

--- 帖子 #1303 ---
Hello traders!

I am looking to trade this breakout down.

Look at 30 min to see levels, and on 5 min to see the pullback after the breakout before taking the trade down.

Hope I got the feb's lesson some day ago about trading breakouts after pullback. So - let's see what happends.

--- 帖子 #1304 ---
I am in... let's what happens

My stop-loss is 3298 profit target - around 3220

--- 帖子 #1305 ---
Market is making a coil at the level... will wait till it would chose direction eventually. Hope it would be down lol.

EDIT: - stopped out.

--- 帖子 #1306 ---
short trade based on today's previous rejection...

EDIT: target hit.

--- 帖子 #1307 ---
This is what I am looking right now...

Dim, congrats on your trade..

--- 帖子 #1308 ---
Good morning, Master!

This is thanks to you that I now am able to recognize and to exploit these robust setups! I have the feeling that I step by step grasp this concept!!!

... I love this style so much!

--- 帖子 #1309 ---
No problem buddy!

--- 帖子 #1310 ---
spread on my side is 2.9 pips!!

--- 帖子 #1311 ---
... what a big 30min. candle - 208 pips!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

--- 帖子 #1312 ---
I don't have my ear on the ground ....There was and ADP report coming out @ 8:15......

Oanda spreads are fluctuating too high for my taste!

--- 帖子 #1313 ---
Level I am watching now.....at least my spread is too high for my taste.

--- 帖子 #1314 ---
Oh I forgot - keep an eye on 1.3567....Now we had a breakout - let's see what happens....

--- 帖子 #1315 ---
Sorry guys I am kinda busy I forgot to post my trade.

I am short @3478 looking for 3417 - stop now trailed to 3512.

I cut the trade @40 - not enough liquidity for a push down....Anyway I bank some pips....

--- 帖子 #1316 ---
buy at 34276 on eurusd tp one 1.34900 or tp two 1.36000

--- 帖子 #1317 ---
Hi ! Feb, I think you said somewhere that you look at intermarket analysis, right ? If so do you look at the big contracts like ES, ZN and ZB, CL, GC... ? Still following what you're saying here even if I'm more looking for fractals at daily charts. Have fun

--- 帖子 #1318 ---
Yes I do. That's something I teach.

--- 帖子 #1319 ---
My current short trade.

EDIT: out BE

--- 帖子 #1320 ---
Morning all,

thanks for replies the other day feb and dim,

Just another quick question, how do you decide on your TP and SL, im guessing take profit would be slightly before the next level of support/resistance?

Any help appreciated

--- 帖子 #1321 ---
Hello!

I would try to help you.

see - SL and TP just have to be not at exactly levels area.

What I mean - imagine your trade is short, based on rejection off resistance level. So - you wait for the market show its hands (a little bounce off leve, or start of bounce off level) and go short. Your entery would be a little lower than level. And your SL would be a little higher than that level. I mean - you give some distance to it, some room (you could measuring it this way - the market shouldn't stop you if it makes just 2 or 5 pips move against you), the better choice would be not to make hard rule how much pips it shoould be.... just by looking at chart you will make decision to place it 8 pips above the levelfor example, or 15 pips if the swings are wider.

SL is about price level. Not about candles formations, dodjis etc.

About TP - you should place it not exactly at next level, but a little above it (remember we talk about short trade here, and your take profit would be at support level, above it).

Hope it helps.

--- 帖子 #1322 ---
Look at these two pictures...

Do you remeber that move high (aka trend up) is higher highs + higher lows?

Do you remeber that move down (aka trend down) is lower lows + lower highs?

So... look at first chart (30 min.)

There you have res. level - 3468, and sup. level - 3421. Levels are pretty close to each other, so it is a little tough to identify the moves between these levels. White lines up and down shows directions of price between levels.

Now look at the second chart (5 min.)

The same res./sup. levels, but in a more "zoomed" mode. Here you see the price action more clear. Here you can see "flow", and go with the flow.

Again - do you see thoses higher highs + higher lows and lower lows + lower highs???????? They are pretty clear at 5 min chart. Yeah?

The white lines up and down are the same like at 30 min. chart. But here they have more sence, right?

At second chart (5 min.) I think it is more relaxed to see rhytm of those moves thorough up and dpwn candles, their bodies, wicks etc....

Hope it helps!

--- 帖子 #1323 ---
Now...

look at these two charts.

The blue areas at first chart (5 min.) are exactly areas of entry-exit. At first - they are in areas of Support-Resistance levels. At second, if you remember what higher highs + higher lows and lower lows + lower highs is - then you should easy to see (and to feel of corse) where the move "aka trend" begins to change its direction and starts to go other way.

So - you spot these pivotal points and take your trades off them.

At second chart (30 min.) you can see how these points looks like in the bigger picture.

Master. I hope I understand all this right in order to explain for newbies?

I could be wrong of course, but this is how I see and understand this for now.

Thank you!

--- 帖子 #1324 ---
Yep thats exactly what i was looking for  thankyou!

+ the charts helped also, i had a rough understanding of spotting the trends, but i always seem to spot them too late haha, your explanation has helped

--- 帖子 #1325 ---
here is my trade short...

Hope it will hit my target down...lol

--- 帖子 #1326 ---
we're going to have a rocky ride this morning!

--- 帖子 #1327 ---
How much are you guys usually in the trade for? for example will you risk 1% of account per trade, or varies each time?

regards, rob

--- 帖子 #1328 ---
All depends...1-2% average is a standard rule.

If I have a profitable day-week etc. and I see more opportunities for trading, I "normally" decrease my load. Always keep an eye on your bottom line.

--- 帖子 #1329 ---
Hi there,

first a big thankyou to Feb for this trading method. I am truly grateful for all your hard work. I'm a long time ff lurker but don't post too often as you can see but am hoping to share some charts with you guys going forward.

Please be gentle as I get used to this bt heres how I interpret things this am.

The 1st and 2nd arrows are my entry and exit of a trade I took this morning after reading this method over the past few days and I'm now out of the market. I'm thinking resistance/breakout at 1.3500 and new support at 1.3470?

Any thoughts?

Dave.

--- 帖子 #1330 ---
Heres my current demo trade,

sorry if my chart is a bit blured,

I appreciate since i decided to enter the demo trade the price has gone against me and through my stoploss, but i thought ide post the chart to see if i had made a fault for placing the trade?

The orange lines are my entry(mid line) stop loss and take profit, i have to mark this out manually as my demo broker is not linked to my data feed.

I thought the bar before my entry was a bounce of resistance

EDIT: i redeemed myself  took a nice 20 pip gain, going short on the resistance level the bar which took out my previous stoploss hit, i guess there is more than 20 pip to take out of that move, but a win is a win!

--- 帖子 #1331 ---
Dave.

I think 3460-65 looks better for support.

3500 has been crossed many times - I won't count on that level.

85 is holding - Report came out negative...

--- 帖子 #1332 ---
Guys

Be careful with reports/news etc. Especially when you have something at 8:30 and 10:00 like today.

--- 帖子 #1333 ---
Thanks for the feedback.

Currently short at 1.3511.

No doubt you can read this in an hour or so as I'm still a junior member and posts have to be moderated manually.

--- 帖子 #1334 ---
It's ok - your assessment  is good so far... 3511 short was a good trade definitely. They key is to become an expert spotting levels.

Keep and eye @80-85 area...I am sitting on my hands - ISM report is coming...

--- 帖子 #1335 ---
would be safe to trade after 10:30 AM. The big guns are in pause to see how the ISM comes out....

--- 帖子 #1336 ---
Let's see that level how is gonna play out.. Drawn off 15M chart

If I'll trade this.. I would put half load

all the best,

chriz

--- 帖子 #1337 ---
I have my eyes on 60-65 level...

--- 帖子 #1338 ---
70 is holding

--- 帖子 #1339 ---
breakout of 60.....still sitting on my hands.

--- 帖子 #1340 ---
Breakout of 60 on my feed, the candle looked like hit support on 54, should we be thinking about taking a long trade if it goes long

--- 帖子 #1341 ---
Gentlemen,

long in play @ 1.3465 .. let's see

all the best,

chriz

--- 帖子 #1342 ---
sell at 1.34707

--- 帖子 #1343 ---
I went long @76 - let's see if support holds...If I lose no biggie...I am in profit this week anyway. I might look for shorts below 56.....maybe....

--- 帖子 #1344 ---
my s/l @ 56

--- 帖子 #1345 ---
stopped @56

--- 帖子 #1346 ---
Good day!

I am short at 56

SL - 3479, TP - 3428

--- 帖子 #1347 ---
stopped out for 20 at 1.3450

--- 帖子 #1348 ---
Stopped out.

--- 帖子 #1349 ---
Stopped out on my long and my re-entry short.  Time to sit back and observe for a while. Good luck if you're still in.

--- 帖子 #1350 ---
Here's why you shouldn't trade breakouts blindly...

--- 帖子 #1351 ---
I did take that breakout only because I was thinking there was a breakout and pullback already. And i did enter like at follow-throug after pullback...

Now I see my levels understanding was  wrong.

--- 帖子 #1352 ---
I see a series of lower lows and lower highs on the 15 min, not sure if this is of relevance to the way we are trading but im thinking, short off the new resistance ive got at 1.3487

EDIT: SL moved to Break Even, got to go christmas shopping

--- 帖子 #1353 ---
Stopped out at BE

I'll be waiting for 1.3415 level for reload Long eventually..

Let the market comes to those levels..

all the best,

chriz

--- 帖子 #1354 ---
Currently short 1.3480. Am I right or wrong?

1st target 1.3425

--- 帖子 #1355 ---
forgot to say sl set to 1.3495. Could go either way. I'd really appreciate comments, critisism etc from some of the more experienced posters if you get chance. Would you have taken this trade based on the system 3 guidelines?

Thanks.

Dave.

--- 帖子 #1356 ---
Dave,

Im a newbie also, but i too took this trade (on my demo) 3 purple lines mark out entry sl and tp, i went short at 1.3478 and we have the same SL.

I traded it off the 5 min though, hopefully its a good thing that we both took it

It's still making higher lows and higher highs though so not sure if ive got a good feeling

EDIT : Ignor my Support line, it is a little rough (i didnt adjust it since this morning)

--- 帖子 #1357 ---
Good day!

Well. short looks right, but may be not in right time... - NFP comes, so we probably will have choppy market in hands now...

As for target - I think 53 area is more possible.... At least - it is first current support area.

Good luck!

--- 帖子 #1358 ---
I have to be honestly...

I took this trade too

--- 帖子 #1359 ---
Cheers guys,

If I followed my instinct I think I should be out at b/e on this one and wait until after nfp. I'm live but only 40p pip. I'm generally risking .5% per trade or thereabouts on this at the moment. Lets see which way it goes

--- 帖子 #1360 ---
If you're going to trade before the NFP - use lighter load and be aggressive with the stops...

--- 帖子 #1361 ---
Good morning, Master!

That's what I did...for learning purposes to spot pivotal points only I took that short with very-very low load... Right after price did not move lower after the close of that read candle i bail out... I took a chance - the trade did not go my way. No need to hold it.

--- 帖子 #1362 ---
Live and learn. Thanks Feb. Back to the drawing board and ready for the next trade.

--- 帖子 #1363 ---
For my stop loss I ignored the spike and SL was 1.3523 at brown line.

Entry at Red Line at 1.3508 and it just kept stepping down.

Out at Yesterdays Low at 1.3418 at Green Line - then went to breakfast

and look what it did zoomed down.

Everybody have a great weekend.

--- 帖子 #1364 ---
Morning, traders!

here is monday's morning levels. No much room between them to trade I think.

--- 帖子 #1365 ---
How about this level?

Looking to go short at this level.

--- 帖子 #1366 ---
I am short.

--- 帖子 #1367 ---
Right their with you.We need a break of 423 for a runner.

--- 帖子 #1368 ---
I bail out +1 pip... It seems now to me that we have another level in hand...

If it will go up - I would go long.

--- 帖子 #1369 ---
my long "bracket"

--- 帖子 #1370 ---
I'm now short @ 448,one of us must be right!

--- 帖子 #1371 ---
Well. - Yes! Everytime one of two is right

--- 帖子 #1372 ---
Here is my current pending "bracket"...

I did bail out previous long... i should say with a third of my initial risk.

--- 帖子 #1373 ---
short already... will see what happens

EDIT: closed with +13 pips

--- 帖子 #1374 ---
Current long trade...  went down to 5 min. chart to see picture more understandable.

--- 帖子 #1375 ---
ISM Report coming @10.00 AM -Market on hold waiting for the numbers.

--- 帖子 #1376 ---
Trying to get in my first trade BE + 3

--- 帖子 #1377 ---
OUT - 1.3477

--- 帖子 #1378 ---
OUT - 1.3473

--- 帖子 #1379 ---
Will it hit my target?

--- 帖子 #1380 ---
Look at the charts... at arrows

Market seems to coming to previous levels.

--- 帖子 #1381 ---
Levels for this morning... not much to do for sure.

--- 帖子 #1382 ---
would like to take short at the last arrow after he market shows its hands...

EDIT: - did not happen. Wait for another opportunity.

--- 帖子 #1383 ---
currently holding short trade...

--- 帖子 #1384 ---
My current short trade.

--- 帖子 #1385 ---
Hello traders!

Today's levels. 5 min charts view.

--- 帖子 #1386 ---
Waiting for this possible long trade - if it happens...

--- 帖子 #1387 ---
Morning traders,

Hope good weekend for all.

Entry Long EUR.USD at 1.3269 what i believe to be bounce on support at roughly 1.3255, hoping to trail my SL to BE asap within the next 10 minutes

EDIT : Out for B/E shortly after moving SL to previous bars low which was also my entry

Looking for a quick 10 pip resistance bounce after this trade created a new range.

--- 帖子 #1388 ---
Will take long if i see bounce off what should now be support line

--- 帖子 #1389 ---
Looking for short after bounce off new resistance level

--- 帖子 #1390 ---
Hello, traders!

here is my short trade still in working now... Let's see what happen.

--- 帖子 #1391 ---
Hi Dim,thought i contribute to this wonderful thread by Feb..

Just closed it for 4 pips..

--- 帖子 #1392 ---
I want to post some trades here from time to time in order to keep this beatiful, great thread alive.

This is short trade based on the 30 min.-charts levels. I post here two pictures in order for the people to see it in more lower TF picture.

--- 帖子 #1393 ---
Now I am in this short... spotting the level is my job, moving the price down is market's job.

EDIT: this trade is profitable.

Like feb2865 used to say - another boring trade. lol.

But for me personally it is still not so boring because every time I am in trade - every time I do learn how to trade.

--- 帖子 #1394 ---
Today's long trade. Hope - 3138 level area will hold the price.

EDIT:  - out. Loss.

--- 帖子 #1395 ---
Another possible area for long trades.

--- 帖子 #1396 ---
Well another long trade. We trade off pullbacks and rallies. Not off exactly levels.

EDIT: closed the trade with some profit at 3148 area, as I see this is more recent resistance.

--- 帖子 #1397 ---
Hello traders!

Today I had already 2 treades short, and right now I am in a long one.

The first arrow at chart is my first probe to short - ended almost BE for me, the second arrow is re-entery short - good for 1:1,5 R:R.

Now I am in a long trade.

P.S. - As I write this post - I bail out of that long one because trade reverse against me. But I would observe for possible re-entry.

--- 帖子 #1398 ---
Hello traders!

Here is my current long live trade...

Will see how it goes...

EDIT: - out BE

--- 帖子 #1399 ---
As you see price rejections happen everywhere on the charts, on the market, on any markets...

So - what you could do is just use these rejections in your favor. Look where price rejections happend before, trace a line in the future (level), and then just watch how the price reacts around these levels (we are looking for rejections in this case).

Good luck!

--- 帖子 #1400 ---
Dim,

First of all, well done for keeping this thread alive.

Secondly, what are your opinions about using support/resistance plotting indicators, i appreciate some of them wont include historic major S/R levels but on running a quick simulator in MT4 this indi seems to be okay at spotting decent levels.

This is the 'barry s+r indi' by the way

--- 帖子 #1401 ---
Hey Rob,

My two cents is that I don't like that.  I personally found that I did better when I drew the lines cause it helped me understand what is going on behind the chart and forced to make a choice on why a line belongs somewhere and what happen previously.  I don't trust trading off a computer line.

Like I said that's just my personal opinion of trading over the past couple of years.

Good luck!

--- 帖子 #1402 ---
Hi to all.

I have been trading full time for quite a few years and although I have always used price action as part of my analysis, I recently began to investigate naked trading. As a result of my research I happened upon Feb's original posts and quickly realized what a great trader and mentor he is.

My hat is off to you Feb.

I then proceeded to read every single post of system 1 then 2 and now 3.

To be jovial for a moment, you could almost make a film of the progression of Dim from novice trader under the direction of Grand Master Feb, through to his development into a Master in his own right.

The way he kept this thread alive during Feb's necessary absence and his detailed help and tuition to ARKAN (what happened to arkan?) is exemplary and inspirational.

I have gained a great deal of valuable information from reading all of these posts and I will try to be come a regular contributor to this thread - albeit that I prefer to trade in the higher time frames and have historically always traded sterling.

Finally, may I say a very big thank you to the producers of the various downloads that were kindly offered along the way in this (and S1 & S2) thread.

--- 帖子 #1403 ---
Hello!

Thank you for so kind post!

We will talk more later if you would like...

And now I want to show you another great thread of Nomoretoxic.

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=106489

this is pure price action thread too, and honestly - I would like to start trading this way with mini account.

--- 帖子 #1404 ---
Hi Dim,

Yes, I would be very happy to talk further with you.

I have read the thread that you suggested which is very interesting. I do not usually trade the smaller time frames, but I did set up the box and at early examination it does appear to offer a very simple way to trade.

Of course, break out trading is nothing new, but the nomoretoxic system rules together with the free indicator do give a simply way to gauge precise entry points.

I will play with it for a while in a demo account and would be pleased to swap notes. I do think that perhaps in an effort to keep this thread pure, we should discuss the breakout system in the other thread. Let me know what you think.

--- 帖子 #1405 ---
What would 'the box' breakout refer to, I would assume the box is a consolidation pattern, however on the highlighted area's of the graphs he has shown, I do not spot consolidation, thanks

--- 帖子 #1406 ---
Hi Robthorpe,

If you start at the beginning of the "nomoretoxic" thread there is an indicator that you can download. This indicator does "sort of" highlight consolidation, but is in fact simply set to a time period were volume is very low and so naturally, price will often appear to be in consolidation.

This does of course highlight a good time in which to watch for a breakout, and I do like the fact that the rules require one to wait for the "fake" which is all too common when watching for a breakout.

I am by no means an expert in nomoretoxic's methods, having only recently been introduced to the thread.

Perhaps Dim will be willing to answer you more comprehensively, as he is a little further forwards in the study of this method..

--- 帖子 #1407 ---
Thanks Mvtrader,

Also Dim, Feb, Mvtrader or anyone else,

Are there any support or resistance areas you find usefull to plot on your graph, currently I plot Daily Pivot, R1 and S1. Just wondered if anyone noticed anything i dont currently use,

Thanks Rob

--- 帖子 #1408 ---
The very best levels of S & R will always be the ones that you plot yourself, but a lot of traders find the camarilla indicator quite useful. You may want to cut out some of the levels - especially the extra fib levels (which this indicator allows you to do), but I suggest keeping in the break out and break out target levels.

This is a MetaQuotes indicator, but if you do not already have a copy of it you can download from below.

--- 帖子 #1409 ---
Yeah I am starting to become better at plotting/picking the strong levels of importance

Thanks for the indi, I have heard about camarilla but never gone into it, i think i will check it out!

Thanks, Rob

--- 帖子 #1410 ---
Very interesting indi.

--- 帖子 #1411 ---
I love the camarilla indi, use it quite a while, but i cant plot it

on the M1 chart only from M5 to higher.

System message:

camarilladt EURUSD,M1: zero divide

Does someone also receives this message?

And btw. is here a well going Daily Pivot Points Thread. Preferred M1

80 % of my trading is Pivot bases so i would be nice to see

some other people using pivot for daily business..

--- 帖子 #1412 ---
Hello Toranaga,

Generally the camarilladt indicator is not used on the lower time frames and so I doubt you will get it to work on a 1 min chart, but you can always manually plot the required levels from a higher time frame if you only or mostly use M1

I am afraid that this thread is no longer very active.

Good luck with your trading.

--- 帖子 #1413 ---
Hello traders!

Here are my charts with currently watching levels at 4hr. timeframe.

Once I see the market is ready to go up - I would buy off that level.

--- 帖子 #1414 ---
Long now...

let's see what happens

--- 帖子 #1415 ---
Hello traders!

Here is my view at current levels at 4hr charts. I would like to go long here if the buyers will go in top of bears.

By the way - my previous long trade was a profitable one. Of course it did not reach the profit target, but at least it was more than a BE trade. I mean - no much profit, just a little with trail stop, but not a loss trade lol.

So... charts:

--- 帖子 #1416 ---
Ok... here I post my current new short trade.

I feel like the market would bounce off this level... Well - who knows. We'll see. (But hope I would be lucky enough... lol )

In fact, as I understand trading - we should catch a move to make money. Stalling market would not give us money. We should spot unbalanced (moving) market to make money. So - what I do now is just I find the level (based on previous turning points), and then look if the market will reverseand bounce off that level. Why do i look for market reversal - to be the first in new direction move. Because the only way we could make money trading is if other people will do what we do but after we do (shorting after our short). In other words: if I would catch runner - I would make money. If there would be no runner there - I would bail out as quick as possible (to not loose many of my own money).

Hope - it helps.

EDIT: bail out at 3090 with little loss

Here is the charts:

--- 帖子 #1417 ---
Hello traders!

I want to post here my current long trade.

This trade is based only at S/R lines and PA.

Good luck!

--- 帖子 #1418 ---
Nice view!

Than higher TF - less noise

--- 帖子 #1419 ---
Unfortunately - this time it was losing trade. Let's wait for another opportunity.

--- 帖子 #1420 ---
Hello traders!

Took this trade this morning. (For me it is morning now in Ukraine).

--- 帖子 #1421 ---
Bail out this trade.

--- 帖子 #1422 ---
First of all i want to thank feb2865 for giving a true insight of the market. Thanks him im profitable,  now i see markets as an ATM 24/5 LOL ; what he says on this thread is pure gold so listen really carefull. Just by  trading price checking support and resistance  and a mentality of not getting anxious to enter a trade or to cut a winning trade fast  will change your way of playing this game. Just dont move your SL Or TP that you planned  and  everything will be fine ;D. Being said that ill show some trades i took today -- Sry for my bad english ;(

--- 帖子 #1423 ---
Hello traders!

Would like to post here my current short EUR/USD trade.

This trade is based on pullback off 1.3680 resistance area.

Initially SL was at 91. Then as trade was developing I moved it a little tighter to entry point as the market was going in my favor. Still it is not at BE so I still could loose at this trade, but the risk is reduced already.

EDIT: BE

--- 帖子 #1424 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1425 ---
Hello Feb!

It is nice to see you here again!

Thanks for new interesting chart!

If I get it right - here is how we should entry based on this picture.

The one where you write NO TRADE is because the pullback is too close to the possible target. In other words there is no room for trade.

Or because of the FOMC Meeting Minutes I think.

The last trade off resistance (possible short) is not good because of late time of the day. Low volatility.

--- 帖子 #1426 ---
And if I am not wrong the levels are coming from previous days.

Here is the chart (30 min).

--- 帖子 #1427 ---
If my view is right I could add to my previous posts something.

Your yellow arrows (or checks - I am not sure what right word is) I did mark with numbers.

So...

1 - lower low.

2 - higher high after double low.

3 - lower low.

4 - no breaking of previous little low 1.3638.

--- 帖子 #1428 ---
The "No Trade" area - I avoid this long -ass candles. Risk/reward is out of my reach, most of the time. Whenever you see a move like this, it's what we used to call on the floor "dumping money" institutional money for whatever the reason getting rid of dollars, like this case (long). In my case, let's say you have a bar of 40 pips long - you place your cover 2-5 pips short at the low of the bar - Shooting for 80-100 pips target, although is possible, is a long shot and your trade could get stranded due exhaustion. In other words, market could move 40 pips (1:1 RR) or even less, and reverse, who knows - the so called "overbought" "oversold" concept, something ambiguous but yes, there's market exhaustion sometimes. The time of the day it's another factor. You need the measure how long volatility will take your trade to profitland, or lose.

RR: is not only about how much your're risking but what are the chances of your trade to develop under normal market conditions.

About the last trade, I personally took it and as we speak, I close it in profit. This requires another mindset, to be honest - normally I'll do it with light load and another set of rules.

There's two situations that, you will always find on any markets, at any timeframe- Areas of support and resistance and fractals - V Formations - Fractals are more risky, as you don't have validation of the market for the reversal, like support and resistance. Therefore, what I do is to wait a bit more to see a push up/down or maybe a pullback.

That's pretty much the charts in a nutshell - all in trading should be mechanical - you pull the charts, check the market - you're trade is there? take it...is not?, then don't Trading is boring, it's just a job you do.

I prefer, sitting on my couch, a glass of merlot, some fine cheese and ham, and watch the worldcup ....ahhh those damm germans!!! heheheheehehe...

--- 帖子 #1429 ---
Good day, Feb!

Thank you for explanations!

So - if I get it right - fractals (V) without support and resistance - are more risky.

Fractals (V) in combination with support and resistance - are more likely (at least with validation of the market).

And what a trader should do is just to work out some set of mechanical rules and just wait for these setups. Like for instance - "I would short the market only if I see the up move which stops in area of resistance and then first push down, and after the first pullback I'll goshort".... Right?

Thank you in advance!

--- 帖子 #1430 ---
May be we would have another V formation at support are here (the last arrow)

--- 帖子 #1431 ---
Exactly Dim!

In kindergarden words - for the newbies - market is pushing up but returning from several common areas in the charts - the "experts" call that "Resistance".....again children how is that call?" ..."RESISTANCE" market is pushing down but returning from several common areas in the charts - the "experts" call that? "Support".....again children how is that call?" "SUPPORT" -

Validation consist on many times the market has reached a point and fail to continue...

Fractals - normally reversals consisting of 1-2 bars turning the other side - kinda big normally there's a third bar involved and looks like a V formation....again children how is that call?..."FRACTALS"

You place your stop-loss at the other side of the move - away from last market price to minimize a fakeout.... I dunno maybe 5 -10 pips would be reasonable.....if you choose for 10 pips. profit target must be 22 pips - remember we need to pay the landlord (1-2 pips)..that is 2:1 RR for every dollar you put at risk you get 2 in return...

A hint of experience coming from an old fuck like me - yes, let the market show the hands - wait - see a path of resistance/support,a fractal.... wait for a push on that direction - maybe 1 bar going...maybe a pullback ...then you trade....maybe a bit late but risk are greatly minimized....

Trading takes.....creativity....you see me using words as "maybe" a lot...because it is like that....

There you go......for you my dear friend DIMM...and for everyone else....you don't need to be so complicated. stop buying shit like"The secret formula of trading" ...or "Forex for newbies" "how to be rich in trading"or any stuff like that.......here you go, have it for free, copy and paste, have it printed in your desk somewhere, READ IT EVERYTIME YOU TRADE" and go ahead and make a living.....

--- 帖子 #1432 ---
Am I too late for learning with you, Feb, and the others around here?

I started a month or so ago in Forex, and read some of your System II and Journal, but ended up here...

Trying to read everything I can!!

--- 帖子 #1433 ---
great stuff Feb


===== 附件下载链接 =====

#KG Support and Resistance.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/428249?d=1267295140
Support and Resistance (FEB).mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/428265?d=1267302166
Alerter4U.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/442784?d=1268957375
The System III.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/531515?d=1282637255
The System III.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/662158?d=1300279002
camarilladt.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/905763?d=1330081491
