===== 帖子内容 =====

--- 帖子 #1 ---
Welcome to our blog: Equilibrium, is a key to success

Attached Image

Hello dear trader,

70% of the courses take place in the Equilibrium, hence the title: Equilibrium, the key to success. I warmly welcome you to our block and I am pleased that you are interested in this information.

I started my apprenticeship in financial services for banking, equity and investment fund 30 years ago. After the FX charts, I had my first experience with the MT4 on Windows XP in 2006, which was still subject to a fee. From 2010 I concentrated almost exclusively on the Forex market and after the ESMA regulation I registered as a professional trader. I’m among the 4% of professional Forex traders in Europe, who can trade up to 400 with a lever and at the same time I have extremely good protection in the event of an uncontrolled breakout. I initially worked exclusively with Forex data (supply and demand) for many years by trading the short movements within an equilibrium. The the tick charts are the reason, that I looked more closely at the stock market data and found, that this data has a similar structure. In the past year, this resulted in some projects. I compared different providers of stock market data, got closer to the high-frequency trading / big players and looked for suitable software that was able to translate the stock market data according to my specifications. Today I trade almost exclusively with the information of the stock exchange data in the forex market.

You will find many good auxiliary indicators for the MT4 here, some of which I developed and programmed myself. You will also receive specific information about the footprint chart, volume chart, market profile, the DOM and the times and sales list. If you want to be successful in this market in the long term, you have to take a closer look at how the big players work. A price does not change because a moving average has crossed, an RSI is overbought or a fibozone has been reached, but because market orders meet the limit orders. The big players determine the market and they pursue a goal. This goal can only be recognized if you know what they are up to.

I have been concentrating on stock market data for two years, so the volume with bid and ask and especially liquidity has become the focus of my attention. The pure candles or price information give us traders an incorrect picture of the market, because a strong bullish candle does not necessarily mean that someone is buying the euro to push the price further up. Once a big player sells their dollars after a downtrend, a strong bullish candle may also emerge. However, this cannot be seen from the pure candle representation in Forex.

Many years ago I thought that with the pure candle chart I would be able to determine trends and resistance zones. Through the exact analysis of the futures data with my prop software, I came to the conclusion that there are actually no trends and no real resistance zones. The resistance zones that we see are initiated by the big players to deceive us and alleged trends are there to mislead dump money.

However, this was a development over 2 years, which you can read about in this blog. Two years ago I started a kind of trader's diary in this forum, with the requirement to document my further development exactly. In this blog you will not find a specific system, but many creative ideas with which you can create an individual setup for yourself. Among other things, I describe exactly what the forex data have in common with the futures data. A key point is the way big players work. They alone determine the market and you will see why they will always find your stops.

This blog is structured like a book in chronological order and deals with the subject of supply and demand, trading in equilibrium and data in the futures market. I am convinced that you can use some ideas, but I recommend that you work through this blog from the beginning. While this takes around 20 hours, a crucial idea you find can potentially change everything

Within these topics, 10 projects have been created so far

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

1. Trend of supply and demand

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

2. Bioniccandle-The effective new candle

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

3. Dashboard - The help in daily trading

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

4. High frequency trader in action

Attached Image

5. Tickchart- The Lot, the only reason of price movement

Inserted Video

We are currently working on our tenth and most complex project. It is about combining the advantages of the futures market with the advantages of the interbank market.

Respect, decency and mutual fairness are the basis of this blog. This is exactly what we can all be proud of and I am sure that with these virtues we can achieve the success we all want. The markets change daily and those who stop developing in this profession are quickly overwhelmed by the market. Further development together with like-minded people is my only intention in this blog.

I look forward to a great collaboration.

best regards

Michael

The Equilibrium, a key to success!

Supply, demand and market balance form the basis of microeconomics. Take only 20 minutes and watch two videos.

Inserted Video

This example with apples shows our market situation. It's always about finding the best price, and the best price is always in balance. Here in the Forex market, there is a crucial difference to the example shown in the video.

Inserted Video

Every trader can sometimes act as a seller and sometimes as a buyer. And that is a very special opportunity. But I have to understand the connection between supply and demand. If I can determine the equilibrium on the basis of the Kurtselle, I turned the future probability in my favor.

For some years now, I've stopped by at Forex Factory and was always excited about the great contributions. Interesting opinions, charts and indicators should help to support the private trader. In this shark tank the forex market is turbulent. The beginners have a hard time. Just think about football once. If you want to learn football, you can start in a youth team and play up to the NFL.

In the Forex market, there is no beginner market, because the beginner plays against the biggest professionals in the world. And how that ends, everyone can think.

Well, if there are such platforms as Forex Factory, where traders from all over the world come together to face the biggest traders in the world. Of course, every trader is the competitor to the other, but you help each other out.

When trading, there are many keys to success. In my first post I want to show you a key to success. I do not want to discuss with you the meaning or nonsense of this key, but about the implementation to success. If the post is of any use to you, use the information, otherwise forget it again.

I do not claim that this key is the master key that always works.

This key works without indicators for all traders (of course only those who want to) in all time units.

The key "Equilibrium"

1. The price is determined by supply and demand in each market.

2. Any influence on the price will be returned from the price

3. Before the price moves up or down, a balance between supply and demand creates a balance.

4. If this balance is disturbed, the price moves in the direction of supply or in the direction of demand.

5. The price moves as long as supply or demand until there is a balance again. Then the whole thing starts from the beginning.

Most candles are where there is a balance. We do not want to trade there, because the price is not moving very much. So we have to act when there is no balance.

There are 3 different states in the market.

1. Offer outweighs the demand = price drops

2. Demand outweighs the offer = price rises

3. Supply and demand are balanced

According to the sellers the offer (short) there, while the buyers represent the demand (long).

1. Offer = Seller (short)

2. Request = Buyer (long)

The quantity available on the market represents the supply, the demand is the quantity that the buyer would like to purchase.

If you shop at the weekly market, do you want to pay $ 6 or 4 $ for 4 lbs tomatoes? Of course, only $ 4. So, assuming the product has the same quality, you will buy from the dealer, who only charges $ 4 for the tomatoes. Thus, the demand will be greater at the cheaper dealer than at the expensive dealer.

So what does the trader who sells the tomatoes for $ 6 / lbs do? For now, he only needs to sell 66% as much as his competitor to earn the same. Or he waits until the competitor has no more tomatoes, then sells his tomatoes for $ 6 / lb and earns 50% more. In the worst case, he has to go down with the price. These competing factors (supply and demand) meet each other in all markets and regulate the price.

In the stock market environment, the price strives to find a so-called equilibrium. At that moment, buyers and sellers are equally satisfied until an imbalance rebalances in favor of supply or demand. Then the prices rise or fall again.

But even if you can accurately identify supply and demand, you will not get on with it. Decisive are the zones where the supply outweighs the demand or the demand the supply.

Known as resistance or support.

These reversal points, which often have an increased volume, must be recognized.

There are many ways to work with resistance and support lines, I myself work only with horizontal lines, because I have the best experience.

Option A: Confirmation of resistance or support

If you have drawn resistance and support lines in the chart, look how the price is there. A later entry will often save you from big losses, but you will get into a less favorable course and minimize your potential profit. Important: the highest possible risk-reward ratio.

Option B: Enter without confirmation

You are sure how the course will behave at your indicated resistance or support line and will board immediately without waiting for a confirmation. If your expectation works out, you are at a bargain price, improving the chance-risk ratio. If the trade unfolds to your disadvantage, you need to get out early to protect yourself from major losses.

Identification of the equilibrium

The big problem with the candles in the chart is the period in which they are formed. Surely you know the candlestick formations like hammer, doji, engulfing, etc. Sometimes you work, but often not. This is due to the temporal composition of the candles. Candle formations in a certain time frame are therefore just a mere random product of the time, the broker and the dealer. If you change the time frame in which the candles are formed, so would the candles and their formations change. The doji is now a normal candle with no indication of a course change.

Therefore one should work with different time units to identify a possible equilibrium. Many turning points can be identified by means of the Equilibrium, but not all. The price in the chart is always random and nobody can predict 100% of the turning points in the chart. It's not necessary with strategic money management either. Decisive is the payoff ratio and the expectancy.

You can often see these turning points in advance and use them to your advantage. You have to look at the past of the charts, because the big traders (elephants) leave their mark in the snow, which is easier to recognize than the tracks of the small traders (hares).

Another advantage is that you do not have to load your screen with unnecessary indicators. Although I work with a self-created dashboard, which tells me primarily the momentary strength of each currency pairs and, for example, the dollar index, but I'm interested in this just before the entry or exit.

My main charts are almost entirely made up of my own resistance and support lines. The Candle Strength indicator often helps me to identify the effective candle thickness, which is not always easy with the above points.

The best indicator is the price chart and the orderbook. But the price chart is a trailing indicator, because only when the candle is completed, I get a meaningful information on the price level. But then it is often too late.

In my preliminary analysis, start with the day or 4H chart to determine the rough direction.

The 1H chart shows me the medium term bias and the 15min / 5 min chart the short term turning points in the market.

A very important instrument for me is the 15 second bar chart. In high phases of volatility you can recognize a structure faster.

A catchy example of equilibrium was in the EURUSD. After the price had risen from 1.03249 on 26.12.16 with a triple top to 1.20921 on 08.09.17 and slowly went into the correction phase, many traders wondered how far this correction would go.

The interesting thing is that the price of 1.15529 in the monthly chart was already reflected in a 2003 Equilibrium.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

If you look at the monthly chart from 1994 to 2018, you could derive some trading possibilities from the Equilibrium. This usually works in every unit of time.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Example Equilibrium in the 15 min chart between 11th and 13th October 2017

Now you will wonder if that always works. The answer is NO!

Then all traders would be millionaires. If someone wins $ 100, another will lose $ 100. That's the system.

If you have lost $ 100 you should not be sad. The money is not gone, it has only one other. And he's sure to be happy.

The identification of the relevant equilibrium is difficult and only possible through many years of experience. But as you can see, this trading option is well worth it. It is interesting for swing traders, day traders and scalpers and can be used in all timeframes.

To better identify an equilibrium, one should zoom down from higher time units to smaller time units. This filters out inaccuracies.

Incidentally, it is often helpful in the chart to remove the shadows to better recognize the Equilibrium.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Equilibrium in the 15 min chart with and without shadow

With Buy Limit and Sell Limit Order you can work well in this trading system, but is rather less recommended when scalping.

Even an Equlibrium professional will reach its limits, because trading has changed enormously in recent years. The price is unpredictable and still random. Even if you work with an orderbook, you often have to realize that there are many pseudo orders that are deleted shortly before the target. Oderflow, Footprint and Cumulative Delta are still good help, but unfortunately they can not look to the future.

Trading and making music have something in common. You can learn to play both, but in the end it's the right feeling and flair that determines success and failure.

I wish you a lot of flair and feeling for the great success.

--- 帖子 #2 ---
Good post Bionics. This is my topic of research as well on how to quantify SR zones. Iam not a huge fan of Supply/Demand and order flow trading style as everything looks pretty in the rear view mirror and my understanding of spot FX market microstructure contradicts with the basic philosophy of supply and demand but let's not get into that. I believe there is a unique price movement at the MTF level that creates these SR levels we see on charts. It can be quantified because pf the fractal or fractured nature of timeframes via candlesticks. I know how to find S and R levels and in my quest to find these levels, my automation routinely runs into what i call SR Flip zone (mine is a line precise to the pip +/- 3 pips in accuracy). I think these SR flips are what you are referring to as Equilibrium. This is all good thus far. The million dollar question becomes (for me) how to systematically determine the direction when price is at equilibrium ? At S or R, going counter trend intraday signal using direction of daily or weekly works better but i have yet to figure out 1) how to filter out these SR flip signals OR 2) how to decide whether to follow trend or go against the trend OR 3) Go both long and short at once with trail SL.

I think This aspect is hurting my journey in limiting drawdown goal with my automation. Any thoughts not on the strategy but more on the price behavior?

P.S. I don't believe in pending orders either so straddling is not an acceptable solution.

- Vee

Edit: I don't watch charts either. If it cannot be quantified then I don't want to bother with it as i have met my consistency goals via automation and focus remains on max DD.

Edit1: Need more data analysis but feel these SR flips occur more frequently on crosses like AudNzd with USD as the hidden base. My automation runs across all 28 pairs so next obvious step is to filter out the pairs but don't want to go that route just yet.

--- 帖子 #3 ---
Dear Vee,

Would you like to tell us more about the method to find this SR Flip Zone? Thanks in advanced!!

--- 帖子 #4 ---
Sure but i am afraid you won't like the answer a d many won't agree with my twisted approach to understanding price behavior. I dont go looking for market conditions as Many are simply visible to the naked eye on any chart or any timeframe and yet  many fail due to illusions, bias and other reasons. My focus is Why and What creates these market conditions that we so easily see on charts (after the fact). My personal definition of SR Flip (to keep things quantifiable and simple) is a range of candles on any timeframe where you will find more "pair" of consecutive candles with same open and close.

Sorry, I will stop here as this is quite involved.

--- 帖子 #5 ---
I also use supply and demand. But I dont trade every consolidation. I only trade the ones that occur during london session because london is the financial center of the world the accounts for 40% of the Forex transactions. Then i use special volatility metrics to set proper SL that is not to close, and proper TP tha tis not to far. I never ask too much from the market. SHort moves, then i close 90% of the trade and let the rest run.

https://forexsb.com/wiki/trading/main-trading-sessions

https://jkonfx.com/learn-forex/market-open-hours

https://www.dailyfx.com/forex/educat..._Sessions.html

--- 帖子 #6 ---
I see, thanks for the information Vee!!

--- 帖子 #7 ---
nice post Bionics....right feeling is like  knowing where the wind comes from

--- 帖子 #8 ---
Bionics, Great post and promising great thread. how do you remove tails on MT4?

--- 帖子 #9 ---
Press F8, then Bar Up & Bar Down change to None or same colour as background.

--- 帖子 #10 ---
Dear Vee,

Many thanks for your high quality feedback. You realize that you are very deeply involved in the topic and have invaluable knowledge in this area. 20 years ago I bought my first shares through Deutsche Bank, from then on I was fascinated by the stock market. Linked to this, the probability calculus was a central life companion for me. I am only dealing with the forex topic for a few years, but the similarities to the stock trading are not so far away. The currencies are a central issue for me, because as Kostolany said so nicely: "The market price behaves to the economy like a dog to a walker: he often runs ahead or behind, but always comes back."

Your theory has charm and I would like to respond to it.

Since 1820, with the beginning of stock trading, they have been looking in vain for ways to eliminate chance. Whether the Turtle Traders or today's EA, it works at short notice. I hope you will never crack the stock market code, because that would be the end of the stock market. This is also impossible according to the theory of probability.

What is possible is to develop a system that improves the likelihood of the payoff ratio and the expectancy in my favor.

Probably it is almost impossible to quantify an equibribrium, so I have omitted in my post.

Let's take the music to the rescue again. There are many talented musicians who are not successful. Is it talent or diligence? No, sometimes it just lacks the feeling and luck to make the big breakthrough.

There is no room for luck and feeling in mathematics, but they are often crucial to success. How do you want to teach happiness or feeling a program? This is possible with the so-called biocomputers from synthetic biology, which use DNA as storage. But that will take another 20 years.

If there were a quantifiable way to identify an equation that many traders use to trade, after a period of time in the SR flip zones, the opposite would happen to the trader.

Your SR flips are a high-quality approach to identifying SR levels. Your million-dollar question: The systematic determination of the equilibrium is a challenge. There has to be an individual, changing pricing that is based on different levels. The normal price type is time-based, Heiken Ashi smoothed and Renko is primarily the price value observed, secondarily the time period within which a price movement has taken place. There could be a so-called three-dimensional 3D chart, which takes into account other price-relevant factors. It is possible to generate a new price scale from this, but who determines these factors, which then lead to a new price determination. And that's exactly the problem.

It would have been easier with the Oderbook. One would have to look at the different price levels in which the price is within a certain period of time and observe how it behaves. From this it would be possible to identify the equilibrium zones more easily, but not in principle. For this purpose, further data would be decisive, such as COT and more

I find your approach remarkably remarkable, with which commitment you research and experiment. On the other hand, it is also fascinating to see traders who succeed with the simplest means. The fact is, only 2% earn real money on the stock market, which is in contrast to the Power Ball Jackpot but still 3,500,000 times better.

I am pleased that we have found a common ground with Equlibrium, which optimizes our payoff ratio and our expectancy.

Best regards

--- 帖子 #11 ---
Hello sharingan, I can only agree with that opinion. Volatility is a key factor to success.

best regards

--- 帖子 #12 ---
Hello littspaniard, thank you, you are absolutely right. Experiences are collected like mushrooms: individually and with the feeling that the thing is not very appealing. Erskine Caldwell

best regards

--- 帖子 #13 ---
Hello Trader Waldo, sorry I was too late, but Shabs really helped. Thank you very much

--- 帖子 #14 ---
Good work Bio, subscribed

--- 帖子 #15 ---
Thank you. I got it. I thought there is something separate just for tails...I use bars and they are already all green. colored candlesticks give result.

--- 帖子 #16 ---
It reminds me a bit the Abonacci's system :  https://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=449489 and   https://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=255974

Anyway, good luck Bionics.

--- 帖子 #17 ---
Hello dear traders,

First of all thank you for your feedback and opinions. The question I was asked: How do I identify an Equilibrium?

The answer: with experience from the gut. If you spent 10,000 hours in front of the screen, you know how it works. At the beginning of the trader's career tried over 1,000 indicators, starting with the RSI, Stochastic, MACD and so on.

I could not do anything with that because these indicators are not ahead of the market, just like the price charts, they are just a thing of the past. So the fastest indicator is the candle, theoretically a 1 second candle, but there is too much inaccuracy to derive a future course.

After many 1,000 hours, I finally cleared most of the indicators on the screen. There had to be another way. If you have watched at least 10,000 hours of candles, you will notice recurring formations over time. I really like the shoulder-and-shoulders-shoulder-formation, but sometimes it only appears in different time-units and does not always behave like you expect.

You have to think and act as the big players. Many of them do not even have a bar chart, but sit in front of 8 screens where the orderbook plays thousands of numbers in seconds. If you refer this big player to the Metatrader, he will look at you questioningly.

In EURUSD, it often happens at 14:30 CET. The price suddenly drops 20 pips, then shoots and shoots up 60 pips. Often it is one and the same player. He pushes the price down first, stops the traders and has 20 pip below the price a big buy limit order. This chases the course upwards. Sure, you could put a buy stop order on the last resistance, the question is what price you come into the market. If you come in too late and the market is in the correction phase, you are outnumbered faster than you think.

It is easier to trade with small money than with big money. So the big player has to come up with something to make a profit. The small traders are not his problem, but the other big players. If two elephants fight with each other you should stay out of it. But you can wait until the fight is over and run with the winner. But that is easier said than done.

This brings us to Equilibrium. I can only write to you how I personally act. My opinion does not have to be right, because every trader has his own opinion and that's a good thing. Also, I do not want to be in the right, I want to trade because it makes me fun and you can also earn money on the side. But for me that is really secondary, because if you have to make money with it, it will be problematic because you have pressure. And printing is not good at trading.

First I search in a chart (the time unit does not matter) for an equibribrium where the price rises or falls sharply thereafter. Here is an example from today's EURUSD between 9:30 am and 2:00 pm CET.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

At 10:10 (dot1) and 10:15 (dot2) there was an equibribrium that I drew in the 1 minute chart. The price dropped by 14 pip and then went up again (point 3). Where did the course turn again? In the Equilibrium where afterwards the price fell stronger (point 2). At point 3 there was a bigger equilibrium and you see what happened when the course plunged into my marked area. The course was not so strong. Only at point 6 he went down a bit more. At point 6, a new equilibrium was formed, causing another slide. Point 5 signaled to me that the price would not continue to fall at the moment, but would rather rise.

You see (point 3 + 4) is a larger Equilibruim, the price is not strong. Points 1, 2, 5, 6 are smaller and more informative.

But that is no guarantee.

That was a small example in the 1 min chart. This works in the 4H chart and in all time units, but not always.

best regards

--- 帖子 #18 ---
Addendum: As I suspected, the price at 14:30 CET has increased by 35 pip within one minute. But as I said, that does not always work.

I wish you a lot of success

--- 帖子 #19 ---
Hello redoktober, thank you very much for the info, I'll read through it in peace. I really enjoy learning.

You also a lot of success

--- 帖子 #20 ---
Hello lucariga thank you very much for the compliment and best regards to Lake Como, it is very nice in Italy, as I have been many times. Greetings

--- 帖子 #21 ---
Hey Bio, are you going to keep up this thread and show some live examples?

I’ve never Had much success with supply/demand but i Love the way you are aproaching the argument

--- 帖子 #22 ---
Thanks for the response. Simple is always elegant and i may sound super advanced and complex but at the core, my journey towards quantification is extremely bare bones after to remove all the fluff. It only involves opening and closing prices. Everything i wrote applies only to FX instruments. For stocks, i have a very simple and common sense approach to investing without charts or analysis since 1995 yielding 15-18% every year except years of business cycle corrections.

Back to FX, looking at your charts, I think our definition of equilibrium and SR Flips are different. I think yours is more towards consolidations, pendants, triangles, pause, slowdown etc (the building of pressure to breakout)

By SR Flips, I am referring to the line I drew on your chart image (sorry, i am still on my vacation using my cellphone lol). Please see attached.

On your image, would you enter at your points expecting a breakout or would you trade with the expectation that price would most of the time reach to the next point (filling the gap or void or blank space or vacuum which happens all day every day on all timeframes)?

--- 帖子 #23 ---
Hello Vee,

I hope you relax a bit on vacation. How to define an equilibrium is secondary, the key is to do it and achieve results. One can always learn from the other and only that brings us further. I had expected an outbreak, which I also wrote in my post, before the actual outbreak came. However, after 35 pip there was also a setback, as we are still in a correction phase.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

As I already wrote I am not able to estimate all equilibrium correctly, because of the time unit and the resulting issue of candle formatting. I will later formulate an example for lucariga from Italy to make this problem clear.

I wish you a nice holiday, when you are back home, we can continue to do so.

Kind regards

--- 帖子 #24 ---
Hello lucariga, I would like to send you an example. In the case, an example where I just lay something. Today in the EURUSD in the 1 min chart, at 16:13 CET I have plotted the future possible price course.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

It was assumed that the price goes high against the resistance of the Equilibrium and then turns it down.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

1 hour later at 17:12 CET the result was available. The course was already spinning, but went down as predicted. This means that my sell limit order was not executed. But it is not bad, because I have lost no money.

and yes with my rough assessment was correct. That motivates me much more than an additional profit. But you can see that it does not always work. But let's wait and see that the course comes back to the resistance and then we'll see what happens next.

best regards

--- 帖子 #25 ---
Why didn’t you short this one?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #26 ---
That's easy to explain. First of all, a resistance turns into a support, since the course was almost against the resistance and turned off, I assumed the course went through there. Second, the formation looks a bit shoulder-head-shoulders formation, and thirdly, the equilibrium, where the price rises 35 pip, is much stronger. That's why I was careful. In addition, there are many opportunities per day, I pick out the best and trade the. Have all day time and fun. I wait until the market comes to me and do not run after the market. But I too often go wrong, but I learn every day, especially at this moment. You asked me a question that I answered in subconsciousness because I did not go short. Now that I answer your question, I will explain it to myself again and learn from it.

best regards

--- 帖子 #27 ---
Basically, dont trade directionless range, and get into trades only after up or down moves, and even better if those moves coincide with a support or resistance area.

--- 帖子 #28 ---
Hello venividivici, I wish you a happy new year. Thank you for your contribution, you are right, in Equilibrium you should not act, for a Scalper this situation looks different. It may be a good chance for him.

Best regards

--- 帖子 #29 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I use an indicator that plots a silver rectangle on every london session. I then look for consolidations in these gray zones and draw my own rectangles like the blue

supply level i drew in the picture. when price hit it i went short with a 2 atr SL and TP. the 2(ATR) number is already calculated and displayed on the bottom right hand corner of the chart which is the number on the left of the underscore. the number to the right of the underscore is the lotsize(my predetermine risk divided by 2ATR).

I just make sure SL is above the zone and plug in the numbers.

You can see that a demand level was also created which i have circled in white where a long opportunity was also profitable when price returned to the level

I only trust consolidations made in london session. Maybe US session if im feelin lucky but london is where the big players are

--- 帖子 #30 ---
Subbed to the thread. Thanks for starting it!

@ Bionics / VEEFX - do you know of a place where I can get even a general guidance as to how to read and interpret the Candle Strength indicator (and even more relevant to the topic - in relation to equilibrium)? I went through hanover's threads, but couldn't find anything on it.

Cheers and keep it going! Have a nice weekend/holiday in the case of VEEFX.

--- 帖子 #31 ---
Hello dear traders,

some of you wanted to see some live examples about Equilibrium. On Fri 05.01.18 at 16:13 CET I posted a possible course in the EURUSD.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I drew two resistance lines that were characterized by an equilibrium. I assumed that the first resistance line at which the course was breached and runs back down the second resistance line.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

An hour later at 17:12 CET you could see that the price did not reach the second resistance level, but it followed my marked course very nicely. I was convinced that the price would come up to this resistance later and then go down.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

As you can see on the chart at 20:08 CET, the price went to resistance at 19:00 CET for the first time and went down 5 pips. After that, he was in a sideways phase. (Here a nice equilibrium formed in the 30 minutes chart)

Friday evening 20:00 CET, very low volatility in a range and against 20:08 CET, the course then went into the resistance. The limit sell order I recommended was triggered now. Many beginners would have expected an outbreak now.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

EURUSD at 22.59 CET, the price has gone down 20 pip. I admit that the volatility was very low, but so was the risk. You can see that a strong resistance does not always mean that a course always has to bounce off strong and fast. 20 pip in 2 hours is not exactly an optimal trade, but ultimately the result counts. What motivated me was my correct assessment of the strong resistance. From that point on, the price went down. You see how important this equilibrium is for future resistance lines.

That does not mean that my way of trading is the measure of all things. Every trader has to find out his own style that suits him. Therefore, I will not discuss the way I trade and I would never presume to criticize other traders in your style. I say: Success is right for a trader. For constructive criticism I am always open, because criticism is only a help to get better. At first I made the mistake of trying out a trading style and as soon as it did not work, I was looking for a new way.

Find the trade style that suits you and pull that 10,000 hours through, then you're pro. I know that sounds easy, but it is not. Forex Factory has 12 times more members than private traders in Germany. Here you will definitely find something to find your own style. What sometimes dazzles me is how some traders interact with each other here. Sometimes you think you are in kindergarten. We're all grown up (I hope) and should treat each other respectfully and fairly.

It's not about being right or being the best. On the stock market only 2% gain the remaining 98% lose. Search for these 2% and listen carefully. Read between the lines, because there are the success formulas hidden. Maybe one day you'll be one of those you listen to.

I wish you a lot of success

--- 帖子 #32 ---
I will cut short

what's d difference from supply demand?

There r equilibrium zones that not worked. why not putting those into play?

thanks in advance

--- 帖子 #33 ---
Nice thread Bionics! I like the topic, because I have also worked on this topic for years. Finally I found something that works for me well.

To find the equilibrium of the market (or called mid) is really really difficult. Let’s give some hints what I’ve found:

- a equilibrium needs a reference to a period of time, because price is a function of time, so let’s take the daily timeframe (open at 22gmt)

- what do we have? A Open, high, low and close. That’s not enough, we also need the tick data because price is a function of time. So when we have the ticks we also know what comes first high or low additionally we know when they made (in Asia, London or in US session)

now you have the data you need to calculate the equilibrium of a given period of time.

it works very well, but in major trends sometime buyer and sellers don’t need a equilibrium, but the price will always comes back to the equilibrium whenever possible.

Anyway there a 100000 possibilities to calculate a equilibrium!

Regards from germany

mb

--- 帖子 #34 ---
Hello Trader Waldo,

The decisive factors are the Equilibium you have drawn in your chart.

Here you can see my chart picture in 30 min Char EURUSD. As soon as the price hits my resistance or support zones, I see how the price reacts, but in smaller timeframes.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

When I have drawn my lines, as a trader I am able to make a decision. It does not matter if I'm right or not, it's crucial how I react to the situation.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In the 1 minute chart you can see very nicely that the price is short-refereed. Since it is a strong equilibrium, you should wait and see if the price is swinging back up or it breaks the resistance zone. I do not trade in the 30 min chart, this only helps me to ensure an overview in the medium term.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

As you can see on the daily chart, a new equilibrium is being formed there. That means sellers and buyers are currently the same and undecided where to go. At the top is a strong resistance line, which must first be broken to clear the way up.

Basically, I believe and that's just my own opinion that we're long in the monthly chart in 2018, so we're in a correction phase to go over the last high of 1.209. For this I will publish an interesting post here in the thread. Then, unfortunately, just pure speculation like everything on the stock market.

I wish you a nice weekend

--- 帖子 #35 ---
Hello dear Zelias, first of all welcome in our thread and thank you for the kind words. Years ago, I created an Excel spreadsheet to create the individual candle thickness in the 4H chart.

Slide1

My aim was to measure the pressure inside the candle to see how strong the candle really is. I searched the world for such an indicator and by chance found Hanover. He is an excellent programmer, but he uses a different calculation as far as I know.

He is the developer and can explain you the calculation. He has great ideas and will definitely help you.

I wish you much success here.

--- 帖子 #36 ---
How do you feel about Sam Seiden and his supply and demand trading ideas?

What additional edge do you recommend for supply and demand trading?

--- 帖子 #37 ---
Hello sharingan9,

I find your approach very interesting, in principle a bit of a break out strategy with regard to Equilibrium. Your success will prove you right and I would never change a successful strategy. For myself, I find a kind of breakout strategy too dangerous, as the big players often push their course over the lines to strangle or mislead the small traders in the market. Since I live in Germany, the London Session is just as interesting. I usually start my analysis already 2 hours before the London Open. At 11:30 CET, most of the time until 14:00 CET, there is little movement. From 14:00 CET to 17:00 CET we often have high volatility, then again between 18:00 and 20:00 CET.

They have a lot in advance for many traders. You have a system and success, and you're right. Stick to it.

best regards

--- 帖子 #38 ---
Hello Mr Brown,

welcome to our thread,

Why do some Equilibrium zones not work?

The big problem with the candles in the chart is the period in which they are formed. Surely you know how to hammer, doji, engulfing, etc. Sometimes you work, but often not. This is due to the temporal composition of the candles. Candle formations in a certain time frame are therefore just a random product of the time, the broker and the dealer. If you change the time frame in which the candles are formed, then the candles and their formations change. The doji is now a normal candle with no indication of a course change.

At the same time I have 6 different timeframes open for observation, so I can recognize the formation of an equilibrium faster. But still this system is not a system which can be solved with an indicator. It is very difficult and requires 10,000 hours of experience. But in the end you will be rewarded for it.

best regards

--- 帖子 #39 ---
Hello MetBo,

Also you a warm welcome to the thread, I am very pleased that you are trading successfully with the Equilibrium. You are right that it is very difficult to find the right equilibrium. A little tip: Get the Indicator Candle Strength from Hanover, a great programmer and build it into your charts. In the equilibrium phase, please pay attention to a very low Candle Strength Candle Strength. This will help you to identify the important zones.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I hope we stay in touch.

best regards

--- 帖子 #40 ---
Hello vee,

Great approaches you have sent, we can gladly speak after your vacation in peace. I wish you a good rest.

best regards

--- 帖子 #41 ---
Tell me the past, and I want to know the future. Confucius

As promised, a few interesting abnormalities that are also related to the Equilibrium.

Helmut Kohl (Federal Chancellor 1992-1998) once said: "Who does not know the past, can not understand the present and shape of the future."

I once looked at EURUSD data from 1971 to 2018. Since the euro has only existed since 1999, this is the systhetic exchange rate calculated taking into account the convergence of the exchange rates of all currencies forming the euro.

Looking at the history of the EURUSD over the past 47 years, I once tried to draw resistance and support lines.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I had to deviate a bit from the identification of equilibrium in order to draw a conclusion for the next 27 years. I admit that a price in the EURUSD of 2.02 is very daring, but the Dow 1980 was only at 880 and someone would have said at that time that he is 28 years later at 25,000 .....

... I think you were burnt as a witch.

I also know that the Dow can not be compared to currencies, but when the EURUSD stood at 0.84 in 2001, nobody would have believed it would double over the next 7 years.

Interestingly, the EURUSD increase was an average of 7,700 pip, while the decline was 5,500 pip.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Average Low to High = 7,700 pip

Average High to Low = 5,500 pip

If you look at this increase per day, you will already see a certain amount

Commonality (point 1 to 5 actual past, from point 5 possible course)

Based on the past as a basis for the future, the EURUSD could develop further in 2018 as follows.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Of course, this conclusion is purely hypothetical, since no one knows the future. It is also not about being right, it will certainly come very differently, but it is also once interesting to deal with the probability calculation.

What good is that to me? Now, assuming a long-term rising trend in 2018, I can gear my trading ideas to that, no matter what time period.

For me as a day trader and Scalper not so nice a view. I prefer trading short in the EURUSD. But when the long-term outlook is long, it goes down more slowly in down periods than when it's in a downtrend. (Of course this is not always the case).

So that was not a future prospect, especially since it does not matter to us traders whether it goes up or down. It is important that the market moves. Unfortunately, in 70% of the cases, the market is in a sideways range. So we use the remaining 30% to have fun with it.

I wish you a great weekend and good luck again from Monday

--- 帖子 #42 ---
My2 cent !!!

My Equalibrium Tool.. based on excel.. ughhh.. i can't code..

Usd Cad need To UP to find the balance.. Posted on Dec 28 17

Aud Usd Now on balance /equalibrium.. Posted on 27 Dec 17

--- 帖子 #43 ---
"Those that have found near perfect systems like me will never show people the holy grail"

You already have the "holy grail". So what do you care?

--- 帖子 #44 ---
Just curious. I use supply and demand in my trading. I use volayility as my edge. I am not greedy i take what i want from the market then do other things. I have the captial to take 1 trade every few months. I see you are following me from these 2 thread posts anf your messages in private. please see my most recent post on the holy grail thread where i address your concerns in a response to RondaRousy who is presumably a struggling asking for my help in interesting roundabout ways. Get it? Ronda? Roundabout haha. anyway go check that out

--- 帖子 #45 ---
I know a good psychiatrist that specializes in helping pathological liars.

And please, indulge us with one or two your trades.  What a privilege it would be for us peasants.

--- 帖子 #46 ---
Thanks. I am back home from Cabo. I finally found my ideal destination to retire. Now i need a plan to turn 10K to 10M in 3 yrs :-)

I deleted my earlier post as I think I have all the answers on how you trade and your market philosophy. Unfortunately, i am on a different path in my journey so starring at charts (being a chartist) is something i have moved away from. I know there is more to your style looking at the dashboard image  in your first post on FF. Hopefully you will cover some of the MTF based advanced topics.

--- 帖子 #47 ---
At Winston reed and sharingan9:

this is second thread that two of you maltreat other forex factory members with insane and ridiculous posts. why don't you exchange personal opinion by PM?

is there anyone senior member to suspend those two?

--- 帖子 #48 ---
Sure I can show you a trade on UJ that i loved here. But first off, no one here at forex factory is a peasant. This is a community that is comprised of hard working people, myself included, who are just trying to make a better life fore themselves and their loved ones and that is admirable and heroic. We are not peasants we are committed traders.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Consolidation found in a london session(financial center of the world, 40% of forex turnover). Keep your eye on this consolidation highlighted in blue inside the gray box(londondsession zone)

Now we look at volatility. I have special ways to gauge volatility in the market. Important thing to note is when price is revisiting a level you must understand the size or potential of the market. The market can potentially spike up a few pips beyond the level due to volatility. The volatility potential also helps you to determine how much you want from the market. We cant predict how far the move will be with this strategy so we wan to take profit after small moves of course keeping a 1:1 rr. So we ask ourselves is it more likely that the market has the potential to give 20 pips profit or 100 pips profit? It is more likely that he market has the potential to give 20 pips profite because it is a shorter distance so we want short tight TPs.

--- 帖子 #49 ---
I like the quote!

Some people will said no one can predict the future, but surprisingly, We in PRESENT create FUTURE. EG, Will there be AI or robots if we don't create them?

Anyone ever search "Trend" "Trending" "Business, Products or Fashion trends" in Google? We created trends for the Future. If we can't predict accurately, but possible we can anticipate it.

--- 帖子 #50 ---
Hello meugampong, welcome to our Equilibrium thread,

Your idea is very good to identify the equibribrium through your own calculations. I do not know your calculations, but believe that it is a kind of currency strength. Since the two currency lines differ little from each other, I can not imagine that in the calculation, the other major currencies are included. The equilibrium that you have identified, I see more as an attempt of the course to break the strong resistance line. The actual Equilibrium was created a little earlier, as you can see in picture 1 very nice.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In the monthly chart you see a possible course, but this is purely speculative. One would have to deal more closely with the AUDUSD to make specific statements here.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

It is very difficult to identify concrete equilibrium in the daily chart, and sometimes it works. Therefore I recommend to go down the time units.

If you want to identify an equilibrium over the currency strength I recommend two indicators. CCFp of iamgotzaa and RS Group AUD and RS Group USD V1.2

https://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?p=2417299.

I do not want to send identifiers, firstly I did not create the indicator and second I do not know if the developer is right and thirdly I do not want to be responsible for a possible crash of your system.

However, you will find it here in the forum.

I wish you a nice weekend

--- 帖子 #51 ---
Hello Vee,

I am glad that you could recover a bit. It is true that our work goes in different directions, but the goal is the same. Stick to it, because the path is the destination and you are on the way.

best regards

--- 帖子 #52 ---
Hello kinspk,

Welcome to our forum, I am pleased when experienced traders who have been heavily involved in the forum for years, help with constructive Beirägen other traders. That we can never accurately predict courses, but only about I find good. Because that keeps the stock market alive. One of my basic approaches in life is simple, simple, simple. Maybe you know the PARETO principle

The Pareto Principle (also known as the 80/20 Rule) states that in many events about 80% of the effects are due to 20% of the causes. For me, one thing is to do 80% right, since it takes only 20% of my time.

While another achieves 100% result in 100% of the time, I can get 400% result in the same time. That certainly does not apply to all areas.

I wish you continued success.

--- 帖子 #53 ---
Hello dear Traders, hello mr.brown,

Maybe you know Ken Block, he is a gifted rally driver and he controls his vehicle like no other. He may not be the best rider in the world, but his videos have been clicked more than 200 million times. Every man claims that he can drive a car well. When I saw him controlling his car, I knew I could not drive a car well.

What we as trader can learn from Ken Block?

Inserted Video

Once upon a time, I asked a friend of Ken Block's how he does that to drive a car.

The friend told me: Ken can not explain that, he just makes it.

The same answer I would have had to give at the end of 2017, if someone asked about my trading style.

Give 100% and you will get back 1,000%.

I have two goals for Forex Factory:

1. Help other traders

2. To help myself

My successful trading style for me is based on pure intuition. My aim is to make this intuition comprehensible and explainable. That's why I see this blog as a project for many years to unravel the mystery of equilibrium.

Together we are strong, together we will work things that would have been impossible for the individual. A group of unknowing people is always smarter than the single intelligent one. I know what I am talking about because I am and are an entrepreneur all my life.

Therefore it is not possible to say that if this or that happens you have to go long or short. We are in a process that has just begun. If you feel like it, I would like to invite you to participate in this process. I am convinced that success will prove us all right.

Maybe someday you will trade the way Ken Block can drive.

Just do it!

Best regards

--- 帖子 #54 ---
You are right as team we can do it.

In Germany they say Toll Ein Anderer Machts (-_-)

--- 帖子 #55 ---
My trade from friday still in guys. Supply level & Double Top & Divergence

--- 帖子 #56 ---
Hey John Wick, you're absolutely right  I'm looking forward to a constructive exchange. Have a nice evening

--- 帖子 #57 ---
What do you think Michael.

--- 帖子 #58 ---
Hello John Wick,

the resistance seems logical at first sight, my resistance is slightly lower between 1.19508 and 1.19467. In any case, in this range is an Equilibrium, was on the road today and have just switched me on. I'll take a closer look.

best regards

--- 帖子 #59 ---
Hello dear traders,

on Friday at 13:00 CET, I have marked my resistance / support zone 1,20511 / 1,20484. When the price rose 30 pip at 14:30 CET and shortly thereafter broke through this support zone, this zone became a strong resistance. With the first attempt the EURUSD did not manage to reach this zone. It was not until late in the evening that the price entered the resistance zone and slowly went down by 20 pip. I assumed that the price would now go higher, although I would have been wary of my marked resistance and had watched the course.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

With the opening on Sunday evening, the bulls were close to the helm and against 2:15 CET, the course came back into this resistance zone. With the assessment upwards, I was correct. However, I had estimated that the bulls could break the resistance zone. But he turned down. That would have cost me about 5 pip of my profit. But then I would have gone straight short again, because this resistance was strong and the turning off of the course was the confirmation that this resistance is still strong. As you can see, you can draw zones that are relevant and important. Nevertheless, you must observe how the course behaves at or in this zone.

best regards

--- 帖子 #60 ---
Jo dann schauen wir mal.

Auf jeden fall  100 % retracement.

--- 帖子 #61 ---
Hello John Wick,

I found an interesting resistance 1.19484 / 1.19386.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

If you go into the past, 22.-25.09.18 you can see a nice gap.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Let's wait and see.

best regards

--- 帖子 #62 ---
Yes found that gap lets see.

--- 帖子 #63 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #64 ---
Hello Trader Waldo,

this is a good approach, I would recommend you to look for the rough resistance in larger timeframes and then break down to smaller time units.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Enclosed a chart from the 2 min range MT5, NZDUSD

Best regards

--- 帖子 #65 ---
took note.

have a nice day

--- 帖子 #66 ---
Nice find on EU. I am also watching that level as it fits my criteria as well.

I took a nice short on CHFJPY. I closed 90% of the order and let the rest run. 5min chart. nice consolidtion in london session. 40% of all daily executed forex trades occur in london session and large market participation like that attracts the largest banks and institutions all over the world because they want to take part in that large market participation. So london session s/d zones are the best bet to find where the big players are. London is the financial center of the world and that attracts the big players too

closed order:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

split order:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #67 ---
Hello sharingan9,

I agree with you 100%. Since I live in Germany, I only trade the London and US sessions. In these times, the biggest market jumps take place, but you should also keep a little eye on the Asian market. As a rule, this market moves in a smaller range, but often gives the trader an indication of the direction of the day. For the traders from America that means getting up early.

I wish you a successful week

--- 帖子 #68 ---
Hello, interesting thread.

Can you please share how you calculate the "Pressure and the "%" column ?

--- 帖子 #69 ---
update:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #70 ---
Hello MaxenshteinD,

I have to go a bit further in calculating my defined candlestick strength. When looking at a typical candle, you will notice that the shadows are displayed in the respective candle color. Bullish candles have green shadows, while bearish candles have red shadows. This type of presentation is wrong in my opinion.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

A completed candle should usually show the correct price history.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Let's take a look at a bullish candle. The course starts at OPEN. Suppose that the course then runs directly to the LOW and then back to the OPEN. This means that the bears did push down the price, but the bulls had the upper hand in the end. So the bottom shadow should basically be green (bullish).

From the OPEN it goes now to the HIGH and back to the CLOSE, but above the OPEN. This means that the bulls raised the price but the bears were stronger. So the top shadow should always be red.

That means:

The bears were stronger in the upper shadow.

The bulls were stronger in the lower shade.

The correct graphical representation would look like this:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Whether this graphic presentation, however, brings benefits, I can not judge. However, this calculation is important for my candle strength.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Whether you calculate the calculation in Pip or Mini Pip is irrelevant. I calculate with the 5th decimal place. The top shadow is calculated from HIGH / OPEN at the bearish candle and HIGH / CLOSE at the bullish candle. For the upper shadow, the value in Pip is always negative, and always positive for the lower shadow.

There are now 3 values that are added together. Wick (upper shadow), Candle and Fuse (lower shadow). This value is my pressure. It shows how strong the bears or bulls were at the end of the completed candle.

The actual candle body H/L or L/H is the decisive range in the particular time frame in which the candle is measured. With the% value, I look at the relationship between H/L (L/H) and pressure. From this it is now necessary to derive a proportionality.

To what extent this calculation is relevant for future price developments is in the eye of the respective observer. You know, a turnaround can be fast or slow. Using one indicator is one thing, interpretation is the other.

I hope I was able to help you just a little bit

Best regards

--- 帖子 #71 ---
Hello dear traders,

If you look at the daily chart in the EURUSD and the Equilibrium in the past, you might almost think that the bulls are only at 1.186 the rudder. However, even today, a large investor could turn the price up sharply, as the European numbers are not unattractive. This resistance seems to be interesting.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

best regards

--- 帖子 #72 ---
Hi Bionics,

You understand well the meaning/purpose of an Equilibrium.

Did you ever consider using TPO charts? Based on Market Profile.

I don't trade currencies, but I use TPO charts for more then 5 year now for the DAX/GOLD etc. and is a great help for me.

They call Market profile as the best kept secret.

On the top Gold chart you can see the Weekly TPOs and on the bottom the Monthly TPOs (Dec & Jan)

It shows exactly where the Equilibrium is (where the market is in balance) and the pockets where the markets will go back to, to fill them.

--- 帖子 #73 ---
Hello Dutchy Daxy,

Welcome to our blog. Your contribution is very interesting and represents a very good help. I myself also work with a kind of market profile, while having the high-frequency price levels of the past displayed to me. But that should not be as professional as your approach.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

At the beginning of my trader's career, after trying so many 1,000 indicators, I thought only a proper order book in the future, orflow, footprint charts and the cumulative delta would be able to predict future prices correctly. But there are so many hoax orders in the market that even an orderbook does not provide any concrete help.

I stayed hanging at the Equilibrium. The market profile helps me identify the optimal price levels, so I absolutely believe that your professional chart image will help you.

Most of all, I am pleased that you and some other professionals are helping traders to benefit from their experience.

I am looking forward to an exchange

best regards

--- 帖子 #74 ---
This is how the entire price history in your chart would look like if it was just 1 candle.

--- 帖子 #75 ---
Holy jumping Jesus! This is super impressive! At least for me!

Does this mean, the rate will eventually drop to 1280 area, collect the sells there and go up to collect the next line of big buys higher above? Does it usually happens like that?

I have other tools I know everything is in a perfect equilibrium and posted it multiple times, but nobody paid any attention to when I announced it here.

I have no idea how exactly they do it. I have scanned squares/cubes as 1 pip to 300 pips in size and everything is in perfect equilibrium. Like there is no difference at all in between the 1 pip cube and the 300 pip one. 1 pip is just a perfect projection of the 300 pip one and ANYTHING in between. It is a super ingenious app that draws the charts. I am constantly with jaws dropped...

--- 帖子 #76 ---
Please be aware that Market profile/TPO charts are not indicators

TPO chart is a data base in fact.

The Equilibrium (in MP language called the POC or Price Of Control) is the place where the market has traded the most time on a certain time and period. Market is in balance on that level.

When the market wants to shift to an other level (for whatever reason) its looking for Gaps or Pockets called on the TPO chart.

The TPO peaks are the Supp/Res. levels which can be seen very easy on a TPO chart .

See the Euro/US$ Future chart on a Weekly base and you see the POC levels of each Week. (purple lines)

Right side TPOs are this Week TPOs

All TPOs plotted on the left are previous Weeks

--- 帖子 #77 ---
Hello MaxenshteinD,

this is a half year candle and theoretically you should be able to represent each time unit with it. But as I have learned, it should be very difficult to bring this kind of representation with the green and red shadows in the chart image. Therefore, I do not know from you as a trader can benefit. To better recognize the Equilibrium, I often turn off the shadows.

Unfortunately, I am not a programmer, otherwise I would have even put it to myself, as there is no such representation worldwide.

best regards

--- 帖子 #78 ---
Hello Dutchy Daxy,

Absolutely impressive and very professional, that's the advantage as a Future Trader with a fast platform Ninja Trader. What is your recommendation for traders who work with the Metatrader?

Is this market profile comparable to yours? By that I mean only the rough structure, not the concrete method of calculation.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Best regards

--- 帖子 #79 ---
I respond later. Very busy now.....

First: I'm not a prof trader. Just an experianced auto didact trader who spend so much screen time by watching markets, that it will be hard to earn back all these hours. (just kidding last few words)

I thought only a proper order book in the future, orflow, footprint charts and the cumulative delta would be able to predict future prices correctly. But there are so many hoax orders in the market that even an orderbook does not provide any concrete help.

This will never help you. Like you say yourself: Lot of fake orders and info (to speak in D Trumps words)

You are on the right track by watching MP/TPO charts. You will and can determine the important levels much better then others who don't want to spend time to learn to "read" TPO charts (MP).

Your chart looks good. You can see the POC levels which are the most important. Try to make a Weekly TPO chart as well. It will be an eye opener. Watch Daily and Weekly TPO charts.

It makes no difference if you watch TPOs on META or NINJA. Levels are levels. There is only difference in price between CDF and FUTURE, but that is not a problem. When you trade CDFs, the CDF MP/TPO levels will be on your chart and the same for FURURES when you have F charts.

So my advise: learn the basics of Market Profile by mind and you will be at least 50% ahead of your fellow traders who don't know the MP/TPO basics.

--- 帖子 #80 ---
Bionics is there a reason why you decided to call one of the wicks "fuse" ?

--- 帖子 #81 ---
In Germany, the upper shadow is called wick and the lower shadow is fused. Fuse comes from the dynamite bar. This means the bottom shadow. What do you call that in the USA?

--- 帖子 #82 ---
Hello Dutchy Daxy,

my compliment to your experience and thank you for this important note. I have always had a little eye on the market profile, but I have not given it too much importance. As a futures trader, you know more than a pure CFD trader who has never seen an orderbook. I will take your advice to heart and deal with it more in the future. Nice to hear that the way is the right one. I hope that many other traders can learn from these interesting things in the future. Thank you again for your great idea.

best regards

--- 帖子 #83 ---
They just call both shadows - wicks )

The dynamite concept is also interesting, I`ve never heard of it before.

I believe that in the USA the knowledge of candle sticks is a very lost tale, just like old fairy tales. As one person tells it to another, some information is lost, and some is added.

--- 帖子 #84 ---
You see, you light a candle from the top and it burns down. The dynamite rod is ignited from below and the dynamite goes up

Best regards

--- 帖子 #85 ---
Hello dear traders,

today's daily chart in the EURUSD looks very interesting.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The POC lines indicate that the bulls from 1.1965 no longer have to say that. A reset to 1.1860 would be quite conceivable. There is a strong resistance line that brings the bulls back into the game. Thanks again to all of you who have been so active here. Looking forward to more posts.

best regards

--- 帖子 #86 ---
Interesting. I think it will fall even more - below the biggest orders green line, forming a HL, which HL is in line with the two balls of the aggressive dick formation?

--- 帖子 #87 ---
My trades for yesterday:

AJ:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

GU:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Nice london consolidations.

--- 帖子 #88 ---
Hello Money Zilla,

With your assumption, you could be right.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

You mean definitely the blue line I have drawn. I also had this in mind and think that the course will get there sooner or later.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I had already posted this assumption a few days ago in a possible annual preview. Unfortunately we do not know when this resistance zone will be called. Would be too nice.

Best regards

--- 帖子 #89 ---
Hello sharingan9,

Congratulations, you seem to be right and have found your trading style. I find it very admirable how you track your system. But success proves you right and therefore do not let it dissuade you.

Many greetings

--- 帖子 #90 ---
Stories that life writes!

Here's something to think about. Last year, an acquaintance told me that he has been trading casually for years because he does not trust the banks. When he heard that I trade for many years, he once wanted to see my chart image. When I showed him my bare POC chart image, he looked at me stunned.

Poor you, you have no information about what's happening on the market right now. Well, I have a price chart, I replied. With this no sensible trader can go on, you need more information. You know indicators, right? Yes, I said, but I rarely need them. Pay attention, he said now I'll show you a professional chart image, as only the real professionals use. I was excited.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Now I was the one who looked stunned. He just started to explain the individual indicators to me, so I interrupted him. Tell me, is that worth it for you when you trade?

Well, I've been doing this for a few years now, but I've read that in the beginning, it's normal to make some losses before the big money comes. But soon I'll buy a Ferrari, you'll see.

I did not dare to ask how much he had lost, he did not accept my help. He said he had found his system with a coach and you had to hold out now, come what may.

Now I was flat. I urged the suspicion that the coach was certainly paid by the competition in order to plunge my acquaintance into misfortune. But it turned out that the coach was a friend of his, who trade for several years.

The big players are happy about such traders and believe me, there are unfortunately many such traders. I would rather recommend this to the casino, because at least there is still a bit of fun.

There is nothing wrong with indicators, the right indicators at the right time can do a good job. But you should choose wisely.

Since you should be glad to have a platform like Forex Factory. There you meet people you would never have met in real life. There are good traders who teach you how to do it and not so good traders you learn how not to do it. Both make sense.

Therefore, an important note in life: Contacts only harm those who do not have them.

Best regards

--- 帖子 #91 ---
I couldn't get your "fuse" term for one of the wicks out of my mind. And then it just hit me with an idea...

--- 帖子 #92 ---
How the big players kidnap the little players

Since 7 o'clock this morning, the EURUSD has been running slowly to resistance 1.1955 / 1.1960. Then he fell to the Open and then rose again shortly. Suddenly, the price fell sharply by about 14 pip and then rose 75 pip upwards. The whole thing did not happen quickly but steadily.

It seems to be a single big player who has made it once again.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Many thought that the course would fall even further. At 1.19442, the big player pushed the price down. At 1.199311 was his buy limit order, which pushed the price up quickly. The stops of the sellers and shorts were released and the Big Palyer was able to push his course upwards.

The pros have noticed that for sure and got in immediately. Nasty game but allowed in the stock market.

With the help of POC lines you would have had the advantage on your side.

Best regards

--- 帖子 #93 ---
Short information

There are two important POCs for a possible reset.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Best regards

--- 帖子 #94 ---
Hello Bionics,

Thank you for starting this thread.

Your posts have some amazing insights. I am thoroughly enjoying studying your posts and learning Equilibrium concepts.

As we move forward, I hope you will touch upon a trade management / risk management  strategy or two in this regard.

Best Regards,

srby

--- 帖子 #95 ---
Hello srby,

Welcome to our blog and thank you for your kind words.

In addition to trading management, financial and risk management is the key factor for the success of a trader. Of course, the time frame in which you trade plays an important role. For a daytrader, a 30 pip stop is no problem, but a scalper is more likely. I will write a contribution in the foreseeable future but please be patient.

I am pleased that the contributions help you and hope that you, too, let us share your experience.

Best regards

--- 帖子 #96 ---
Dear Traders,

Now that the price in the EURUSD has risen 75 pips today, I drew two equilibrium into the chart at around 13:00 CET today and wrote: There are two important POCs for a possible reset.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

It's almost 20:00 CET and let's see what happened.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

As you can see, the price turned on the first resistance and fell by 65 pip. I do not want to say that I'm a great guy or right. Like every other trader, I've often been wrong. That is completely normal. Í had drawn two resistances and the course could have turned so only at the overlying resistance line. No it's not about being right, just showing how important equilibrium is for success. In that case, that would have been at least 60 pip.

I had already left work today at noon because the big players took me up this morning.

I wish you a nice evening

--- 帖子 #97 ---
The pitcher goes to the well until it breaks.

Hello dear traders,

Yesterday I reported on how the big players turn off the little traders. As I watched the EURUSD in the 1 minute chart this morning, as it swayed nicely in a range of 18 pip, I thought to myself: They'll try that again. The price range was only the 1.193 to 1.194 in question. As you can see beautiful, like yesterday, the price suddenly fell off and came in my said range. Then it went up steeply again.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The reason is simple. The big player of yesterday has worked great. The traders were in the waiting position because of the ECB. So go down the course and then up quickly. Almost at the same price level. They do that until it stops working. Then this price level is burned and you just look for a new one. That's a bad world

With a higher risk you could have entered this price level, only the stop should have been a bit more generous. Or with a stop buy on the 1.194. The question is only when you would have come to the market.

Therefore, keep an eye on the important POC in the market.

best regards

--- 帖子 #98 ---
Where can I get that indicator?

--- 帖子 #99 ---
Hello Nightfox84,

Welcome to our blog.

To draw optimal POC lines there is no correct working indicator. Every trader has to draw this individually.

The market profile indicator can be found here:

https://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?p=5996008

Best regards

--- 帖子 #100 ---
what is the name of indicator?

--- 帖子 #101 ---
Hello Trader Waldo,

the name is: TPO-Range

best regards

--- 帖子 #102 ---
TPO-Range stands for: Take Profit (Obviously) in Range.

--- 帖子 #103 ---
More london session equilibrium Win on EurAud. Hit the london consolidation from the previous london session:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I spilt the order. Closed 90% of it and let the 10% run.

--- 帖子 #104 ---
Thanks Bionics. I'm sorry but I do not speak English. How is your indicator set up? Where can I find a guide that explains how to use it?

--- 帖子 #105 ---
Hello nightfox84,

Thank you for your request, I think that you will not like my answer.

The Market Profile Indicator is a classic implementation that shows the price density over the set time frame, and thus the most important price levels of the trading day. You can set the time units, pip sizes, position and much more. This indicator shows you which price levels were frequented, but not where the course went. This is nicely visible on my chart picture from today at noon 14:16 CET. This indicator helps me to underpin the POC lines I have drawn. I could do without market profile, not POC. But every trader sees differently and that's a good thing.

I've tried over 1,000 indicators in my many years and everyone did not do what I promised in the beginning. When I was SHORT the classes went up, when I was LONG the classes went down. I thought so, you never can. My wife then said: Then just trade high when a green bar comes, but then it was not so easy.

Until I sat down in front of the bare chart image and started reading price charts. There everything is in it what you need to know. In the beginning these are just jumbled bars, but gradually it becomes a picture. It's like a language, it does not learn from one day to the next. You need 10,000 hours for that, then you are able to read the chart image.

The big-player traders sometimes work without a chart image, that's the chart's Oderbook, but that too has to be learned over many years.

There are some traders who have no idea about trading and who lose more money than they win, who then sell themselves as coaches or their expensive systems (EA). If someone had found a system to crack the Powerball, would you think he would sell this system? No, he would win the Powerball Jackpot every month. If you make a trade now, no matter in which direction you have a 50% chance of winning. This chance is greater than in any casino. So you need options that increase your chances.

Choose a trading style that suits you and look around at Forex Factory. There are great traders and free tips that are worth a lot. You may also like to read this article from the beginning, perhaps the Equlibrium is your trading style.

If you can not speak English, that is not a problem. There are many translation options on the Internet. English is an important world language. You are from Italy I am from Germany. The trader platforms there are far from Forex Factory.

I wish you that you achieve your goal and we are happy to help.

Best regards

--- 帖子 #106 ---
POC lines for 2018 weekly

Dear Traders,

It's the beginning of 2018 and I once tried on a weekly basis to draw the most important Equilibrium POC.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

An assessment of how the course could have been I had already posted. The annual candle drawn in yellow could move within the POC as follows.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

This is purely speculative and not scientifically substantiated. PS: Chance can never be scientifically substantiated, at most the probability.

Surely it will be different, because no one knows how the course will behave at the POC. We should always investigate this in a shorter time in smaller time units. For me it was just an attempt to look into the distance. I'm looking forward to 2018, we'll see what happens.

I wish you a nice evening.

--- 帖子 #107 ---
Thanks for these words, I'm looking for my style of trading, unfortunately the language barrier creates difficulties.

I have reread the whole post from the beginning.

Thank you.

--- 帖子 #108 ---
NIO, three factors that make it difficult to trade!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

If you want to travel by boat from England to America, you should already look at the route and the possible weather conditions. When you're on the road, usually everything is different and you have to adjust individually to the situation. Storms have to be avoided, routes are recalculated, problems are eliminated and in the end you arrive anyway. But never as planned.

It's the same with trading. Before I make a trade, I should know where the course is going, otherwise I should rather leave it. And when the trade runs I need a "what if plan".

We are influenced by NIO. News, indicators and opinions

News

Not the news, but market participants influence the market.

In 2016, Deutsche Bank and many currency experts estimated that the EURUSD would reach 0.95 at the end of 2017. It came completely different.

It is always fun in the evening at NTV (German news channel) to learn why the DAX or EURUSD has risen or fallen. Of course the economy is important in the individual countries, but not for me. For me, how investors respond to the news is far more important.

It does not matter which news is about the ticker. The market is moving because people and computers are pushing the button BUY or SELL. And why are they pressing on BUY or SELL? Because they have an opinion. And this opinion often has nothing to do with the economic data.

Why does Apple share fall even though Apple released a sensational quarterly balance sheet? Well, maybe because investors believe Apple will not be able to make such profits in the next quarter or peak the stock. Anyway, we'll never know.

News causes storms on the stock markets, it often goes up and down. I prefer to wait, because sailing is simply no fun in a strong storm.

Indicators

An indicator does not care if the price goes up or down. It is trailing and less accurate than the price chart. Many traders need security and believe the indicator tells them where the market is going. But the market influences the indicator and not the other way round. That's why I work with auxiliary indicators, which I do not pay much attention to. If I can not trust myself, how should I trust indicators?

Opinion

Since about 97% of all traders are wrong, this means that 97% of all opinions are wrong. That's not bad, because since humans exist, he's wrong. Much more important it would be to set the 3%, whose opinion is correct. But finding them is a challenge. One solution would be to look at what opinion the majority has and then do exactly the opposite. So we should not listen to the crowd, but to ourselves.

Trading is a pure chance game, nobody knows where the journey is going. But with mathematical probability calculation I can beat the coincidence in my favor.

The big challenge of trading is not to win, but to behave properly when you are in loss.

I wish you a nice weekend

--- 帖子 #109 ---
Hello angifactor66,

Welcome to our blog. I am pleased if this blog helps you and I invite you to get to know the POC lines better together with us.

I wish you a nice weekend

Best regards

--- 帖子 #110 ---
hey Bionics, how is going? at CPI news today I was expecting big price jump either way but market moved price slowly...that was surprise for me.

Do you use TPO-Range indicator to get "..POC lines for 2018 weekly..." or some other indicator. if so which one?

have a nice weekend.

--- 帖子 #111 ---
[quote=Trader-Waldo;10666954]{quote} hey Bionics, how is going? at CPI news today I was expecting big price jump either way but market moved price slowly...that was surprise for me. Do you use TPO-Range indicator to get "..POC lines for 2018 weekly..." or some other indicator. if so which one? have a nice

Hello Trader Waldo, There were 160 Pip Bull Power in the EURUSD today, despite weak eurozone figures. I draw my POC lines by hand without an indicator. I'm looking for the best possible Equlibrium I then mark. I use the TPO Indicator only occasionally to see in which price range the market moves. Under no circumstances should you use the TPO indicator to determine the POC lines. That goes wrong. Have a nice weekend

--- 帖子 #112 ---
Easy increase in trading efficiency!

Dear Traders,

As requested, you will receive a few tips today on the topic of financial management. I would like to neglect the chance risk ratio, stop loss or take profit. The background: Each trading style needs different values of these individual factors. There are traders who work with a stop loss of 5 PIP while others use 30 PIP or no stop loss. This risk limitation must be estimated by every trader. A scalper will often take a different chance risk ratio than a swing trader.

Today it will be about profit optimization in trading.

The calculation is relatively simple and only requires a few numbers. Let's take an example.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In the left box you see the overall result within a period. In the middle box the split result of the buy order in the right box the sell order.

The two most important values are the pay-off ratio and the expected value.

Pay-Off Ratio = (Average Profit) / (Average Loss)

There are traders who have a hit rate of less than 40% and yet earn a lot of money. The secret, they have optimized their pay-off ratio. It means making sure the winners are bigger than the losers. A pay-off ratio of 0.2 means that in case of loss you need 5 winners to get back to 0. A pay-off ratio of 1 means that in case of loss you need 1 winner to be back at 0. The smaller the pay-off ratio, the higher the likelihood of total loss.

Expected value (Expetancy) = winrate * (average earnings) - loss ratio * (average losers)

In our case Expected Value = (0.729 * 10.34 PIP) - (0.271 * 7.45 PIP) = 5.52 PIP per trade

The expected value determines my profitability.

As you can see, we now differentiate between Buy Order and Sell Order.

I've found that the efficiency of the sell order is almost twice as high as the efficiency of the buy order. That means when I go short, I have almost twice the efficiency of going to long. Of course, this is often dependent on the trend that currently prevails in the market.

Now, if you perform this calculation for all the currency pairs you trade, you will have the following information.

1. Which currency pair is best for me?

2. Am I a seller or a shorter?

Now you can focus on the currency pairs, indicia or commodities where you are really good.

If you now only focus on the short positions in our example, that would look like this.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In effect, you would have 200 PIP more income over the same period if you only trade short positions. And you have not changed your trading strategy yet. Of course, this result does not have to happen that way, but the probability is high.

Then it's all about optimizing the winrate, the pay-off ratio and the expected value to trade profitably.

Of course, there are very professional programs, I recommend: Think easy!!!

I wish you much success

Talk easy, but think complicated, not the other way around.

--- 帖子 #113 ---
you pocking to me ?
Attached File(s)   marketprofile_trendlines.mq4

76 KB
|
1,372 downloads

--- 帖子 #114 ---
Hello rosalieone,

Welcome to our block, of course you will get a Like for this indicator. He very well filters the main POC, in the medium term. Thank you very much. A short-term trader will not be spared the task of identifying and drawing individual POCs. I would be very happy if you continue to contribute to your POC experience.

I would be glad, if you can use some ideas from our block.

Let's hope that one day there will be no franc shock (EURCHF 1/15/15) in EURUSD

Best regards in the beautiful Switzerland

--- 帖子 #115 ---
Learn to fly without autopilot!

Hello dear traders,

Thanks again for your contributions and assistance in finding the ultimate POC. I used the TPO indicator in the short term a few years ago. He also shows the POC lines, but you should be careful here and even look for the Equilibrium.

Here is a current example of today in EURUSD

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Let's look at point 1. The indicator shows the POC line a bit too high. My sell limit would not have been triggered.

Point 2 was not displayed with the indicator.

Point 3 was a bit too high in the indicator, but would have triggered the sell limit order.

You look very nice that indicators are a help. As before, the price chart is the best help. Get help with the search for the POC from the Indicator, but intervene manually.

At the beginning I recommend to work exclusively with the price chart, if you can master that, you are welcome to resort to the help of indicators.

If you learn to fly an airplane, you will learn to do so without an autopilot, after which the autopilot will help you to take a few moves, but in extreme situations it is powerless.

Please keep in mind: The stock market is mostly extreme!

I wish you a successful week.

Best regards

--- 帖子 #116 ---
Hello Night Fox,

if you have progressed, have written a nice article on efficient trading.

Best regards

--- 帖子 #117 ---
The cop rises above the bear?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Hello dear traders,

As already written in some contributions at the beginning of January 2018, the year 2018 could become another bull year. Now the time has come and we are exactly in an important resistance line, which will decide on the future.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Should the monthly price break that strong resistance line, chances are good that we will see further upside potential. This could then apply for the next 5-6 years. How far the course develops, no one can predict.

Take a look at the POC on the smaller timeframes and form your own opinion.

Not the news, but the buyers and sellers are changing the market.

Good luck.

--- 帖子 #118 ---
I can predict it. USD will get stronger. In the next 5-6 years to come. At it's peak it will get to 0.85 on EURUSD...

In March-May 2018, EU will start it's fall. I hope it is earlier, but it is unlikely...

--- 帖子 #119 ---
Hello Money Zilla,

I would be absolutely right, because I prefer to trade down. We will see what the market has to do with us.

Have a nice Weekend

--- 帖子 #120 ---
nice figurines  , gold ? brass?

how many monitors you have, size?

---

i looked charts by AVA, AdmiralMarkets, Fxpro...but they only have up to 1992 data for EURUSD. on your picture is 1972 if I am not mistaken so who is providing you that far? TPO?

yes and no. all relevant information (including news and many other that retail trader have no clue about) is incorporated in price so yes buyers and sellers are changing price based on information they have.

--- 帖子 #121 ---
Hallo Trader Waldo,

I currently work with 7 monitors, 4 monitors are the size of 32 "with a screen of 1920x1080 pixels.To ensure a fast speed I work with two fast i7 processors, two SSD drives and 5 external graphics cards, cable Internet and LTE Internet is an uninterruptible power supply that does not compromise safety.

I'm about to install 4 more 32 " monitors to use the small monitors for info, dashboard etc. 7 x 32" monitors use for the different time units 1,5,15,30, 1H, 4H, D and the eighth Monitor to the trade. The advantage is that at the same time I have all the POCs of all times in mind. This makes the identification of equality easier. Only important is the price chart. No Renko, no Heikin Ashi, but the normal bar chart with dark shadows to better identify the POC. I also do not work according to the market technique or candle pattern, because the candles are represented by the different time patterns purely by chance. That's why I need all the time units of a currency pair at a glance. Since only the pure bar chart is displayed on all monitors, the overview is easy. I think that in this case I turn off my resistance and support lines in small time units. This means that I have charted a resistance line in 4H Chart that I would like to unify through the small timeframes and recognize that the course is activated in that zone. This helps me make faster decisions to activate or break the zone.

The course data can be downloaded for free with MetaTrader 4 via Meta Quotes. This goes through the history database but must increase the options of the candle to 99999999999999. But this should be done with care.

When this happens, your data will be overwritten. Secondly, your computer will slow down as there is much more data available, especially when working with memory-eating indicators. Then it can come to a computer crash.

Download a new MetaTrader and start playing it in 1971. Then you have fewer problems.

When you do the main job, I recommend investing in good technology. Whether you work with Apple, Linux or Windows is always a matter of opinion.

I accept your opinion about news. For me, news is positive or negative irrelevant. Jerks for me how the market reacts.

I hope I can help you and wish you a nice weekend.

--- 帖子 #122 ---
Hello Bionics,

Thanks for this post.

What do you mean by ""behave properly when in loss"?

Is it about managing the loss when a trade is in negative..as in, cutting short the loss without taking full stop loss when the price does not seem to go in  the direction of trade?

OR

Is it about entering next trade after a loss or two etc?

Best Regards,

srby

--- 帖子 #123 ---
Hello again Bionics,

Currently, my trading has so much inefficiency. Very small average win for the sake of higher win rate. My psychological drama :-)

I have to work on this aspect and fix it to increase my trading efficiency.

Thanks.

Best Regards,

srby

--- 帖子 #124 ---
I'm in!

Erik

--- 帖子 #125 ---
Hello gogonkt,

First of all, welcome to our blog. I am pleased that you want to get involved and invite you to this.

Have fun and good luck

Best regards

--- 帖子 #126 ---
Hello srby,

First of all, thank you for your comment. I would like to give you an answer to your question. With the right behavior in case of loss several things are meant.

Many traders continue to pull the stop down because they believe the course is turning again. Once you've set your stop, you should stick to it 100%, no matter what the market does afterward. Another point is the psychological side. If you make a profit, you have to accept losses as well. Trading is like your own business. There are also losses there, that's completely normal. But many want to avoid losses and keep pulling their stop. If my set stop is triggered, then it is the same. It often happens that the course returns shortly thereafter. Many dealers are now annoyed. I'm not annoyed by that, but I'm glad that my assessment was correct, but I still have to work at the right entry point. I immediately forget about my loss and focus on the next trade.

When I started as a Scalper many years ago, I came to a quota of over 85% where I was right. But the profits were small, compared to the losses. So at some point I started to run the trade and after a while pulled the stop on the start and just waited. This made the win loss ratio much better. It never annoyed me when the course came back and I was stopped out. This behavior often allowed me to take 10 to 20 times my risk as a profit.

If you deal with the POC and have enough experience, you have much better chances. Today I am able to act with a stop of 2 - 4 Pip. But you should already have some experience. Of course I work with higher contracts in the short term. But I will post a detailed report, because there are many brokers, which are unsuitable for it.
I wish you a nice weekend and I look forward to hearing from you again.

Best regards

--- 帖子 #127 ---
Hello Bionics,

Thank you for giving me the link of this thread.

I am in and subscribed to the link.

--- 帖子 #128 ---
Hello Rahima Motale,

Very much, and welcome

Best regards

--- 帖子 #129 ---
Hello dear traders,

The sideways range is very good to trade with the POC, it is good to sail in a calm channel.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

But that's just the calm before the storm. Let's see when the storm starts up. Up to 1.24 then we have little obstacles.

Good luck and see you soon.

--- 帖子 #130 ---
Problem of traders: carbon dioxide

I've been asked what a small white box this is, left in the picture next to my trading station.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

It is a Co2 meter. What does a trader need a CO2 meter for?

Carbon dioxide or carbon dioxide is a chemical compound of carbon and oxygen with the molecular formula CO2. In high concentrations, this gas can be toxic to humans.

Outdoors there is a CO2 value of about 450 ppm (part per million). In closed rooms, especially in winter, the value can increase enormously.

For values below 800 ppm, the indoor air quality is considered good, values between 800 and 1000 ppm (0.08 to 0.1% by volume) are considered moderate, values from 1000 to 1400 ppm as moderate quality. For values above 1400 ppm, the indoor air quality is considered low. Then you should air. Before I bought the meter, I often had a headache while trading or was tired.

Carbon dioxide dissolved in the blood activates the respiratory center of the brain in physiological and slightly increased concentration. This means that the brain gets too little oxygen. In closed rooms, this often does not occur, you get tired and you get a bad headache.

Since I have the meter I'm warned. As soon as the room air reaches a value of more than 1,400 ppm, the device answers. Then I open the windows for 5 - 10 minutes and the value has dropped to 500 ppm.

Depending on how many people are in the room, the CO2 value goes up faster or slower.

Since then, I'm not tired anymore, I rarely have a headache and the concentration is optimal. I gave such a device to my son's school. If there are 20 children in a room, the CO2 levels are significantly worse. Since they now open the windows more often, the children can concentrate much better.

Such a device you get on Ebay or in stores, it costs about $ 130. Compared to the benefit is little money. Of course you can also open the window from time to time, but you know even if you are in a fever in trading that is quickly forgotten.

Healthy life includes good air and low CO2. Of course, this includes sports, the right diet and a lot of drinking.

Headache and tiredness done.

I wish you a nice week

--- 帖子 #131 ---
Hello dear traders,

Today at 14:50, I expected that there will be a small storm and the EURUSD will not stay within its range. There was a little storm, at least 55 pip up. Then he failed the course the second time at 1.23. I think he tries it again.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

It's not that I was right, the chance was 50% , it's about how important the POC lines are.

This allows us to often predict the course rotators. Unfortunately, not always.

Beautiful evening

--- 帖子 #132 ---
Bionics, whay you won't buy some plants to your room? co2=plant + o

--- 帖子 #133 ---
Hello fx.maniek

welcome at our place. I have some plants in the room, but it would take a whole forest to absorb the CO2.  We exhale 40,000 ppm of CO2, the plants do not manage in the long run.

best regards

--- 帖子 #134 ---
Hello dear traders,

attached the evaluation of my recommendation before 26 hours.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I wish you a nice evening

--- 帖子 #135 ---
Dear Traders,

Due to the past in the EURUSD, one could assume that the price may develop in the course of 2018.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

One key reason is the Tripple Top that was formed in Mar 15, Nov 15 and Dec 16. This pressure from below could cause prices to rise further in the long term.

However, it goes up in wave movements.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In the weekly chart of the EURUSD, I have once more accurately drawn possible POC lines. These are considered support or resistance levels. The range is between 1.19900 and 1.39900.

Regardless of whether this assumption is right or wrong, it is crucial to chart these POC lines and break them down to smaller units of time.

Why this long-term view?

When I start a journey, I first have to know my destination. Then I plan to stop and start my journey. Obviously, obstacles or problems may occur during this journey. Maybe I have to take a detour or cancel the trip. Important is. I know where I want to go. When and if I arrive first does not matter.

Observe the price chart and how it behaves at the individual zones. This increases your chances of entering the right trade.

Therefore, it does not matter if my forecast for 2018 actually occurs or not. I have a goal. Since I'm not a long-term trader, I can always modify my way if the situation requires it.

Best regards

--- 帖子 #136 ---
Dear Traders,

Tonight we had more movement in the Asian region than on average.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

This could be an indication that we are either entering a stronger correction phase or that prices are going up sharply in the near future.

Look at the momentum, it gives you lots of direction.

best regards

--- 帖子 #137 ---
How do I create important POCs from the past?

Hello dear traders,

As you know, there are 3 states in the market.

1st offer outweighs the demand = price drops

2. Demand outweighs the offer = price rises

3. Supply and demand are balanced

We do not want to act in equilibrium, so we wait until the price goes up or down. The price rises or falls on the POC lines, which we do not find with the help of indicators, but have to draw ourselves. Of course, there are indicators that are very unreliable.

If the course goes up in wavy lines and then falls again, it is easy to determine the POC, because the balance is in the immediate vicinity.

But what happens if the price rises like in the last weeks and you can not find a POC because there is no POC.

The answer: you just have to go far enough into the past.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In the overview of the monthly chart you can see the yellow circle no. 1, which has given the course of 1.24 strong movements. So let's take a closer look at these movements in the 15 M chart. (If there is no important balance, we go to circle 2 or circle 3).

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In 15 M Chart Dec 14 I then used the price equilibrium to draw my POC lines (in green). Note that these price movements are over 3 years ago.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Now let's take a look at the current chart EURUSD 23.-24. January 2018. As you can see, this works perfectly. While it is not always possible to predict how the price will behave at the POC, it is easier to anticipate in a smaller unit of time. It is crucial to first identify the balance. After that it can only go up or down. This helps me enormously in the calculation of my trades. With this help, I get a big advantage in the market. If you keep an eye on the momentum, anticipate how the big players think and read their footprints, you already have the key to success in your hands.

Best regards

--- 帖子 #138 ---
Hello dear traders,

Here is the update of the chart I posted this morning.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Best regards

--- 帖子 #139 ---
Fantastic thread, Michael.

--- 帖子 #140 ---
Hello Joeyd, welcome to our block. Thank you very much for your kind words. I hope that we can give you valuable information with this block. I am looking forward to an informative exchange.

best regards

--- 帖子 #141 ---
Trump shoots the euro long term to 1.60

Hello dear traders,

Enclosed an interesting article by Godmode Trader from Germany. Unfortunately I did not find this article in english. But you can have this article translated by google.

https://www.godmode-trader.de/analyse/eurusd-langfristige-euro-rally-mit-ziel-16000,5681615

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

best regards

--- 帖子 #142 ---
Hi Michael,

could you share the inidcator ot the template with "Pips on chart" .

Regards,

John

--- 帖子 #143 ---
Hello John,

I do it with pleasure. I think this is the following indicator:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

However, this chart image is only used in the morning for analysis at 07:00 CET before London opens. Please note the right time to set.

best regards

Attached File(s)   Sessions_v2_2.ex4

34 KB
|
838 downloads

Attached File(s)   Sessions_v2_2.mq4

23 KB
|
997 downloads

--- 帖子 #144 ---
Thankyou very much. I can't check at the moment but I guess so.

I wanted to have Pips like you have on chart e.g 10pips, 20 pips etc.

--- 帖子 #145 ---
Hello John,

now I know what you mean:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Enclosed the indicator

Best regards

Attached File(s)   Open Levels Historical.ex4

44 KB
|
1,294 downloads

--- 帖子 #146 ---
How to use the POC profitably.

Hello dear traders,

From today's EURUSD, I'd like to show you how Equilibrium (POC) is determined and what happened next.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The first POC was drawn at 12:20 CET, the second POC at 13:00 CET, the third at 13:50 CET and the fourth at 14:00 CET. In the second POC you can see very nicely how the price is in a downtrend. Suddenly a balance develops and then the course breaks down sharply. Therefore, this POC line was a strong resistance for me. The first POC was also strong but not that crucial. Although the 3rd and 4th POC lines are either resistance or support, they had to be watched closely when touched.
The lower POC was a strong resistance zone, let's see where it came from.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

On the 25th of January from 21:30 CET the first POC was formed. As you can see, this zone is crucial. When the price went down this morning at 9:30 CET, it was safe to assume that the price had fallen long enough to hold the resistance zone. Let's go back to the chart image.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

As you can see, you could have done quite clean 3 trades, even though we were actually moving in a sideways range. 90 Pip is a very good result in 2 hours, especially as there was a risk allocation here. The price was up again to the second resistance level on the first trade, but you would not have made a big loss here. Although the second trade went down about 2 pip, it would have triggered my maximum stop after 4 pip. Nevertheless, it went up 30 pip. The 3rd trade hesitated at the beginning because of the 3rd POC, but then went through cleanly up to take profit. My recommendation: Do not pull take profit up to the resistance level, so you better get something out in advance. The range was always 35 pip, so I only calculated with 30 pip.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Another interesting aspect: the big players. From 09:00 CET to 14:00 CET, the price today was about 60 pip down. At 14:30 CET there was a strong upward movement of 25 pip. Then it went downhill. What happened? A big player had placed a sell order within the 1st POC. At around 14:30 CET, where everyone thought the price was going down again, he gave up a buy order with a take profit at the price level of his sell limit order. The price jumped up, his take profit triggered and at the same time the sell limit order and the price went down automatically. The course came back a bit and was then pushed down by another order. The rest was done by the small players who wanted to go downstairs. So the big player was able to collect 70 pip in 45 minutes. That's not much, but absolutely sufficient for this range. Of course, there are 100 other reasons that may actually have expired, it is important to think about how the big players act. To juggle with 50,000 euros is easy, try that with a few million or billions. You have to be very creative in order to increase the assets of investors and to generate a return of 24% at the end of the year.

You see, it's important to take a closer look and study the big player approach. We can never win against the big players even if all the Forex Factory traders team up. The big ones would just laugh at that. We have only one chance, we can not fight against them, we just have to let them take us away. All we have to do is know where the big ones are going. Learn how to draw the POC correctly and practice it daily. The best total of 10,000 hours, then you are professional. Use indicators to support, but not in the main chart, only your POC counts and what you see.

Once you've found your profitable system, focus on it and forget about the POC. If not, you have a great chance to reach your goal with the POC.

Best regards

--- 帖子 #147 ---
I missed your response since did not indicated correctly as reply to me. what to say for monitors, just wow!! regarding data on chart since 1971 is another wow!!! I cannot have it. broker does not provide it and computer crush would be unavoidable.

your POC(point of control) is actually where you think is equilibrium an you draw them manually. on some chart you use TPO indicator or some other you have. If you are willing to share them please upload it...

have a good weekend.

--- 帖子 #148 ---
Hello Trader Waldo,

The data update of the history database has nothing to do with the broker. Here is a video how to do it.

Inserted Video

Recommendation: Download a new MT4 on your PC and play first the data in there. Then you can see if there is a crash. This is worthwhile in any case to identify the POC from the past. You get up to 20x more data than before. In the 5 minute area I can go back to 4 years.

I like to upload the TPO indicators, but they do not help me identify the Equilibrium. They only show you in which price range the price has often stayed. That may or may not be the ultimate POC. You can only do that with feeling and experience. As I said, spend 10,000 hours on it and you're a professional. Many traders believe that the indicators help. The fact is that you only need someone to tell you: buy or sell. Since I rely solely on the price chart and what I see. That's faster than any indicator. I will write a blog about this in the near future.

I like to send you the indicators.

I wish you a nice weekend.

Attached File(s)   !TPO.ex4

43 KB
|
1,129 downloads
Attached File(s)   !TPO.mq4

18 KB
|
1,332 downloads
Attached File(s)   !TPO-Range.ex4

48 KB
|
1,144 downloads
Attached File(s)   !TPO-Range.mq4

20 KB
|
1,338 downloads

--- 帖子 #149 ---
Nice thread Bionics, thanks for creating this.

So, some other indicators can be used to help us to find the Equilibrium manually, this is great. Thanks for your TPO indicators, will try it ... Do we need to change the setting of indicator based on each TF we use (i mean, different TF need different setting) ? Thanks in advance.

--- 帖子 #150 ---
Hello phoenix168,

Welcome to our blog. I invite you cordially and look forward to a constructive exchange. Enjoy and good luck

best regards

--- 帖子 #151 ---
this thread is fairly interesting. i thought i'd provide some ideas that i personally use.

as per my ideas, a level has value once is passes another (low/high) that had value before. also when a level creates a new one and later comes back.

the rectangles are there because your lines where there, this the reason for their placement. now my interpretation is this.

1 creates the low 2, it is new but nvm. when we look at it (a) really created the low 2 but at this example 1 was the ultimate force that created it. hence 1 has a high power and (a) has some also. but the same merit (b) has little power.

later when 2 creates 3 it tells me just that = 2 had power. later the square d has power because c was created and d is "close" to 3. i usually define it as "the pins touch the previous bars on the other level". here: d pins touch into 3 level bars.

likewise i could draw more but 4 is created, it has power for one because it is relatively similar to 2, secondly it has power because it was created by a high powered 3.

you may debate this but that is how i define everything. it leads up to many of the same levels that you outline. please understand i could have marked so many more, it would be to messy to display. the example is what i want to show here.

ymmv. note, i have no clue how to attach images to the forum. sorry.

--- 帖子 #152 ---
Hi Michael,

Thanks for your session indicator. To understand Equilibrium properly, do we need to stick on the right session for each pair we trade ? Example: If we trade AUDUSD, so we must look at Asian session (and may be US session too). If we trade GBPUSD or EURUSD, we must look at London session (and may be US session too). Or we just need to look at the best session, in which the prize move (having big volatility) at the most ?

--- 帖子 #153 ---
Hello evilmeatball,

First of all thank you for your kind words and your interesting contribution. We all aim to identify the turning points of a small or big trend. As you can see from your example, there are many ways to identify these turning points. You are absolutely right, the momentum of a movement is crucial to locate future turning points.

I myself belong to the visual types who think about pictures. That is why it is crucial for me to understand the course of a trend through images.

Basically, I do not believe in indicators like RSI, Moving Average, MACD and so on. I will also do a post. However, so-called auxiliary indicators facilitate the identification of certain levels. Important: Due to an indicator, I will never start or stop a trade, but always on the basis of my stipulated provisions.

In the following chart, I used two auxiliary indicators that I set at the end.

1. Momentum candles

This indicator filters out the strong momentum of individual candles. Thus, I recognize the balance faster and strong trends up or down.

2. Ticks Separate Volumes

Is actually the same indicator for me, but here the momentum is displayed comparably to each other, since the candles in the chart are positioned at different heights. The settings of the indicators must be adjusted individually here.

Let's take a look at the chart you sent me.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

At point 1 you can see very nicely how a big player pushes up the course with strong momentum. Not to turn the trend around, but to buy cheaper again, since the short-term trend is down for now. I did a detailed post on Friday.

After the price went up sharply, it was massively pushed down (by a sell-limit order of the same big player). My red arrow marks the strong momentum. In the chart image, this is difficult to recognize because of the time unit in which a candle is formed. That's why I do not pay attention to candle formations. I have drawn this bearish print with a red background bar. It is now very interesting to see what happens when the course enters this zone. Point 2,3 and 4. The course we rejected and pushed down. This means that here the bears have the helm in their hands. Until the sellers are satisfied and new buyers find their way through the zone.

But where did this bearish pressure come from?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Let's go back in the 5 minute chart until the 25th of January at 19:00 CET. At point 1 there is an equilibrium (purple line). Now the course (red arrow) was pressed down strongly. This was a strong bearish zone for me now. At point 3 there was a pressure upwards. As you can see the course has slowly penetrated into the bearish zone and accelerated at the shot with momentum. At my marked zone he turned and ran down. Every time the bullish momentum course tried to run up, it was rejected because the pressure from above was too high.

To keep the whole thing a bit more detailed, I like to work with an hourly chart.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

There I draw in green and red lines. The green lines for strong momentum up, the red for strong momentum down. Now I watch what happens at these crucial zones with the course and can thus draw possible conclusions about future developments. For me, the two green lines mean that the price can turn upwards again.

Of course, in the smaller time units, balances are now crucial. These signal me the entry and exit. The whole thing is a practice thing like everything in the world. Remember, to study a profession, I have to spend at least 10,000 hours. To be professional in it 30,000 hours. It's only a matter of time, nothing more.

best regards

Attached File(s)   Momentum Candles v1.01.ex4

9 KB
|
1,134 downloads
Attached File(s)   Momentum Candles v1.01.mq4

2 KB
|
1,295 downloads
Attached File(s)   TicksSeparateVolume.ex4

14 KB
|
1,031 downloads
Attached File(s)   TicksSeparateVolume.mq4

5 KB
|
1,284 downloads

--- 帖子 #154 ---
Hello phoenix168,

Thank you for your question, I recommend you to approach the matter easier. A balance arises in that the market participants (buyers and sellers) are satisfied. Demand and supply are thus balanced. After equilibrium, a pressure on demand or supply arises again. And until it comes to a balance again. This has nothing to do with the different trading venues. The different trading venues have only a different number of traders, which therefore move more or less money.

Let's look at an example:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

On January 25, the EURUSD price was pushed down sharply. Looking at the picture, one could assume that the Asian market made sure that the price was pushed up again. In fact, the trigger for that was the US session.

For me, the London and US session is very important to trading. The best time for me in EURUSD is between 07:00 - 11:00 CET and 13:00 - 20:00 CET. There is often higher volatility and volatility is a key to success.

What I pay attention to when there is more volatility in the Asian market than usual on average. That was the case on the 24th / 25th of January. (I had published in a blog) Then the courses in the London session went up massively.

Any pronounced balance can be crucial, no matter what session.

I recommend that you first find out which currency pairs you have the most success with. Which trading style suits you? Can you better go up or down? What time unit is yours, your personal Moneymanagement as well as the chart setting, indicators and much more.

For this I have also published a blog.

At the beginning I made the mistake to trade too many currency pairs and lost the overview. The EURUSD currency pair is always dependent on the strength of the euro and the strength of the dollar. This strength is determined by many factors. Politics, industry, stability, economic growth, banks, ECB, Fed and much more.

How do you want to keep an eye on everything with different currency pairs?

In the EURUSD, for example, it is also important to keep an eye on the dollar index as well as the respective currency strength.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In addition, the COT data that show you where the individual investors are positioned is crucial.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Can you watch it for free at:
https://freecotdata.com/currencies-2/.

You can get information about COT here at Forex Factory.

But do not believe it if you download all those indicators or tools that will make you more successful. You will only be more confused.

That's why I focus on what I'm good at and where I know it. There I get the profits that make me a livelihood.

See Forex Factory as a big buffet. Here you will be offered a lot. You have to find out what you like. It may also happen that my trading style does not suit you. That's not bad, because then you know what is not working for you and the chance to find the right one is automatically bigger.

There are great traders here whose style is not for me. Every successful trader has his permission. Listen to your feelings to find the right one for you.

I would be very happy if you take some tips from this blog and thus improve your success. There is also this blog.

best regards

--- 帖子 #155 ---
what is strength indicator? second chart indicator?

the more indicators on chart the more information to process.

--- 帖子 #156 ---
Hello Trader Waldo,

There are different strength indicators. I meant the indicator that I post at the end. I do not work on my main chart. There I only record my POC. The more indicators you use, the more confusing it gets. That's why I set up a screen where I have the most important information at a glance.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

They need a lot of performance to work properly. For this you should use a fast i7 processor, a lot of RAM and at least 50 MBit Internet speed, otherwise it will be very slow. This info screen consumes 3 GB of RAM on its own.

However, these indicators are never the basis of my trades. I keep an eye on them from time to time. However, it is also fine without.

best regards

Attached File(s)   +RS_GROUP_EUR V1.2.ex4

5 KB
|
889 downloads
Attached File(s)   +RS_GROUP_USD V1.2.ex4

5 KB
|
917 downloads

--- 帖子 #157 ---
short 1.2365==>1.2295?
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #158 ---
Hello dear traders,

An interesting resistance is imminent in the EURCHF

On 15.01.2015 there was the franc shock

Let's take a look at what happened to the USDCHF.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The price slipped from 1.018 in seconds to 0.855 (1.600 pip). But already after 49 days the course came back into the POC zone. What happened? The price went down about 1,000 pip for the next 50 days.

Let's look at the EURCHF

The price dropped within seconds from 1.20 to 0.97. (2,200 pip)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The course has still not made it into the POC zone after 950 days. Now we are nearing a decisive phase. I think we will reach the zone relatively quickly. And then?

Now I recommend you to watch this zone as you enter the course. As it seems, the zone could push down the course and give us some good shorts.

I wish you a nice day

--- 帖子 #159 ---
Hi Michael,

This is interesting. So, you have 1 PC with double core Processor , or 2 PCs with each i7 processor in it ?  What is the type of your motherboard (must we choose a specific motherboard) so we can add some external graphic cards to control some extra monitors ?

Could you please explain more about this, or give a clue where can i find this kind of information ?  Thanks in advance Michael.

--- 帖子 #160 ---
This guy is wrong. The bottom of the next 7 years will be a little over or BELOW his 3rd cycle's bottom. And the cycles are around 10 years each. This is not statistics he is using, it is stuck-mystic...

--- 帖子 #161 ---
Hello phoenix168

I work with two fast i7 processors, each with 4 cores, two SSD drives and 5 external graphics cards, cable Internet and LTE Internet an uninterruptible power supply, which does not endanger the security.

However, I do not know if you need it right at the beginning. I think that you can easily get started with 2 screens and a slow PC is enough.

For example, if you play hockey, you will not automatically play better with a better hockey stick. That's why I recommend you to work with what you have. If you can afford it, it's always good to invest in your own business.

But a faster PC will not change your way of trading. Actually, you have everything you need. Use your time and sit in front of the chart. After 10,000 hours you do not need a fast PC anymore.

By the way: Ken Block (a rally driver) drives faster around the corner with an old Ford than we do in a new Porsche.

It does not depend on the PC, but on the person sitting in front of it.

best regards

--- 帖子 #162 ---
Hello Money Zilla,

To be honest, I would be happy to know where the journey is going today. But it will remain exciting and in the end will have the right to benefit from the course. I wish that to all of us.

best regards

--- 帖子 #163 ---
Keeping things simple.

--- 帖子 #164 ---
Hello Trader Waldo,

I recommend using the Momentum Candles indicator to only show the strong momentum. If you color the rest of the candles in gray, you will be able to identify the balance more easily.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

best regards

--- 帖子 #165 ---
Hello dear traders,

in short, a nice example of POC

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

On the 24th of January at 13:00 CET a nice balance was formed. Today, the price fell into this zone and then rose above 50 pip.

I wish you a nice evening

--- 帖子 #166 ---
Great threat, congratulations  you found a way for you to see the market flow. That's extremely important. Don't stop do this and practise. The people here can learn a lot from you.

--- 帖子 #167 ---
Hello expertgermany

Thanks for the nice compliment. This blog was founded to help others while helping myself. This is a win-win situation. I would like to invite you to talk with us.

A lovely evening

--- 帖子 #168 ---
Hello Parisboy,

Thank you for your statement: Keeping think simple. That's exactly the approach we follow. As the saying goes: One thing is good if you can not leave anything out.

Have a nice evening.

--- 帖子 #169 ---
Thanks Michael, i just curious about this hardware, because we produce so many good quality motherboards here in Taiwan (Asus, Gigabyte, etc), but i myself do not know how to make use of just 1 or 2 PCs to show so many things separately using some extended monitors, without investing some more PCs ... i know i am always late in technology ...   ....  i just think, may be some years in the future i will need them, so i do not need to buy 7 PCs to watch at my 7 monitors ...  ... I assume, that you just need 1 keyboard and 1 mouse for each PC, only add some external graphic card for extended monitors. Sorry, my question is out of the goal of this thread. Anyway, thanks again for your good heart Michael.  ...

--- 帖子 #170 ---
Hi Michael,

Is there a rule, how many times prize can touch the Supply/Demand zone ? or in other words, do you have statistic How Long (in bars or in minutes) a zone can be defined as still Valid (not expired) ?

--- 帖子 #171 ---
Hello phoenix168,

Unfortunately, I am not a computer specialist to create an optimal trading station. With external graphics cards, you can operate up to 6 monitors per PC as far as I know. With a mouse and keyboard you can use all 6 monitors. At Forex Factory you'll find better specialists than me. Not that I do not want to help you, but unfortunately my knowledge is not sufficient enough to answer your questions completely.

Unfortunately, when trading, there is no time rule to act on. For me, a supply / demand zone should be fresh, which means the price was not there at best. This does not always work.

There are certain price zones that are active over many years and work again and again. That's why my trading day is not boring, because like a scout I'm always in search of the crucial zones.

Choose a currency pair and focus on it. It's a lot of work because it requires a lot of flair and empathy. This style of trading is one of the more sophisticated ones and is not as simple as: When a red candle comes, you have to go short. It takes discipline and perseverance. It also takes time when you learn a new profession.

Some traders believe here, just quick trading and tomorrow millionaire. If they knew who they were playing against. As a beginner footballer, you are playing against Messi and Ronaldo and you know how that works out.

You have to play with the pros and that's why you need twice as much discipline.

Remember: After the sweat comes the success. Read this blog carefully and start to train. Success will prove you right.

best regards

--- 帖子 #172 ---
I mainly use a pencil, a rubber, a ruler and a protractor !

--- 帖子 #173 ---
Hello Parisboy,

My compliment, that requires a lot of experience and training. I see you have found your successful trading style and use it consistently. We have something in common with this. Because I'm passionate about technology, I use computer-based technology efficiently for me.

This is the beauty of successful traders, they have different approaches to solve a challenge, but in principle the same goal.

I wish you a successful week

--- 帖子 #174 ---
Indicators- with 200 in the one-way street?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Please note that this is just my personal opinion. Life experiences collected over the past 30 years should be thought-provoking and will not hurt or offend anyone. I am happy to learn something new every day. Especially by beginners who sometimes ask questions that stimulate thinking.

When I ordered my first shares by telephone at Deutsche Bank in the 90s, no one had any idea where the stock market and foreign exchange market would develop. By the year 2000, banks were struggling with liquidity problems in the foreign exchange market. Most banks were unable to handle the orders of many customers because there was insufficient liquidity in the market. Often the order was executed at less favorable prices than desired by the customer.

The Internet brought a new era and the stock market got the chance to win more participants for a more liquid market. If someone sells, it needs a buyer on the other side, otherwise the deal can not be settled. With many smaller traders, the principle of mutual funds is applied and is a profit for the liquidity in the market.

When I started trading many years ago, I was almost struck down by the amount of information on the market. To get a market overview, I started the hard way across the indicators. Indicators should indicate the future market direction and show me trade signals for the entrances and exits. I was hoping to see when a market movement ended and the likelihood of a change in direction being highest.

I researched over 2,000 different indicators, tried out concepts and functionalities, made comparisons and viewed hundreds of videos.

I still remember the first indicator. The famous moving average. When the blue line touches the red line we sell and when the red touches the blue line we buy.
That should have worked, just not with me. MACD, RSI, Stochastic, WPR I took the full program with me. Alone the theater the right attitude in the right timeframe was already challenge enough.

Then the videos of individual brokers where alleged professionals in addition to advertising for the broker, their best tips and tricks betrayed. One of them had a total of 15 indicators in the chart and explained the procedure. All students wrote so fast that their fingers were smoking. Today I understand why most people are not successful.

Sometimes I already thought that the big investors invented the indicators to take the money from the small trader.. After all, they know that many traders are speculating on a turnaround in the 61 retracement.

Through my job as a financial analyst, I knew some people who had dealings with the stock market. A hedge fund broker advised me to clear out all the indicators and look at the chart image for 10,000 hours. That's all, I asked? That's all he answered, then you know how to do it. I thought first, he does not mean that, but he meant it very seriously.

I sat in front of my screen and thought that you never could. But gradually I recognized recurrent patterns, began to draw resistance and support lines myself and began to sell the first trades. It did not work better in the beginning than with the indicators, but it got easier with time.Today I get along very well, am independent and can divide my own time.
Indicators are there to pretend to you a security that does not exist in trading. However, humans need security in order to put their sorely earned money at risk. Since you do not trust yourself, you are more likely to trust an indicator. If it goes wrong, the indicator is to blame, or the market.

The indicator is always trailing, that is, it derives its values from past price movements. How do you want to make the right decision with a trailing information in a live trade?

The indicator also does not take into account the situation in which the market is currently located, where the traders' orders are hidden, where the liquidity is located and which balance leads to a reversal.

Indicators are already working, some will say now. That's right, because assuming the RSI overbought reverses and many traders act on it, it can work now and then.

Most indicators are nonsensical to me and bring nothing but loss. Thus, no EAs come into question for me, because I have more information with the help of the POC and like to make the decisions myself.
However, I do not think indicators are fundamentally bad. So-called auxiliary indicators, facilitate my work and provide a better overview.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The view is hardly limited, although here are almost 10 auxiliary indicators at work. The One Click Trading indicator is now indispensable to me. Many brokers already provide this tool for free. When I trade, all factors such as Stop, Take Profit, Trailing Stop, Time Close, Vertical or Horizontal Line Level are already set and cost me no time.

What alternative is there to the indicators?

To make long-term gains in the stock market, I need a knowledge advantage over the other traders. I can interpret this knowledge advantage only from the pure chart image. In addition, I have to put myself in the position of the big players and know how they think and act. Price Action Trading means to understand and apply market conditions.

Fundamental analysis is very important in equities trading, and the foreign exchange market is about balancing individual currency strengths. How do the different markets relate to each other and which market will make the day? But there are limits here. If there is a shutdown in America and there is no government in Germany, what is more affecting the price? The challenge is not to determine what affects the price more sustainably, but how the market reacts to it.
That's why I monitor these ratios, note also that there is an FED or ECB, but I am only marginally interested. So, if there is another session, I stay away from the market and read a good book at this time. Mostly nothing happens. The market is in high spirits and does not know where to go. An hour later, everything is clear again and it can go on. Yes, and if I missed a chance then it is not bad either. If I were to trade this kind of breakouts, I would have more loss than profit. Since I like the probability on my side. In addition, I am never so long-term oriented that fundamental analysis would be the right path for me.

So all that remains is the technical analysis. The technical analysis or chart analysis includes all assessments as well as trading decisions, which are made primarily on the basis of the price development.
The market technology has not brought me further, not because it is bad, but because it is unsuitable for me. I am very critical of the DOW theory, especially as it does not help me in smaller timeframes and the market has changed fundamentally today.
In candlelight analysis, one has to admit that, due to the formation of candles over time, different formations arise, which can be interpreted differently. That's too inaccurate for me.
So only the pure price chart remains. This is also inaccurate, due to the different brokers. It would change if you were shot straight to the stock market.
But the trick is to see more with one eye than others with two eyes.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The key "Equilibrium"

1. The price is determined by supply and demand in each market.
2. Any influence on the price will be returned from the price
3. Before the price moves up or down, a balance between supply and demand creates a balance.
4. If this balance is disturbed, the price moves in the direction of supply or in the direction of demand.
5. The price moves as long as supply or demand until there is a balance again. Then the whole thing starts from the beginning.

Most candles are where there is a balance. We do not want to trade there, because the price is not moving very much. So we have to act when there is no balance.

There are 3 different states in the market.

1. Offer outweighs the demand = price drops
2. Demand outweighs the offer = price rises
3. Supply and demand are balanced
According to the sellers the offer (short) there, while the buyers represent the demand (long).

These competing factors (supply and demand) meet each other in all markets and regulate the price.
In the stock market environment, the price strives to find a so-called equilibrium. At that moment, buyers and sellers are equally satisfied until an imbalance rebalances in favor of supply or demand. Then the prices rise or fall again.
But even if you can accurately identify supply and demand, you will not get on with it. Decisive are the zones where the supply outweighs the demand or the demand the supply.
Known as resistance or support.
These reversal points, which often have an increased volume, must be recognized.
There are many ways to work with resistance and support lines, I myself work with horizontal lines, because I have the best experience.

If you apply these insights, you will soon realize that your trade will improve. It may take a little while until success starts, but in the end they will agree with me.
I wish you that you do not take as long as I do and would be glad if you can do some things of it.

Best regards

--- 帖子 #175 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #176 ---
Then the videos of individual brokers where alleged professionals in addition to advertising for the broker, their best tips and tricks betrayed. One of them had a total of 15 indicators in the chart and explained the procedure. All students wrote so fast that their fingers were smoking. Today I understand why most people are not successful.

--- 帖子 #177 ---
Hello Parisboy,

Nice story, so I recommend never to actions to increase a vehicle, as many pay more than the vehicle is worth.

Reminds me a bit of building society savings.

In 1775, building society savings were invented in England. A house cost 10,000 pounds and was a lot of money. 10 people found themselves each had 1,000 pounds and had to save 10 years to move into his own house. The 10 people had an idea. They each throw the 1,000 pounds in a pot from who may buy a house first. Everyone committed to pay the 1,000 pounds a year into the pot until the last of them moved into a house.

Normally, every 10 years should have been until the purchase and collection. Through this idea, 9 people could buy a house earlier and even the last of them had no disadvantage, as he would have bought a house only in 10 years.

Today everything is much more complicated.

Best regards

--- 帖子 #178 ---
Hello dear traders,

We are curious to see if the EURUSD will manage to overcome the next two resistance levels this week. 1.2489 / 1.2493 and 1.2524 / 1.2532. That could then give the next bullish boost.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Best regards

--- 帖子 #179 ---
Best regards;

--- 帖子 #180 ---
hello bionik, I have read your comments from the beginning and find that very interesting. I'm more or less a beginner, but their comments will help me to improve my strategy and increase my chances of winning. I hope I can learn a lot from them and thank you.

Best regards from Freiburg / Brsg.

--- 帖子 #181 ---
Helllo Skipper13,

Welcome to our blog. Thanks for the nice compliment. I am very pleased that you have read the blog from the beginning, because there is already a lot of knowledge in it, which helps. Let's go together and improve our quota. That motivates the least.

Best regards

--- 帖子 #182 ---
Hi Bionics,

I am new in Forex, didn't have proper guidance and lost 10K. I don't have much now but would like to learn. Which currencies do you discuss here? or is it the trade processes?

--- 帖子 #183 ---
Trade the entire market with POC

Hello Honesttrader,

I'm glad that you found our blog and want to follow us.

Losing money as a beginner is a very bitter experience that every trader must join sooner or later. That's no shame. It is especially dramatic at the beginning of the learning process, as it increases your fear of losing even more.

Trading on the stock market is a business, but the risk of losing everything is part of it.

Nevertheless, it requires courage and passion, few people possess these qualities.

The will to learn has less to do with the money someone owns. A professor recommended me many years ago: Michael, if you want to succeed, you have to remain an eternal student. I have not forgotten this tip until today.

With the help of the POC (balance) you will be able to cover the entire trade. Whether currency pairs, commodities, indices and also conditionally stocks. In the long term, it is about localizing and implementing the decisive trend reversal in every unit of time.

This requires hard work and a lot of effort, but the result is convincing.

Please read this blog from the beginning, because you get a lot of hints and solutions.

I wish you every success and I am sure that you can take many basics of trading with you, whether you are a beginner or a professional.

Best regards

--- 帖子 #184 ---
http://prntscr.com/i81vqc

--- 帖子 #185 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #186 ---
How to determine the POC.

Hello Skipper13, hello dear Trader

a good approach, but misses the target. That's not bad, because the beginning is hard.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

While your point 1 is a balance in a larger unit of time, a 200 pip stop would be very unprofitable. Point 2 and 3 is not equilibrium. We take a closer look at point 4 in a smaller timeframe. The red lines look good, but the exact origin is missing. The important question is: where did they come from?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

A balance is always determined from a previous price. In the example you can see that nicely. Where the blue arrows are, the balance can only come from the past. Right there I have to go back in time to look for balance.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Let's take another look at your balance in the 1 hour chart image. Now we are looking for the POC.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

After we have determined the POC, we can see very well how the course has responded there. You see the resistance line 3 and 4. Where do these two lines come from? Answer: From the past.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

We go back to Nov / Dec 14. That was just before the crash, which then ran to 1.03 later. Once there I have drawn the most important POC for your range and marked them with numbers.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Let's take a look at the 1H chart image from Dec 17 to today. You can see very well how the course behaves on these POC lines. Now comes an important example. You can see at arrow no. 2 that the course does not run to the green resistance line but already turns upwards. This is because there is a stronger POC that I marked with arrow 1. You realize very well that you can not actually identify a POC there. I have already described this problem why candle formations are of no interest to me. It's just the time a candle is made. Of course you could have gotten this resistance from the year 2014, I deliberately renounced it once.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Now, when we switch to a smaller unit of time, we can better recognize and chart the strong balance.
This does not mean that the line drawn below is done now, this could still act as a strong resistance when the price comes down again.

Catch the POC and see how the course behaves on your POC. For that you need a lot of time and patience.
The result will reward you in the end.

best regards

--- 帖子 #187 ---
hello bionik, thank you very much for your comments. I will study it.

--- 帖子 #188 ---
Hello skipper13,

I would like to publish a post about how to achieve great results with the POC with a sensational auxiliary indicator, which unfortunately is still far too little known.

best regards

--- 帖子 #189 ---
Hello Bionics, I am reading your blog already the 2nd time, it is really so much knowledge in this block already. Thanks for sharing this and for your detailed input.

I have a question regarding the entries, sometimes you mention to watch carefull the price action for entry decission and sometimes you write that your limit order has been triggered.

Due to my daily work I cannot watch the screen permanently but need to work with limit order on certain price levels. I would place the SL some pips above / below the level range but how to determine the range more exactly? How are you able to work with 4-5 pip SL in this respect? Do you have a recommendation about the SL for limit order?

--- 帖子 #190 ---
How are you able to work with 4-5 pip SL in this respect? Do you have a recommendation about the SL for limit order?[/quote]

Hello Maddin,

this depends on the situation in which the market is located. If I have a strong resistance, I like to go in with a limitorder, as the price often comes off quickly after touching the resistance and I get in at a better price than with the manual order. If I am not so sure I go to the market manually.

If you have identified a POC, look at this POC in smaller timeframes. This allows you to limit the range and thus reduce the stop considerably. From time to time I also go in with a stop of 2-3 pip, so I can of course trade with a higher contract number.

This works best with trend reversals in the respective timeframes. In the middle of the price, such a small stop is just loss.

Particularly problematic to act are the extreme outbreaks. Often you can foresee that, if you pay attention to the big players in the market. Often this happens around 14:30.

Since the market usually only initiates a countermovement before it completes the actual outbreak, it is difficult to get the right entry there.

The big player pushes the price up to its limit order and then it goes off. This will stop all competitors from the market, so that the course runs as long as possible in the desired direction of the big player. It is also clear, if you take up a lot of smaller ones as a big player, they will start selling at some point. This obstructs the further price course upward.

For some years I used to go there with a buy or sell order in, but when the price goes down, you come in way too late, and when the price drops, you're stopped.

Today I prefer to go in manually, a limitorder is there too inaccurate, because here the POC can not be determined exactly.

Basically, you have to worry about what the limit is that you are willing to risk. After that, your number of contracts and your stop will depend.

The POC gives me a small advantage in anticipating what happens. However, the course comes at some point to the next POC line. There he can go through or come back directly. That's why I'm in the market for as long as I think I can assess the risk. Since I can only give the correct forecasts for a short period of time, a long stay in the market is not my thing.

But as I said, every trader has his opinion and is therefore right. Because everyone has to assess their own risk and then implement it.

For this implementation, I recommend a demo account until you have enough experience in this particular case.

best regards

--- 帖子 #191 ---
hello bionik, I found an indicator from a member of FF that could help me identify the Equilibrium.

Could you test it?

Thank you very much.

skipper13

Attached File(s)   SupportResistance (3).ex4

40 KB
|
590 downloads

--- 帖子 #192 ---
Morning setup before trading

Dear Trader

Every morning at 05:30 CET I prepare myself for the trading day. Briefly skim the news and briefly check which meetings or news can affect my preferred currency pair during the day. This information can be found very well at Forex Factory.

It does not interest me in which direction the currency pair could develop, but only if there will be possible confounding factors. As already written, the news is not decisive, but how the trade reacts to it. And nobody can predict that.

That's why I'm not interested in predictions but only in probabilities. And if I manage to turn those probabilities in my favor by having an information advantage over many others, it often takes minutes to profit from it. This works best with the POC (balance)

First, I notice in the morning how the Asian market ruled London and the US.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached File(s)   Sessions_v2_2.ex4

34 KB
|
714 downloads
Attached File(s)   TicksSeparateVolume.ex4

14 KB
|
774 downloads

Here I am working with an auxiliary indicator that clearly shows the individual time zones of London, USA and Asia. I also pay attention to the POC.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached File(s)   Momentum Candles v1.01.ex4

9 KB
|
791 downloads

Now I look at the hourly chart. How did the course react to the POC and what momentum prevails at what level. Where are new balances and how could this affect the future?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached File(s)   =MTF-Candlestick.ex4

9 KB
|
849 downloads
Attached File(s)   !Level Sensor new.ex4

13 KB
|
1,022 downloads

Before you start, I'll take a look at the 5 minute chart. At a glance I have the day candle, the 4 hour candles, the hour candles and the 5 minute candles with high momentum. In addition, a TPO that marks the frequent price ranges.

This was just for the overview, then I start in 5 minutes or 1 minute chart to draw the new POC to be prepared for the day. Then it starts.

It is unnecessary to sit in front of the screens all day long and wait for the big chance, which then usually passes by unexpectedly.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I once tried to highlight my favorite times in EURUSD.

From 06:00 to 08:00 CET, there is little momentum, but that is always very interesting to trade, as there are often clear trends during this time. At around 08:00 CET the volatility rises, after which there is often a minor correction.

I'm waiting a bit between 08:00 and 09:00 CET, with the London open, there is often a clear trend direction.

It's often quieter between 11:30 and 13:30 CET. Time to relax.

From 14.00 CET it continues until sometimes 20:00 CET.

For me a high momentum is interesting, I need clear statements from the market. As soon as an extremely high volatility prevails, I wait until the traders have calmed down again. With a little stop, you're at the wrong address.

Also, a ranking market can act in the short term with the POC super. Often it even works a few times, until the outbreak comes.

Outbreaks I rarely do. If I have identified a possible resistance zone and believe that the course goes through, I have to go in before. If it is a Fakeausbruch, I have earned nothing but nothing lost. When the course goes through, I did everything right.

During trading, only some of my POCs are crucial, yet I occasionally pay attention to my own dashboard about the short-term market condition. But with many indicators lagging behind, the price chart is the fastest way to get up-to-date information.

I hope there was some information that you can do, wish you much success and more trading profits than trading expenses.

Best regards

--- 帖子 #193 ---
Hello Skipper13

To validate this indicator, I would have to be a programmer. In this area, I know too little about being able to make a clear statement here, because I do not know all the valuation bases on which this indicator is based.

The indicator seems to operate with ZigZag settings. Here are points of contact to resistance or support. This is too imprecise for me, as turning off the course does not immediately become resistance.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here you can see examples of the balance and its effects, with the indicator that would have partially worked.

I recommend in the area to make own experiences. You'll see how you handle it. There are many traders who are successful with indicators.

I've tried over 2,000 indicators myself, but that only helped me on a short-term basis. I myself also use auxiliary indicators that facilitate my work. But I never use indicators for my entry or exit. I prefer to do that myself.

One more thing to think about. If you invented an indicator that could 100% predict the course, would you make it accessible to everyone?

It is a crazy job to create such an indicator and I have the greatest respect for those who know it.

I do not want to make any indicator bad, I think it's very helpful. But I would like to decide about my own money and not entrust this to any indicator.

Best regards

--- 帖子 #194 ---
Simply draw POC from the past

Dear Traders,

As already announced, today you get a great opportunity to compare the POC from the past directly with the current price.

As I have already written several times, you need a counter-course to draw the POC. If the price falls, then we have a counter-course which has previously gone up to draw a POC. The problem we currently have is that when the price goes up, we do not know where the next resistance is.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The right white box (inside the yellow border) is the current heading that should be aligned with the left white box to determine the future POC.

With the help of an indicator, we are able to place the two windows next to each other in real time in the chart. The POC lines that we will determine in Dec 2014 will automatically be transferred to the current chart. No matter which time unit, no matter which lines, no matter how many charts, all drawings are copied exactly automatically.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here I put the price from Dec 2014 next to the current chart from Jan 2018, as if it had happened yesterday. Both charts show the 15 M chart and the POC lines were transferred 1:1. This gives me an optimal overview and does not always have to scroll my chart back and forth.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The field of application is varied, here you can see how the 1 H chart automatically transfers all drawings to the 15 M chart.
A little tip: Download a separate MetaTrader and update the history database. This gives you up to 20 times more chart data available than your broker. Whether this chart data is really 100% correct I can not guarantee. That's why I work with an extra Metatrader. How to update the database can be found here:

Inserted Video

The large amount of data combined with the indicator requires a lot of performance.
Nevertheless, I'm glad to use this help.

The developer of this outstanding work, Nicholishen is a Florida professional trader. Many thanks to him for this great help. If you want to know more about this indicator:

https://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=683930

I wish you much success

best regards

Attached File(s)   Multi-Chart-Sync-safe-button.ex4

228 KB
|
929 downloads

--- 帖子 #195 ---
hello bionik,

Thank you for your comments.

In the meantime I have cleaned up my chart of many indicators, because with their help I realized that they are just followers. At the moment I have your indicator "Open Level Histrical". My view on the chart is much clearer now.

But I have to learn a lot to properly recognize the POC.

--- 帖子 #196 ---
Hello Trader Waldo,

Basically, I have all the timeframes on an extra screen in view.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The long-term POC is determined using the 4H or 1H chart. The medium-term with the 30M or 15M chart and the short-term with the 5M, 1M or 15 sec chart.

Then I compare my findings. If there are matches, I have more security to draw the POC.

Kind regards

--- 帖子 #197 ---
Hello Skipper13,

that will happen with time. It's just a matter of training. You are already well on the way.

best regards

--- 帖子 #198 ---
How to find the POC from 2014

Hello Trader Waldo,

like again the information about the timeframe and the procedure.

As described in the previous posts, I am currently looking for new POC Lines for the uptrend from late 2014 to June 2014. In the downtrend, I find the balance of the course that came only a short time ago.

Here is the chart from Dec 2014 15 M

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I have drawn the POC, the other POC are further back.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

With an indicator, I automatically copy this POC into my 15M chart.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Now when I switch to the 5M chart, I have to keep looking for smaller POCs, which I then enter in the chart (blue lines)

This gives me a clear overview of the chart history. I strongly recommend you to use a bar chart and color the candles gray. With the Momentum Indicator you can make the biggest momentum on the candles visible. Please read my contributions again. With this method, you can identify the balance much easier.

The resistance and support lines I have drawn are updated regularly because if there is a stronger equilibrium on the up or down, the old POC will automatically go out. That's why this is a regular process that requires a lot of effort. But no diligence no price.

I wish you success and remember that this does not work overnight. There is a lot of work and training behind it.

Beautiful evening

--- 帖子 #199 ---
Correct me if i'm wrong.

--- 帖子 #200 ---
Hello Techanalyst,

Welcome to our block and thank you for your question.
Deriving a POC from the monthly chart is a small challenge, as you'll soon see.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Your POC 1 should be a bit lower, in the 4 H chart that would be better to see, unfortunately I have not downloaded the data from me, so I can not accurately identify the POC. The POC 2 would not be correct for me. I would have identified the range of POC 3 differently here.

If I only had this chart image available, that would look like this.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The POC 1 would be smaller, the POC 2 is not quite as strong, and the POC 3
should be noted. The POC 4 is difficult to identify, as is the POC 5 because the unit of time is too large. The POC 6 is again an important line.

At the end of the POC line 2, a balance has been re-established, so that the POC could be extended into the future.

I do not want to claim to always be right. Often, a POC can also be derived by multiple equilibrium.

I recommend using the Momentum Indicator to work in smaller time units, which is clearer and easier. A regular workout is crucial, you'll make it.

best regards

--- 帖子 #201 ---
hello bionik,

why is it necessary to search the POC so far in the past?

The markets are changing constantly and I can also find the POC, for example in the last 3 - 4 months? I have not quite understood that yet.

Thank you for your enlightening words

--- 帖子 #202 ---
Hello Skipper13,

Thanks for the question. In order to identify a POC, a strong equilibrium must have occurred in the past. This means that the market in this zone was uncertain where it is going next. If then a strong change of direction takes place, this POC has a high priority. POC over 1.25 in EURUSD is currently only available from Dec 2014.

If you can not find a strong POC you just have to go back a bit further into the past. My favorite is the POC which are fresh, which means the POC has not yet served as a resistance. There you can find the biggest reactions. However, this is a pure training thing that you will also master over time.

best regards

--- 帖子 #203 ---
Hallo Bionik,

Another attempt to find a PC and determine the price course

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #204 ---
The hard unvarnished truth

Hello Skipper13,

Here is an example I posted here in the forum in January 2018

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Determining the POC in the monthly chart is very difficult due to the candles. Although these are very accurate candles but look at what happens within a month so everything.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

If you want to discover this POC secret, work through the entire blog from scratch. I know it's a lot of work, maybe you'll spend some time on the weekend. That's where you learn the basics. Then you have to get a feel for it in the daily training. After 3 years I had that pretty well. However, I did not have one who gave me any help. There is little information about it on the net. That's why you can do it a little faster than me.

The stock market is a big shark tank, what goes on here you can hardly tell anyone. If you knew which legal strategies the big players use, you would not trade here. If you are unfamiliar, you are losing your money faster than you can blink. You're traveling against the best traders in the world, they have the fastest computers, the fastest connectivity, the best programmers and a lot of money. If they hit the button, you're in luck if your stop does not trigger much later. Let's remember: On 15.01.2015 there was the franc shock. Within seconds, the price fell by 2,200 pip. Even brokers went bankrupt.

To know who we are dealing with, watch these videos.

Inserted Video

Inserted Video

I do not want to scare you, but I want to keep in mind who we are dealing with. Therefore, you have to prepare yourself to have a chance in this market.

On the Internet it is said that about 95% of private traders are not successful. That means they lose more than they win. To be among the 5% who are profitable requires a lot of practice, diligence, strategy, empathy and courage.

These are things I can not teach you, but maybe I can help you assess the market a bit better in the future.

best regards

--- 帖子 #205 ---
Hallo Bionik

Thank you very much, I will heed your advice and continue to learn and practice

--- 帖子 #206 ---
Hello Trader,

This morning at 08:44 CET I posted in EURUSD Chat.

If the course is going back this day, please pay attention to the following POC.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

At the moment it looks like this.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Kind regards

--- 帖子 #207 ---
Trades without any Candle

Many years ago I once dared to do a very interesting experiment.

Every time I went in the market, the course immediately went in the opposite direction and I was stopped out.
I looked at my quotas and found that I had correctly foreseen the course in 30%. In 70% of the cases, I was wrong. That could not be right.
I turned the tables. If you're 70% wrong, I thought, you just have to change your system. If you act the opposite of where you think it should go, it should work.

So I acted up, if I thought the price would fall and go down when I thought the price was going up. In fact, my profit ratio changed. However, I was now 60% correct. Well, that was an increase of 100%.

Then I came up with the crazy idea to act without a chart image, but only through indicators.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I loaded the currency strength of two currencies as an indicator on the screen as well as the CFP indicator. I marked myself with green and red lines when the price had risen and fallen. Then I switched off the chart image and tried it.

Curiously, this worked, not always, but better than when I saw the chart.

That was because the indicator left me with little information where to go. Of course I have traded mini-contracts in extreme cases not so much to lose.
These days I do not act that way and I do not want to recommend it to anyone. But it has shown me that we have to process far too much information as a trader.

Less is more and from that day on, I've cleared most of the indicators off my screen and focused on the essentials.
That was the breakthrough for profitable trading for me.

A little tip on the edge: I have every 3 months my screens photographed and collected the pictures. So I could gradually see my development and my progress.

best regards

--- 帖子 #208 ---
Curiously, this worked, not always, but better than when I saw the chart.

That was because the indicator left me with little information where to go.

That is the key point !

--- 帖子 #209 ---
With the smaller timeframe to the POC

Dear Traders,

Enclosed I would like to show you once a textbook example, as it often happens in reality. Of course it is always easy to explain from the past why the price fell or rose at that point. Thank God I have often had the right nose for future movements through my post POC.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Let's look at the example. In the EURUSD uptrend we see two equilibria that are easy to draw. After the course went up, he came back, but not to our drawn POC. This POC was still active as a resistance and was touched later.

If the falling price on our blue arrow has been rejected, the question mark in the chart must have a POC. You can not see them at first glance though.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

When we switch to the 30M chart we already see a little balance. However, our resistance line that we draw is still too big. Since the stop would have to be drawn too far back if we want to go in with a buy limit order.

So we switch to the 15 M chart.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

We can now reduce our resistance and thus shorten our stop.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Back in the 1H chart, you can see how the course has responded to the POC. We were able to reduce the stop from 17 pip to 4 pip and have achieved a high chance risk ratio. 4 pip risk and possible 120 pip gain are a rare opportunity. For a beginner, it would have been safer to wait for the price to return to the top and then trade down to a sell limit.

That's why it pays off to search POC.

I wish you success

--- 帖子 #210 ---
GANN Diagonal Long Term POC's ?

--- 帖子 #211 ---
Hello Parisboy,

The chart picture looks interesting, but I would not be able to cope with it. I once knew a trader who was trading the Rainbow indicator profitably.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

There are many theories on the market, none has proven itself in the long run, otherwise the stock market would not exist today. Both of us trade according to the price chart with small indicators as an aid. That's the best way to be profitable.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The long-term path for me is bullish, but that's just my opinion. Others see it completely different. But that's their right too.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

This year, I have defined a range for me, whether that happens is in the stars.

For me, the smaller time units are of greater importance, as I pay attention to the POC. I would not have a POC calculated by a computer because there are too many types of POC that you could never program all. Therefore, a POC indicator for me is always unreliable.

I trade between 06:00 and 20:00 CET and never bet on a long-term trade. No overnight and weekend positions. I am a kind of Swingscalper who acts from POC to POC. When I quit, I can calm down to do other things and do not have to look at my phone at all times to see what the market is doing.

So I either go to bed with loss or profit or into the weekend, but in the end, the total profit counts. And I achieve that after so many attempts with all sorts of trading systems best with the POC.

If you know a pro trader from Goldman Sachs who also trades a bit privately, ask him what he recommends. You'll be surprised what he reports about the point of control.

The way through the price chart is for us the only one to trade profitably.

We stick to it and see if the other traders want to use for themselves.

best regards

--- 帖子 #212 ---
Another kind of Diagonals

sorry I have no data prior 1999 (Yahoo)

the difference between the 2 charts show :

- the relativeness of a chart within its parameters

- the importance of Long term data series

best regards

--- 帖子 #213 ---
Hello Parisboy,

The crazy thing in our lives is the fact that man tries to make everything comprehensible. That's why there are all forms of lines. The stock market can not be summarized in lines, although I try it now and then.

If there was a computer that meant all POCs of all time units, which means times like 10.45 minutes, and put them together in a predefined ratio, you could deduce something from that.

However, since such a computer will not exist for the next 20 years, I'm not worried about the future of the stock market.

Imagine there would be an indicator or a system that would predict the prices. The moment everybody works with it, that system will not work anymore.

Therefore, my recommendation is: focus on the essentials.

best regards

--- 帖子 #214 ---
Result of the day and criticism

Dear Traders,

I dropped off this post this morning at 08:44 CET.

If the course is going back this day, please pay attention to the following POC

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

We will take a closer look at the result

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Positive: Just under 100 pip is a good result

Self-criticism: The resistance and support lines have worked. Unfortunately, the price did not go to the last resistance. I had plotted the POC in the 15 M chart and assumed that the drawn POC is stronger than the POC with the white circle. The reason, I had not looked in the 5 minute chart, because then I would have noticed.

Such mistakes happen, that's human. On the plus side, I'm learning to get better.

Conclusion: A successful day is coming to an end and I wish you all a wonderful weekend

Michael

--- 帖子 #215 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #216 ---
You can never see the market ahead, but you can still try.

Hello Techanalyst,

I am very glad that you have accepted the challenge and by the approach you are on the right path. You have correctly identified some Equilibrium.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

With 3-4 equilibria found I could agree, although you make it very difficult. Color your main candles dark gray and use the Momentum Candles indicator (setting for 15 minutes candle pipvalue 7-9 and hilow pipvalue 7-9 at your own discretion). Then you will see the equilibrium more clearly. The indicator can be found here in the blog.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here you see the same time frame, with the POC I identified. Although these are some POC, this is also a range of 140 pip.

For me as Swingscalper, that's not too much POC, since I usually sell more trades and with the help of the POC love to act against the trend. That means I do not always take the whole upward movement with me, but also like to trade the corrections.

For example, if you are trading up as a day trader, these POCs are a good tool. Watch how the course behaves when it comes to this POC. That often gives you a hint. If you are experienced and have correctly drawn your POC, there are only 3 ways the course can behave there.

1. It forms a new equilibrium.

2. He walks through the POC

3. He turns off at the POC

If the POC is crucial, the course will be slowed down there. If you train this often and your POC are correct, you can do a precise and very profitable swing trading.

However, that is also a formality. There are days, I trade exactly with the zigzag up or down, and sometimes I manage nothing. Then I just stay out and wait for the next chance.

A big advantage of this POC is the range trading. The EURUSD often shows that the price is within a certain range. This is easy to recognize with the POC and can therefore lead to interesting profits on such days.

Of course you can not make an accurate prediction with the POC, but over time you get a good feel for the price. Whether the course is up or down, something happens at my marked POC.

It is often interesting to trade the counter-trend when the price has risen sharply. By your POC you can guess when the return comes, and you can quickly take 20 Pip. If you work here with a 4 pip stop the chance risk ratio is top.

I'm not a fan of working with 0.5 contracts and a 100 pip stop. With the help of my POC, I often feel like anticipating the market for a brief moment. The longer I am in the market, the less control I have.

The course rarely runs straight through, usually in a zig zag course up, down or to the side. If you take the price up, for example, you can do 100 pip, the zig zag price upwards is about 300 pip.

Of course you can never really hit the zig zag course, but I've often been lucky enough to have corrected in the uptrend and been in the middle of a strong downtrend.

The following situation that often happens at the moment:

The price is in a strong uptrend and is facing strong resistance. He bounces off it and tries it again a few times. I then try to move up from the underlying POC. If the price does not manage to break the strong resistance, I have no loss and can immediately go into the downtrend. If he breaks through the resistance, there are often large buy orders right there that push the price up quickly.

So that you sometimes see that I'm not perfect, I'll show you a POC that I did on Friday under stress because I had appointments. At the yellow circle around 09:00 am I have the POC quickly in the 15 M drawn without paying attention to the M5. Although I took the downtrend well, the POC could have been more accurate. Usually I do it in the morning in peace and with time. You see how important preparation is.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

So the POC are a kind of stopover on the way up or down. You can be very good at it, if you deal with it long enough. I also make enough mistakes in identifying the POC, so keep training, success will prove you right.

I wish you a lot of success.

Have a nice Weekend

--- 帖子 #217 ---
Consumer protection in Europe is becoming ever more dramatic

As many European traders have already learned, ESMA is considering a series of proposals for retail investors designed to raise standards of behavior in the industry. This could affect European investors as follows.

Here are the leverage restrictions proposed by ESMA:

30: 1 leverage for major currency pair = 3.33% margin
20: 1 leverage for the major indexes = 5% margin
10: 1 leverage for commodities (gold not included) = 10% margin
5: 1 equity leverage = 20% margin

What impact do these suggestions have on traders?

These proposals would result in greatly increased margin requirements:

CFD

Market-------------- Size----------------Current Margin--------------- Proposed Margin (ESMA)
EUR / USD------- 1 contract----------------- $ 611----------------------------- $ 4,073
DAX ---------------1 contract--------------- € 1,650---------------------------- € 16,500
Oil -----------------1 contract--------------- $ 1,035----------------------------- $ 6,900
Apple----------- 1,000 shares------------- $ 8,950----------------------------- $ 35,800

For example, suppose you have $ 20,000 in your account and you open a DAX position with a required margin of $ 1,000 margin. If this position has a loss of € 500 (leaving € 500 as margin), the broker will be forced to close the position, regardless of the cash in the account and regardless of any winnings on other positions.

These proposals could result in traders being forced to act less or resort to the use of unregulated offshore brokers.

The proposed close-out rule appears counterproductive and prevents meaningful trading strategies. A meaningful protection for the investor is not recognizable. As it stands, CFD's are therefore only suitable for extremely short-term trading, as larger market fluctuations could lead to an unwanted liquidation too quickly. One becomes too easily the victim of short-term market manipulation. It should be enough if a position is sufficiently secured by an available account. It seems nonsensical to liquidate a position if holding the position could be realized by simultaneous sale / purchase of CFD (which would then lead to the initial margin being created).

We will see where that leads, should these regulations really become reality, there are enough possibilities for a way out.
Until then we will continue as before.

best regards

--- 帖子 #218 ---
I agree, without a balance it's so hard to make the right decision and in the end you can lose everything. That's why in trading you always have to start with yourself.

--- 帖子 #219 ---
Hi Bionics

Thank you for your time and effort to bring to our attention importance of equilibrium.

--- 帖子 #220 ---
Hi Bionics, How did you get yearly chart on MT4?

--- 帖子 #221 ---
Hello Hunterr and Trader Waldo,

that's the nice thing about Forex Factoy we get better every day because we're not ashamed of learning anything from everyone. Respect is the foundation for that. I am happy if you benefit from this and get ahead, because that is an important goal in this blog.

Thank you for your kind words and a nice weekend

Enclosed the year indicator

--- 帖子 #222 ---
Factory of vanities

Dear Traders,

Since the end of the year 2017 I am now a member of Forex Factory and I am pleased about the rich offers presented here. With 500,000 members, Forex Factory is one of the largest community in CFD and futures. One can therefore assume that the best traders in the world are ready for an exchange here. The overwhelming majority work together constructively and helpful.

What I do not like is how a small minority of people interact with each other. There are experienced traders who have been helping and supporting people on this platform for years, yet are offended by a minority.

Basically one should assume, if a trader has been active here for many years, that he has a certain experience and success. To what extent this experience is of benefit to others is first of all an open question.

A challenge in a forum and also in real life are the vanities. You are wrong, because I am better. So the pecking order is checked every day anew.

The principle of this community should be, how can I help you and how can you help me. I miss this principle in some conflicts. Of course, there are many different mentalities here because people come from different countries, but that can not be a reason not to treat each other respectfully.

Respect is an important property and foundation of a community that has a common goal. The goal is not the best, or the wisest, the goal should be: to develop and become better through the community.

Criticism is important, but many become personal or offensive, it's about the product or a situation, not the individual.

Criticism in private, praise to all. Imagine if a trader came to your side and insulted you in the first place. Of course you can not put up with that and you fight back. Actually, you would not need that, because a group is mostly solidarized with the weaker, in which case with the smarter one is above the things and does not get involved in a mud fight.

Constructive criticism is absolutely important and a help for the better, but the way is crucial. It makes a difference if someone writes: I think your idea is very good, and I would like to make some comments or if someone writes: You have no idea what you are saying. The sound makes the music.

The way a person criticizes often gives hints to difficult educational conditions in childhood. Whether the family home, the school or the circle of friends have contributed to it is irrelevant. We all live under the same sky, but we do not all have the same horizon.

I am here to learn from the best in the industry and share my knowledge. Although I have been able to live well from trading for many years, I am not the best, fairest or greatest. I'm a human being who makes mistakes like everyone here and that's a good thing. Because only then can one learn from it.

But I listen and shut up when an experienced trader gives away his most important tips. If I do not like that, I do not use his trading style, but I do not have to offend him. If I like his tips, I'll try it before I criticize something I have less idea about.

Of course there are people who are resistant to criticism, but in the end they only harm themselves because they do not want to accept help.

I recommend everyone here in the forum between the lines to read, there are so many precious diamonds, which one finds, if one searches only long afterwards. You can find some diamonds among the traders I subscribe to.

And the professional traders we all can learn from are: If there is another extreme guy who can not resist, just think:

What does the moon care about when the dog barks at it
or:
like water off a duck's back.

Therefore, I am very happy about a continued respectful approach in this forum, no matter if someone is a beginner or a professional.

Focus on the essentials!

I wish you a nice weekend and a successful beginning of the week

Michael

--- 帖子 #223 ---
I like your thought process Michael , keep up the great work ..

V

--- 帖子 #224 ---
Hello varun76,

Thank you for the nice words, in my parents' home many years ago everybody was listening when my grandfather (75 years old) spoke. Amazingly, my father, who has always talked a lot. As the saying goes, God has given us two eyes, two ears but only one mouth. That's why I try:

80% see and hear and 20% talk.

PS: My sister also lives in Canada, we also like to go there in summer. It should be really awesome.

Have a good weekend

--- 帖子 #225 ---
A very well written essay. Well done especially because you adhere to the 80% seeing and 20% talking rule.

Try not to allow yourself to be rattled by virtual things aka "What does the moon care about when the dog barks at it or: like water off a duck's back."

Hope you had a fabulous weekend and you're ready for a new trading week!

--- 帖子 #226 ---
Many thanks for your words, constructive criticism is the best thing there is, you can only learn from it and my learning process is far from complete

--- 帖子 #227 ---
hello skipper13, That's why you're already ahead of others. Do not let go of your way, you have a goal that I think is good. I wish you a successful start best regards

--- 帖子 #228 ---
hello bionik,

thanks a lot and a good week

--- 帖子 #229 ---
Why it is sometimes advantageous to be just a small trader.

Hello dear traders,

When I started trading many years ago, I realized that in the Forex market, I'm just a small fish in the big shark tank and this situation will never change. So what does a little fish do in the shark tank? He uses the opportunities he has!

There are three types of fish in the shark tank. First, the sharks, which eat the small fish. Then the fish that are eaten and the cleaner fish. This fish species cleans the teeth of predators and they are not eaten.

When two rival sharks fight each other, the cleaner fish is ignored. He waits for the winner to clean his teeth afterwards.

In the Forex market the sharks are the big players, the fish that are eaten are the small or medium traders who do not know how the market works. The Cleaner fish are the kind of traders who know roughly how the sharks react in the big shark tank. And that is exactly the key.

If you know the basics of supply and demand, you have a distinct advantage over the big players. You do not notice so easily in the market.

While the big players leave their mark on the market (through strong candles), you are so small that no one can identify your tracks. But you can not go on a track with the other traders, many small traders are in addition like a middle player and their tracks can easily be identified as a big player.

So we stay away from the tracks of most traders and we will not be discovered that easily. Of course there is an orderbook where all buy and sell orders are listed. The big players pay attention in the market to where most orders are. This approach sounds easier at first than it actually is.

The secret lies in the price chart. Delete unnecessary indicators from your chart and concentrate on the essentials. That's the price. Supply and demand regulate the price. So the key question is whether supply is stronger than demand or demand is stronger than supply. This can be well identified with the Equilibrium. Balance means uncertainty in the market. At this price level, supply was just as strong as demand. Curiously, these equilibrium zones (POC) point of control are often responsible for a strong trend change.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Let's take a look at EURUSD's 1H chart image. I have partially identified and drawn the POC lines from 2014. An exact explanation exists in the post 195.

I tried using the Momentum Candle Indicator to visualize the key momentum. You can see how the momentum behaves in or at the POC. Within 2 weeks, the momentum has responded 20 times and thus initiated a new trend, or confirmed the old trend.
Is that pure coincidence or just luck? Unfortunately I can not answer that. If coincidence or just luck, I have these factors in recent years, my income thanks.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I have once drawn here 2 bullish and a bearish line. As you can see, certain price zones are used again and again to move the price into a trend. Is that also coincidence or luck?

Whatever it may be, what matters is what we conclude and implement from these findings. To avoid the suspicion, I would have picked out a special chart, I just took the latest chart (until Friday evening)

Take a currency pair and take a closer look at the chart image. Record your POC. You will be surprised what you discover. Put it to work for you and build a trading idea with you, which you strategically implement with the right money management.

It always looks so easy, but it means a lot of work and training.

Because being a cleaner fish from time to time, not being discovered so often and sometimes being pulled up or down by the big shark is worth the training.
It will not always work, I have often failed because my assessment was wrong. But I learned from it and developed further. It's not as easy as I thought in the beginning. Holding on is an important trait in trading, and good money management is crucial.

I wish you a very successful week

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #230 ---
Hello Michael, want to appreciate a great job you're doing. I am following the thread very closely and soaking up knowledge from you. Thank you for your time and efforts in teaching us. If it is not a secret I would like to know how you copied and pasted the equilibrium levels from 2014 to 2018.

--- 帖子 #231 ---
Hello Chronos,

Thank you for the kind words and welcome to our blog.

I am very pleased that you and many others here in the blog are interested in this kind of analysis. I like to help where I can, but I am not perfect and make mistakes. How I detect the POC is no secret.

If you read the blog through that would have to answer your question, otherwise write me like to again

Post 195

https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...4#post10730534

Greetings and a successful week

--- 帖子 #232 ---
Oh. Thanks. I got it now. I must have missed the idea because I had already gone through the thread from the first page following silently. I really appreciate your taking the time to explain. Subscribed to this thread. Greetings and a success-full week to you, too, Michael.

--- 帖子 #233 ---
With the POC to a higher probability

Hello dear traders,

Here is an example for the identification of a decisive balance.

Between 12.01.18 and 15.01.2018 an important equilibrium was formed in the 1H chart. (Point1)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

This I marked myself with a red line. At point 2 and point 3 you could see very well how the drawn resistance zone worked well. When the course hit the resistance for the third time, I was cautious as my resistance was no longer fresh. Suddenly the course broke through to point 4, then turned and went up 370 pip. At first I thought of a fake breakout, but that was not one.

I looked at point 5 and as you can see there could be a balance. In the 30 minutes and 15 M chart was really nothing to recognize. Only the 5 minute chart gave an information.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

When I analyzed the 5-minute chart, I noticed a balance, but this could not be responsible for the strong urge to move up.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

So I had to go back to December 2014. As you can see, the course fell down sharply there. That's why I had to take a closer look at this POC line in a smaller timeframe.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Everything was clear now. As you can see, this is a strong resistance zone. The small balance that I recognized only in the 5 minutes chart, was a kind of confirmation that the course could come in here again.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

On the 4H chart you can clearly see how important this resistance zone has been. Of course you could have worked here with a big stop, but that's not my approach.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

From the chart of 2014, I have once drawn possible resistance lines, in case the course comes in there again. I can not predict if the course will continue to go up or down. I can draw in my POC and see how the course behaves there. If the course returns to this POC I am prepared.

No-one can predict the future, but after analyzing the POC from 2014, I was more likely to expect the January 15 price to be bullish now. And that information was worth a lot to me.

Now the question of all questions is: is it going further down or up?

Basically, I'm going from a green candle in the annual chart this year. However, I expect again a return to 1.17900. How that develops, the POC help me.

I wish you a nice week

--- 帖子 #234 ---
Hello bionik, thank you. even though i still have a lot to learn, their information and hints bring me step by step to recognize the poc

--- 帖子 #235 ---
Hello Skipper13,

I am very happy to hear that you are progressing through the POC.

13 minutes ago came in America, the message that the grand coalition negotiations have gone well. It will be difficult, but let's see if this can have a positive effect on the euro today.

best regards

--- 帖子 #236 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The tricks of high frequency traders

Hello dear traders,

As already described in some articles, today's big players are working with strategies that bring major disadvantages for us smaller traders.
This refers to the so-called high-frequency traders, which make up on some days up to 50% of the trading volume. They work with incredibly fast computers and programs. The speed of these programs is enormous, they can respond to price changes within milliseconds, allowing them to get into the market faster and out again.

We're talking about professional scalpers cutting out small pieces of the trading cake. You're investing millions in your hardware and software because it's about billions of profits. You place your computers as close as possible to the respective stock exchange, because every millisecond counts.
Traders who do not work with such a technique are clearly at a disadvantage.

You can clearly see the difference between Metatrader 4 and Metatrader 5. Compared to the high frequency traders, this is ridiculous, but still a big advantage for me. The speed order to place is much faster. Disadvantage: Long and short positions can not be held simultaneously in a single underlying. As a scalper, that does not matter to me. If your or execution is too slow, try Metatrader5, if your broker grants you that option. With the Metatrader 4, I would continue to work to use your proven indicators.

In addition to the tremendous speed, these high-frequency traders have a few tricks in store that are a little worrying on closer inspection.
They are able to change the picture of supply and demand in such a way that the investors are confused and thereby suffer considerable disadvantages with fast and mass orders.

Although these companies achieve only low profits, but the high number of orders come together in the month considerable sums together. The looser are the long-term investing funds and pension funds - and of course the classic retail investors.

Let's take a look at the tricks in detail.

Wash Trades: I have already described this approach in previous posts and is particularly controversial. The trader trades in here with himself. He hunts his buy order up to his sell limit or high, which then pushes the price down immediately. Or, in a rising market, a turnaround is suggested in order to buy cheaper again before the market turns sharply higher again. The goal is to squeeze traders out of the market or move them into transactions that they probably would not have done in other circumstances.

Quote Stuffing: Thousands of orders are abandoned and then immediately deleted. Thus, the high-frequency dealers generate a false picture of the existing relationship between supply and demand. The other traders can not analyze these orders in the short term and are confused. Since they do not know which orders are correct and which are only mock orders, this gives the high-frequency traders a time advantage, since they know their correct orders.
If several trading systems compete against each other, quota stuffing is often used as a very effective weapon.

Spoofing: The goal of outsmarting other program traders. The own system is tuned to analyze, anticipate and exploit the reactions as well as the functioning of other algorithms. The market participants should also be moved by the illusion of certain constellations to a desired reaction.

Sniping: With small, quickly issued orders, the market is searched for hidden orders. The goal of finding large buy and sell limits of other traders. Just before these thresholds, which promise the release large orders, then the own orders are placed. The limit order of the other participants will be triggered much later.

Scalping: Here is the decisive advantage, the speed of the systems. As soon as the system detects large order volumes, they are on the market at lightning speed. So they can still buy cheaper than the other dealers. Even before you can govern, the high-frequency traders are already out and the course immediately turns in the other direction. The slow traders are virtually eaten.

This approach can not foresee any indicator of the world. That's why I recommend looking for clues. By looking at the pure price charts, you get better with time. The POC are the tracks that leave everyone behind. We must learn to read and implement these traces. There are few ways to protect yourself from these tricks, Equilibrium is the most effective way for me to make a positive assessment at the end of the month.

I wish you a successful week

--- 帖子 #237 ---
hello bionik, thank you very much for this very informative article

--- 帖子 #238 ---
Thanks for sharing your strategy and information. Were you considering maybe start making youtube videos? So the strategy that you are explaining and about market day to day, instead of writing about it and posting pictures, why don't you just make videos and talk about it while trading? I think it would be great.

--- 帖子 #239 ---
Hello skipper,

Thank you for your kind words. This blog is called: Equilibrium is a key to success, so in the future I try to post important topics that can accelerate our success in this context. You are still in the beginning, but on a very good way. Maybe you post every now and then your entrances and exits as well as the reasons for it. Then I can help you as much as I can.

I'm looking forward to your feedback

A successful day

--- 帖子 #240 ---
Hello Techanalyst,

I am very pleased that this blog brings you a lot of information and benefits, that is exactly why it was launched.

I find your idea very charming, but I should discuss these videos in English. The language is the foundation, the words that you place between the lines are decisive. Rhetoric, modulation, gestures and body language are important bases of a lecture. I was a coach for many years in financial services management, but in my mother tongue. It takes some time to do these videos as I would in my native language. Since my sister lives in Canada, that is very helpful for me. Until then, you can gladly post your progress with pictures, I'll help you where I can.

I wish you a great day and look forward to hearing from you.

best regards

--- 帖子 #241 ---
Meaningful chart images in FF post

Hello dear traders,

So that you are well prepared in the future and can post individual pictures here at Forex Factory, I would like to give you a few tips for fast image creation. I use Power Point for it, because for me it's one of the best programs for presentations. There are also free competing products, but you get Office for just $ 15 for a computer. Just have a look on the internet or on ebay.

If you do that with a high-quality graphics program, that's better of course.

If you have little experience so far, these tips might help.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

First, you need to take a picture of the picture you want to edit in Power Point on your computer. You do not need a cell phone, just take a screenshot on the computer. The keyboard shortcut for your computer can be found on the Internet

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Open Powerpoint and use Ctrl + V to paste screenprint into Power Point. I then set the slide size to (16: 9) widescreen because it is easier to read at Forex Factory.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Now you have to crop the image, there is an extra tool in Power Point. Be careful not to see your personal information, such as broker number or account information. I think this personal information is only yours.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

After dragging the image to the edges, you can now add all sorts of symbols, text or lines to your personal chart to your heart's content.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

When you're done, you still have to save your pictures. First, save a file as a PowerPoint presentation, then you can always change your pictures again.

To save the file as images go to "Save as" and save the file under PNG. Although there are synonymous jpg, but the file is synonymous of the resolution too low, since it is heavily compressed. The bmp file is very high on the resolution but also in storage. The best memory performance ratio for me has the PNG file, it is high in resolution and requires less memory than the. Bmp file. However, the opinions differ here, so try what you get along the best. Watch where you save the file so you can find it later.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

So the picture is ready now and you can upload it to Forex Factory with your explanation. However, I made an extra mistake here, if you enlarge the picture, do you see that I have badly cut 3 edges, so look at the pictures again, before you publish them.

This image should be considered as an example only, so it needs no explanation here.

I hope I was able to help you just a little bit.

Good luck

best regards

--- 帖子 #242 ---
Demand outweighed the offer?

Hello dear traders,

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

If we look at the chart of the EURUSD in the hourly chart, we have to ask ourselves, at what time the demand outweighed the supply?

Here we find two areas where demand has dominated the supply. These areas can raise the price slightly. The lower green price line is clearer for a price up, let's see how far the price comes back. For this you have to switch back to a smaller time window to analyze the more accurate.

I wish you much success today

--- 帖子 #243 ---
An example of the tricks of high frequency traders

Hello dear traders,

Yesterday you received a report about the tricks of the high-frequency traders. A high impact member Nicholishen, an outstanding and creative programmer from Florida (I can only recommend the Breakers Palm Beach) has posted a great video about it.

There you can see at the beginning how the big players are leading you astray. In the USDCAD the price suddenly goes down by 20 pip and then upwards by 100 pip as if by magic. All who were hoping for a trend upwards and did not take into account at least a 25 pip stop were kicked out.

Inserted Video

If you want to work with this indicator, please note that this works only with ECN brokers with very active tick data feeds such as IG Markets and some others.

Information about it you get on the side of Nicholishen.

Many thanks to Nicholishen for this impressive example

Good luck to you.

best regards

--- 帖子 #244 ---
Hello skillandfx,

Welcome to our blog. I would be very happy if all participants can contribute to your success here. In addition, you also get a lot of information about resistance and support in the subscriber I linked.

I wish you great success

best regards

--- 帖子 #245 ---
Hello dear traders,

Here are some comments on the EURUSD.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here is one possible scenario. Of course I can not look to the future, but only orientate myself on the price chart.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The question arises, when the demand outweighs the supply. In circle 1, 2 and 3 you can see very nicely that the demand has dominated the supply.

Let's look at and zone 3. If the price penetrates into the upper price zone at 1.254 and accepts this zone as resistance, strong bullish momentum could be expected thereafter. This Zone 3 has now been launched for the first time and we have to wait and see how strong this momentum is going to be. When the course is heavily rejected on the way up, I see the next Zone 2 as the target. This is a strong zone where demand has clearly dominated supply.

From Zone 1, total momentum was from 1.194 to 1.254. From here at the latest, the price could make it back up to 1.254 and through big buy limit orders, which are up there higher heights.

That's pure theory and I do not recommend you to trade it. This is a rough sketch that now needs to be watched in smaller timeframes. For sure everything will be different.

It is important to first create a possible plan and then to improve it within the course. I do not know where in the future the POC arise, so it is only roughly possible to sketch such a view.

But who does not know where he wants, will never arrive there.

Look at where supply dominates demand and where demand dominates supply. That gives a little overview.

In this sense

Good luck with trading

best regards

--- 帖子 #246 ---
Inserted Video

--- 帖子 #247 ---
Hello Nicholishen,

Thanks a lot for the help, exactly this video I meant.

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #248 ---
When will long-term demand dominate supply in EURUSD again?

Dear Traders,

How to identify key resistance and support zones from past courses is, in principle, quite simple. Two questions should be asked. When does demand dominate the supply = price rises and when does supply dominate demand = price falls. In between is the equilibrium or the POC.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In the monthly chart from 1971 to 2017 you can see the dominance of supply and demand very nicely. On closer inspection, you will notice that this dominance often takes place at recurring price levels.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Between 1979 and 1990 there was a strong dominance of supply and demand twice. There I drew a brown line.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Also from 1996 to 2007, where demand dominated supply more strongly. (green line)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In the same period I have drawn a blue line, you can see very well in the weekly chart the POC.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

From 1998 to 2008 you can also see very well the Equilibrium with subsequent sale and then with a stronger price increase. The lines drawn in the past have already reacted to the price entry several times. There I have drawn a red line.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The last line I derived from the years 2004 to 2014. Again, the already drawn lines respond well. I marked this spot with a purple line.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The lines drawn so far set the framework for the last 4 years. It looks very nice, only when the price in December 2016 has entered the line, demand dominated the supply. That's why the course did not go well beyond the blue line.

Now the strong resistance of 1.25 has pushed the price down. We have marked the possible turning point with the red line. We now have to refine this line and look at the price within the yellow box.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In the 15 minute chart you can see two decisive gap. I have marked this zone and refined it with the blue lines.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

This is the picture in the 4 H. Here you can see very well in the right circle which strong momentum prevails at this price level after a POC.
This zone is set for me. Since I expect a bullish annual candle this year, for me the price between 1.207 and 1.990 is the lowest point reached this year. I expect the price enter the zone in February or March, though that could happen later. When the price of this zone exceeds 1.25, the bulls will take the helm.

This is my own opinion and as you know, man is wrong every day. However, looking closer, there seems to be a lot on the POC. The most important thing is to see if supply or demand dominates. For this I have to work in smaller timeframes and watch how the course responds in or on my zone. This increases the probability of profit. And that is exactly what is important. The chance to improve in my favor.

I wish you a great successful Friday.

best regards

--- 帖子 #249 ---
Lovely work Bionics,thank you.I hope people appreciate your efforts.

--- 帖子 #250 ---
Hello mallee,

thank you for the kind words, I am very pleased that you appreciate this work. Most of all I would be glad if you can draw a profitable trade from it. Many traders have already signaled to me that they can implement this information very well for themselves. There may be some traders who can not help it, but that's fine. They have their own system and that may be more successful than the way I trade. There are many very good traders here, the goal is to find your own trading style. Once you get it right: the fewer traders that implement my trading style, the more likely I will reach my target. Because if everyone knows that it goes up, many will drop out earlier and that provides a faster for falling courses.

I wish you a successful day

Kind regards

--- 帖子 #251 ---
hello bionik, thank you very much for this very informative article.

question: could it be that an equilibrium arises in this area?

I'm learning and still unsure

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #252 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #253 ---
I would say it is here.

--- 帖子 #254 ---
Hello skipper,

I'll try to answer your question in more detail.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

As you have correctly recognized, an equilibrium has been formed in the last 44 hours. In Equilibrium I would not trade as a long-term trader. As a scalper, this is a paradise, as the fluctuations are up to 70 pip. If you look at the left side of the picture, you will also see a pronounced equilibrium there. This means that the market is uncertain here. There is a strong resistance line above the newly formed POC. Bold buyers must be found. Even if it should go up, supply is dominating and not demand. As I already wrote I expect that the course will turn back upwards at the latest between 1.207 and 1.199. Until then, the offer dominates. The course failed in the 1.25 range. Let's take another look at the 4H chart.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The course has tried several times to break the 1.254 and failed. From the first purple box dominated the offer. Although the course came up again, then it went into the basement. That's why I think it could be like that in the next few weeks. But that remains to be seen. If the price goes down, the yellow circle would be a strong resistance.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here we see on 25.01. how the course first entered the 1.254 zone. He was dismissed and tried again. Here already dominated the offer and you could great take the move down.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Now an equilibrium is being created. Now you can wait in which direction the course turns, look for a POC and then trade the countertrend.

For the momentum indicator, I recommend the following settings for the Pipvalue

1M = 2, 5M = 4, 15M = 7, 30M = 9, 1H = 15, 4H = 28, D = 87, W1 = 140 and MN = 220.

Until the price decides one direction you should wait or trade a more interesting currency pair, there are some.

The CADJPY is currently facing an important resistance, and the AUDUSD as it could soon go up.

The nice thing is the POC works in all areas, except for stocks there are other values crucial.

I hope I could help something.

best regards

--- 帖子 #255 ---
hello bionik,

I think I'm starting to understand

--- 帖子 #256 ---
Hello Skipper13,

I thought that many years ago when I started.  If you took a big step in the beginning, that's worth a lot. I like that. Now you have to work and train very intensively. There will be many setbacks, you will place a limit order and will not be picked up or your stop will be triggered because you missed something. That's why I want a separate screen for all timeframes, so I recognize the POC faster. But before you come to such thoughts, you must act proftabel. I keep my fingers crossed for you.

best regards

--- 帖子 #257 ---
Took this trade in the EURUSD yesterday. the entry was on the black line and my risk was the red area and my profit was green.

One question bionik, what settings does your Momentum Indi has? I cant get mine to look like yours. The colored candles are behind the grey ones somehow.

Great post by the way. Been dealing with SUP/DEM a while now but im still a little unsure.

--- 帖子 #258 ---
okay never mind, managed to get the candles correct. Had to put the chart in the background.

--- 帖子 #259 ---
Hello macblack91, thank you for your nice words and welcome to our blog.

So I colored the candles dark gray and set the size of the candles in the indicator to 2 or 3. The information given in my previous post about the settings of the Pipvalue you have to change from time to time, since the momentum is sometimes stronger or weaker. I think every trader is always a bit uncertain, because no one can predict the market. And after all, it's always about your own money. I'll write a post on key help indicators this weekend, I think that can help.

Bye for now

best regards

--- 帖子 #260 ---
According to GANN & Murrey " POC Lines" with their properties after a division by 8 of a Price Range

--- 帖子 #261 ---
hello bionik,

a new attempt to find an equilibrium

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #262 ---
Hello Techanalyst,

I apologize for not replying to your post until now, I missed your post after I answered Skipper. Great work, it's getting slow.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

You had correctly recognized the Equilibrium, but this POC was only for the brief moment the course came back. After that he failed your POC.

At point 1, demand dominated supply to point 2. After that, the offer dominated until the point 3. From point 3 on, demand dominated supply until point 4.

That means at point 3 the bulls are waiting again to bring the course a bit upwards.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In the 20 minutes chart you can see that a bit better. Your POC was correct for 2 entries after that the course failed. Only there did he climb higher again. This zone is still fresh and if the price falls there, you could speculate on a rise in price.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

However, I think that the course then comes as far as the blue line and then drops again. Between 1.207 and 1.199 there is a strong dominance of demand. That could bring the price over 1.255. However, that's my opinion, I've been wrong many times already.

Just look in which zone the supply dominates demand and when demand dominates supply again. This helps to gauge the strength of your POC.

Keep up the good work and you're on the right track.

Best regard

--- 帖子 #263 ---
Dashboard to create

Hello dear traders,

I have already presented some interesting auxiliary indicators in the last contributions. Today it is about the compilation of individual screens and their indicators. From the basic indicators MACD, RSI, MA, Stochastic, Fractals, Zigzag and many more, I think nothing, because they are very trailing for me. Since the price chart is clearly in the advantage. I am well aware that the calculation of many of my auxiliary indicators is based on one of these indicators, so I do not make any purchase or sale decision.

Basically, I work on my main screens without the above mentioned indicators, but there are many creative programmers and traders at Forex Factory who have thought properly and developed great support indicators that make trading easier. I would like to present some of these indicators today, but I would like to do without a detailed description. First, because the developers can do that much better, and second, because I'm not a professional in this area.
In the many years of my full-time job as a trader, I have tried and analyzed a large number of different auxiliary indicators. As Swingscalper, I have been careful to use auxiliary indicators that give me a quick and rough overview. At some point I had the idea to use a separate screen for these auxiliary indicators.
I would like to present two overview screens today.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

This screen shows me the power of momentum once in the candles themselves and arranged next to each other. I have already explained the indicators in more detail in my Post 193. The time units for this screen are: 15sec, 1M, 5M, 15M, 30M, 1H, 4H and Day. By displaying the course line in each time unit, you can quickly identify the resistance and support zones.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

This screen is my own dashboard. This dashboard does not show me any entrances or exits, but I often get interesting information through this dashboard.
So that you can get an idea of how the Dashboard works, I have created a video for it.
We are in EURUSD on FR, 09.02.2018 in a larger timeframe in a sideways range. From 9:00 CET to 13:00 CET the course went down. Within this downturn there was a small pullback at 10:45 CET.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I documented this pullback on video in this dashboard. Take the 6 minutes and watch how the dashboard reacts in this situation. The EURUSD is swinging from a bearish phase into a bullish phase. You can see very clearly how the bears take over the helm at short notice for 14 pip. In the upper middle is a Heikin Ashi who shows the course very nicely.
Then I will explain the individual indicators in a rough, the indicators and the templates to post.

Inserted Video

Maybe you will not need all the indicators, but only find some of them interesting.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Now let's start with the individual indicators.

1
The Candle Strength indicator displays the distance between the open and close as a percentage of the total height of the candle. Developer: Hanover high impact member FF
I used the following time units: 15sec, 1M, 5M, 15M, 30M, 1H, 4H, D, W1, MN
You have to create the 15 sec candle with the FlexiChart indicator.
All information:

https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...=222230http://

Developer: salient member FF

2
Recent candles indicator
Developer: Hanover high impact member FF
I placed this indicator so that it matches the candle strength indicator in time.

3
News Calendar Indicator
Developer: eucild high impact member FF
You will receive current information and press reports from Forex Factory. I put a trend indicator in there.
Trend RonsSite
Developer: MetaQuotes Software

4
News Calendar Indicator
Developer: eucild high impact member FF
Important dates that can affect my currency pair are displayed here from Forex Factory. Many settings are possible.

5
CM Strength Indicator
Developer: MetaQuotes Software
An interesting indicator about the strongest currencies.

6
Heikin Ashi
Developer: MetaQuotes Software
For more accurate candle ads, I recommend a 15 second chart here.

7
Price to Open
Developer: unknown
From 1M to D, the indicator shows the color the candle has been in every minute.

8
Trading Volume
Developer: MetaQuotes Software
A very fast-acting indicator that shows the strength of bulls and bears.

9
Average candle
Developer: cja high impact Member FF
The average candle thickness can be set individually here. I work here with 3 averages 900/30/1.

10
CCFp Indicator
Developer: SemSemFX
Interesting currency strength gauge

11
Overlay Chart Indicator
Developer: S.B.T.
This indicator works only if your broker provides you the dollar index. He compares the EURUSD with the dollar index in the 1M chart. You may need to change the name of the Dollar Index as this varies from broker to broker.

12
Chart indicator
Developer: fxcoder
This indicator works only if your broker provides you the dollar index. He compares the EURUSD with the dollar index in the 1M bar chart. The upper bar represents the Dollar Index, the lower bar represents the EURUSD. However, the bars are turned upside down here. You may need to change the name of the Dollar Index as this varies from broker to broker.

13
Cruscotto indicator EUR
Developer: Andrea Salvatore
Interesting strength indicator of different time units in the EUR

14
Cruscotto indicator USD
Developer: Andrea Salvatore
Interesting strength indicator of different time units in the USD.

15
MADdash indicator
Developer: honestknave high impact member FF
A multi timeframe dashboard looking at price. Listed are 17 ads from 1-17. Here the size can be changed individually. Green means Euro strength, red means Dollar strength. Timeframes from left: 1M, 5M, 15M, 30M and 1H.

16
S-KG Buyer Seller indicator
Developer: saronko high impact Member FF, Thanks to Kang_Gun source code and FerruFx advice
The indicator, reacting quickly to price change. In addition, a current price indicator and the spread was incorporated.

17
+ RS_Group EUR & USD indicator
Developer: unknown
Very interesting strength indicator that reacts faster than the price chart. Here, the EUR was currently compared with the dollar. You can download more currencies here.

Relative Strength Basket Trading System on page 103

https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...31#post2432331

CFP indicator
Developer: SemSemFX
An indicator that gives almost the result of the euro and dollar strength.

Since I am not a professional regarding the explanation of indicators, I ask for leniency here. For important background questions, check out the creative, great developers.

The indicators in the zip file you just have to save under MQL4 / indicators. The templates in the zip file in your templates folder. Restart metatrader and then start building. Please note that some indicators are targeted at the EURUSD. Open a new chart in the EURUSD and via the template the alignment and the adjustment will be made automatically. Then you have to adjust the individual size. This is a bit of work, but it often helps me to stay in the market even longer with my trade.

Seeing this dashboard as a support, if it brings anything can only be your decision. Due to my drawn POC, I only make decisions to buy or sell. My dashboard helps me keep track of the market.

Thank you again to all developers, especially here at Forex Factory.
I wish you much success and maybe one or the other Indicator will help you.

best regards

Attached File(s)   Dashboard indicator.zip

595 KB
|
1,441 downloads
Attached File(s)   Dashboard templates.zip

25 KB
|
1,208 downloads

--- 帖子 #264 ---
hello skipper13 and parisboy, I'll get back to you tomorrow morning with an answer. beautiful evening

--- 帖子 #265 ---
Hello Parisboy,

many thanks for this information. I've already dealt with that in the past. What I noticed here, the areas are all evenly divided. Unfortunately, the market is not uniform, but rather randomly uneven.

Therefore, I could not use this POC for myself. I belong there like you to the traders of the old school. You have to draw it yourself, then you can be sure that it is true. But what does security on the stock market mean?

I wish you a very successful day

best regards

--- 帖子 #266 ---
Hallo Bionik

Thank you very much for your detailed explanations and the video.

I already had some of these indicators in use, but I removed them.

Under the aspect of using them as auxiliary indicators I will build myself a dashoboard.

thank you very much

--- 帖子 #267 ---
Hello Skipper13,

I would agree with the first 3 Equilibrium, but I would take a closer look at them in smaller time units. Always be aware of when there is an offer or demand dominance and how strong that dominance is. The line you drew is good, but I believe the supply dominance is still there. The price could fall even lower in the long run until there is an offer dominance again. But you can see that better in the smaller time units.

best regards

--- 帖子 #268 ---
Hello Skipper13,

I agree absolutely. A dashboard for all auxiliary indicators keeps your eyes free on your charts. So you can focus on the POC and have the Dashboard at a glance all the essential factors that give you a market overview. That was the idea as well.

I wish you a successful trade today.

best regards

--- 帖子 #269 ---
Hallo Bionik,

've already begun to focus on the M1 here, I think, there are many POC's that help me transfer it to the larger TF.

I also use HA candles for the trend.

--- 帖子 #270 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #271 ---
Hello Skipper13,

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

that's right what you've drawn, in the middle down at about 1.22, the demand was stronger than the supply. At 1.22968 dominated the offer again. You can also see that very nicely, because the pullback did not fit into this price range anymore. That was a nice way to go short. The POC is also correct, as the equilibrium increased sharply. When the price came in this price zone, he reacted, but not so strong, because he ran back so yes.

So slowly you get closer to the thing. Compliment.

best regards

--- 帖子 #272 ---
Dashboard to create

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Hello dear traders,

Last night, I posted for you in great detail my own dashboard for rebuilding inclusive indicators and templates.
I would like to take a closer look at a special indicator today. These are RS Group EUR and RS Group USD.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

On the left side you see a 1M chart in the EURUSD top left the S-KG Buyers vs Sellers indicator that you can also download in the post 265th In addition, I have put you the two strength indicators. The white line represents the zero value. If a currency is above the zero line, it is weak strongly below the zero line. Now it only depends on whether the EUR or the USD is above or below this line.
I posted a video for that. Please excuse the bad recording did that briefly with the phone. We are in a short downtrend and at the end we see a pullback.
Pay attention to the RS Group EUR and RS Group USD.

Inserted Video

From 2:50 minutes you can see very nice as the EURO strength increases and at the same time the Dollar weaker. Watch this indicator in the current chart. Often a strength or weakness announces itself before the price reacts in the chart.

So my request, if you create this dashboard, take a closer look at the individual indicators so as not to draw wrong conclusions and then lose money.
I hope I could help a little

best regards

--- 帖子 #273 ---
Thank you, you are also a very good teacher

--- 帖子 #274 ---
Hello Skipper13,

thank you for the nice words, I prefer to be a coach as a teacher , I am most pleased that you as a beginner succeed. It shows that the POC work and everyone can do it. You still have a long way to go, the bottom line is you're on the right track.

Still much success.

best regards

--- 帖子 #275 ---
Hello traders,

If you have created your dashboard, you can post it. I help you with pleasure.

best regards

--- 帖子 #276 ---
I have only one screen available and will use the "Ticks separate volume" and the "SKG buyers" as auxiliary indicators. Everything else is too much for me and sets me apart from the actual price.

--- 帖子 #277 ---
Hello Skipper13, one to two screens are perfectly fine and enough. I only look when I am in the trade now and then on my dashboard. It does not help me to get started, but with this help I was able to stay in the market a bit longer. This has been worthwhile for me in the long run.

Best regards

--- 帖子 #278 ---
Experiment with doji

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Dear Traders,

As we already know, equilibrium is a crucial factor for future resistance and support zones.
I think little of candlestick formations because they are too inaccurate due to the time units. A small exception is the doji, although here too the time units are inaccurate.

A doji is a candle with the opening and closing prices at the same price level. The doji signals primarily indecision or a break in the price movement.
Exactly this uncertainty we want to take a closer look today and dare an experiment.

There are doji finders as indicators, but they were too inaccurate. For this I have found an indicator and adjusted so that he shows me the dojis in the market.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

We take a price chart between 1.21 and 1.26 and search from 2010 to 24.01.2018 for doji to look at the chart from 24.01.2018.
From 2010 to today, the course was four times in our price chart. With the help of our indicator, we are now looking for the doji in the 4H chart.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

From 22.01.2018 to 23.01.2018 we find two doji. Right in the middle of this doji we draw a gray line.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

It continues into the year 2014, where we again record all found doji.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Although we find some doji in 2012, we identified many in 2014. This means that there is always uncertainty at certain price levels.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In 2010 we find a strong doji, so we draw this with a red line. Again, we do not find any other doji here.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Let's take a look at the result. Up to the red vertical line we drew the doji. Please note that we have not drawn any lines to the right of the red line.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In the 30 M chart it looks much clearer now.

I think the result is very interesting.

You can also identify the doji in smaller time units, and if you use the POC in addition, you have a good chance to turn the probability in your favor.

I wish you a nice week

best regards

--- 帖子 #279 ---
hello bionik,

no easy task to find the real doji, but very interesting.

--- 帖子 #280 ---
Hello skipper,

I will do one more post today, with the indicator and a very interesting explanation and an example.

See you later

--- 帖子 #281 ---
Hallo Bionik

Thank you, in the meantime, I will continue to practice

--- 帖子 #282 ---
How do I find a doji or a strength in the market

Hello dear traders,

Gladly you get the indicator and a detailed description of how I proceeded here.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

First, create a new chart image in 4H time unit. The beam color should be completely in dark gray, because of the better overview.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Open the indicator under "General" and replace the number 100 with the number 5.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Under "level" enters the number 4.8, color red with a thick line.
Under "Color" please enter the color white with size 5.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

If you now enlarge the image view, it should look like my picture. The smaller the white bar, the sooner it is a balance. The red line shows me where to put the white bar, so that it represents a balance for me. If you reduce the number 5, then automatically the number of equilibria decreases, but increases the accuracy of the display.

These are not always perfect Doji, but they are balances. And I finally wanted to find that.

If you enter the numbers 50 and 100 under "level", you can see, the higher the bar is the smaller the shadow of the candle. With the number 100 one finds a pure candle body without wick, which expresses a strength. With this indicator, the candle thickness and the candle weakness on the screen can be displayed.
If you add the momentum indicator in addition, you can draw very interesting conclusions.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In the 4H chart you can see a strong momentum at point 1, but the candle strength is still low as the bears push the price from high to close. The candle at point 2 is already much stronger, at point 3 creates a balance and uncertainty.

The bearish candle point 4 has momentum and strength, the pullback point 5 also has momentum but very little strength. There is also an Equilibrium, clearly visible in a smaller timeframe. This information suggests that it is likely to continue downhill.

At point 6 comes the confirmation to stay in the market as long as the strength of the bears prevails and the course reaches a decisive equilibrium.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Unfortunately, since this indicator only has one color, you can simply set the indicator Ticks Separate Volume below it with the setting as shown in the picture. The indicator is to be downloaded in Post 193.

The indicators was created in 2009 by MetaQuotes Software Corp. Thank you for this helpful indicators.

If you have time, you have to work and experiment with it.
I hope I was able to help you just a little bit

Best regards and good luck

Attached File(s)   Density Histogram.mq4

< 1 KB
|
804 downloads

--- 帖子 #283 ---
Hello skipper,

I think the thread: How do I find a doji or a strength in the market will certainly help you, because a large candle does not mean that it also brings strength. As you said yourself, watching individual candles is difficult in the current market. This makes it easier to have a view of the whole thing.

best regards

--- 帖子 #284 ---
Hello Bionik

I have a problem. My settings are as specified, but my chart looks different, can they help me?

Thank you

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #285 ---
now it is a little better
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #286 ---
hello Bionik

do you agree?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #287 ---
Hello Skipper13,

the Tick Seperate Volume shows you only the candle size. Enter the 0 in the numerical input and the 0.001 on the right. Then you pull down the two indicators so you have a bigger screen. Color the bars of the Destiny indicator in dark gray. That gives you a better overview.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Best regards

--- 帖子 #288 ---
I've added level 10 for myself and just look for Doji below

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #289 ---
Hello Trader,

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

As you could see, the 53 Pip Fall Down was not as strong as the bulls' pullback. This again gave an indication that the course continues to go up. He could turn again with the marked resistance lines.

best regards

--- 帖子 #290 ---
Hello skipper,

if you use level 10, are not that too many balances? The most extreme balances are most important in any case.

best regards

--- 帖子 #291 ---
Thanks for post. Subscribed already

--- 帖子 #292 ---
Hello Bionik,

Are these settings correct?

My chart is not identical to hers

What am I doing wrong?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #293 ---
the above picture is wrong, here is the right one

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #294 ---
What happens in EURUSD?

Hello dear traders,

There are three phases in a market.

Customers find a product interesting and start buying wildly. The dealer does not follow with the delivery. So the prices rise because everyone wants the product. The demand is thus greater than the supply.

At some point, many customers have the product and it creates a balance. Equilibrium arises because supply is just as strong as demand.

The product is now on the shelf, because most customers have already bought. The dealer lowers the price to get rid of the product. So the supply is bigger than the demand.The dealer lowers the price until a balance is created and then the whole game starts again.

The situation is similar on the stock exchange, where every trader acts as buyer and seller. That makes things a bit more complicated. Even more dramatic is that we compete comparatively as a small dealer against the department store giant Walmart.

In order to anticipate possible price developments, we must look in the price chart for these supply zones and demand zones.
In the monthly chart you can not always easily recognize these supply zones and demand zones. This is due to the time a candle is made. These candles often deceive us traders.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

At the moment point 2 is interesting for us. Where is the course going?

Let's take a look first to point 1. There we see between 1.26 and 1.25 a supply zone, that is, the supply outweighs the demand. This offer zone goes up to 1.207 / 1.199 and to 1.179. Of course, this supply zone then continues to 1.03, however, this supply zone has already been adjusted by a demand zone.
At point 3 we see in the zones 1,179 and 1,207 / 1,199 that the demand is greater than the supply. This zone could be interesting again.
Yesterday, the price has risen sharply and is now entering the crucial resistance zone that has already been run twice. The fact is, if the price hits an offer zone, it will go down. This zone is in my opinion between 1.25 and 1.26. If the price hits a quote zone there, it will go back and possibly try again.
Then the zones 1,207 / 1,199 or 1,179 could become interesting.

If we look at point 4 we see that there is again a strong supply zone there. Thus, one could assume that the price could approach this zone during the year.
Now it's time to keep an eye on this 1.25 to 1.26 zone to possibly take the downtrend. Our problem is the big players, who like to trade without competition up or down. Therefore, there are often wrong signals to cause confusion.
There was a great deal of uncertainty in the Asian area tonight, which is very nice to see here.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Let's wait until we get started and we might benefit from a supply zone.

I wish you much success

best regards

--- 帖子 #295 ---
Hello Johny Ive89,

Welcome to our blog. Thank you for your kind words. In this blog you will find many different and interesting topics that could help you. Have a look around and I am very happy about your feedback.

I wish you a successful week

--- 帖子 #296 ---
Hello Skipper13,

Try this setting once.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

You have to introduce the indicator as follows.

Between 0 and 50 he shows you weak candles, so candles have a long wick.

Between 50 and 100 he shows you the stronger candles to which a smaller wick.

I wanted to filter out the strongest candles here, so I chose the setting 50 to 100.

For the Doji you take the setting 0 to 5

I will post a contribution to this today

best regards

--- 帖子 #297 ---
The problem of candles

Hello dear traders,

a certain candle says nothing about future price movements, candle formations as well. Let's do a test.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

We take a bullish candle that goes from high to low 50 pip. The candle body is 30 pip, the shadows 10 pip each. I dyed the upper wick in red, as the course went from high to close down when the candle was finished. So for all candles, the top wick should always be red and the bottom wick always green. He is, however, shown neutral because the course first ran from close to high and then again to close. However, looking at the finished candle, the bears had the last word on the top wick and the bull on the bottom wick.

Now there are many ways that the price moves within a certain time frame in the candle. I have two options to choose from.
The question is: In which course (a or b) would they continue to bet on rising prices.
Which probability is greater that the price increases?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Let's turn the tables. Again, you have two options to choose from.
The question is: In which course (a or b) would they continue to bet on falling prices.
Which probability is greater that the course falls?

Now there are many theories and answers. The correct answer is: I do not know. Crucial for this is the course before it, but this helps only conditionally.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The doji is a weak candle because investors are uncertain where to go, the candle next to it symbolizes strength. The Open and Low as well as the Close and High are at an altitude. Here it was agreed that the course goes up. In daily business, one can not exactly analyze every single candle. The density indicator shows this strength very nicely. The range is from 0 to 100. The more this indicator reaches 0 the weaker the candle, the more it gets to 100, the stronger the candle.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In the 15 M Chart EURUSD you can see 3 beautiful examples. On January 12, 2018, a strong bullish candle is formed. The course is rising. On January 15, 2018, a strong bullish candle will again be created and the price will rise. On January 16, 2018, the bearish candle is not that strong and the price drops a bit.
Unfortunately, this does not always work, but you get clues that should be compared with other circumstances. This is also an auxiliary indicator, as the name suggests, it helps me, but not always.

As a Scalper, I have had very good experiences in the 20 second chart. Try it and make your own experiences.

Guidelines that help me to move forward

1.Without mathematics you can not get on
2.Problems can never be solved with the same mindset that created them.
3.When our calculations fail, we call it coincidence.

I wish you much success

--- 帖子 #298 ---
How do I deal with the Equilibrium?

Dear Traders,

Today I want to show you an example of what to look for when you have identified an Equilibrium.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

On 16.01.18 I have identified and drawn an equilibrium at point 1. The course then went up during the night and again formed a POC. When I looked at the course in the morning, you could see that the falling price did not touch my line and started a pullback. After that, the course came to my zone. Acting up here seemed to me to be insecure because we had a supply market. That was later confirmed to me. So I had to wait until the evening. I placed a sell limit order in my zone with a 6 pip stop. The price triggered my sell limit order. I put my take profit on point 4, since I assumed that on my line at point 1 again demand in the market comes. When the price went down 20 pip, I set my stop to zero without risk. I am then out a little earlier, because it was a bit unsafe in the market and I wanted to go to bed.

Of course I could have taken 120 Pip, but with 65 Pip I was very satisfied. Not that you think that's always going so well. There were many cases where my limit order was not triggered, I was stopped or the course came back completely. However, my stops are between 4 to 8 pip. If I'm stopped out I can accept that. When dealing with the Equilibrium, the stops can be a bit smaller, since the range in which the course change takes place can be calculated well.

As Swingscalper I want small stops and the highest possible risk ratio. The longer I am in the market, the less I can estimate where the market is going, and that increases my risk. That's why I'm only in the market for a short time, but I trade with higher contracts. I have tried many systems. The best was and is the Equilibrium. This system comes closest to my optimal way of acting.

At the beginning of my trader career, I have traded only a few seconds or minutes. I took my take profit too early and stayed in it too long when the course went against me. That cost a lot of money. Much back and forth means empty pockets. Therefore, do accurate analysis using the POC, making small stops and then running until an offer or demand zone returns. So you can calculate your trades quite well. This does not always work, but the traders always have a plan B in their pockets.

In the picture you can see very well that it is advantageous to let the market come by rather than run after the market.

If you can identify with this way of doing, take a closer look at this blog.

I'm looking forward to your feedback

best regards

--- 帖子 #299 ---
i hope the answer helps. Best regards

--- 帖子 #300 ---
Hi Bionics,yourtime and effort here is remarkable.Thank you.

Regarding EU I've been waiting a month to short this one but if it Breaks 2.55 I see 2.8 as the next opportunity. Cheers Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #301 ---
Outlook for 2018

Hello Mallee,

Thanks for the nice compliment. I like to pass on my experiences, after all, I have also received many ideas and input from some successful traders.
I am delighted that you are working with the Equilibrium and drawing in important zones. This is already the first step to success. Your forecast is understandable and could be quite real.

In order to get an exact overview of the whole situation I used a weekly chart from 2008 to 2018. For this overview, I use here a ZigZag Color, which shows me exactly the top of the courses. This creates a clear picture.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Basically, I always ask myself in which price region the demand dominates the supply or there is a supply market.
From point 1 to point 2, demand was higher than supply. Likewise from point 3 to point 4 the demand dominated. In principle, point 1 and point 3 were responsible for a strong move upwards. The starting point for this move, however, is in my opinion at point 1. Therefore, I have drawn in this area a gray resistance at 1,185. The red line 1.162 below comes from a move that ran from 1.60. That's why this red line is a strong resistance for me. This can also be seen in the course of 2015 to 2017 very nice.

Let's get to the supply market. From point 5 to point 6 there was a strong supply market. The trigger comes from the 1.40 region, has run down to 1.233, then a small pullback to 1.257 and then down to 1.04. Then there was a sideways range for 2 years which signaled uncertainty. Only at 1.03 the push came up, which one can understand well with the Equilibrium. The demand market dominated until 1.209, after which the offer dominated until 1.156.
We see that the red line is a strong resistance line. From the Open 2018 it went up almost 550 pip. Between 1.25 and 1.26 we have a strong resistance. Point 5 signals to me that there is a strong sellers' market here with a possible drop to the point 1 or 3, since there again the demand is greater than the supply. In the region between point 5 and point 1, some sellers still have to be satisfied before they can move upwards with the strong move.

Looking at the picture, it looks a bit like a reverse head and shoulders formation, fueling the presumption of a strong move up.
The chance for a downtrend up to 1.207 / 1.179 is given at point 5. Nevertheless, the course could run even higher then reverse and run down.
Therefore, the smaller time units are important to watch.

Every trader makes a plan before he starts trading. He needs an idea as to how it could possibly run and then starts to implement this idea.
My rough idea for 2018 is the plotted green annual candle in the chart. I have already described this idea in detail with justification here in the blog. Take a look at that.

Now it's about this idea in small time units to disassemble in order to start the day. I need long-term, medium-term and short-term goals. I have defined the long-term goal for myself. Now everyone has to identify the medium-term and short-term goals and then implement them. With this measure you are already further than many others who work without a goal.

Of course, no one can tell you whether it all happens or not. But who does not have a goal can not arrive. Before I make a trade, I have to know where the price goes, otherwise I would not trade. The most probable and safest way to know where the course is going is for me, the Equilibrium.

That does not mean that I'm always right. But I'm often right than wrong. And that's enough for me to further optimize my concept. With the right money management and the optimal attitude will act to success.

Keep it up, you're on the right track
I'm happy about feedback

Greetings and a very successful day

--- 帖子 #302 ---
Hello bionik,

thank you very much for your informative reports. Slowly I get a completely different picture of what trading and how to approach a trade.

I see that in the past I have done many things wrong and that I still have to learn a lot

--- 帖子 #303 ---
Hello Skipper13,

One can defend oneself against criticism, every human being is powerless against praise. I am most pleased that you, as a beginner, are making tremendous progress with Equilibrium. Although it is a bit more difficult at the beginning than with the basic indicators that everyone knows, but it is also much more profitable to work with the Equilibrium.

In this block there are various information that will save a trader a lot of nerves and a lot of money. I hope that the community within this blog "Equilibrium the key to success" will be even bigger and thus the exchange.

Traders are usually alone in front of their screen and an exchange with like-minded people is often difficult. You know other traders in real life, everyone has their system and works with it because he has always done so.

For this blog I wish a strong exchange with more like-minded people. To trade is one side, to write about it means to explain to others and to yourself how it works. Thus you recognize the errors in the system even faster and the learning success is enormous.

A group of people together is always smarter than the smartest individual. I hope our community grows bigger so we can put that strength to work for ourselves.

Everyone benefits from this because, as already mentioned, we trade here in the largest shark tank as a small fish. But we have a real chance, but that only works in a big community.

best regards

Michael

--- 帖子 #304 ---
Supply, demand and market balance is the foundation of microeconomics.

Take just 10 minutes and watch this video of the nonprofit Khan Academy.

Inserted Video

This example with apples illustrates our situation in the market. It's always about finding the best price, and the best price is always in an equilibrium. Here in the Forex market, there is a crucial difference to the example shown in the video.

Every trader can sometimes act as a trader and sometimes as a buyer. And this is a very special opportunity. But I have to understand the connection between supply and demand. If I am able to identify the equilibrium using the price chart, I have turned the future probability in my favor.

That's what our blog is about.

best regards

--- 帖子 #305 ---
Hello John Wick,

the resistance seems logical at first sight, my resistance is slightly lower between 1.19508 and 1.19467. In any case, in this range is an Equilibrium, was on the road today and have just switched me on. I'll take a closer look.

best regards

--- 帖子 #306 ---
Hello Mallee,

I looked at the overview again with a smaller setting in the ZigZag, because there was a small pullback above point 5.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Again, it can be seen that the actual downtrend has started at 1,257. Although the price has gone down from 1,288 to 1,234, it has been brought back to 1,257 by an Equilibrium. Thereafter, the supply market dominated strongly.

You could be right with your assessment, just look for clear clues that point to a falling price.

best regards

--- 帖子 #307 ---
Hello Michael

I am learning.

Do I see it right that we have an equilibrium area here in which it decides in which direction the course will run in the future and I have to look in the small TF again an equilibrium, in this area, to find an entry?

Klaus

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #308 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #309 ---
Hello skipper,

that will be fine, you will see it.

I wrote a post about your question this morning. Post 303. Check it out again.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Although we have a POC on the purple line, we also have a big downward pressure, so I'm skeptical of how long the resistance really holds. Always look at where we have a strong supply market or demand market. Also look at the video in the Post 305 again.

In the lower area where the green bars are is a large demand zone. There you should look more closely in the smaller timeframe.

best regards

--- 帖子 #310 ---
Hello Skipper13,

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The 100 pip down move is due to this 2014 chart. Take a look at the purple line in today's chart picture, then it will be clear. The pressure down is very strong, but there will be a pullback from time to time. Whether we can soon reach the 1.179 from now on is evident within the further course of the share price. I'm a downside fan, so you can act fast and efficiently. Especially since we are bullish this year.

best regards

--- 帖子 #311 ---
Hallo Michael,

thank you

--- 帖子 #312 ---
[quote=dkrock;10786775]Hello. I normally do not comment on Trading Systems

Hello dkrock,

First of all, thank you for your comment and especially for your criticism. I'm not offended, because criticism is finally a help to get better. Your criticism is factual and not personal. The reason why many people do not accept criticism is due to their vanities. It's often about being the best and to prove it to all people.

Being the best is not a worthwhile goal for me, but I'm always happy to learn from successful people.

I do not want to defend my definition of equilibrium because there is no right or wrong in the stock market or in the Forex market.

Take successful traders like Hanover, varun 76, Nicholishen, simond2002 and many others. Among other things, these professional traders are successful because they represent their own opinion and are not too bad to learn from other people. I can not agree with some of your statements, but I'm ready to learn.

Thank you very much for your kind offer and I will gladly deal with your way of trading.

I wish you a nice weekend

best regards

--- 帖子 #313 ---
Great Bionics,

First of all, i want to thank you for your hard work  you have spent so much time to explain this great idea (and share so much informative images). Down and up of price is very common, especially in the range market condition (i saw some up and down arrows too at your charts), so we must prepare all things before taking decision because the move are some times in range but some times are in trending (one way ticket to the moon).

Inserted Video

Before i put order, i need to calculate all possible factors, using so many indicators and theories i may have (from ma, oscillator, volume, volatility, trend lines, etc ...), reading news, pay attention to market sessions,  and may be using our voodoo indicators too .. lol , but still always having doubt, how to find the right time to entry ...

Top target is far enough from current prize (1.60xx based on Godmode, it is almost 3500 pips !!), so this year will be a very interesting year, but the main question is: does he calculate it Right ... ???

--- 帖子 #314 ---
[quote=phoenix168;10788354]{quote} Great Bionics, First of all, i want to thank you for your hard work  you have spent so much time to explain this great

Hello phoenix168,

Nice to hear from you, I hope you are fine. Thank you for your kind words, there is indeed a lot of work here in the forum. But it's worth the effort if other traders can benefit from it.

In December 2017, when analyzing the EURUSD monthly chart from 1971 to 2017, I drew a few lines in the chart and made some calculations.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

This gave an idea of how the EURUSD could evolve over the course of the year. On 01. January I posted this idea to FF.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Until we reach the 1.60 it will last until the end of 2021 / beginning of 2022 according to this calculation. That is pure speculation, though. At the end of January, I discovered the article by Godmode Trader, which coincidentally appeared on the Internet 1 day after my post. I found that quite interesting, as other traders had a similar idea.

I think we can be happy this year if the EURUSD creates the 1.39900, because from this price zone, supply dominates demand again. Whether that happens, however, is still far in the stars. I found the idea quite interesting, so I uploaded it.

You are absolutely right in your statement that getting started is not easy. Especially for me because I work with very tight stops. I leave out most of the indicators. Although I have a very elaborate dashboard, this only helps me to stay in the market a little longer. I can confirm that one can not at the same time pay attention to indicators, market conditions, press, FED, ECB and much more. That's why these things do not interest me at all. If there's an important session, I'll let the other traders go first and take a break.

In addition, I recommend to work without indicators only with the pure price chart.

Within the strong upward trend of the EURUSD, it is currently looking for a stronger correction. Whether this correction goes to 1,179 unfortunately no trader knows the world. However, we have a strong demand zone in this area again. The course has run three times in the last 21 days in the zone 1.252 / 1.255 and failed three times. One can conclude that this is a strong resistance zone. If the price is already breaking high in this zone, this resistance zone could become the support zone. This would make relapsing to 1,179 even more difficult than at the present time.

Therefore, I rather believe in a stronger decline towards 1.207 / 1.199 or a maximum of about 1.179. This is my opinion as always and thus pure speculation, because it comes in Forex market always different. If the course actually runs to 1.179 I can say: I guessed it, but I can not know it today.

Assuming that the price reaches 1.399 by the end of the year, and I would put up some contracts now, I would have to calculate a stop of 620 pips to possibly earn 1,600 pips. That's a chance risk ratio of 2.58, but I would not be sure because of the long time. If I want to invest in a long-term oriented manner, I would be more efficient with the cost average effect. As a swing trader you create a risk ratio of 2.58 faster and you do not have to wait a whole year. That's why I'm more on the short term. But that too is a matter of opinion.

The market in which we all trade works with the principle of supply, demand and equilibrium in a polypol, a market form of microeconomics. For this reason, I try to analyze and implement the supply zones and demand zones.

The Equilibrium helps me to better identify these zones. Equilibrium means uncertainty but also that buyers and sellers are in agreement at this moment.

After equilibrium, it is crucial with what strength demand dominates supply or with what strength demand dominates supply. Certainly price zones emerge, which always react similarly when the price enters this zone.

I have been following this principle for many years and I am very satisfied. However, it is very difficult to explain exactly the principle of supply and demand within the forex market. I will gladly work, discuss and develop strategies with the traders who believe in Equilibrium.

This does not work overnight, because you need about 10,000 hours to become a professional. This is unfortunately the same in every other job. However, I think that most traders do not act here to be a millionaire tomorrow, because unfortunately I can not help. It is much better to learn how to live the long term from trading. But this is decided by the traders who want to be successful with this system.

How to learn the principle of equilibrium faster, I will publish another post until tomorrow.

I wish you a nice weekend and I look forward to hearing from you.

Best regards

--- 帖子 #315 ---
Hello Skipper 13,

it's a pleasure

Have a nice Weekend

--- 帖子 #316 ---
[quote=aymoon2018;10785448]Hellothe resistance seems logical at first sight, my resistance is slightly lower between 1.19508 and 1.19467. In any case, in this range is an Equilibrium, was on the road today and have just switched me on

hello aymoon2018 I am looking forward to a reply best regards

--- 帖子 #317 ---
Thank You very much Bionics, i am fine and enjoying your great explanation ... it's really help !

About your yearly candle, is it in MT4 or other platform ? How can you do it ? i can not find how to use periodConverter indicator to create some think like that ...

Will spare time to read all of your posts from beginning ... Trying to understand the whole. Have a nice weekend Too ...

--- 帖子 #318 ---
Hello phoenix168,

Thank you for your compliment. In my blog, all steps are described exactly. You will find all the indicators and the exact settings. I know it's a bit of work to read it all, but it was a lot more work to write

Please take a little time and work through this blog, I am convinced that it will save you a lot of work in the long term.

On the first page you will find the most important headings.

I wish you a nice weekend

Best regards

--- 帖子 #319 ---
Help to get a feel for the Equilibrium

Dear Traders,

Before we come to an interesting assistance, how to get a better feeling for the Equilibrium, I would like to show you a midnight trade of December 2017 and why I did it. This trade was risky, I realized that later.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

At point 1 and point 2 on 11.Dec 17 one sees very nicely an uncertainty in the market. Shortly thereafter, the course went down. At point 2 I drawn two lines. At point 3 there was another equilibrium, which I ignored for the moment. At the 13.Dec between 13:00 and 14:30 CET point 4 was born. This point was very interesting for me. After an equilibrium, the price went up sharply. There I also drawn two lines. Demand clearly dominated the supply to the point 5. There was a small pullback, then dominated demand back up. Overall, the price went up about 100 pip until again a strong uncertainty prevailed in the market. The third and fourth last candle (top right of the chart) were responsible for my two lines. I do not like such equilibrium because the range is much too big there.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The price went even further up after a pullback and then suddenly dropped off. At the top I set a line. From this line clearly dominated the offer. The price lines for my buy limit order and my stop were clear, although I thought about putting the stop a little lower. However, I oriented myself to the strong momentum from the top of the 13th of December. When setting the TP, I was also a bit uncertain. The top line was too uncertain for me because the course was strongly rejected there. Added to this was the uncertainty of the slightly larger equilibrium within my two lines. Finally, I decided to put the TP something under the line.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

During the Friday 15.12.2017 the course went up a bit and was pushed down with the US session. Here I was very lucky, because the price closed on Friday evening 8 pip over my buy limit order. I do not like to be in the market over the weekend because potential gaps are unpredictable. Still, I had a high risk of being stopped out by a gap, as the order was in the market. Since I had used a guaranteed stop, I was on the safe side with my loss limit.
Around midnight the 15th of december my buy limit order was triggered.

When the course went through my support line point 5, I pulled the stop on the Zero. So I could not lose any more money. I used to take profits too early, today I just let the course go. Of course, the course also ran back a few times and I was stopped out at 0. But there are always new opportunities and that builds me up in this moment again.

The course went up above the point 5 and the TP was reached. At point 5, the support line could now become the resistance line. Thereafter, the course turned as if by magic in the same zone where previously dominated the offer. The course went back a bit and where did he turn? Exactly on my resistance line, where previously dominated the demand (Figure 1 point 5.) Then it went back up again.

I could have reached 150 pip. That's right, I was very satisfied with 90 Pip. I could have been stopped out, too. That's right, that happened to me many times, but not this time. However, I could have lived well with 7 pip loss plus spread.

The advantage of this approach is that you can set your limit order and then take care of other things. The supply zones and demand zones often show me what could possibly happen.

Expected Profit: 90 pip
Risk: 7 pip plus spread plus guaranteed stop = 9 pip

In this case, the chance risk ratio was 10. That means I could take 10 loss trades for this trade and have had no loss. However, my strategies focus less on the ratio between opportunity and risk, since the opportunities are based on pure assumptions anyway.

Of course, luck must be something on your side, after all, there are enough situations where I overlooked something or the market just did not react as I would have liked. In addition, one often has to wait a long time until the right opportunity arises. But since there are other currency pairs as well, the chances of finding a suitable opportunity are relatively high.

These situations can be trained very well.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The strategy tester is ideal for this. In Metatrader 4 under "View" you will find this strategy tester. When you open it, you can find all settings in the bottom window. You can work with all the indicators you need. It would be an advantage if you have additional course data available. For me, the 15 M Chart begins in 1971, with optimal price data available only from 1984. In Blog 149 you can find a video on how to get this course data.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Start the strategy tester and then add all the indicators you need. Set the screen as it suits you best. With the slider (blue circle) you can set the speed with which the candles form. Now you can search for Equilibrium and draw in your zones. Then pull the slider to the right and the course starts to run. Now you can see how the course responds to your zones.

You can play this game in all time levels with all currency pairs, commodities, precious metals or indicia. It is a very efficient training, but only with past courses. So you are also able to train at the weekend on a virtual forex market. If you already know the price history of your currency pair from the past, choose an unknown currency pair for training.

With that helped a lot, I have often watched only the pure running course and found that I have learned so much more than if I had looked at a static chart image. Try it yourself and you'll see that you get better and better over time without having to spend money.

I wish you a great weekend and a good start to trading on Monday.

Best regards

--- 帖子 #320 ---
Thanks! Great work!  Helpful and give me the insight to the market!

--- 帖子 #321 ---
Hello pumy,

Welcome to our blog and thank you for your kind words. I am pleased if the Equilibrium helps you. If you read the blog from the beginning you will find a lot of information besides the Equilibrium that can help you. A table of contents can be found on the first page. If you have any questions then I am happy to help.

I wish you a lot of success

Best regards

--- 帖子 #322 ---
Hi Bionics,

luckely I just found your thread, very informative. what's your expert opinion about EUR/USD,

and GBP/USD for this week.  plz advise.  thanks,

--- 帖子 #323 ---
hello bionik,

Thank you very much for your comments, which are getting more interesting every day and have changed my view of the chart in a positive way. My entries are less, but better and more accurate. Today I think 5 times if I enter the trade. I have to internalize this with Buy and Sell Stop.

thank you very much

skipper

--- 帖子 #324 ---
Hello loveandpeace,

Welcome to our blog and I am very happy if the information in this blog help you.

Forecasting the EURUSD this week would be 50% correct and 50% wrong.

Basically, I believe that the EURUSD is in a higher bull phase this year. Now he could be in a slightly stronger correction.

I have described in great detail from the blog 302. Therefore, I rather assume a medium-term downtrend. However, as the price of a currency varies greatly due to various factors, the Equilibrium helps to bring some light into the dark room.
Please read through the posts from 302 onwards.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The GBPUSD currently correlates strongly with the EURUSD. In the last 166 days in the 4H chart to 86% and in the last 3 days even to 96%. Of course, that will not stay that way, but it's a signal that the euro and British pound are similar to the dollar.

Take a look at the chart of the GBPUSD.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

From June 2002 (point 1), demand dominated supply by the end of 2007, with a strong pullback, of course. In 2008 (point 2) there was a half-year equilibrium, after which demand dominated strongly until 1.457. Although the course ran until 1.34 but was repeatedly strongly rejected. Then there was a large sideways range and mid-2014 (Punkt3) dominated the offer again. At point 4 the offer dominated after a small pullback. After that, the course went back to Zone 4 and you could assume that perhaps there will be a setback until the blue zone until the demand gets stronger again.

Since I am unfortunately not busy with the GBPUSD and I also have too little data (from 1993), I can not make any clear statements.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

On the daily chart, it looks like demand could dominate supply in the yellow circle and that the light blue line is a drag.

With a safe equilibrium for me, I start my trades. I have published an example in block 320.

If I am not sure, and unfortunately that is often the case, identify my equilibrium, plot it in the chart, and then wait to see how the price is in that range. From this I can pull my shots and try to find in a smaller timeframe with the help of Equilibrium a good introduction to the overall trend.

I hope I have been able to help a little bit and look forward to your feedback.

I wish you a successful week

Best regards

--- 帖子 #325 ---
Hello Skipper13,

I am very pleased that you are getting ahead and become more successful. As mentioned earlier, this is a matter of time. With the order types, every new trader has problems at the beginning, that's normal. But that is crucial for the trade.

There are 6 main types of orders: Buy Limit, Buy Stop, Sell Limit, Sell Stop, Buy Stop Limit and Sell Stop Limit. The first 4 should be enough to get you started.

Here are the explanations.

https://www.metatrader5.com/en/mobil...pt/order_types

I printed it out at the beginning and stuck it next to my screen.

best regards

--- 帖子 #326 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #327 ---
Attached Image

--- 帖子 #328 ---
Orders quickly and effectively

Hello dear traders,

In addition to supply, demand and the identification of the Equilibrium, a fast order is often required, with which you can get into the market immediately.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

When I started working with the Metatrader the order opening for a Swingscalper was very cumbersome (point 1). Until all the values had been registered, some time passed. A small relief was the 1 click trade (point 2) in the Metatrader, which did not satisfy me though.
At some point, the brokers started to provide small mini-terminals (point 3). The big problem: The stop could only be placed in the market after the order. As a long-term trader, this is less tragic, for a swing scalper yet.

A few years ago, I discovered the VR steals, a trading panel that was still in its infancy at the time, but already significantly better than the Metatrader variant. In the middle of 2014 I became aware of the 3rd version. That was a breakthrough for fast trading.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The screen remains very clear and efficient. The order execution is very fast, although this depends mostly on the broker. When you place an order, all relevant data that you have previously determined are included directly. This saves a lot of time. Stop and take profit lines can easily be moved at any time.
A little thing on the edge. There are brokers that allow scalping, but the smallest stop is 4 pip. If I place a limit order, it must be at least 4 pip away from the current price, otherwise it can not be placed. That annoyed me then, because I think a stop should be used individually. In the same way, you should be able to set a limit of 0.1 pip from the price if you want to.

Of course, this is possible in the futures market, which is more difficult in the CFD market, but there are brokers there too who grant this opportunity.
In certain situations, I find guaranteed stops very important, an example was the crash in EURCHF 2013th. Today, you would risk a maximum of your account, but at least no further money to pay. Therefore, make sure that you can decide when a guaranteed stop is important and when you can do without it. Since there are many brokers, you have enough choice.

Back to the Trade Panel VR Steals

I have seen that a high impact member (Voldemar227) has already presented this indicator in detail. The indicator was developed by him, and he has done a lot of work to introduce this great idea. That's why I want to refer to his page. There you get all the information. Thanks again to Voldemar227.

https://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=584980

There is also a video, unfortunately only in Russian, but that explains itself almost by itself.
Just drop by and work with this trading panel if you like it.

I wish you a nice week

best regards

--- 帖子 #329 ---
Hello skipper,

the question is justified, however, calculates this indicator to my knowledge, the strength of the respective currency, which regularly varies widely. The currency strength says nothing about how much the price is now rising or falling. Therefore, I would be careful to make a statement here.

Not every equilibrium is meaningful. It just means that there is a balance in the market. Anyway, this is more likely to happen today because the banks in the US have a holiday. That does not mean that today does not happen anymore.

You have to pay attention to supply and demand. Equilibrium can become important when equilibrium arises and there is a high demand or supply. The challenge now is to figure out when that balance will be crucial. And you can only get that out by drawing in your lines and watching the course.

best regards

--- 帖子 #330 ---
hello bionik,

Thanks, but that's exactly where I work

skipper

--- 帖子 #331 ---
Perfect and what's missing are many hours of experience. You will see that will happen.

best regards

--- 帖子 #332 ---
Thanks Bionics for your detailed reply, appreciate it.  Actually I had bought both,

EUR/USD & GBP/USD, last Friday and I am in loss so far.  But hoping that both

would go to NORTH soon.  take care.

--- 帖子 #333 ---
Hallo loveandpeace,

we're keeping our fingers crossed for you.

A lovely evening

--- 帖子 #334 ---
I sold and waiting to hit the profit. Will buy it as soon as it reaches around resistance area 1.22xx.

--- 帖子 #335 ---
Where does the EURUSD path lead us?

Dear Traders,

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

If we look at 2014 in the 4-H chart at point 1, supply dominates demand. This dominance goes with small pullbacks up to point 4. At point 4, there is then a strong uncertainty and the price continues to fall.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In 2018, it looks like this. At the moment the price fluctuates around the line 2. If the course manages to get over the line 1 sustainably and then recognizes the line 1 as a resistance, the bull is up to 1,288 little in the way.
If the course crosses line 3 and recognizes it as resistance, the course could run to line 4. Between point 3 and point 4, we expect a strong demand market.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

At the beginning of 2010 there was a demand market from point 1 to point 4. In the short term the price went from point 1 to point 2. Then the supply dominated the demand and the price went to point 3. This point happened to be our current resistance point A.
In May 2012 there was again a demand market from point 5 to point 7, whereby the first move went to point 6. Demand dominates supply in this zone.
From point 7 to point 8, supply dominated again and prices fell. After two pullbacks, the market went down. At the end of 2016, when everyone thought that parity was not far away, buyers came to the market and bought everything.
Now we stand at the point A. The range 1.288 on the top and 1.162 on the bottom. Looking at demand and supply, it should not go above or below this zone in the medium term.

If the price is going up now, it will end at 1.288. After that, the supply market will start the range between A and B. If the course now runs to point B, the demand comes at point B. That would be enough to bring the course to the 1.288. There will be a pullback, which should not be so strong.
Then the way to the 1,399 would be free, and there will be some pullbacks along the way.
This is pure speculation and my opinion due to the situation of supply or demand. However, there are endless possibilities that will come in between and therefore it will certainly be different.

Now we are back to the point. First of all, I need a rough goal. Then I set myself intermediate goals and at the very end I go into the fine structure.
The fine structure is the smaller time units with the task of identifying and implementing the right equilibrium.
And that's where we're going to start this year to make it easier to reach one goal or another.

I wish you much success

Best regards

--- 帖子 #336 ---
Hello Techanalyst,

Unfortunately I can not predict if the course will stop you. If it had been my trade, I would have zeroed the bet and let it go. If you are stopped out, you may be annoyed but have not lost anything. And there are enough new opportunities. However, you have to make that decision yourself as a trader. Maybe the Post Nr.336 will help you a little bit further. But the idea was perfect.

best regards

--- 帖子 #337 ---
hello bionik,

thank you very much for your analysis.

I am studying your versions again from the beginning.

--- 帖子 #338 ---
Dear Traders,

Here is an appraisal of the current situation in EURUSD.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The two high points that EURUSD has formed in the last 4 weeks may be responsible for a larger downtrend. When the course went to point 1, there was a brief pullback, but the price formed not a new high. Therefore, at point 1, the supply was so strong that the price ran to 1.22. Then demand dominated, the price formed a new high and then the supply dominated again.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In 2014 you can see the price going until 1.22, after which demand dominates. After the yellow line has reached a strong downtrend followed. This means that supply dominates demand.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Normally, I do not work with slanted lines, but for clarity, I make a small exception today.

Pay attention to points 1, 3 and 5. These points were the beginning where supply dominated demand. Points 2 and 4 were the beginning where demand dominated supply. Right next to point 2 there is a large equilibrium with a demand zone.

In my opinion, the price could rise again at point A to point B and then it goes further south. Currently this is my opinion. However, since we had just equilibrium in the 5 M chart, the market opening in London could also create a short-term uptrend.

That's why it's important to keep an eye on the price chart, draw in its zones and then make a decision.

I wish you much success today.

best regards

--- 帖子 #339 ---
Attached Image

--- 帖子 #340 ---
Hello skipper,

I'm sorry, I can not help you, because I do not know anything about this area. But there is a creative and professional programmer high impact member fxdaytrader who might be able to help you.

https://www.forexfactory.com/fxdaytrader_

best regards

--- 帖子 #341 ---
Hello skipper13,

I can only confirm you in this, because in this blog there are some examples to identify the Equilibrium. Of course, not all assessments are correct, which trader can say that he is always right. But it will help you to get closer to the mystery of supply, demand and balance. This gives you a better feeling for future price movements and that's what helps you in daily trading.

best regards

--- 帖子 #342 ---
hello Bionik,

Thank you, I will take a look at this

--- 帖子 #343 ---
How the US Dollar Index continues to help us

Dear Traders,

The US Dollar Index (USDX) represents the ratio of the following currency basket to the US dollar:
Euro 57.6%, Japanese yen 13.6%, British pound 11.9%, Canadian dollar 9.1%, Swedish krona 4.2% and the Swiss franc 3.6%
This can be used to read the strength or weakness of the US dollar. A rising index means that the US dollar is strengthening against the currencies in the basket of currencies, while a falling index is depreciating.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In order for you to be able to load the US Dollar Index into your MetaTrader, your broker must provide it to you. Not every broker offers this service.
Under "View" and "Market Overview" you have to select "Show all" and see if the US Dollar Index is available.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

If you compare the US Dollar Index with the EURUSD, you will believe at first sight that the price is exactly the same. The opposite is the case. Basically, the courses are similar, which is inevitably clear, but the differences are clearly visible. What has always bothered me is that the US Dollar Index is almost mirrored to the EURUSD. Being a visual person, I wanted to put the US Dollar Index in the same direction as the EURUSD.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I finally succeeded with the iMirror indicator. Unfortunately, I can not figure out who developed this indicator, but it does help to implement that idea. At the end I post this auxiliary indicator. With this help, the US Dollar Index can move in the same way as the EURUSD. Where I drew the two circles would have been a nice confirmation for me that the course goes down. Since the price is only in a sideways range, that was only 16 pip, but at least.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

As a rule I work in the 1H chart with the US Dollar Index and can work there with supply, demand and balance as described in our blog. Sometimes the US Dollar Index determines where to go and sometimes the EURUSD. I can use this index very well as a confirmation, but it is not the holy grail.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Unfortunately, I can not consider the price display because the chart image is mirrored. Neither can I use the Momentum Indicator, which gives me the strongest momentum in the course. Here, the Sensity indicator helps me find the strongest and weakest candles in the market.
Just when the EURUSD hit an important resistance line, the US Dollar Index has usually provided me with very good information.

This is a nice help, for me still supply, demand and balance decide on success and failure.

I wish you a nice day

best regards
Attached File(s)   iMirror.ex4

13 KB
|
674 downloads

--- 帖子 #344 ---
Hello Techanalyst,

after some trembling you have reached your goal. Congratulations. I hope you have traded with as many contracts as possible.

best regards

--- 帖子 #345 ---
[quote=Bionics;10800228]{quote} Hello Techanalyst, after some trembling you have reached your goal. Congratulations. I hope you have traded with as many contracts as possible. best regards[/quote

Thank you. It's a big possibility that this will go further down. Just waiting now to see if i get a signal that is going to go back up to about 1.25 i will buy, if it starts going under the support line, i will still sell.

--- 帖子 #346 ---
Hello dear traders,

5 days ago I gave up this post.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The course has developed as follows to this day and we are now in the area of strong resistance.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In the lower green line, demand dominates supply. The question is whether the price may go up to 1.24 and turn because the supply is there dominating, or the price can break the resistance zone.

That should be watched closely now.

I wish you a nice evening.

best regards

--- 帖子 #347 ---
Hello dear traders,

Yesterday was a day when many traders thought it was going up again. The expectations were unfortunately not met.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In the 4H chart we see that the course is currently forming a small equilibrium. That could be an indication that there will be a pullback afterwards. The offer zone 3 is very strong, so I would give a pullback the chance to a maximum of the point 4.

At point 2 there is demand, but at point 1 demand is much stronger as this is shown by the source of demand.

If the course continues to run down, he could develop strength again at point 1 to run towards point 4. Now we have to watch closely the price history in the smaller timeframe.

Yesterday the bulls tried to push the course over Zone 4 and failed. This shows how much power the bears currently have. So we are waiting for the big demand that allows a pullback.

It will be exciting today, let's see what will become of the Equilibrium.

I wish you much success today.

best regards

--- 帖子 #348 ---
Trading workplace with 5 screens under $ 2,000

Dear Traders,

Anyone who wants to earn money on the stock market in the long term must invest. But you do not need to invest $ 10,000 at the beginning. If I invest, the price / performance ratio should be right. At the beginning I searched the internet for what i needed. I was scared how expensive such equipment was. If you want to become a full-time trader and have already gained experience in the marketplace, you should be comfortable at work and be able to work efficiently.
The question what you need is not so easy to answer, because everyone sees differently. Personally, I started with 4 screens and now there are 7 screens. That has been enough, but I will now upgrade something. Since I preferred to invest my money for the trades in the beginning, I had to come up with a solution.

Today I would like to introduce an idea, how you can put together a trading workplace with 5 screens under $ 2,400, or with 10 screens under $ 4,500. For the beginner certainly enough 2 screens, but professionals who want to optimize their trading station, could save a lot here.

Let's start with the computer. A laptop is enough for a start. Although Sony laptops are no longer manufactured, these are among my favorites. They are sturdy and because they are not built anymore, you get a Vaio laptop 17 inches with an i7 processor needed for $ 500. Make sure the Sony has a high end CPU with a Pass Mark value of at least 7,000. Here you can compare your CPU.

https://www.cpubenchmark.net/high_end_cpus.html

The RAM should be at least 8 GB and replace the 1 TB HDD hard drive with a Samsung 500GB SSD 850 EVO.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The advantage of my Windows 10 was up within 20 seconds and shut down in 5 seconds. Performance is also important, there are up to 6 different Metatraders running on my computer and up to 46 auxiliary indicators (Post 246) on my dashboard. This requires enormous power, which you certainly do not need in the beginning. To increase the access times you should set the rapid mode of Samsung, which brings the biggest improvement.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

My access times are much better than before, which makes trading a lot easier. If you have an SSD in use, you can check the performance with the AS SSD benchmark, if you work with an HDD you need the program CrystalDiskMark. You can download the programs for free and check your computer. If you did the test, do not be fooled, at the beginning I had only 1,100 points. You can optimize everything.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

As a monitor, I recommend the LG 32mp58hq-p monitor for about $ 250. He is 32 inches, a good resolution of 1,920 x 1,080 pixels has a decent access time and brightness. Your office chair should have a lumbar support and guarantee you a neat hold. It does not have to be a Recaro chair at the beginning. Just enter gamer chair on Ebay. An external graphics card saves the resources of your laptop. Here I recommend Digitus USB 3.0 adapter apiece for $ 75. A wall bracket should be adjustable on all sides costs about $ 50 each. An active USB distributor costs $ 20. Still a few USB cables, HDMI cables and a network cable for a total of $ 40.

Altogether we are for the laptop with SSD, 4 monitors 32 inches, 4 external graphics cards, office chair, wall mounts and accessories at about $ 2,400.
This will cost 10 screens 8 x 32 inches plus 2 laptops with all accessories around $ 4,500.

If you look around a bit, you can certainly save even more. With the Sony Vaio you can already drive 2 additional screens, so you would need only 2 external graphics cards in the beginning. If you negotiate well, you can buy a decent trading workplace for less than $ 2,000.

I have two different internet providers with 100 Mbit. One provider via cable, the other via the wireless network. I get the best speed over a network cable and the wireless network is my last resort. If the power goes out, I do not need an external power supply with the laptop, but then the Internet is off. Then I still have my cell phone with which I can close the position in an emergency.

In addition, I recommend a CO2 meter, please read Post 131

Light, oxygen, a good desk as adjustable as possible, so that you can sometimes stand are a basis for good work. I will rebuild my trading room this year to enjoy more comfort. I think if you spend many hours in a room, you should feel good. Then you can overcome losses much easier and enjoy the profit twice.
I hope you had some ideas and I look forward to your feedback.

A beautiful and successful day.

Best regards

--- 帖子 #349 ---
hello bionik

Thank you very much for your analysis, I'm learning a lot and I'm already profiting.

My entrances are getting better, because I'm looking for balance, if I also include my auxiliary indicator that records S / R with me.

Yesterday 20 pips were short profit. Thank you.

--- 帖子 #350 ---
Hello Skipper13,

I am very pleased that as a beginner you are concentrating on the most important aspect of the forex market, supply, demand, balance and thus your first successes. As a beginner, I would have been happy to know this foundation. This will save you many hours where you do not have to deal with unnecessary knowledge. You do not want to get cocky now, continue building your knowledge and working to identify the zones correctly. I am really proud of you, because you prove that even a beginner who diligently and efficiently wants something, reaches his goal. This has nothing to do with this trading system of supply and demand, because this can be done with any good system. Decisive is what you want to achieve.

Keep it up

Best regards

--- 帖子 #351 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #352 ---
Hello Techanalyst,

It is always risky to trade a pullback because you do not know how far that goes. We are still in a downtrend, but you might be lucky today. However, I do not think that we will see the 1.24 since we have a strong supply zone from 1.2335. Look at my post 348 again. But I keep my fingers crossed.

best regards

--- 帖子 #353 ---
EUR ECB Monetary Policy Meeting

Today at 13:30 CET it started, the course plunged 16 pip down, 37 pip up and then again 20 pip down. And within a minute. Then it went 22 Pip down and 22 Pip up in one hour. After an hour we were back where we started. So and what did the whole thing. At least a little fun. When I saw that the price was going down, I put a buy stop at the Daily Open and was lucky this time. You have to pay attention to these fake breakouts often have a range of 15-17 Pip until it goes back massively in the other direction.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

To trade in such situations is like going to the casino. So this meeting was a decisive factor for the EURUSD, but I see it completely different. Although the course has moved, once down and once up, but after an hour were back where we started. So, in fact, nothing happened.

After that, nothing happened, because the course was anyway in the downward trend to form a pullback. And that is exactly what happened. I do not mean to say that the meetings have no impact on the traders and thus on the courses, but the meeting today has changed little about the overall situation. Maybe the pullback upwards may have been accelerated a bit, but that's about it.

That's why I usually keep out of such situations. Today I had expected to be stopped out with 4 pip and I had a guaranteed stop. But it had nothing to do with Trading.

It is always fun in the evening to find out at NTV, why the DAX or EURUSD has risen or fallen. It does not matter what the news is about the ticker. The market is moving because people and computers are pushing the BUY or SELL button. And why are you pushing to BUY or SELL? Because you have an opinion. And this opinion often has nothing to do with the economic data.

As I said, that is my personal opinion and I also respect any other opinion.

Of course, the economy in each country is important, but not for me. For me, how investors respond to the news is far more important.
And it was the same today. After waiting an hour, the pullback could continue today. I had expected anyway that the pullback only runs until 1.2348 and then continues its downward trend, but I can be wrong too.

That's why my recommendation, do not listen to the news, but look how the investors react to it. If there is a storm at sea you should stay in the harbor with a small sailing boat. When a fresh breeze blows then sailing is fun.

I wish you a nice evening.

best regards

--- 帖子 #354 ---
Trend oder Pullback

Hello dear traders,

I would like to post an interesting discovery today

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

This 1H chart image looks very unclear, so I tried to make the price trend a bit clearer.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

As you can see, the most important price gradients have been smoothed out. Next, I've dealt with the trend direction, the amount of pips and the time.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

My aim was to determine the average pips within a 1 H period, which is relatively easy with Excel.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Now I have produced the result in the clear chart image. The lower bars show the average pips per hour per trend.

The smaller the bars, the stronger the trend. Very strong trend = A, Strong trend = B, Weak trend = C, Very weak trend = D.

The problem with the Zigzag indicator lies in the fact that it is only later known that the trend is over. However, this is irrelevant for a long-term outlook, after all, you can still switch to a smaller unit of time and see how the course is taking place there.

So I'll do some calculations on the weekend and then ask the pros for their opinion. I wish you all the best for the downhill today. At 1,223, though, I'll be a bit cautious.

best regards

--- 帖子 #355 ---
Hello Bionik,

a very interesting analysis and approach, I've never thought about it.

Thank you

--- 帖子 #356 ---
Hello Skipper13,

that's just an idea, at the weekend I'll take a closer look and report the result. In the flow the whole thing looks quite interesting. How are you progressing?

best regards

--- 帖子 #357 ---
Hello Bionik,

Thank you I'm fine, their analyzes help me a lot and my entries are very prudent, sometimes I have the impression to be prudent.

Unfortunately, I can not trade next week (holiday) but I will follow their postings.

In the EUR / USD I have the impression that it is a cat and mouse game in recent days.

I think the zone where the course is currently located (1.23330 - 1.22600) could be decisive in which direction the course develops.

Best regards

--- 帖子 #358 ---
Hey Bionics, In this post third picture from  top: how did you get those two lines at TP? thank you.

--- 帖子 #359 ---
Hello Trader Waldo,

I drew that with Power Point. Post 242

https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...5#post10756335

best regards

Michael

--- 帖子 #360 ---
Thank you. I meant to ask where is equilibrium for those two horizontal lines at TP. I did not ask nothing about PP...

Are we talking about same chart?

I am referring to this one:
Attached Image

--

is it same as this one :

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #361 ---
Hello Tradder Waldo,

Please read post 320, there it is exactly described, how the lines came about

Title: Help to get a feel for the Equilibrium

Best regards

--- 帖子 #362 ---
Hello dear traders,

since the 20th of february the market is a bit uncertain. The lines I have marked on 21st February have reasonably held.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

If the price now passes through the next resistance, the red resistance line could be crucial to a supply or demand market.

It remains very exciting today.

best regards

--- 帖子 #363 ---
Equilibrium in the monthly chart

Dear Traders,

In order to find out what will happen in the EURUSD over the next few months, we need to look more closely at the Equilibrium.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

At point 1 we can see how the bullish price came off strongly from a pullback and formed a small equilibrium. After that, the price continued to rise sharply.

If you follow this line, you can see how the big pullback has responded to point 3. Between 2014 and 2017, the monthly price has reacted three more times to the line. Equilibrium is created at point 2 and it can be observed that the course reacts five times to this and finally forms an equilibrium again at point 6. This line now acts as a resistance. Point 3 is not very clear to me, because after a small equilibrium a large equilibrium was formed. However, this line could be a big resistance when the price of 1.255 arrives in this zone. Point 4 is a clear zone, but it is unclear whether as resistance or support. If the point 6 holds as a resistance and the course then starts up from 1.179, I would be more inclined to view the line 4 as a support line. The point 5 has already acted as a resistance, so I think this zone acts as a support when the course now breaks through from above.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here we see once more clearer in the daily chart the price trend. At point 1 and 2 you can already guess the rest of the course. Equilibrium at point 3 is a crucial zone. From point 4 a strong eruption goes up, at point 5 a strong eruption down. Thus, this zone could represent the end of a pullback of 1.255.

If this happens, we will see. I can not look to the future even with an Equilibrium. However, if I can assume that this is an important zone, I already have an advantage.

Therefore, these equilibrium are so important to identify from a sharp rise or fall. Look at it yourself in the 15 M chart and draw these zones. You'll be amazed how many times you hit the mark.

I wish you a very successful trading week

best regards

--- 帖子 #364 ---
Hello Bionik,

Thank you for your analysis. So, in her opinion, the price could fall within the range of 1.93240 and 1.73300 before going into the range of 1.255400 - 1.25700.

--- 帖子 #365 ---
Hello skipper,

The downtrend to 1.179 would be quite conceivable, but that depends on the further price trend.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I think that the course is doing a little pullback now. If he gets through the green zone it looks very good with a bearish momentum.

best regards

--- 帖子 #366 ---
Important supply, demand and equilibrium

Dear Traders,

Here's a nice example of how versatile an Equilibrium can be and how it can be accurately identified.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

We start in the EURUSD 1H chart in July 2017. At point 1, a classic equilibrium forms and then the price rises sharply. From the white arrow, demand was stronger than supply. If we follow this point to the right, we get to point 2. The price increases, then there is a pullback with a small equilibrium. Now the only question is: When will demand dominate the supply? Exactly from the white arrow. This leads us exactly to point 4. Near point 5, an equilibrium is created again. Exactly on the white arrow the demand dominates the supply. This leads us to point 6. At point 7, equilibrium re-emerges supply dominates demand and the price falls sharply. Let's take a look at what this zone is for the future.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I think that should convince everyone that supply, demand and equilibrium are a great way to significantly improve my chances of winning.

I wish you a successful week

best regards

--- 帖子 #367 ---
Handle what you see and you will lose or win

Hello Trader,

Before we start we do a little test again

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

We have two situations in the first situation, a green candle then a red and in the second situation a red and then a green candle.
To make it easier, I have sketched the course within the candle.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The numbers in the Metatrader represent micro pips. The high low amounts to a total of 5 pip per candle. You recognize a little equilibrium here. The question is: is it going up or down now?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Same example only vice versa. Question: Is the price going up or down now?
Correct answer: That depends on the last equilibrium and if after that the supply has dominated the demand or the demand has been stronger.
Well, if you see the course, you could say more.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here you can see a course, but you will not get any smarter. The difference between a minute candle and a 20 second chart is already enormous. Especially in very volatile markets, the 20 sec chart can give much better insights. Basically, the current bar charts are misleading us. If I used to think it had to go up, the price went down. I thought now it goes down, it went up. Today, I do not notice the currently running candle at all. Unless the candle comes into a zone I've identified before. Then the price reaction is important to me. I believe if they switch off the current candle, many traders would be able to earn more profit.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

With a reversed price history, the error rate of the trades could possibly also be improved, but that is pure speculation. The movements of the candles are deceiving us, it's like a tennis player pretending a hit. No one can react so quickly to know that this is a real blow or just a fake. Most of the price movements are not fakes, they are the result of sell order and buy order. The market moves only because orders are abandoned, the orders that are already priced into the market, no longer change the price. Only if they are taken out of the market again. An example of how it could work:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I hope it does not work that way, but in the beginning I experienced that as well. Today I work with a double network: supply and demand. When I enter the market, I set my stop to a previously identified resistance line. I never put my stop to my disadvantage. When the stop is triggered, it is usually the case that the course goes much further down or up.

Losses are part of the business, as are profits. That's why I'm not interested in that. I never try to recoup my losses on the same day. Very important, the next day I start at zero and not in the minus. New day new game.

And when things are going really bad, I'm happy. My money, which I have previously taken from another is not gone, it has now only another.

I wish you a successful day

best regards

--- 帖子 #368 ---
Hello Bionik,

I have already learned so much new from them. I find that I always try to find a balance that I am sure I will not always or immediately succeed. But I think this kind of trading so far the best. I still use my support indicator to find the balance better and then make the appropriate decision for the trade. I think it is much better in volatile markets. Yesterday it went very well for me, today I have some problems, because the market fluctuates too much.

--- 帖子 #369 ---
Hello Skipper 13,

I am very happy that it is progressing slowly. Please keep in mind that you are learning a new profession and that takes time. With the way to act you are on the right path, the experience comes with the time. Trading in Equilibrium is always difficult and not really recommended. I had the last few days so my difficulties to get into the market properly. But you have to always look positive and so come better days again.

best regards

--- 帖子 #370 ---
.

--- 帖子 #371 ---
Hello Techanalyst,

as a long-term trader I would be there as well, although I would have waited a bit, since I think the price could rise again by 150 pip. A risk profit ratio of 5 is top. In addition, I believe that the course could turn back at 1.179 or above, but then you can also close manually. In any case, you have some thoughts, I'm excited. But that will take a while until the trade is over. I wish you that the trade also goes through clean.

best regards

--- 帖子 #372 ---
Something to laugh about funny broker

Hello dear traders,

I want to make a big exception today and give you something to laugh with on the way. In Germany there is a similar video, so I just had to post it. Belongs to the topic: Forex.

Inserted Video

I wish you a nice trader week.

best regards

--- 帖子 #373 ---
If I were a big player ....

Hello dear traders,

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Look at the 4H chart in EURUSD. The course went up sharply from the bottom and at point 1 there was a small pullback. In zone 2, demand dominated the supply to point 3. Now the supply dominated to point 4. There, the price went up again, since not all purchase orders had been completed. Only at point 5, the supply dominated so much that the price fell to point 6. There was a strong equilibrium between point 1 and 2, as well as near point 6. Demand dominated supply again and the price rose sharply. At point 7, all buy orders were processed and the offer dominated to point 8. There was a small pullback and then it went down. Now we are at a crucial point. You can see that some bullish moments have sprung up in the last 32 hours. That's a hint that uses demand. The big players know that the crowd expects it to go back up now. However, the strong demand zone lies with the green box.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

As a big player, I suspect that the prices will rise again. So what do I want. Low entry prices to sell high. I let the mass assume that the prices rise again now and press the course into the demand zone. There I buy everything I can get and the prices go up. I am selling between zones 1 and 9 because I know that the prices will fall very sharply then.

At 1.22116 everyone thought it was going up now. Since we are already in a stronger downtrend, many assume that it will now go down stronger if the big players push the prices to buy cheaper again. Then the big players push the courses up and all are stopped out. Then the big players buy everything and the course keeps jumping up.

Whether that always works, I do not think so, but I always try to think like a big player. That has often helped me.

I wish you all a great day

--- 帖子 #374 ---
Breakout without annoying passengers

Dear Traders,

The forex market today is much harder to trade than it was many years ago. The reason is because of how the traders are oriented. I'm not talking about the private trades that make up only a fraction of the market, but the commercials and non-commercials. Commercials are often producing or manufacturing companies, which because of their dependency secures themselves from commodity prices on the futures market. (Hedgers)

Non-commercials are typically performance-oriented institutional traders or solvent private investors who meet the minimum reporting requirements.
Particularly aggressive are the very short-term oriented high-frequency traders on which I have already written a report. (Post 205 & 237)
These high-frequency traders already account for more than 50% of the turnover on some exchanges on certain days. These traders are very short-term invested and cut with all tricks, small pieces out of the big cake. These high frequency scalper work with complex algorithms to analyze different markets and execute orders depending on market conditions. Their technology and their programs are almost unrivaled.

These traders often provide for the impossible movements in the market, where you ask yourself as a private trader: Where is the trend actually going?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

We write Oct 17, after a 200 pip uptrend comes a downtrend that will grow to be 150 pip. The course goes down to a nice 70 pip. Suddenly the price goes up 70 pip within minutes and then the downtrend continues as if nothing had ever happened. Who is pushing for buy in a falling market please? Answer: He has enough money. Why does one do it? First, because nobody expects it. Second, so that you get a better purchase price. Third, to stop most traders, because competition slows down the prices.

If I want to trade high as a big player, you need to have as little as possible on board. Why? The answer is simple, if the price goes up a lot, many traders want to get out quickly to make a profit. So to get out I have to sell my trade. When many traders sell, the price of the upside should not continue. This means that the fewer traders are pulled up, the higher my price.

So I have to confuse the traders, I have to let them believe that the course is going in a completely different direction. Then I'm up in the market alone.We are fooled every day. The only way to protect yourself is to watch the Equilibrium in the market. Of course I would have been stopped in the situation, but my stop would have closed at 5 pip. I could have gotten over that. But there are many traders working with larger stops. The interesting thing about the Equilibrium would have been in this situation, that one gets an idea of how far this move could go and would go down exactly in the zone of Equlibrium.
Nevertheless, one could have foreseen it, or could have guessed better.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I have drawn a yellow line where the price has shot up strongly. Let's look back 3 days. You see how the course goes to point 4. Question: At what point 1,2 or 3 did demand dominate supply?

Correct answer: At point 3. From point 3, the course has almost gone through to point 4. Before, he has always run back. This line was thus a sign that the course there can again become bullish. No one could have guessed that the course became so strong.

This is not magic but simply supply, demand and balance. Every market is dependent on that. The big players may have much more money than I'll ever own, but these traders leave their mark on the market, and if you know how to do that, you can maximize your profits and limit losses. That's the advantage of the little ones, no one sees me in the market and fewest big players know that I often know what they are up to. If the big players are pursuing a strategy, they look in the orderbook where all the traders are positioned. They also find out where the buy or sell order is and so can do their thing to the detriment of many traders.

Actually, this is an exciting thing if you know who you are dealing with. I do not want to suggest that I always have the clarity, but with each passing day, my feeling and my experience is getting better and better. My advantage as a small trader is that no one perceives me. But I can see the tracks of the big players and just have to interpret them correctly. But this is easier than if there are no traces that you could interpret.

In the present time, it is not the big ones who eat the little ones, but the fast ones the slow ones.

And that is exactly our chance, which we should use.

I wish you a great day

best regards

--- 帖子 #375 ---
Hello Bionek,

hank you for your further detailed explanation of the Equilibrium. The deeper I get into the subject, the more confused I am, but I also see something clearer at the same time

--- 帖子 #376 ---
Hello Skipper13,

that's like all the new things you use for the first time. In the beginning everything is great. The longer you work with it, the more questions you come up with. The decisive thing is to be sustained. Most things will succeed if you hold out long enough. If you invest in a mutual fund as an investor you should not change every year just because there is a better fund. But the fees eat so much return that you would end up better in the bad fund and still has generated more return than to change annually in the best funds.

So stay tuned, you're on the right path.

best regards

--- 帖子 #377 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #378 ---
Result of this morning

Hello dear traders,

I dropped off the following post this morning at 10:42 CET.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Score tonight 19:10 CET

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

That was 30 pip down and 60 pip up. The course went a bit over the resistance, but that was a bit of a meeting: Fed Chair Powell Testifies. Nevertheless, one could already guess what would happen this morning, my resistance line was right despite "Fed Chair Powell Testifies". Now you know why I do not bet on these meetings. I only care about supply, demand and balance.

Of course, I'm also often wrong, but you can see from this example how important it is to keep an eye on the Equilibrium.

If it does not always work, today 90 pip worked.

A lovely evening

best regards

--- 帖子 #379 ---
Hello Techanalyst,

very good timing, but we now have a strong bullish pressure from below. Let's see how far the course comes up, until it goes further down. Our goal this year is 1,179 as the lowest point and 1,339 as the highest point.

I wish you continued success.

best regards

--- 帖子 #380 ---
Hello dear traders,

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

As I wrote yesterday at point 1, I suspected goal 2 and goal 3.  Now it gets a bit harder because we have a lot of different supply zones and demand zones.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The price could go down a bit, in the range of 1,224 I suspect a demand zone that could push the price down to the green line. There we have a stronger supply zone again. That could be the decisive factor to follow the trend further down.

At the green lower resistance zone, the price is likely to increase again and then continue down the path. As always, this is pure speculation; supply and demand zones are constantly changing as a result of the current price trend. Therefore, a prospect for this long time is difficult.

I wish you a successful day.

best regards

--- 帖子 #381 ---
Hello Bionik,

Scenario in M5?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #382 ---
Hello Skipper13,

if you trace the lines on your 1H chart as in my chart image and then switch to the 5 minute chart, it should work.

Best regards

--- 帖子 #383 ---
Hello Bionik,

I tried to find some old Equilibrium from 2010, please ask for correction

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #384 ---
Hello Skipper13,

you make it too hard for you. But that's always the case in the beginning and completely normal.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Before you look for the Equilibrium, take a look at the market. Where is a supply market and where is there a demand market? After that, the question is how far did the demand market or the supply market go?

Look at the strong demand zone at point 1. How far did she go? Up to the blue line. Now to point 2. There we had a strong supply zone. How far did she go? Until again a strong demand zone came. That's exactly what I had marked yesterday. How far does the course go up in the first step? Until he comes back into a strong supply zone. Just look where the zones are and then look for the Equilirium in those zones.

That will be fine.

best regards

--- 帖子 #385 ---
Hello Bionik,

Thanks, I work and study. I think I understand slowly

--- 帖子 #386 ---
Interesting statics

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The chance of being struck by lightning is 1: 3,000,000. The chance to crack the jackpot at Powerball is 1: 293 million. So before I hit the jackpot, I'll be hit by lightning almost 100 times before.

So let's talk about Trading.

According to many opinions in the Forex market, only 5% of all traders should trade successfully. If this number is correct this means: 95% of all traders are wrong. The chance that you yourself belong to the 95% is relatively larger than that counts to the 5% of good traders. But now to belong to the 5% in the future, there would be an easy way. If you want to trade the GBP / JPY now, you would have to hear the opinion of 100 traders on this currency pair. 90% say the price goes up and 10% say the price falls.

Theoretically, one would have to sell now, since here the probability is greater to win. It is only stupid if the 100 traders are among the 5% who trade successfully. But the likelihood seems very low in this case.

One thing I can say with certainty:

If I hear from the taxi driver buying a particular stock because it's going off really well, I have to go home quickly and sell that stock as fast as possible.

And maybe that's our big problem, we trust others more than ourselves. So it's time to build one's faith in oneself. I think if people listened more to their intuition, there would be a lot less loss. 10% of all people are really successful and who are we listening to? On the remaining 90%. How do you want to be successful with it.

Here at Forex Factory there are very successful traders. The chance to find them is 5%. The chance to win the main prize in Powerball is 0.0000000034%. The chance to find a successful trader here is 1,500,000,000 times more likely. That should motivate us.

Let's reckon. FF has 480,000 members. That would be 24,000 people who would successfully trade if everyone were active. Even if we subtract half, there are still 12,000 successful traders left. So we search and learn from these successful people. It can only help us.

In this sense

A successful day

best regards

--- 帖子 #387 ---
and I found one of these successful dealers and follow him

--- 帖子 #388 ---
Hello skipper,

that's great. To learn and to put his learned knowledge into practice is always like swimming against the tide. Anyone who swimming against the current needs more power than the one who lets himself be carried away by the current. Only dead fish swim with the stream. Do you follow the swarm or do you dare to determine the direction of your own style of trading? To swim against the current needs courage, but with every meter you get, you will gain strength and be proud of what you have already achieved. The fact is, we humans usually tend to adapt to society. We want to meet the expectations of our environment. Those who swim against the current are often suspiciously eyed. It is gossiped, doubted and everyone has, open or not, an opinion on it. Everyone seems to know what is good for others in life. You just have to dare to do it differently from the people around you. I am not going the path of least resistance, but the path that seems most precious to me, the most liveable.

In this sense

best regards

--- 帖子 #389 ---
Hello Bionik,

I have not decided to go against the tide and my results today prove me right, thanks to you.

I wish you a relaxing weekend and I look forward to the next week

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #390 ---
Hello Skipper13,

have a nice weekend, too

best regards

--- 帖子 #391 ---
Hello dear traders,

briefly again a summary of my forecast from 1 March and the fine forecast of this morning.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The prognosis was the orange lines. At the the point start we started. The first resistance line was well hit, the forecast for point 2 also ran smoothly. The setback to point 3 was not quite hit, but point 4.

You see, that's not 100%, but I got a good 3 out of 4 points.

That's why it's so important to always keep an eye on supply and demand.

Have a good weekend

best regards

--- 帖子 #392 ---
This result is very impressive, I wish them a peaceful weekend and thank you very much for their willingness to give Greenhorns like me the right feeling for trading.

94 pips profit in one day with your strategy is a big deal for me.

--- 帖子 #393 ---
Hello Skipper13,

It's not bad to be a student, a professor once told me: To be successful, you must remain an eternal student and learn, study and learn. Do you know what makes your success? You are ready to learn, to make your thoughts out of it and to enter the market with your own set rules. With that, you are not a greenhorn, but you are many years ahead of most traders. And I can assure you, it will get much better over time. With the system supply and demand you buy in the market when most sell and sell when most buy. But you stand on the side of the big players and that's the big difference.

best regards

--- 帖子 #394 ---
Hello Bionik,

I have drawn only the supply and demand lines in the M15

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #395 ---
Hello Skipper13,

that looks very good.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I also think that we could now go down more, the red zone shows a strong supply market. In the green zone is the demand, which still needs to be served.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I've made a sketch, but we could start with a bigger gap and I'd rather wait and see how the Asian market reacts on Sunday and Monday to Friday. On Monday morning I have to take a closer look, so this sketch with reserve.

I wish you a nice weekend

Additional contribution on 04.03.2018 11:00

The SPD has agreed to a grand coalition. The government will be start in March. If the grand coalition had failed, it would have made the dollar stronger and confirmed the downward trend. I am curious to see how this news will be received in Asia and the start will be in London on Monday morning.

Have a good weekend

--- 帖子 #396 ---
Concrete guidance of supply and demand

Dear Traders,

There are 3 different states in the market.
1. Offer outweighs the demand = price drops
2. Demand outweighs the offer = price rises
3. Offer and demand are balanced

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Your see that 5 M chart in EURUSD. In the last 6 hours, the price has risen and after fallen again. What will happen next? Where is the course going? Where will he change the trend direction? Where is the best way to get started? How can you make over 100 pip in the next 6 hours? How do I keep my risk as small as possible? How can I optimize my profits?

I would like to answer these questions in this post.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Let's start analyzing the chart. The first question is where does offer dominate demand and where does demand dominate offer?
Point 1: Equilibrium is created, the course falls short and then rises. From the second line, where the long bullish candle starts, demand dominates offer. That means there are more buyers than sellers in this area.

The course runs to point 2 and a larger equilibrium arises. In principle, this are two equilibrium. In the first lower circle you can see a balance, then the course increases. After that, a balance is created and the price rises more. The course runs to point 3. There is a balance again, then a small reset and a small move to the top. At point 4 there is again an equilibrium, which is difficult to recognize due to the time unit. Then the course falls to point 5. Again, an equilibrium is formed. The course continues to point 6. There we stand now. The question is, what's next?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

We have identified the most important equilibrium and now draw a line above and below the equilibrium. Here again we see in the overview where offer or demand dominates. The course has penetrated from above into our demand zone. That means here wait buyers to push up the price. We have marked two demand zones here. For me, the lower zone (upper line) would be the first choice, because from there the demand has started.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The price rises a little and falls right into the lower demand zone. The buyers jump up and bring the course up to the offer zone. This pushes the course down again, because not all sellers were satisfied. The price falls into the upper demand zone, the buyers absorb the sellers and the price rises. As soon as it comes back into the offer zone the price goes back again briefly, but now all sell orders are out of the market and the price can rise unhindered. There are two offer zones up there, the course is in the first zone. What is happening next?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The course is falling back. How far does he fall back? Until he comes to the zone where there are no sellers anymore. You remember that buyers in this zone had absorbed all sell orders. What will happen if you know that there are no sellers left in the zone?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Just right, the course has to rise. How far does the course go? Up to the zone where offer dominates demand. That's where the course is now. What happens when you know that this zone is a strong offer zone? The course must fall. How far will the course fall? Answer: Until he comes back into a strong demand zone. And where is our strongest demand zone?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Exactly right, where it all started. In between, the course has put down a small pullback again, just take a look at where the pullback took place. Critics will say: That's all coincidence. I say: this has to do with offer, demand and balance and that is no coincidence but these are the laws of the market.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I have drawn the zones once in rose for a better overview. Altogether that was 4 trades. There are 3 small lines. The red is the stop, the green the start order and the blue the take profit. You can work with limit orders or manual orders. I usually prefer the limit order because it gives me better market access.

The first trade brought in 26.6 pip at 4 pip risk = risk reward ratio 1: 7
The long trade brought 15.8 pip at 3 pip risk = risk reward ratio 1: 5
The third trade brought 21.5 pip at 5 pip risk = risk reward ratio 1: 4
The fourth trade brought 46.4 pip at 3 pip risk = risk reward ratio 1:15

As the fourth Tarde went down, it could be assumed that he would start another pullback in Zone 1. I would have let the trade go anyway. If a candle had formed over my zone 2, I would have dropped out. Altogether that would have been 110 pip with a risk of 15 pip. A risk reward ratio of 1: 7 in 6 hours.
The interesting thing is that I would have held the fourth trade even longer. Why?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The answer can be found in the overview in the 4 H chart. Just look at the zones according to the criteria mentioned above. From Zone 1, demand dominated offer. After that the course fell back and broke through this zone. He formed an equilibrium and from the point 2 dominated the offer again. Then the course came back up. From point 3 the demand dominated. Our zone was still fresh, which means the course has not yet arrived in our zone. In the big circle where the blue arrow is in the 5 minute chart is our last course. That's why I would have kept the course going. Although there was a stronger pullback later on the way down, however, this pullback came back exactly into our designated zone. You can take a closer look at it yourself. What do you think is going to happen to the course when it comes to the bottom zone at the right green arrow?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

It will rise because the demand zone is very strong. The course has risen sharply, then Friday was evening and closing time. On Sunday evening, a big gap of 180 pip. Where did the Gap go? Up to our Zone 5. Of course, nobody could have foreseen that. But you could have taken the pullback well to point 6.
By the way, look at point 2, and then at point 1 and point 0. What is noticeable? Equilibrium then high course, back through our zone 1 to point 3. Then new Equilibrium and further down. That means we could already guess where a strong offer zone prevails.

Is that still a coincidence? Maybe, but I use these coincidences regularly to live from it. How many indicators did we use here? How many messages have we heard in this time? Indicators and news are important, but more important are the price charts and your personally marked zones.

Start by the way, draw in these zones. Look at when demand dominates the offer and look for the Equilibrium. Look at when the offer dominates the demand and look for the Equilibrium. Then record these lines and observe how the course behaves there.
I'm sure you'll get on with it.

I wish you could use this information effectively for you.

I wish you a successful week.

Best regards

--- 帖子 #397 ---
Hello Bionik,

Thank you very much for your analysis, I am slowly starting to enjoy it and gain a completely different insight into the processes.

Klaus

--- 帖子 #398 ---
Hello Klaus,

I am very glad for two reasons. First, because as a beginner who has already tried a lot, you have now found a successful system. And second, because I was able to contribute a little. Helping other traders and helping themselves was the reason why I came to this forum. When I published my first article here at FF in January 2018, I quickly realized that practice and theory in forex is greater than many other things in everyday life.

If you trade for many years, most processes will expire automatically. You do not even think about why you are entering the trade now, you are acting intuitively based on your experience. FF added a very important factor for me. Doing something yourself that you do for many years is easy. But if you start to explain the other, it will be much more difficult. The supreme discipline: what you are good at, so explaining that someone else will succeed.

The big challenge lies in communication. There are different cultures, languages and, unfortunately, many vanities that prevent some people from succeeding. It is often about being better than the other.

Said does not mean that the other has understood it.

If the other person understands, that does not mean that he do it.

If the other do it, that does not mean that he do it continuously.

But only the continuous application leads to success. And that is exactly the challenge.

Earlier, when I started trading, I thought that I needed to find just the right indicator to succeed. So I went in search. Every time I installed a new indicator in the chart I was motivated and convinced. But after that time, I realized that it was not the right one and kept searching. That's how it went for many years.
Until I realized that I have not seen the forest for the trees. The best indicator is the pure price chart. The problem is that it is incredibly difficult and time-consuming to understand and interpret this pure price discourse. The stock market is not easy and you have to be aware, if you want to act successfully, that the effort to learn this profession is enormously high. Being a trader is one of the most demanding jobs in the world. And that's why one day it became clear to me that you can not just upload an indicator and the profits are already flowing.

The price charts are their own language such as C ++, Java or even mq4. To understand the languages you have to learn them. But only the regular application brings the success. This can be confirmed by successful programmers like Hanover, Nicholishen, MathTrader7, cja and many more.

Indicators help translate the price charts into a language that we traders understand more easily. Therefore, I also use indicators, but no standard indicators such as MACD, RSI or Stochasic.

Another challenge is long-term forecasting. When I predict the supply, demand and balance as a trader, this forecast is often changed by a new trend. Therefore, forecasts should be viewed with caution.

Your own prognosis should be your recipe for success in the long term. Therefore, we must be willing to learn more than others. My contributions here should not help to derive a trade, but to understand the principle of supply, demand and balance. If I get a tip from FF and handle it, maybe I'll win once. But maybe I do not understand why I won. The key is to understand why you lose and why you win. And that works only if I deal with the system correctly.

I wish a lot of success

best regards
Michael

--- 帖子 #399 ---
Hi Michael,

Thank you very much for your words. I can say that I can fully agree with them.

It has always been my desire to have a chart that is not overloaded with indicators and that clearly tells me how to trade. This indicator, jender indicator, I can confirm everything, has brought nothing.

But now, with their help, I see much clearer. I still have a lot to practice and learn, but it's fun.

I will still go to the Tradae too early, get out too late, take profits too early, and run losses too long. But I am sure that this will not take place to the same extent as before.

In the meantime, I see the chart in a different light and think about what I see. Previously, the indicator thought for me and most of the time wrong.

I'm sure I'll wonder why the course is going in the wrong direction right now, when all the parameters have been right, but then I can get to the bottom of things in the past and find the mistake.

I'm sure next week will be able to post one or the other chart with boarding.

With this in mind, I wish you a successful week.

Klaus

--- 帖子 #400 ---
Point landing without sight

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Dear Traders,

Flying with a plane is 100 times safer than driving and even 3,000 times safer than riding a motorcycle. According to the US Federal Aviation Administration (FAA), the chance of surviving a plane crash is 90 percent. The most dangerous phases of a flight are 20% at take-off, 30% during flight and 50% at landing.

A trade has a similar structure: 1. Start of the trade, 2. Trade in progress and 3. Landing of the trade.

If we assume that when starting a trade you have a 50% chance that you are right, you can do relatively little wrong here. If the trade is running, the error rate is also lower. The challenge is closing the trade. Here decides the amount of the profit or the loss.

The challenge we all have is that nobody knows where the course is going. We can guess, maybe improve the odds in our favor, but we don´t know.
Trading in principle is like flying without sight. But despite fog, blizzard darkness and poor visibility, the pilots make the almost impossible and land the A380 with 500 tons safely on the runway.

But how is that possible? Instrument landing system, ILS is the magic word that helps pilots land. Two beacons that set the course and altitude for landing are processed by a special ILS receiver and displayed in the cockpit. This allows pilots to determine during landing that they are on the right track and correct possible deviations immediately.

Such an ILS system is also available for trading. It is the price chart and our indicators that we use to act.
Any experienced trader swears by his system, and as long as he makes more profit than loss, he's right. Since there are many traders, there are also many different systems that are more or less successful. What is good for the one trader does not have to be good for the other.

A daytrader goes short and a scalper goes long, both can be right. Both had a profit, although at the same time they acted in different directions.
The secret of being successful is finding and implementing the right system for your personality. That's why it's important to find out what kind of trader you are. Then it's about the system and then about money management. All this must be coordinated to be successful in the long term.

I've tried different systems over many years, and I've come to the conclusion that supply, demand and balance are the factors that best support my style of action and produce more profit than loss. It does not necessarily mean that my system is the best in the world. It just means that for me it is the best in the world. And that means nothing else than that I have found my system for me. But that took a few years. In retrospect, every trader wishes that he could have discovered his system today earlier. But that's always a matter of time. If you spend more than a year on the stock exchange, the odds of being successful are very high. Unfortunately, there is no guarantee for that.

So first, look at what type of trader you are, then find your matching system and organize your money management. After that you are light years ahead of the others. If you are not as successful as you wish, there is a nice sentence:

Every day you have the chance to start over.

I wish you success on this journey

Best regards

--- 帖子 #401 ---
Hello Klaus,

you've got it straight to the point. I would like to elaborate on that.

1. Indicators

The more overloaded the chart is with indicators, the less one has a view of the essentials, namely the price chart. The standard indicators do not bring anything. Very good, however, are the auxiliary indicators I have named, which are developed here by FF of very capable programmers.

2. Trade management

I'm too early in the trade at the beginning too, taking profits too fast and letting losses run too long. The beauty of supply, demand and balance is that you can choose the trades by chance risk ratio yourself. My stops are between 4 and 7 pip. If the zone drawn by me is too big I go in manually. Small tip: Find a zone out where you can assume that the course runs longer up or down. Then open the trade and just let it run. Pull the stop after a certain time on zero, then you can not lose anything. Based on your zones you know what's going on. And in the worst case, you're back at 0. In the best case, you have more than planned.

3. Course runs

If the course is different than your marked zones, you have a definite advantage. You can analyze things in the past price history and draw your new insights. An error analysis is very effective and easy to understand. You will see the biggest mistakes you make on the basis of candle making. Sometimes it is difficult to identify an equilibrium between two candles of the same color. That's why I work with a 20 sec chart. The advantage: In case of high volatility, I see exactly what happens and in slow phases, I recognize the trend faster. With the standard indicators, I could not perform such an error analysis.

All the best for the future.

best regards

--- 帖子 #402 ---
Hi Michael,

Unfortunately I have the 1M on my MT4 as the smallest TF.

--- 帖子 #403 ---
20 seconds chart

Hello Skipper13,

I can help you there. Salient, a member of FF and capable programmer, has programmed an indicator in 2010, which you can use to represent some time units. Unfortunately, Salient was online for the last time in 2011, so I like to post the indicator to you. My recommendation would be a 20 second shot, as you still get reasonably good candles in the area. It is also recommended to install the Momentum Candle Indicator with the setting 1/1. Whether all the indicators in my chart picture can help you I can not say. If you need them, you can find them in my blog

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The program is already older but works very well. However, I have a separate screen for it. The chart is running offline. Of course, when you close the screen, data will no longer be processed. As soon as you open the screen, the course continues. The 20 second chart helps me to keep track of very volatile phases and to detect a possible trend in weak phases. Supply and demand zones you recognize it faster and can get more detailed entries. It is not suitable for a subsequent analysis of supply or demand zones. Look at him, then you know if he will help you.

The description is already older, but you have to get it done.

I wish you success

Michael

Attached File(s)   FlexiChart.pdf

446 KB
|
753 downloads
Attached File(s)   FlexiChart_2.0.ex4

17 KB
|
644 downloads
Attached File(s)   IO_Utils.ex4

6 KB
|
625 downloads
Attached File(s)   OffLine.ex4

12 KB
|
633 downloads

--- 帖子 #404 ---
Hallo Michael,

thank you very much i will try it

--- 帖子 #405 ---
Hello Klaus,

Alright, tell me if you can not handle it, then I like to help.

I wish you success

--- 帖子 #406 ---
Offer and demand zone EURUSD

Dear Traders,

before analyzing and plotting the offer and demand zones in smaller time units, one has to deal with long-term offer and demand zones.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here is a chart from 1971 to today. I once outlined the offer zones and demand zones by means of lines. At point 1 and 2 you can see that after the end of the offer market there is a strong demand. Since November 2016, we are in a strong demand zone, (point 3), which means that demand dominates offer.
The demand from point 1 dominated 6,800 Pip, the demand from point 2 dominated 5,200 Pip. Accordingly, it would be assumed that demand from point 3 would have to dominate at least 3,600 pips until there is again a offer market. So far, the demand from point 3 has dominated over 2,300 pip. This means that there are still 1.300 pip pending until a offer market could reign. This means that the price could run to 1.395 before offer again dominates demand. Of course, as always, this is pure speculation.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Let's take a look at the second annual candle at point 1 and 2 after demand dominated offer. What is striking? Now the candles were very strong bullish, there was no big break down. This is shown by the lower wick. Although there was a small pullback, but then the bulls could convince strong. We now have a similar situation in the second annual candle after which demand dominated offer. After the SPD on Sunday has agreed to a coalition with the CDU, it was clear that Germany will be back in March to 100% government. That inspired the bulls as you can see in the 4H chart.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

One sees in the 4 H chart a very strong zone where offer dominates demand. The positive news that Germany will soon be able to govern under Angela Merkel means that things will continue to be similar to those in the past. That gave the Euro a little extra boost. Of course, there are several factors involved, but we do not want to complicate matters.

There are now only two options, the bulls prevail and the euro will continue on its way up. Or we can see the 1.179.
If that happens, the lower wick will extend down the annual candle. This, in turn, may be an indication that offer could dominate demand at the end of the year and the price makes a larger pullback.

If the grand coalition had not materialized, one would certainly have expected a downtrend directly. Let's take a look at how long this positive view lasts before the course turns south again.

I wish you a nice evening.
best regards

--- 帖子 #407 ---
Bionics, I set time to 20min and still shows 1 min chart...same is for 20 seconds. what did I do wrong?

--- 帖子 #408 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #409 ---
Hello Trader Waldo,

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Everything you need to do is on your screen. Open the offline chart in the Metatrader and click on M75. Then a new chart opens. You can work with this chart. You can put the other chart in the background, but keep it open for it to work.

best regards

--- 帖子 #410 ---
Hello Techanalyst,

Your assessment was absolutely correct. Yesterday I once looked for the opinion on the EURUSD for fun between 06:00 to 11:00 CET in various forums. More than 80% thought it was going down. That's very interesting. However, I was also of this opinion until Sunday morning, to which I wrote:

The SPD has agreed to a grand coalition. The government will be start in March. If the grand coalition had failed, it would have made the dollar stronger and confirmed the downward trend. I am curious to see how this news will be received in Asia and the start will be in London on Monday morning.

On Sunday I had also set on a gap for the opening.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

He came too, but i expecting a bigger one. The last major gap after a weekend was on 05.02.2018.

Here again shows that you have to stay on the ball to be successful in the long term.

I wish you a successful week

Michael

--- 帖子 #411 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #412 ---
Hello Klaus,

I'm glad that if you think back to last year, such a trade would not have occurred to you. You are slowly getting a sense of offer, demand and balance.

Keep it up.

best regards

--- 帖子 #413 ---
Thank you. I missed somehow about offline chart.

--- 帖子 #414 ---
Cost Average Effect

In the case of the cost-averaging effect, an investor buys more shares for a constant amount while falling prices and less shares when prices rise.

With a longer-term fund savings plan, the investor thus achieves a better average price for his fund units than with a single purchase. Even the regular investment in fixed shares can be a disadvantage. The effect of the cost-averaging effect is greater the longer the fund savings plan runs and the more volatile the price of the funds invested in.

Let's make a simple example:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Investor A loves tomatoes and therefore buys 1lb of tomatoes every quarter. In the spring the lb = 1 $, in the summer a offer market lb = 0.5 $, in the autumn the lb = 1 $ and in the winter a demand market lb = 2 $. Investor A pays for 4lb tomatoes = $ 4.5.

Investor B also loves tomatoes but always buys for a fixed amount of $ 1. Investor B pays only $ 4 for 4.5lb.

Investor A has paid a price of 1.125 / lb
Investor B has paid a price of 0.889 / lb

Advantage over 20%

Let's take a look at this in the area of investment funds: (costs were not taken into account)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Investor A always buys 2 fund shares over one year. The fund shares are worth $ 2,400 after one year. He paid $ 1,500 for this.

Investor B always buys shares for $ 100 12 times a year. The fund shares are worth $ 2,400 after one year. He paid $ 1,200 for it.

Investor A has paid a price of $ 62.5 / unit

Investor B has paid a price of $ 50 / Unit

Advantage over 20%

This clearly shows that for a fixed, even contribution, you have a clear advantage over investing in fixed shares of a stock or fund.

Conclusion: Never get into a fund with all your money. Prices change, over a longer period of time you can achieve better purchase prices through the cost-averaging effect. Timing is always a bit of a hit and miss - with Cost Average you get this component under control as well. In the case of a constantly rising share price performance, you perform a little worse than the actual price increase.

Once you realize the implications of Compound Interest, Loss and Cost Average, all you have to do is look for the right strategy to get started.

A lovely evening

--- 帖子 #415 ---
Bionics, are we allowed to post other currencies or just EURUSD on in your group forum?

--- 帖子 #416 ---
Hello Trader Waldo,

no problem, I hope that I could help.

best regards

--- 帖子 #417 ---
Daily sales: $ 5.1 billion

Hello Techanalyst,

Basically, there are no restrictions on the currency pairs in the blog, but I would like to make a comment on this.

International currency trading is currently averaging $ 5.1 trillion per day. Foreign exchange is now regarded as a separate asset class, as the market has grown enormously in recent years. He is distinguished between:

Majors: currency pairs that are traded the most

Minors: currency pairs that have a lower trading volume; usually without US dollars

Exotics: rarely traded currency pairs; often consisting of a major currency and a currency from an emerging or developing country.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

These 6 first currency pairs make up about 2/3 of the total revenue. The EURUSD ranks first with 23-25%, almost the same amount of revenue as the remaining currency pairs combined. That's why I posted a lot in the EURUSD.

The currency pairs that are the most traded are interesting because there is a certain uniformity in volatility. Take an exotic currency pair as an example. Often there is little movement and suddenly the course jumps up or down by 60 pip.

I always recommend concentration on the essentials. The first 10 major currency pairs account for 75% of sales. I think that should be interesting.

If you trade a currency pair, you have to be aware of the respective market economy and its consequences.

In addition one should pay attention to correlations of the traded currency pairs. If you have a long position in EUR / USD, and you also open a long position in GBP / USD, you increase your potential risk as the EUR / USD and GBP / USD tend to go in a similar direction.

All this is a big challenge.

I hope I could help a little bit

I wish you a successful trading day

best regards

--- 帖子 #418 ---
Are they all crazy?

Hello dear traders,

3 crazy days are over and now it's time for a quick review.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

After the high of 1,255 on the 16th, offer dominated demand. The course went down on the same day and in the evening around 18 o'clock formed an equilibrium. This is not visible in the 4 H chart. (Point 4) Thereafter, the offer continued to dominate and the course ran to 1,225. There formed a large Equilibrium over a week with a range and the course finally ran to 1.215. Then demand dominated the offer. The course went up again until he came into the range. Here, many traders thought it was going down again, but the price continued to rise.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

When the price hit the resistance line 4, offer dominated demand again and the price went down a bit. He recovered relatively quickly and changed his direction. Then came the 08.03.18.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The price has been in the offer market since he touched the line of resistance. The 08.03. was a great equilibrium in the Asian market and characterized by uncertainty. With the London Open suddenly dominated the offer again and the course continued to fall. Many had hoped that it goes further down. It went also whole 40 Pip. (Point 1 to Point 2) There was a small pullback and I thought that was interesting because it was relatively strong for a pullback. Then it went down. The big players have seen that since the London Open on 08.Marz the course continues to fall. (Point 1 to Point 2) If you know that now is the time for falling courses, what would you like? Answer: Best pressed already at point 4 on Sell. If that is not possible, what to do. Simply push the prices up, then sell everything.

The course was pushed up to the star. Many traders who were pulled up have sold at the star. Then you see another strong bullish candle and then came an equilibrium. Here most of them already thought that it would fall again. It went on 400 pip upwards. Then the whole strength of the big players came to the fore. From 14:30 CET to 18:30 CET, the price dropped a good 140 pip. Then came the resistance line and there was an equilibrium.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Maybe time for a little pullback before heading south again. As is so often the case, the ECB meeting had no impact on the Big Player project. That's why it's important to think like the big players. That could prevent many wrong decisions. A little advice: If you have drawn your resistance lines and want to open a trade, do not look for what other traders think. 95% of traders are wrong. If you look at the opinions of others, you should do exactly the opposite. But you do not know at the moment if the trader maybe belongs to the 5%. Therefore, once you have made your decision, do not let it confuse you. You are right as long as the course teaches you a better one.

In this sense

Best regards

--- 帖子 #419 ---
I thought Draghi would have been the rage for this outburst, because he was almost at this time when the interest rate level was announced?

--- 帖子 #420 ---
Hello Klaus,

you're right, that was probably something wrong to understand. I had not written that the ECB had no influence on the courses, I had written that, as so often, they had no influence on the Big Player's plan. You have given me but a nice topic as an idea. I will gladly implement that on the weekend.

A successful day and a lot of success.

best regards

--- 帖子 #421 ---
Overview in the 4 H chart

Hello dear traders,

I once created an overview in the 4 H chart.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

At 1.2 and 3, demand dominated supply, at 4.5 and 6 offer dominated demand. As of point 1, the demand was so great that the price went up without any major problems. After a pullback, the price went up to point 4. Then the offer dominated the course ran back into the demand zone. The blue arrow shows how strongly the price reacted when he came to the demand zone. The course broke through the demand zone but was then slowed down. From point A the course went up again, but was pushed back into our demand zone 2. From point 2, the price went up a bit more than the first time. At the top he was strongly rejected and at point 5 a small equilibrium formed. From there, the course ran up to point B. Again, you can see the strength of the bear, as the price came back into the demand zone. From point B, the price was sharply turned up to point 3. From our demand zone, we went to point 6. There, the price was strongly rejected and pushed back into the demand zone.

Now the big question is what happened next?

So far, the price has once strongly broken through the offer zone (from point 1 to top), but three times the demand zone (from point 4 and 5 down).

It looks like there's a little pullback up now. If, after the pullback, the price breaks through this demand zone again and accepts it from below as resistance, this would be an indication for me that it goes much further down. If, on the other hand, the upper offer zone is severely breached and this zone is accepted as a resistance from above, the bulls can continue to demonstrate their strength.

My basic opinion for this year is bullish, as I have already described in detail in earlier articles. The possibility to go further down is very big. Unfortunately, no one can foresee, otherwise we would all be a big step further.

So we only have the opportunity in the smaller time units to observe the course of the price on the basis of demand and offer while keeping in mind the larger time units.

I wish you much success today.

best regards

--- 帖子 #422 ---
Hello Bionik

thank you very much for your excellent analysis and the drawing, it will help me in my learning phase

--- 帖子 #423 ---
Hello Klaus,

Thank you for the compliment, you know: learning is like rowing against the tide, as soon as you stop rowing you fall back. And we all have a lot to learn here. There is still a nice sentence that I have read:

The difference between theory and practice is always greater in practice than in theory. You notice that the first time you change from the demo account to a real money account and instead of 0.5 contracts you are dealing with 5 contracts.

I wish you much success today

best regards

--- 帖子 #424 ---
Hello Michael,

In what timeframe can we expect the course to accept resistance or support?

--- 帖子 #425 ---
Hello Klaus,

The course accepts resistance and support in every unit of time. The key is to pinpoint these resistances and supports. Due to the different candle formations at different brokers I am unable to give a specific recommendation. I like to work with the Day and 4 H Chart to identify the long-term offer market or the demand market. In the medium term with the 1H chart. In the short term, preferably with the 15 min chart. Naturally, the smaller timeframes work as well. You have to find that out for yourself. You can put all timeframes next to each other in the Metatrader and then you start to identify the supply market and demand market in each timeframe. Then you draw your zones. Then just let the course run and you'll see what time units you can handle best.

best regards

Michael

--- 帖子 #426 ---
Thank you, Michael, that brings me a bit further.

I wish you a nice weekend.

Klaus

--- 帖子 #427 ---
Hello Klaus,
perfectly, sketch your lines for the next few days and predict a possible course, which precedes a small step. I wish you a successful beginning of the week.
best regards

--- 帖子 #428 ---
Big Equilibrium in the 4 H Chart?

Dear Traders,

If we look at the 4H chart since mid-January 2018, you can see very nicely that we are in a sideways market. This means that the traders are not sure for 2 months where the journey is going next. I once sketched 3 lines. Within this range is currently running the course. You can also see that beautifully in the monthly chart.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In addition, once I highlighted the strongest momentum from 28 pip color. As soon as the course was outside our 3 lines, he was forced back into the zone. With the point 1 and 2 one sees with which strength this happened.

The sideways range would end for me if there is strong bullish momentum on the top line and pullback takes the top line as resistance or strong bearish momentum on the bottom line and pullback takes the bottom line as resistance. Until then, we are in a kind of uncertain zone that makes trading a little more difficult than we would like. In sideways markets it is very difficult to make long-term statements anyway.

Now you might think that the course could go north again, but I would be careful. The middle line could well push the course down again.

It remains exciting where the course goes next but also boring, as long as he moves in this sideways range. That does not mean that we can not do trades, we should only think about these trades very well.

best regards

--- 帖子 #429 ---
Hi Michael,

Thank you very much for the very good analysis. I have already seen that the course does not know which direction to go and I am very careful.

Klaus

--- 帖子 #430 ---
two attempts to pass above equilibrium: 02-19 and 03-07 failed...so it's going down , just need time.

on way up in months 10,11 and 12 2017 were with low volume as it is this month so far suggesting exhaustion of buyers...

--- 帖子 #431 ---
Hello Klaus,

In some situations it is better to watch from the sidelines how the others lose. Although you can not win anything at the moment, you also learn very well from the mistakes of others without losing anything.

best regards

--- 帖子 #432 ---
Hello Trader Waldo,

you can be right, I also had an estimate up to a maximum of 1.179, but this can sometimes change quickly due to special market situations. If a course has failed twice on a resistance line, it can still succeed in the third or fourth attempt. Unfortunately, I can not say anything about volume trading, because I do not pay attention to it and therefore do not know it.

I wish you much success today

best regards

--- 帖子 #433 ---
Are women the better traders?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In recent years there have been some articles comparing female traders with male traders. It turned out that women achieved higher returns than their male competitors. There were also several studies that clearly proved this. To begin with, the differences do not seem to be as strong as the press published a few years ago. Nevertheless, there were differences and we will deal with them today.

Basically it should be mentioned that here the exception confirms the rule. There are many women and men who act in the same way in the trade, as determined in the studies. These should not now question the basis of the article. Men in the study were more willing to take risks than women, which meant that men spent more time trades, took more risks, kept fewer rules, and paid significantly more. Women traded with less risk and sold fewer trades. That led to a clear advantage for the women.

Less risk and less trading means fewer fees. But that women are basically the better traders is a myth.

By the way, seniors in the study did as well as the women, showing that the older men get smarter. I believe that both women and men have their strengths in stock market trading, it is about combining these strengths to achieve an advantage for both sexes. Men are more reckless than women, which means men overestimate their skills and underestimate the risk. Women underestimate their skills and overestimate the risk. Both properties can thus be an advantage as well as a disadvantage.

Women tend to retire after periods of loss, while men want to show it to the market faster with revenge trades to get their lost money back.

In normal stock market phases, the woman's strategy is clearly in the advantage. Less trades, less risk and less fees. In strong stock market phases, the strategy of the men is clearly in the advantage.

It is therefore about the respective different strategy of the sexes at the right time to use. In sideways phases, rather a little more restrained and act in the trend phases really accelerate. With markets moving sideways 70% of the time, you have to adapt to the situation.

First tip: In order to analyze the market and to assess the direction of the trend correctly, one should always ask oneself whether the supply currently dominates the demand or the demand dominates the supply.

Second tip: focus on the essentials. Focus on the main currency pairs and become a professional. If you trade too many currency pairs, you can quickly get bogged down.

Third tip: If there is no or very high volatility, they just stay outside. You do not always have to act.

Fourth tip: Listen to your partner from time to time, no matter if male or female.

Conclusion: It does not matter if you are a woman or a man, if you internalize the good qualities of the other sex, it can lead to a very profitable profit situation.

best regards

--- 帖子 #434 ---
Hello Michael, a very interesting article, thanks.

--- 帖子 #435 ---
[quote=skipper13;10863188]Hello Michael, a very interesting article, thanks.[/

Hello Klaus,

Thanks, I hope you learn these important traits of the female traders over time. They are an important foundation for success.

Beautiful evening

--- 帖子 #436 ---
Changing the view sometimes changes the perspective

Dear Traders,

"The water of a river does not think about how it flows, it follows the riverbed! In order to change the flow of water, the river bed must first change.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

If we look at a chart image from the beginning of 2018 in the 2H chart, we'll see it all mixed up, even though I've just inserted a ZigZag and the candles with strong momentum.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

We divide the bulls and the bears once, although there is still a bit of chaos. But the overview is already better.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here we only see the candles with strong momentum. The overview is more interesting.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The pure Zigzag divided.

This is just one example to change the overview. You can try this with all indicators in all time units even to find out if this view helps you. Sometimes you can not see the forest for the trees. Focus on the essentials. So, just divide the bulls and the bears and look at the chart. Sometimes, completely new perspectives open up.

I wish you a nice evening

best regards

--- 帖子 #437 ---
How daily our senses are confused

Dear Traders,

we have plotted all our lines, supports, resistance, Fibonacci or other aids and located a possible entryway. Now we look at the chart image and watch the current candle. Already here we commit the first mistake. The movement of the candles is often in inverse proportion to the actual later course.

This is often because a down-going candle is stopped by the bullish buyers in their downward movement and then finally pushed upwards. The question is: is it a pullback or a trend reversal?

If it's a pullback, how far is it going? When does a pullback turn into a trend? In principle, we have a 50% chance of being right. With the right money management, this opportunity will be enough, unless we realize our profits too early and rise too late in loss phases. Our course now comes to a specific point that we have previously set. Now we are watching the price trend. And that's exactly where most mistakes happen. It is quite clear that a pullback arises because suddenly there are sellers in a buyer's market or suddenly there are buyers in a sellers' market. The appearance of these opposite buyers or sellers is always different and can not be generalized.

And that's exactly where our senses deceive us. The reason for this lies in our belief in where the course should go next. If the movement of the candle supports our conviction we go into the trade. That goes awry in most cases. In the case of professionals, this case occurs less often because you have a lot of experience and have seen this process a few hundred times. By this we realize, it is not enough to see a chart image, it is much more important to see how it is created. Therefore, especially beginners should deal with the strategy tester at the weekend, because there you can watch the running candles well to learn.

Now let's look at a classic example:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The track has gone up with strong momentum, has made a short pullback and is still on the upside. Now everyone will say you should not buy on top. Where is in the chart above and where is below? Which price is expensive which price is cheap?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

3 times the course has tried to get through the upper zone, three times he has failed. The question is he trying a fourth time or is he failing?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The price has gone down. Where is the journey going next? The momentum down is stronger.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The course has broken the upper resistance. That would be a good reason that the price could go up further?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The question is only when and if he ever goes further up.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

A weak share price, rather a big equilibrium in the 4 H chart. He seems to come to a resistance, so maybe down.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Well convincing does not look that way.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Maybe further up

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The pullback is over, now the resistance line would have to be broken upwards.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Well did not work out, maybe I should give the bear a chance now. Unfortunately, this trade would have gone awry.

Worse is the whole thing if you still watching the running candles. Therefore, try to hide the current candle before entering the trade. Whether you generate better entrances you will see if you try it. Maybe then your senses will not be so confused and you will have more success. Effectively you can judge only after a detailed documentation.

When trading applies the motto: Who has made a mistake and not corrected, commits a second.

Of course, my tip could bring you no value, but it could also bring a small breakthrough. No matter how it ends, whoever stops improving has stopped being good.

I wish you a lot of success,

best regards

--- 帖子 #438 ---
Hi Michael,

I have to worry about her last article and read it several times, THANKS

--- 帖子 #439 ---
Hello skipper,

I am very sorry, I am a bit stressed because I have the craftsmen in the house and my trading center is completely changed and rebuilt. Unfortunately I can not translate the blog as it should be. If you have any questions, I'm happy to help.

best regards

--- 帖子 #440 ---
Are we going to see new trading center in pictures?

--- 帖子 #441 ---
Hello Trader Waldo,

We finished today, I'll post some pictures tomorrow.

best regards

--- 帖子 #442 ---
Hello Trader Waldo,

as desired some pictures of my new trading unit. It took at least 2 days to rebuild everything. The centerpiece is now a 55 inch monitor positioned in the middle of my workstation. Ultra HD resolution: 3840 x 2160 pixels.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The advantage is that you can display 4 screen views on the large monitor. Thus, it is possible to display a total of up to 11 large screens.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I am very enthusiastic about the individual presentation. Especially in the smaller time units can thus easily represent larger periods. That gives a fantastic overview.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The system is powered by two fast i7 processors, so that the performance of the computer is not affected, 6 external high-resolution graphics cards were installed. Two different wireless networks provide both computers with wireless internet via cables. All screens can be tilted on all sides and therefore suitably adjusted.

The next few days I first have to tune the screens individually. I thought first that one would have to sit far away with a 55 inch monitor, but due to the Ultra HD resolution this is not the case. , Whether this brings me a big advantage, I can not say exactly. However, the overview is a dream.

I wish you a nice weekend break.

best regards

--- 帖子 #443 ---
[quote=Trader-Waldo;10879477]

Hello Trader Waldo,

I do that full-time and you should feel good at work. I wish you a successful day.

best regards

--- 帖子 #444 ---
it is going toward #2
https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...0#post10862540

not sure how far will go today....

--- 帖子 #445 ---
Hello Trader Waldo,

the price could go through my bottom line, then pull back and accept that line as resistance. Then that would be an indication for me that it could go much further down. But there are still some obstacles on the way down. It would be important to see a strong momentum below the line. Today is Friday, because in the evening everything is possible.

best regards

--- 帖子 #446 ---
Bionics,

I do not know how price will react once it touch green candle...but I believe it will go to the bottom of that green candle and beyond something like 1.20 or so..it is not predicting, just considering possibilities...in meanwhile many things can happen  to postpone  down trip or make U turn  up...

take care

--- 帖子 #447 ---
Hi Michael,

a great job, many dream about it.

I wish you a nice weekend and a lot of fun in Eintichten.

Klaus

--- 帖子 #448 ---
Hi Klaus,

Thanks for the nice words, I wrote an interesting article on the weekend and I'll finish tomorrow morning. This clearly shows the great advantage of Equilibrium. I wish you a nice weekend, see you tomorrow.

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #449 ---
The same time, different candles

Dear Traders,

Today I would like to show you once the big differences in the candle formation in the 4 H chart. The following example shows the candle construction at IG Markets, Forex Factory, as well as Activtrades MT4.1 and Activtrades MT4.2 (data update via MetaQuotes).

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In advance, all providers show from their side a correct candle image. Nevertheless, there are serious differences. Take a look at the course within the blue squares. Now the confusion is great. Of course it would be optimal if all traders could see the same candles, but this is impossible due to the different brokers and different course positions. This means that the candle formation is different for many traders.

Here is already the first evidence that candle formations can not work in my eyes. Now imagine some indicators that each trader has built into his chart.

If you squeeze your eyes and look at the four chart images, the picture is about right. Nevertheless, it makes a big difference when you pay attention to the candles to make a trade.

The smaller the time units become, the smaller the difference, but there are clear differences here as well. The big problem is that my chart picture suggests to me a truth that is not really a truth. Basically, it is known that the price position in the futures market deviates significantly from the prices of the CFD market. But that should not be a reason to say goodbye to the CFD market. One solution would be to deal with the futures market in the long term. However, you should bring at least $ 25,000 capital for this. This is hard for many part-time traders.

If many traders see different candle formations on their screen, one should ask themselves if resistance lines, support lines and indicators work as expected. Especially with chart analysis, I see a certain challenge there. In principle, the course position is correct for all four chart patterns shown, the display varies only slightly.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Let's take a look at the charts in which we can see a clear equilibrium. In picture 1-3 we can clearly define the equilibrium, in picture 4 it will be a bit more difficult but still possible.

Solution:

Always assume that your chart image is not 100% true. Look for the Equilibrium, no matter what the chart looks like, so I think you have the best chance of finding a trend reversal.

I wish you a nice and successful day.

best regards

--- 帖子 #450 ---
Hello dear traders,

released on March 12, my resistance levels have held up well. We're back at a crucial point. Now decides where the course will run longer term.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

1st Possibility: The price is now pushed up strongly and accepts the point 1 as a resistance in the pullback. Then I see a strong urge to go up to 1.27 / 1.28.

2nd Possibility: The price is now pushed down strongly and accepts the point 2 as a resistance in the pullback. Then I see a strong urge down to 1.19 / 1.179.

However, I still believe in a course down, but I can also be wrong. This week could be a crucial point for the next few months.

I wish you every success and keep your eyes open for the Equilibrium.

best regards

--- 帖子 #451 ---
Exercise on Equilibrium

Hello dear traders,

Identifying the Equilibrium is not difficult, but finding the right Equilibrium is a challenge. It's handy if you sometimes get some lines from me, but then you can not understand why I have drawn these lines. The goal should be to find and draw these important resistance lines yourself. Practice makes perfect, with this motto I would like to motivate you to take part in an exercise today. You can do the exercise in advance at any time. The learning success is huge, you will experience it.

Open a new chart in the 1 hours time unit and reduce this chart until you see the 1 hour candles from the beginning of the year 2018 until today. The color of the complete candles should be DimGrey. Upload the Indicator Momentum Candles and set the following values: candle pipvalue: 13, hilow pipvalue: 13, color: red and lime, width: 2 You can upload the indicator at the end of my article.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Your chart should now look like this, of course without the resistance lines shown. You do not need the numbers at the end of the candles.
Now look at where a trend reversal takes place and then draw a red bar to the left. Now you have to analyze where the equilibrium is, which is responsible for the trend reversal. This is not always easy in the 4H chart, but start with this exercise.

The blue arrows I have drawn indicate that the Equilibrium come from the past (2014 and 2012). You do not have to pay attention to them first.
Once you've plotted all the trend turns, you can go look for them in 2014 and 2012 to find the equilibrium that was responsible for reversing the trend by the end of January 2018. (Where I drew the blue arrows) Then go back to the year 2018 and look at your drawn resistance lines in the 30M chart, 15M chart or 5M chart. Now you can set your resistance lines more precisely.

That's why I get off to a good start with a 4-7 pip stop. If I make an equilibrium where my stop would be greater than 10, I may wait until the trend reversal is completed and then looking for a way to get started. When you work with the Equilibrium, you can practically pick the best and most profitable trades with the lowest risk. But sometimes that means waiting. But there is also the possibility to observe all major currency pairs and only enter when it is worthwhile.

Start with your training, you will see that you are getting better and better at understanding how the market works. The principle of supply and demand always works the same. You need some time for that, but it's worth it. After a while, you will trade up when everyone thinks it is going down. And the market will prove you right.

I train this every day in all currency pairs. Of course, I do not meet all of Equilibrium because of the different types of candles that different brokers make. For this I wrote a post yesterday. But the hit rate is enormous and very efficient.

I wish you a lot of fun in the training and then a lot of success in the Pip gather.

best regards

Attached File(s)   Momentum Candles v1.01.ex4

9 KB
|
678 downloads

--- 帖子 #452 ---
Good morning Bionics.

Not sure if I get this concept really correctly.

I see basicly a range, with a hard bottom..

Guido

--- 帖子 #453 ---
Hello Guido,

In the 1M chart, the resistance levels are not as accurate as the price is too jumpy. I recommend to go into the higher time units.

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #454 ---
Bionics, thank you for your time dedicated to educate those interested in learning to recognize equilibrium on chart. To be more readable, could you zoom in a little bit more chart please? what are those numbers on chart? Thank you.

--- 帖子 #455 ---
Danke Michael.

--- 帖子 #456 ---
Hello Guido,

You are welcome. If you have some time, please read my blog from scratch. It describes exactly how the Equilibrium is identified. Of course, there are also other very interesting topics that could bring you some valuable tips.

I wish you a very successful day

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #457 ---
Whaoo I love your setup Sir pls how much does those cost thanks

--- 帖子 #458 ---
Hello dear traders,

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

as already assumed yesterday, the price has gone further down. We went over a crucial resistance line today. Now the price should go down and accept the broken line as a resistance line in pullback. That could drive the course further down. The course could also fall directly but we still have a strong demand market in the 1.216 to 1.22 range, where demand dominates supply. Then the way is free down. In the area 1.213 / 1.204 and 1.195 there is then again a demand market. The 1.207 area could give a stronger pullback upwards. Let's wait and see what happens.

I wish you a nice evening.

best regards

--- 帖子 #459 ---
Hello Phyno,

thanks for the nice compliment. The question is not easy to answer, because it depends in particular on the technique that one uses. With the proven Apple technology Mac Pro 8 Core, the price goes up significantly. The Ultra HD screens cost a lot of money. As a beginner, I would first refrain from very high-quality technology, because you will not become a better trader. As an example, take a table tennis world champion, who will play better table tennis with a CD case than we all together with a very good table tennis racket. Many years ago I also started with a laptop and two screens. That's enough to start trading. If you have earned money trading, you can invest. That's the smart way.

I wish you a successful day tomorrow.

best regards

--- 帖子 #460 ---
You only learn about pain or insight

Hello dear traders,

Trading is a business, you win or you lose. The fundamental question is, how do you make it that the profits are higher than the losses? There is no unit type and no recipe for success.

To be successful in the trading business, I have to know myself 100%. Now you will laugh and think that you know yourself best, because after all, you experience yourself every day. Unfortunately, we are mistaken in this assumption. How often are we alerted by others to our bad habits that we no longer notice.

How should we correct mistakes in the trading business that we may not even notice? Solution: We simply copy the successful traders. But if two do the same, it is far from the same. Successful people differ from less successful people by the match of personality structure and behavior. Less successful people imitate other people and do things that are different from their nature and personality. So it's important to know your personal traits and act accordingly!

The solution is found in our brains. From the brain comes our pleasure, joy, pain and suffering. Through the brain we think, see and hear. Nature has equipped humans with 3 different brains.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The reptilian brain is the first and oldest brain. It is the brain of the past, memory of the experiences of billions of years of life, the seat of primal instincts, desires and life programs, self-preservation and preservation of the species.

The dinosaurs were herbivores and multiplied numerous. Suddenly there were carnivores, their own life was threatened. Time for another brain that could quickly decide between attack or flight.

The limbic brain is the second brain of the present, the lightning-fast response to the moment, the brain of emotions between fear and aggression, self-assertion to the environment.

Thought processes and the logical connection developed with the primates. Time for another brain, which was able to plan and arrange.

The neocortex brain is the third, youngest brain. It is the brain of disposing of the future, the possibility of conscious planning, precautionary action, the brain of abstractions and logical connections, of self-confidence and individuality.

Everyone has these 3 brains, let's take a closer look at these brains related to the trader's profession.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Reptilian brain

Orientation: past

Setup: Aligns too much with other traders

Entry: Has a good empathy, but dares too little

Trade Administration: In the calm lies the power

Exit: Get out too early, because he relies on safety.

Behavior on profit: Balanced

Behavior on loss: Balanced

The reptilian brain has a hard time trading because it works more isolated on its own, communication with other people is preferred. The empathy for very good chances is best developed, but one dares not enough. Problem is that one listens more to others than to oneself. Losses cause you to give up quickly. Profits are not invested because you put too much security. The chance is greater than the risk you are willing to take.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Limbic brain

Orientation: present

Setup: Orient only to itself

Entry: Courageous but also thoughtless fast entrances

Trade Management: Is always hectic

Exit: Too late because he hopes for a turnaround

Behavior on profit: exaggerated joy

Behavior on loss: Excessive frustration

The red brain is in a sense a danger but also a great opportunity. The most daring trades are entered, which leads to huge profits or huge losses. You do not hear others because you know better. Losses lead to revenge trades, you want your money back, cost whatever it takes. Here there is only black or white, all or nothing. Either millionaire or welfare recipient. The risk is higher than the chance.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

neocortex brain

Orientation: future

Setup: Oriented only to numbers, data and facts.

Entry: considered and strategic entrances

Trade Management: Works on its defined rules

Exit: Increases too late or too early because it trades in numbers and facts.

Behavior on profit: hardly any reactions

Behavior in case of loss: hardly any reactions

The blue brain is always busy analyzing and correlating numbers, data and facts. Only if all parameters are correct will a trade be entered according to clearly defined rules. The suggestions of others are analyzed carefully and if they are convincing, they are incorporated into the own concept. Losses make you question your concept and spend a lot of time creating a new concept. Chance and risk are balanced here.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Every human being has these three brains, which, in spite of great differences in structure and function, must work together and communicate with one another.

The big question is how strongly the respective part of the brains reacts in certain situations.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

This results in an infinite number of possibilities, which in detail reflect the personality of a person. Decisive for an improvement is always the insight that something would have to be improved. Role models are well suited for this. Not to copy the role models, but to learn from them first. Then I can train my own personality in the learned area.

So you could classify the traders in 3 categories:

1.The feeling trader

2.The dominance trader

3.The numbers data facts trader

All these categories are equally successful, the key is the right mix at the right time. However, the individual situation of the individual trader is also important. First of all, no pressure is allowed. If you have to live off the trading, the pressure is much higher than if you use money that you do not need.

Try to find out what kind of trader you are. Then start looking for role models. But beware, too often we look for like-minded people, they do not help us, because they think the same way as we do. In order to change something, you should look for someone as a role model who thinks completely differently than you do. If you decide on this direction later, you decide. It is important, first of all, to change your thinking. After that the action takes place.

Man learns only through pain or insight, when pain and insight come together the learning success is the greatest.

I wish you every success in doing the right thing.

Best regards

--- 帖子 #461 ---
Hi Michael,

Thank you for your reports. If I see the US rate hike and the dollar fall sharply at the moment, it could mean that the price is pushed higher to sell as dearly as possible, and then set the course for the level you are forecasting to lower?

--- 帖子 #462 ---
Hello Klaus,

That sounds logical, but it would be too easy, because it would be predictable for everyone. The big players in the market are often responsible for where the market is going. But there are permanent traders who get exact instructions every week on what to do. If you have 50 employees and give each other a different job, you can already cause confusion in the market. But even the big players work against each other, because everyone wants to have something off the big cake. The small traders are just the plaything, we are shooed back and forth and often stopped. Since we do not know the strategies of the big players in advance, the price development is difficult to define. If everyone acted on the same principle, the price would be much clearer and the candles much larger. For me, the Equilibrium strategy of supply and demand is still the only way to make some good trades a day. Still, the various big players do not make it easy for me. The background, everyone has different interests. An oil producer wants to sell his oil as expensive as possible, a consumer wants to buy oil as cheaply as possible. That means both different interests have to somehow agree. And that is precisely what is regulated by supply and demand.

best regards

--- 帖子 #463 ---
Hi Michael,

thanks, yes supply and demand are the logical conclusions.

While I still use Pivot to find equilibria, I find that in many ways resistance and support also cause balance.

Klaus

--- 帖子 #464 ---
Hello Klaus,

the Pivot Lines are used by many traders, the big players know that too and stop small traders at important pivot lines. Here is the combination of Equilibrium and Pivot quite an alternative. I neglect the pivot points, because the more information you have, the more insecure you become. For me, the pure price chart is crucial.

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #465 ---
Clear overview

Hello dear traders,

Some of you wanted to know what you can do with a 55 inch Ultra HD screen. Since I worked with this new setup, the overview has improved enormously. The basic setup is my 6 time units, M1, M5, M15, M30, H1 and H4. There I work only with a momentum indicator and my own marked resistance and support lines.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

If I zoom in on the single chart image over the entire screen, the advantage quickly becomes apparent. With the same candle size as on my 32-inch screens, the 55-inch screen at least doubles the overall view.

To see a clear equilibrium I can look at the 4H chart over 3 years. This greatly facilitates the work, because you do not always have to scroll back so far.

The setup in the morning is faster, I draw in the 6 time units my lines due to the Equilibrium and then turn all 6 views in the overall view. Now I can see at a glance the reaction of the course when it comes to a defined resistance.

You can more quickly identify the different trends within the overall trend and make faster, more efficient decisions. Of course, not all lines are drawn correctly, but you can see the errors faster than before.

To write E Mais or to stop by Youtube everything can happen on the main screen at the same time, without losing sight of the course.

I use two 32 inch screens for my trade and for a 20 sec chart. The remaining screens analyze the trend strength, currency strength, candle strength and give me up to date information about the situation in the market.

Whether the setup is financially worthwhile, I evaluate only at the end of the year, the fact is that it is a huge relief. You just have more time. And time is known to be the most valuable we have in the world. Money can be increased, the time you have unfortunately not.

I wish you much success today.

Best regards

--- 帖子 #466 ---
Hello dear traders,

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

We are still in an equilibrium on a monthly basis. The lines of the blue arrows will determine the future course sustainable. For this, it is crucial that the respective line is first broken sustainable up or down. On 20.03. the bottom line was broken, however, the move was quickly turned away and pushed back strongly over the middle line. At the moment it looks like the upper line is starting up again. As soon as the upper or lower line is broken, the upper or lower line should act as a strong resistance in pullback. That would be an indication of a possible longer-term price course.

At the moment, the market seems still undecided, but that could change quickly. Pay attention to the movements of the market and identify your Equilibrium. This gives you indications of possible future price movements.

I wish you success

best regards

--- 帖子 #467 ---
Dear Bionics ,

I had subscribed to you personally long back i believe it was in one of the posted that Hanover had mentioned you to be some kind of excellect programmer something like that . So when you started your thread i immediately subscribed to it . Now i have started to go through your thread and your amazing post which is quit close to how and what i trade ....whatever you are posting is quit upto the mark and logical ...i wish you best of luck for this thread and hope that this thread makes to the top of FF . I think that i am quit luckey that i am following and intelligent guy like you

--- 帖子 #468 ---
Hello HumbleLearne,

Thank you very much for your sincere compliment and motivational words. One can defend oneself against criticism, one is powerless against praise. Nevertheless, I would like to write a few words.

For several years I have looked at FF many times and looked forward to the many great contributions. Especially I have noticed the people like Hannover, Nicholishen, SwingMan and many others who have unselfishly put their valuable knowledge at the disposal of all traders. I found that very impressive. Then I tried to get information about the Equilibrium and realized that this topic was hardly noticed.

At the beginning of January 2018, I published my first blog. I was lucky enough to meet Hannover, Nicholishen, SwingMan and some other valuable people here. This has confirmed my intention to pass on my knowledge to those who like to accept and implement it. I am very happy that you belong to these people too.

Maybe I belong to the traders who can live off the trade, but I'm just a human who makes many mistakes every day but also learns from them. FF is a very special help for me because it brings together the best traders in the world. I'm not one of those, but we all have a chance to get a little better and learn. And for that I am very grateful to all who contribute to this.

Thanks again and much success

best regards

--- 帖子 #469 ---
Dear Bionics ,

What are these numbers ilke 16.2,45.5,28.0 which are shown on the wicks do they help you in getting the turning point or something . how do you exactly read the momumtum candles because as far as i can see and observe the turning point or reversal if observed generally comes after the few candles after the the momentum candles .

what ther indicator can we add to the above chart which will help us get closer to pin point the exact turning point ...can you please help or give feed back on my query please

--- 帖子 #470 ---
Hello HumbleLearne,

In principle, the identification of the Equilibrium helps me to mark my lines and signals a turning point. The Momentum candles give me a better overview to better recognize the Equilibrium. The numbers above the candles is a project I am currently working on and experimenting with. Unfortunately, this is still in the development phase and does not give me the values yet as I expect it. That will probably take a while, until I have concrete results here. The pure price type is still the most efficient method to identify an equilibrium. However, you should keep an eye on all time units.

best regards

--- 帖子 #471 ---
Hello dear traders,

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The market is still undecided and moves within my 3 drawn lines. Although the upper and lower line was broken twice in the last 7 days, (points 1 and 2) but the course was then always strongly rejected. In the picture, it looks like the price goes up, but I do not think so. The downward trend has become stronger. Now that the price has dropped 180 pip, there should now be a pullback upwards. After that the price could break again the lower line. Still, I'm waiting for the top or bottom line to be accepted as resistance. If the top line is severely broken and then accepted as resistance in the pullback I see the 1.28 as the next target. If the bottom line is severely broken and then accepted as resistance in the pullback I see the 1.19 as the next target. Let's wait for today's Friday.

I wish you much success today.

best regards

--- 帖子 #472 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #473 ---
Hello Erinieks,

The GBPUSD currently correlates strongly with the EURUSD. In the last 200 days in the 4H chart at 86%. This could open your foreshadowing. I keep my fingers crossed.

best regards

--- 帖子 #474 ---
Hi Michael,

Now that ESMA has decided on far-reaching decisions in favor of the lobbyists and to the detriment of the small traders (like myself), I have to say goodbye to evil or evil slowly from trading. A trade with 1:25 or 1:30 is no longer profitable for me and I have to look elsewhere in this regard unfortunately because I do not have the required 50,000 to remain in the future in the business and to have a small additional income. I'll stick with it as long as I can, but I'm already looking for other options (Australia).

Happy Easter.

Klaus

--- 帖子 #475 ---
ESMA "What does the moon care if a dog barks at him"

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Hello dear traders, hello Klaus,

Now what is standard in the US for a long time is the traders in Europe: the 100% restriction of free choice. I had already published a detailed blog on 03.Feb: Post 218, so I will not go into the possible restrictions.

In the CFD market in Europe, there are approximately 1,500,000 accounts of 400,000 traders with a turnover of 24,000,000,000,000 € per year. In the foreign exchange market, the same amount will be converted worldwide in one week. Still, it's a lot of money for brokers offering CFD in Europe.

CFDs are a cash cow for brokers, so trading is pushed so hard. The biggest winner of the CFD is always the broker. Options and CFDs are quite different in one point.

CFDs have issuers.

Options have no issuer. As a result, options prices are not manipulated by issuers. CFDs have issuers and you trade them directly with the issuer. So the traders always act against the bank. This allows the courses of CFDs to be manipulated. This works indirectly, e.g. about unavailability of the CFD broker or extended spreads etc.

CFDs are traded through specialized CFD brokers. So you trade directly with or against the broker. Options are traded on transparent futures exchanges. Options are standard in the USA, CFDs are not allowed. US citizens, however, have the opportunity to trade futures and options directly through numerous US online brokers directly on the domestic and international futures markets. They can also trade equities, currencies and ETFS directly on margin long and short. They are thus directly trading the reference markets of the CFDs.

Although the obligation to make additional payments for CFD was banned in Germany, the risks for CFD are higher than for options or futures.

I welcome a regulated customer protection, but I find it questionable to limit the free decision of traders.

The leverage limit is particularly severe for smaller traders who have less money available. To trade 1 lot has been enough to give a margin of $ 250. In the future, the margin could rise to $ 3000. Then you can act the same as Future.

I find the new stop-out rules questionable. However, ESMA is seriously proposing that these margin close-out rules no longer be applied to the account balance, but to each individual position. The broker must close a position if the loss of the position is half of the margin. Each position would therefore have installed an automatic stop-loss in the future.

MetaQuotes, the provider of Metatrader 4 and Metatrader 5, has problems implementing these rules. That would be the end for many brokers and possibly also for traders working with the Metatrader. But I think that you can solve the problem in Metatrader with plugins.

Long-term hedging will no longer be possible, as will long-term oriented traders. For me as a scalper who has a maximum stop of 4-7 pip, that's less of a problem. And right now, the benefits of my trading strategy come from supply and demand. Without this strategy, I would not have been able to trade profitably in CFD.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Which solutions are there?

The brokers do not want to lose their cash cow and are already working on many solutions. They fear that many traders will move abroad. The brokers can give private traders the status of professional and thus circumvent the restrictions, or they can found a new company that is not bound by the restrictions of the ESMA. From there you can continue to act funny.

If you want to continue to trade CFD like in the past, you can also look for brokers on certain islands, but I advise against it. Australia is an interesting area where you should look for brokers.

If you forbid dealers in Germany to trade abroad, there are other options. My family is in Canada and Australia. I can certainly motivate my sister or brother to trade and support her a little from Germany.

So as long as there are regulations and restrictions in the world, there are people who are very creative. So no one has to worry that he will not be able to act tomorrow. It has always been like this: the creative people have always survived.

My proposition:

With a creative solution, you can continue trading for the next two years as before. But the clock is ticking. See that you build your fortune and then switch to the futures market. It is much cheaper and the price comes directly from the stock exchange. And you are no longer acting against your broker, but only against the market.

It is never eaten as hot as it is cooked. Therefore, there is no reason to worry. It's the same when the FED or the ECB is holding a meeting, the course starts to sway wildly and an hour later it's back where the whole theater started. The bottom line is, nothing happened. It will be the same here. Let's relax and concentrate on the next trading week.

But CFD will not be the future, that should be made clear. The creative minds will still have some time to raise capital and then make the right profits in a heavily regulated market. So deal with the futures in the future.

I hope I could bring some light into the dark room.

I kindly ask for your understanding because I am strongly involved in JAVA for the next 6 months.
Nevertheless, I will answer all questions as soon as possible.

I wish you a happy Easter and a good start into the new trading week.

best regards

--- 帖子 #476 ---
Hi Michael,

Thank you for your answer, still beautiful easter and a good week

Klaus

--- 帖子 #477 ---
Hello Klaus,

I wish you the same. You will see: Whenever something disappears, a new big opportunity comes. Everything will be fine.

best regards

--- 帖子 #478 ---
Only who have the knowledge can turn something so complicated into something simple. Thank you for share your knowledge with us and happy Easter for you and your family.

--- 帖子 #479 ---
Hello palpite,

Thank you for your nice statement, I was very happy. Our life is already complicated enough, everyone tried with many unnecessary foreign words to represent his knowledge credible. The more complicated the statements are, the smarter the author feels about this unnecessary presentation. He does not reach his goal. One goal should be that everyone also understands the statements.

"Simflify your life" also means to easily portray complex issues. Actually, there are only two ways to trade in the long term. Up or down, end of story. Thats is quite easy. And what do we do with it? A complicated doctoral thesis that nobody understands anymore. If we were to focus on the essentials, much would be easier.

You said it in a nutshell in your last post:

How much more I study about forex, i have much more certainy i dont know nothing yet.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

This means that the more I know, the more I notice what I do not know yet. Basically, this is not a problem, because more knowledge only hurts if you no longer use the basic knowledge.

A beginner in the Forex area is overwhelmed with the information here at Forex Factory. First, because he himself does not know where the journey is going for him, and second, because he can not distinguish important information from unimportant information.

Unconscious incompetence

Everything starts here: In this status you are not aware that you do not have a certain competence. Therefore, it does not bother you at all. At some point you may realize that you are missing something. This takes you to the next level.

Conscious incompetence

Here you realize that you are currently not equipped with the best knowledge in this field. You become aware of your incompetence and it hurts. That puts you under pressure!

Conscious competence

In this phase, you develop your knowledge and skills. It feels good and slowly gives you more and more security. First successes are coming and you will continue step by step.

Unconscious competence

Really good you are in this phase: Here you internalize your knowledge and act intuitively. You no longer need to track your script, you know it by heart. You become safe and flexible in your actions. You get absolute confidence in your abilities and can let things "run wild".

These steps are repeated in different areas. That's good if we only do this in the areas that really help us. In the Forex area, however, you often can not distinguish between important and unimportant. This costs time, nerves and possibly a lot of money.

I want the serenity to accept things that I can not change, the courage to change things that I can change, and the wisdom to distinguish one from the other.

I wish you a nice day

best regards

--- 帖子 #480 ---
This is stage i'm today " Conscious incompetence ". I need control my emotional and not open many trades in the same point, after fix this problem, i can create 1 good risk management and start the next step. " Conscious competence " wait for me, i'm coming.

Conscious incompetence

Here you realize that you are currently not equipped with the best knowledge in this field. You become aware of your incompetence and it hurts. That puts you under pressure!

--- 帖子 #481 ---
Hello palpite,

Good things take some time. That will be ....

best regards

--- 帖子 #482 ---
Hm?!? I trade with an old desktop pc and a 19 zoll monitor. Next step is to reduce the size of the desktop pc to something like an developer board.

And i am happy with my results ...

--- 帖子 #483 ---
Hello Michael,

I agree with you absolutely. To succeed, you do not need a 55-inch screen, but experience and a very good strategy. At the beginning of my trader career, I also started with two small screens. But after many trading years, I searched for and found a relief for my daily trading. As I wrote in some previous blogs, trading beginners should refrain from such trading desk and focus on trading first. I am very pleased that you act successfully, because this convenience is unfortunately only a small part of the traders reserved.

I wish you a happy Easter in the circle of the family

best regards

Michael

--- 帖子 #484 ---
I wish also happy eastern and a good time with your family.

Grüsse

Michael

--- 帖子 #485 ---
I see EUR in range with a smart curve to sink like the titanic. As we look on EURCHF we can spot we a near to recover the hard drop. Hm? Is EURUSD in range as long as we have in EURCHF the mariana trench behind us? Who knows? Better not will know and react more on that what we can see. EURUSD trade longterm again if we have a real direction or we can not without, reduce risk to minimum.

--- 帖子 #486 ---
Hello MichaelSch

Thank you for your contribution and for your assessment. Every trader here at FF has an opinion on currency pairs and their history. This could be discussed for hours, but is counterproductive because every trader has his strategy as long as is right until he is taught by the market for the better.

Because I'm a Swingscalper, long-term trends are less important to me. I act according to the microeconomic principle of supply and demand. When does supply dominate demand or when does demand dominate supply? For that, I do not need any indicators, just the self-drawn resistance lines. Nevertheless, I am working with interesting auxiliary indicators from noteworthy programmers like Hanover or Nicholishen, who help me to analyze currency strengths, candle strengths and trend strengths. From this I form a picture that facilitates my decisions in the area of supply and demand. With this principle, I have been working for many years as a full-time CFD Scalper. In FF, in early 2018, I published my first post to share with successful traders and to share information with people who want to benefit from this system.

As you've probably determined, the forex market is profitable for very few traders. I can only congratulate you if you belong to the category of profitable traders.
best regards

--- 帖子 #487 ---
Where goes the journey to Easter?

Hello dear traders,

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

My assessment on March 23 (blue arrow) that the course goes up and cuts my green line, went well. This week I made an assessment that now the red line is touched again. The trend is there, but the line has not been touched yet. Not all of my assessments are so accurate after a forecast, but the odds get better every day. This has nothing to do with luck, but is the consequence of demand and supply of the market. One more reason to deal with it more intensively in the future. What happens next?

A song by Bob Dylan: Blowin 'in the Wind describes it quite well. "The answer, my friend, is blowing in the wind. The answer is blowing in the wind. "That means nobody knows the future. But I once looked at the individual units of time and formed an opinion.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In the 1M, 5M and D range, there is a tendency to move up. In the 15M and 4H range there is a sideways tendency and the 30M, 1H, W1 and MN show a downward bias for me. That could mean that we could see a pullback up in the downtrend. However, if we look at which range (1.2475) the supply dominates demand, one could assume that only from 1.2185 onwards will demand dominate supply.

In the course of pullback, if the red line turns sharply down the price, the downward trend could become stronger. The 1.2475 trend was very strong and the last pullback weak. The tendency in the individual time units tends rather downwards.

This could change quickly, however, if a big player comes up with the idea to once again hunt up the price to get a better starting price for the downtrend.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The best way to be prepared against all eventualities is the following idea. Take your 6 most important time units and identify all the Equilibrium there. Record the resistance lines and observe the course of the course in all time units at the same time. If the price hits a resistance level defined by you in 4 time units at the same time, there is a high probability that your plan will work out.

This is unfortunately not a guarantee, but a significant improvement of possible probabilities in your favor. And that's where it matters to improve the odds in your favor.

I wish you a happy Easter and: "May the course be with you"

best regards

--- 帖子 #488 ---
ESMA: An immoral offer!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Hello dear traders,

As already described last week in the Post 476 (ESMA "What does the moon care if a dog barks at him"), from the middle of the year the restrictions of ESMA are expected to take effect. The brokers are terrified of losing massive customers and are now trying to do everything possible to keep the customers. In doing so, all registers of creativity are drawn.

Here is a small excerpt from an offer from a broker. The name of the broker does not matter here, as it is a group of brokers who follow this path.

"European regulators have announced minimum margin installments for residential customers. Currently they are considered private investors. European regulators have announced restrictions on the sale of certain products to retail customers due to come into force in early July. That means minimal entry margin rates between 3% and 20% depending on the investment class at CFD. If you meet the regulatory criteria and choose to be treated as a professional client, these rules will not apply to you. However, they lose other legal protections. "
"Your Benefits as a Professional Customer Our margin rates will soon increase by up to 900% as a professional client would not be affected by margin rates. In addition, you would receive a 10% discount on their current margin rates. Some products and features will only be accessible to professional customers. As a professional customer, you must, among other things, forego the following FCA / BaFin protective measures. "
"Nachzuspflicht: as a professional customer, the negative balance protection is not for them. You are required to make additional payments if your account is in negative balance. "
"Restrictions on CFD and Binary Options: Regulators have imposed leverage and other measures to protect private customers. If you choose to be a professional customer, we are under no obligation to limit your account in this way, so these protections and any future measures will not apply to them. "

Conclusion:

Is not that great. The brokers can keep their cash cow and can even save the very expensive hedging of the additional repayment obligation. There are a few percent on the margin rate.

The question should be: Can any trader be upgraded to a professional trader? If this is possible, ESMA's duty of care has driven the private trader into long-term ruin rather than protected him. Congratulations.

That means you trade with an already expensive product CFD (compared to the futures) and lose the previously legal protection of the margin requirement.
Imagine you have $ 10,000 on the brokerage account. You place 1 contract buy order in the EURCHF with a stop of 20 pip. On January 15, 2015, the EURCHF fell from 1.20 to 0.97 within a few seconds. (2,200 pip). The stop was unable to grip.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

At the time, your account was down € 22,000.
With today's no repayment obligation laws, your account would be $ 0, but you would not be required to pay $ 12,000
If you now enter the broker's new offer, your account would be at $ 0 and you should pay € 12,000.
I would strongly advise against beginners of this offer.

Important:
That such an EURCHF situation repeats is quite unrealistic, but there is a likelihood. Of course, today you could use a guaranteed stop that prevents the worst. However, the terms are very bad for most traders.

If the spread was lowered by 50%, you could think twice. However, there are still brokers who offer a spread of 0.5 at no additional cost and have no repayment obligation. Such a broker is to be found in the future.

Which solution is there?

1. Continue to act on the requirements of ESMA
2. Change to the Futuremarkt
3. Seek brokers offering higher margin rates with no repayment obligation.

For beginners with little money, there is only solution 1 and 3.
For the advanced, there is really only the solution 2. The courses are better and the prices cheaper. The risk remains the same.
Until June there is still time to find a new broker, now comparisons have to be made to continue in the future.

best regards

--- 帖子 #489 ---
Hello dear traders,

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The EURUSD has now reached a significant point again. Demand strongly dominates supply in this zone. This can be seen very well from the blue circle. The question now is how strong and how far the pullback goes up. At present, an equilibrium is created. After that there should be a decision. As already written: If the price breaks down sharply and then the red line acts as a strong resistance, I see the 1.19 as the next target. Now we wait for the possible pullback.

best regards

--- 帖子 #490 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

How do I find the best broker for me?

Dear Traders,

When looking for the right broker, there are many hurdles to overcome. Not the cheapest broker is always the best. First of all, your investment behavior is a decisive criterion. As a scalper, spreads should be cheap and no further costs should be incurred. As a long-term trader, spreads can be less critical.
The right price performance ratio determines the right broker. Here is an example of what to look for in a CFD broker:

Accuracy of the courses
Analyzes aids
Arbitrage
Bankruptcy protection Internet comparison broker
Bonus
Capital gains tax
Customer Service
Demo account
Deposit guarantee
Deposit payment
ECN or STP
Execution time order placement
Fees Commission
Guaranteed stops,
Hedging
Lever
Margin
Margin Braids
Mini contracts
Minimum deposit
Minimum distance stop loss
Platforms
Real-time price
Regulation and location of the broker
Requotes
Rollover
Size of the broker
Slippage
Speed data transmission of the courses
Spreads
Stop and limitorder
Tradable products of your broker
Training

I once picked out the most important things for me.

For me natural conditions:

ECN/STP(DMA broker), deposit guarantee, no fees commission, good products: important to me dollar index, bankruptcy protection, capital gains tax is not withheld, good customer service, small margin, MT4 and MT5 platform, good realtime price, regulation of the broker, low requotes / Slippage, individual lever up to 400, low margin and the possibility of a guaranteed stop loss.

As a Scalper, I act almost only the majors and in more than 60% of the EURUSD, low spreads are required.
I've seen and tested a few brokers over the years, but there are so many brokers that no representative statement can be made here.
Unfortunately, there is no broker that meets all of my criteria so I opted for two brokers. IG Markets and Active Trades. Both combine my required criteria.

IG Markets is one of the oldest and largest brokers in existence. They offer a guaranteed stop loss, but it costs a lot of money, especially if you work as a scalper with only 4-7 pip stops. Then pay extra for a guaranteed stop is too expensive. The spread is quite expensive at 0.8 -1, but cheaper than many others. Unfortunately, the spread in volatile phases often rises to 1.5 in EURUSD, which is outrageous. Stop and Limitorder must be at least 5 Pip from the current course in the Metatrader, for me much too high. The accuracy of the courses is ok in volatile phases, the execution time is too slow. The stop loss must be at least 5 pip away, which is unacceptable. The speed data transmission of the courses is acceptable. The customer service is excellent. The lever goes up to a maximum of 200, no MT5, no dollar index. IG Markets has a very good internet platform and works very professionally. Basically for my needs a recommended broker.

Active Trades is a very interesting Swiss broker founded in 2001. The spread is very cheap at 0.5-0.7. In volatile phases it goes to 0.8 in the EURUSD, that's ok. Stop and Limitorder can be 0 Pip in the Metatrader from the current price, which is absolutely top. The accuracy of the courses is top in volatile phases, the execution time may suffer a bit. The stop loss can be 0 pip from the current price, which is exemplary. The speed data transmission of the courses is exceptionally good, often better than IG. The customer service, however, is not as good as IG. The lever goes up to a maximum of 400 and thus a 50% smaller margin than IG. No requotes guaranteed. With the MT5, the execution speed is once again significantly increased and in addition to the dollar index, there are other interesting courses. The internet platform is acceptable. Basically for my needs a recommended broker.

As a Scalper I have a broker for guaranteed stops and a broker for my daily business.

Important addition:

However, my opinion is not representative, as it applies only to me only in the CFD area. I am not married to these brokers and if I find a new broker that better meets my required criteria, I will not hesitate to use this broker for my business in the future. Especially with regard to the new ESMA regulations.

But I'll show you a solution with which you can find your personally best broker.

Basically you can compare most things on the internet, but you have to be careful. On the internet, there are always sites where brokers are allegedly compared independently. In 90% of the cases you can forget that. The websites are financially supported by many brokers. Forget about the comparisons, they are usually useless. In addition, there are often things that are uninteresting for a trader.

When winter tires are tested in Germany it is interesting for me how fast a winter tire slows down in ice and snow and how it reacts with aquaplaning. How fast it wears off or how high the noise level is, is not interesting for me. So I look for the best tires and then look for the best price performance ratio. These tires are my personal winner.

Create an Excel spreadsheet with the points that matter most to you. Then compare the brokers with each other. The best will win.
Unfortunately, one thing you can hardly compare: this is the speed of data transmission of the courses. Thus, the execution times of the order placements and the requotes / slippage are also related.

There is a simple trick for that.

Get one or two demo accounts from your chosen broker and create a new MT4 account. Then load my 7Zip packed indicators and the associated template into your old and your new demo accounts. Then you can compare the data flow, the spread and the prices.
That looks something like this:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The rows of numbers move very fast and you can easily see the data flow.

Inserted Video

On the top right you can see the S-KG Buyer Seller indicator. Developer: saronko high impact Member FF, Thanks to Kang Gun source code and FerruFx advice
The indicator, reacting quickly to price change. In addition, a current price indicator and the spread was incorporated. Since a lot of indicators are installed in the Metatrader, the S-KG Buyer Seller indicator moves a bit slower. You should therefore only install my three indicators for your test comparison.

Then look at how fast the numbers are moving and how the price behaves. This allows you to quickly compare the transmitted data flow of the brokers.
You will be amazed at the differences that can be identified and then finally make a good decision on your other criteria.

Please note that this comparison only applies to the CFD area and options or futures are excluded.

In my post 264 you can get more information about the other indicators.
https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...0#post10767050

I wish you much success in the search and hope that these tips will help you a little bit.

Best regards

Attached File(s)   Indicators and template.zip

100 KB
|
1,115 downloads

--- 帖子 #491 ---
Hello Michael,

thank you very much for the very important information

Klaus

--- 帖子 #492 ---
Hello Klaus,

I'm glad that you benefit from the information, I am currently testing various brokers in Australia, let's see what comes out.

best regards

--- 帖子 #493 ---
Dear Traders,

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

with my guess and assessment from the yellow arrow, I was about right. I estimated that the course will run to my marked green lines and then return to the red lines. The green lines have reached the course, is even something above it. The red line was now broken strong. Now the course should go down a bit. If he then shoots up and bounces off the red line, the next range for me is 1.19, possibly even 1.179. In the area 1.2186 there is a demand market, which means that demand dominates the supply. There could be a pullback there. Of course, sooner or later. If the price is rejected in the range of 1,227 (red lines), we would have to see a nice downtrend. However, every day there are many ways for a Scalper with the Equilibrium.

I wish you success.

best regards

--- 帖子 #494 ---
With futures, those holding your CHF example, would you be writing a check to the futures broker?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #495 ---
Hello RedWingFan,

Thank you for your question, which I would like to answer in more detail.

When the EURCHF experienced this slump, there was still no protection for the brokers in the CFD area. In the futures market, you are a professional trader on the move, and you can do without stops when you're ready to take the risk. Many traders who had witnessed this slump did not have to repay their debts, as the broker went bankrupt, too. Nevertheless, the insolvency administrator could demand this debt from the traders. When you are trading in the stock market environment, you have to be aware of the risks and adjust your actions to the market and its assets that you are willing to risk. If I had been affected, I would have paid my debts, as I am aware of the risk. Since I do not trade the EURCHF, I was certainly lucky. Every futures trader has the same risk. In the last 2 years, the Europeans in the CFD area were lucky that there were no back payments. In America, high-lever CFDs have long been banned. Since Europe is 5 - 10 years behind the Americans, we now get the same regulations in June 18. The only difference is that Europeans can still switch to countries that are not subject to the ESMA rules. In my opinion, there will also be an end from 2020 onwards. Americans have a much better stock market experience than anyone else. This is already proven by the six main currency pairs in which the dollar is represented everywhere. These 6 first currency pairs make up about 2/3 of the total turnover of all currencies. The EURUSD comes first with 23-25%, almost the same as the other currency pairs combined. Now you could say that's because of the strong dollar, but the dollar is not that strong at the moment. But it's one of the most interesting currencies, at least for me.

I hope I could answer your question.

Greetings and good luck to you.

--- 帖子 #496 ---
Hello dear traders,

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

As you can see very well, the course is as expected further down. At the beginning of March (blue circle 1) demand dominated the supply to circle 2 where a small equilibrium was created. Watch the circle 3 in parallel. It is in this area that demand dominated supply to Circle 4. This is where Equilibrium is emerging in view of Powell's speech.

The course would have had to run down more clearly for me, to the point 5. If he had then shot high and strong rebounded at the point 4, I would rather see the 1.19 than at the present time.

This zone now decides whether the course is now once again running to the middle of 1.235 or is now strongly rejected by the red line. In the current zone, we still see a supply market at point 2, which, however, was heavily rejected again at 1.235.

In the 1.231, 1.233 and 1.235 ranges supply dominates demand.

Perhaps during the Powell speech, the price could be pushed up into one of these zones and then turned down sharply. Then in Zone 5 a strong demand would be expected again. Then I wait again for a pullback to the red zone. Then the ride may then go down.

So it could be exciting today. So take a seat and do not forget to strap on, the ride could be a bit uncomfortable.

I wish you success.

--- 帖子 #497 ---
Post

--- 帖子 #498 ---
Hello dear traders,

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

on Friday 17:20 CET I (where the blue arrow is) made the following statement:

The course would have had to run down more clearly for me, to the point 5. If he had then shot high and strong rebounded at the point 4, I would rather see the 1.19 than at the present time This zone now decides whether the course is now once again running to the middle of 1.235 or is now strongly rejected by the red line. In the current zone, we still see a supply market at point 2, which, however, was heavily rejected again at 1.235.

In the 1.231, 1.233 and 1.235 ranges supply dominates demand. Perhaps during the Powell speech, the price could be pushed up into one of these zones and then turned down sharply. Then in Zone 5 a strong demand would be expected again. Then I wait again for a pullback to the red zone. Then the ride may then go down.

I admit Powell had not exerted much pressure, but the course went up and continued today what he should have done on Friday.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

As you can see, equilibrium is a good way of defining future resistance zones. The three zones are yellow which I determined for me on Friday at 17:20 CET. Even though I often manage to anticipate the course correctly, it is not up to me but the Equilibrium. The point is that with the help of the Equilibrium one increases the probability of being able to determine turns more precisely. If you look at the red, green and gray lines on slide 1, which incidentally were drawn in early March by me is still interesting.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

At the moment we are in a zone where supply dominates demand, this zone could soon push the price down again. At the moment we are back in an equilibrium. For me, the red and green zones are still important for long-term price development. The situation looks favorable for a price target of up to 1,119, but much can change that.

Best regards

--- 帖子 #499 ---
Hello dear traders,

As you can see we are still in a big equilibrium within my marked range (red and green lines).

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

With the help of the blue arrows I once tried to document the supply market and demand market.

Arrow down: Offer dominates demand.

Arrow up: Demand dominates the offer.

Offer is currently dominating demand, but we already have two demand zones.

It remains exciting and maybe the course now manages to get over the red or the green zone sustainably. Then we would be out of the month's equinibrium.

I wish you a nice evening

best regards

--- 帖子 #500 ---
A few days ago i post this and now we see this:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

What is EURUSD making?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #501 ---
Science and practice

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Science means to explain what everybody knows so that no one understands it afterwards.

The truth is: science creates knowledge. It's good to know, but the more you know, the more you realize what you do not know yet.

This means that the more I know, the higher my doubts are whether what I know is right.

We all can be glad that science exists, because that benefits the whole world and our economic system. Without science, we would not be where we are today. But no one can say if science always helps us.

Each of us is a researcher and a small scientist, whether he is a doctor, professor, office clerk, worker or unemployed, our lives provide enough science to research.

By that I do not mean quantum physics, space research or medicine, but normal situations like parenting, relationship, communication, love, sex, sport, hobbies and many things of daily life.

Science is not the greatest error of life, but the conclusions we have drawn from it. So the problem is not science but man, because he is wrong.
Of course, a professor can prove his thesis to the student, but only because the student does not know better. But that does not necessarily mean that the professor must be right.

Man has been wrong ever since man exists, that's why science is wrong because it is man-operated.

The old thesis, "The earth is a disk," was also refuted, just as it was believed for 40 years that plants can not absorb solids or liquids through their stomata.

Science is based on possible theories that are either confirmed or refuted. If there were no theories, there would be no basis for discussion to refute them.

Every person who has completed an apprenticeship or a degree course knows it from personal experience. Theory and practice are often two different worlds.

Every person writes in his life a doctoral thesis or a professorship, not on paper but in his head, about things he has dealt with many years. This experience is very special, it is his own science, the experience of his own life.

It is good to know knowing how to correctly apply the fulfillment.

Science does not mean to hoard knowledge, but to pass on knowledge. It does not matter whether the knowledge is 100% correct, but whether one can help someone with it.

In principle, recognized science is nothing other than what most people have agreed on. Until one day you know better, then you have to agree again.

If we deal with the topic of brain research, and read the headline: "Love can be seen in the brain scan", you can only sit back and think: Yes you do. If I'm not sure in the future if I love my partner, I'll do a brain scan.

Science is special, but if it helps me to become really successful is a big challenge.

He was a mathematician and she was unpredictable.

Conclusion:

Science is not bad because there are wrong assumptions, but a good development process to get closer to the truth.

According to my theses, the some reasonable way of trading is to make more profit than loss if I properly implement the doctrine of supply and demand. Now there will be traders who say the opposite and think that equilibrium is just chance.

I find that exciting, because it causes the doubters to my theses to move to refute it. And that is exactly what will help us all, because movement brings us forward. As simple as that.

Science creates knowledge, we use the basics to build on it to advance our own knowledge in order to succeed.

And something else:

The term "self-confidence" puts it in a nutshell: I have to be aware that it is up to me. Only then am I in a position to change anything.

I wish you much success

--- 帖子 #502 ---
Have you already tried the Renko to find potential zones?

--- 帖子 #503 ---
Nice. I locate my zones for intraday after watching sharp reaction on M30, say get engulfings or other candle patterns. Often we have hit a zone like pivot(actual or from the past day), s&r or others. I switch to M5 and watch what makes price here (also candle patterns that confirm direction?). If yes, i go to M1 searching for a entry like this picture discribe it.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

If you have trouble to locate things you can help out with two moving averages (say SMA 50 and SMA 21) as discribed behaviour in the picture.

Good if you can spot someting like this before the trade goes on the way.

Attached Image

--- 帖子 #504 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Hello dear amenocy,

First of all, welcome to our blog and thank you very much for the very important question, which will certainly interest many traders who have dealt with the Equilibrium a bit.I would like to answer something in more detail.

For many years I have tried different types of Renko strategy and Heikin Ashi indicators and compared them with different bar charts. The result has unfortunately not brought me the hoped-for successes.

Let's take a closer look at the Renko chart. Basically, it should be noted that anyone who follows gullible technical indicators without understanding the trend dynamics is almost certainly doomed to failure in trading. This speaks against conventional indicators. The idea for Renko: It is about the visual representation of the true trend and to filter out fluctuations that could lead a trader in this trend following astray. Renko charts are not a basic recipe for success; you may be able to increase the chance of trading success with an additional strategy.

Due to their design, the Renko charts often do not match the original chart. Thus, different highs or lows can be achieved. However, sometimes trend patterns are more easily recognized. Determining the size of the renko, ie the minimum spread of the price movement, is a major challenge for which there is no standard rule. The choice of the minimum range depends on the volatility of the respective price.

This is where the first hurdle begins for me. I need an ATR. Since my optimal chart setting is now dependent on an indicator, another uncertainty has been added. Which ATR now reliably displays the values that I need exactly to represent my Renkochart optimally?

The normal chart (5M, 15M, 1H) may look a bit illogical for beginners, but it does show the unvarnished truth. For a normal chart I do not need an ATR because I see the volatility immediately. This makes my normal chart image independent of any other indicator.

Since the Renko is time-independent, it is difficult to detect strong price increases or price drops. Likewise, an Equilibrium is harder to identify.
These features make it difficult to identify a potential supply market or demand market.

The idea of working with Renko is initially tempting, I gave it up quickly because the pure price chart reflects the optimal translation of the market.
The price history is just up or down and a bit of a mess in the beginning. Just like a new language. But the longer you deal with it, the clearer it gets. So it's just a matter of time.

The situation is similar with Heikin Ashi. At first glance, it looks like a help, but you can derive few decisive equilibrium from it. Likewise, I can only advise against using one or more MA's from my own experience. The price does not matter if two MAs cross each other or not. In the future, therefore, he will not do what the cruising MAs predict. Indicators always follow the price. Therefore, one should pay the greatest attention to the pure price trend.

That's my personal opinion though. The fact that I have been able to live well from my Equlibrium strategy for many years should not be the decisive criterion for dealing more with supply and demand in the future. However, it should be a suggestion that this strategy could succeed if one can identify with this type of action. You can never tell a trader how to do business, he is always responsible. Here at FF there are many very good traders from whom you can learn a lot. But there are also many who have no success and confuse other traders by their recommendations or give you information that may bring very high losses. My tip: A good gut feeling is crucial which information is good and which information is bad. I wish you that you will always be able to make your best decisions from the many different pieces of information.

Best regards

--- 帖子 #505 ---
I truly appreciate your help

I converted Momentum Candles indicator to ATR based indicator.

--- 帖子 #506 ---
Hello amenocy,

I'm glad if the information helps you. If you are looking for the optimal trading style, you get a thousand different pieces of information. Your question has brought me to a new idea for an important contribution. "How can I easily get information that really helps me?" I will work on it and hope to post a contribution by the end of the week. Thanks again.

Best regards

--- 帖子 #507 ---
What information is important?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Hello dear traders,

FF has some 1,000 different trading themes. There are over 65,000 threads with 6,900,000 answers in 9 forums. Assuming that each answer contains only 100 words, that would total 6,900,000,000 words.

One reader manages about 200 words per minute.
To completely read through FF you would need almost 7 years without a break. (69,000 books)

Of nearly 500,000 members, approximately 50,000 members have published threads.
If I know what I'm looking for, I can get possible answers through my search.
So to improve your knowledge, finding keywords is the optimal alternative.

But what if I do not know what I'm looking for?
If I'm looking for new interesting knowledge how do I go about it?
In principle, I have only two options: searching for posts or searching through the members.

65,000 contributions face 50,000 members.
So I concentrate clearly on the members.

Members who publish regular contributions and communicate with other members are so-called impact members. They are marked with a rhombus.

Red = High Impact Member = Top 2% about 620 members

Orange = Medium Impact Member = Top 5% about 930 members

Yellow = Low Impact Member = Top 10% Top about 1,550 members

With that I can reduce my choice to 3,000 members. This does not mean that the other members do not post well, it just means that they do not regularly post information. Let's just stay with these 3,000 members for the sake of simplicity. There is interesting information about these members that makes it easy for a new reader to find the best.

For this we scroll down the main page of FF and click on Members. Then let's take a look at the member list.
There we get the following information:

Joined: month year
Buddies: number
Subscribers: number
Post: number
Last Online: Date
Trading from: Country

Now let's take 3 members who have different values. (we do not consider the country)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

At first glance it looks like Trader A has the most experience as he has posted the most threads, most subscribers follow him and he is the longest in the process. After that Trader B comes and at the end Trader C.

Now let's have a closer look at the activity of the individual traders.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

We realize that the picture is completely changed now. Trader C has 6.97 subscribers per month while Trader A only has 4.68 subscribers per month. Trader A has sold almost twice as many posts as Trader A. (buddies and subscribers were added together)

Subscribers per month are a representative feature because people often only follow interesting topics that help them.
This proves that even new members post interesting topics that are often accepted by other traders.

A picture is worth a thousand words. Make sure that a post with examples and pictures conveys more information than just plain text.
Notice how the writer of a thread deals with its subscribers, how it criticizes, whether it makes fun of others and how it helps people.

An interesting feature is also the Ignored list. Sure, there are sometimes people who are annoying and you just have to lock. But if someone has 50 subscribers and has 25 on the ignored list, it might not just be the other one. This often has something to do with respect and interaction.

There are always exceptions, but the subscribers already have a reason why they follow certain people or not.
These factors do not guarantee that a trader will succeed or post topics that really help. But there are little hints if it pays to look closer.

With this little help, I can ever separate the wheat from the chaff and quickly recognize whether a second look worthwhile.
Take a distance from things that do not help you, meaningless discussions about topics that no one needs, you can find everywhere. Get involved and look for the topics and traders that communicate their strategy in an understandable way.

Unfortunately, it is often about vanities. But I think that most of us are able to distinguish between good and less good.

I think if you post here at FF already posts, you should either do it with passion or let it be better. The profession of the trader is simply too demanding for that. Every day we compete against the best traders in the world, and you need special qualities that are not taught at any university. Being a trader is something very special. You can be proud of that.

Best regards

--- 帖子 #508 ---
Hello dear traders,

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

At the moment we have an interesting situation in EURUSD. Still, you can see a nice equilibrium. It seems the course is heading north. However, at the latest then the 1.253 would be the maximum goal. There the supply dominates the demand. When returning to my drawn green line, there should then be a decision. Either a strong breakthrough through the green line or the green line acts as a strong resistance and makes the course bounce off. In the latter case, the 1.28 could be another target. When breakthrough through the green line, the pullback must first accept this as resistance. After that, the 1.19 could come back into focus. So we are still in the range. That should hopefully change soon.

best regards

--- 帖子 #509 ---
A few days later we see this ...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In short we get the answer for EURUSD i think ...

--- 帖子 #510 ---
Sometimes it's very hard to find the exact equilibrium point, especially when the market starts to behave how you wasn't expecting. In those cases I always recommend to give up trading, at least for a few hours, and it always helps.

--- 帖子 #511 ---
Hello Billtrade,

Thank you for your contribution and welcome toour blog. I totally agree with you and can only confirm you in your opinion.

Equilibrium and the resulting determination of support zones and resistance zones is indeed a major challenge. The longer you work with this strategy, the clearer the structures become. Equilibrium does not always have an impact on the change in the price, so I particularly look at the dominance of supply and demand. Certain price levels are frequently frequented and addressed, which can be more clearly located with the help of the Equilibrium, supply and demand.

Currency strength, candle strength and trend strength are other key points to keep in mind. As you've already aptly said, there are days where you do not have a clear view, even though you've had experience for many years and trade with a system that is completely independent of the standard indicators such as RSI, MACD, MA, Momentum, Bollinger, Fibonacci and many more.

If you act according to the principle of equilibrium, supply and demand, you have to be patient. The big advantage is that you can wait until the market comes to you to sell your trade in peace.

So not like a tiger who runs after his prey, but how the spider in its web waits in peace until the prey comes.Then you can still decide whether you want the loot or not.

This requires that you only trade when the opportunities risk ratio is right. And that's exactly what you can calculate very well in this strategy. Another advantage is the small stops and thus a very low risk in relation to the profit.
So we only trade when it's worth it and when there's no good earnings outlook within reach, you can still switch to other strong currency pairs or just enjoy the nice day. That is sometimes better than having to act in hell.

I wish you a nice day
best regards

--- 帖子 #512 ---
Thank you very much!!!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Hello dear Subscribers and Buddies,

Today I just want to turn to you. First, I would like to thank you once.

Thanks for that ....
... you exchange with me.

Thanks for….
... the great suggestions and the crazy great ideas.

Thanks for….
... interesting posts and opinions.

Thanks for….
... a polite and fair togetherness

Thanks for that ....
... you followed me and subscribed to me.

I created this blog to let people share in my experiences that I have gathered over the years and, of course, to learn.
If you look closely at the Equilibrium blog, a key to success, you will find that we are dealing with many different and interesting issues around trading. Supply and demand as well as the Equilibrium will always remain the focus of this blog, but as a blog writer I would like to offer you from time to time special topics. If you have specific wishes, let me know. Thirty years ago, I ordered my first shares over the phone over the bank, so I already have some life experience, which I like to make available.

In return, I am pleased that we continue to treat each other fairly, honestly and collegially. It does not matter if you are a beginner or a professional.
There are beginners who are already acting like professionals and there are professionals who still act like beginners.
There is no good and no bad, there is no right and no wrong. Every dealer always determines this for himself.

Even though I have had experience for many years, you will find that I do not boast of how much money I earn. I can live on trades and feed my family, that's more than I ever dreamed. When trading you will not get rich quick, but gradually more successful. Anyone who claims otherwise is either dishonest or a player. And my trading style has nothing to do with games.

I would be happy if we learn a lot from each other in the next few years and become more successful step by step.
I have often been asked if I do not want to market my experiences for a lot of money, my answer has always been the same.
I earn my money trading because it is my main profession, which I see with passion and respect every day as a great challenge and can carry on into old age.
It is a very special profession that makes you independent of many things in everyday life. You do not believe how many people in my acquaintance and friends envy me for this independence.

Maybe I can help you enjoy this independence someday, I would be very happy about it.
I wish you to have the success you desire, when you are ready to go the right way. I can accompany you a little along this path, but you take the first step.

Greetings and once again THANKS

Best regards

--- 帖子 #513 ---
Hi Michael, thanks for sharing this.

This post remind me many years ago a stock trader tell me about "reverse to the mean" more or less is about how market will go back to the equilibrium, but not sure how the system works..

I hope i can learn more about how you trade, and i do agree we can make this thread as positive one, but i'm sure soon or later haters will come here, heheh be ready.

Green pips for you..

--- 帖子 #514 ---
Michael, your posts are well appreciated here. Thanks for the blog and for the selfless energy with which carry everyone along in detailing the unique way you see the forex market. Have a great weekend ahead.

--- 帖子 #515 ---
Hallo Michael,herzlichen dank für deine Beiträge.

Ich lese sie sehr aufmerksam und versuche vieles in mein Trading einzubauen. Wenn es mir auch noch oft schwer fällt zu warten bis meine Chance gekommen ist.

Klaus

--- 帖子 #516 ---
This is a great string, although I will admit, I'm still reading; started at page one and working myself through.  I can verify much of what I've read.  I've been trading for 14 years, yes, 14.  And after you've stared at charts, EVERYDAY, for hours for 14 years, you do pick up patterns.  I am looking at the forex market much like what has been said here although I've developed my own terminology.

Today, I can say, with exhaustion,  my trades are more profitable than not, but doesn't mean I'm a good trader; still working on it, which is what attracted me to this string.

I would like to ask a question to all of you because I am struggling to meet my goals. Do you consider yourselves hobbiest?  Professionals?  Successful?

My goal is to become a private professional trader, whatever that means and here I am, not knowing my next direction.  My questions may be away from this topic and if so, I appreciate keeping this blog clean, so if you can direct me to a different conversation, website, etc.  I've not be able to find the answers to my questions and I'm getting desparate.

I've read comments about 'make it a business'.  Is that a mindset or a physical requirement?  Do we all need to be keeping books?  Our brokers keep tract of p/l.

I don't know my next step.

--- 帖子 #517 ---
Hello dear friends,

First of all thanks for all the comments and answers, I will write you a personal answer as soon as possible. First of all, a nice weekend.

best regards

--- 帖子 #518 ---
usdcad weekly

Greetings Bionics, Great Thread and thanks for sharing. 1 example USDCAD care to elaborate your feedback from the chart attached tq

--- 帖子 #519 ---
Hello phoenix777,

Thank you very much for your kind words and I can only agree with your statement about the Equilibrium. Over the past 20 years, many millions of traders around the world have tried to spot a system in the price history and have not got any further. There is no logical system that always works. This can be seen on most EA's. At certain stages, they make high profits, but fail as soon as the situation reverses.

The goal in trading is to optimize the probability of the trader in his favor. In the many years of my work, I have tried and analyzed hundreds of systems. I did not get any further. So I compared these systems one day. I found the equilibrium with supply and demand as my optimal way to success.

Let us assume that sooner or later critics or haters will come to this page. Here we have to distinguish first. Criticism is always an aid to getting better, and for that I am even grateful if the criticism is constructive and not offensive.

Haters try to destroy, but you can only destroy something that is not fixed in itself. My statements are based on experience, but I have no claim to be correct. There are many ways to succeed. Take the water as a model. It seeks its way where it is easy. Obstacles are enveloped, even if it means a change of direction. What happens over time can be seen in natural wonders like the Niagara Falls or the Grand Canyon.

The path of least resistance is easy but not always easy. Sometimes a detour is required because obstacles block progress. In this way you will discover more and more how to do it easily. They recognize where courage is needed to break new ground.

I do not call my path the only right one. Any trader entering the market has his authority and I would never discuss with him whether his path is right or wrong. After all, it's his own money and he can do whatever he wants with it.

Likewise, I would never make fun of a trader in FF or drag him over. Every human being is unique and everyone is right in his world.
Of course someone can say that my trading style is moronic and you can not succeed. This claim may even be true, as the trader has tried my system and can not cope with it. The correct statement should now read: The trading system with supply and demand is not suitable for me. I can not handle it.
That's not bad. That's why the trader is not stupid or not a good trader. The strategy does not fit. However, that's still no proof that this system is not working. It just does not work for him. That's all.

What is changing now? Nothing at all, because I will continue to act with my system as before.
The nice thing about FF is that if you do not like something, you can still look for something that you like better and what you feel comfortable with. For the information here you do not have to pay anything you just have to decide if this information help you or not. And if it does not help me, I'll just keep looking. For each pot there is a matching lid, which is not always easy to find.

I'm glad if you want to learn more about supply and demand and recommend that you work through the blog from the beginning. There you will find many examples and suggestions about various topics of action. The focus is always on the Equilibrium, but also some important side issues are treated. See FF like a buffet, look at what's so delicious and then decide what's on your plate. I'm sure you might not like everything, especially if you try something new, but you'll be well fed.
I sincerely wish you continued success and many thanks for your approval of the Equilibrium.

Best regards

--- 帖子 #520 ---
Hello Chronus,

Thank you for your confirmation and your kind words. I am very pleased that you can identify with this blog and help you with the information. That's exactly what my intention was when I launched this blog in early 2018. Simplify Forex is my claim, so that complex issues are easily presented. This simplifies my thinking and my actions. And only the things that I understand, I can execute. Nature works according to very simple principles, it is usually the people who make nature seem complicated. In trading there are only two ways, up or down. Finished. But unfortunately that is not so easy, especially if you have just pressed on Buy and the course seems to want down.

However, I believe that with the help of Equilibrium, supply and demand, many things become clearer in trading. However, like everything in life, this requires a lot of time to be successful over the long term.

But we gladly accept this challenge if it's worth it.
I wish you from the bottom of my heart that it is also worthwhile for you.

Best regards

--- 帖子 #521 ---
Still nothing new !!!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Hello dear traders,

The EURUSD is still trapped in a large equilibrium. (green and red drawn line)

This is still evidence of a great uncertainty in the market. Since mid-January 2018, the price war has ranged around the gray line. Since the beginning of March 2018, the rashes over the green and red lines have become smaller. As before, the gray line is the focus here. Many are ready to recognize the end of the Equilibrium, but here I would be careful. At first glance, one could expect an uptrend again, but it remains questionable whether the downtrend is already over. Should the trend now go up significantly, at the latest at the yellow line (above the green line) there would again be a strong supply market, which could push the price down sharply. The first step would be to find out tomorrow morning if the downtrend is still active. If so, the red line could be breached again. As soon as this red line appears as a strong resistance, a downward slide is very likely. However, the uncertainty still seems too great.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

My short-term forecast of the individual time units.

In this phase, it is advisable to look for possible equilibrium in the smaller time units M15 and H1. That could be very interesting for the short term.

Do not be fooled by short-term rashes of high-frequency traders. The long-term trend must first be determined. Then either the trend is set to 1.28 or 1.19. Until then, it is a tough struggle.

Best regards

--- 帖子 #522 ---
Hello Klaus,

considering how you started and what progress you made in a short time, you should be happy about it.
I needed years for the development that you made in a few months because I had no one who could have helped me. Surely there would have been traders, but I was too stupid to find exactly these traders.
You have taken huge steps and it is absolutely normal that at some point you will come to a situation where you think it will not go on.
And then suddenly another little break-through comes up to the next challenge. Unfortunately, life is like that, it goes up and then down again. As in the stock market.
You are on the right path, what is missing now are the 10,000 hours of experience, then you will be a little calmer, believe me.

Best regards

--- 帖子 #523 ---
[quote=RebeccaH;10986742]This is a great string, although I will admit, I'm still reading; started at page one and working myself through. I can verify much of what I've read. I've been trading for 14 years,

Hello RebeccaH,

First of all thank you for the kind and very honest words. I am glad if this blog helps you and I believe that here you get some ideas that you can use. Although I've been living off trading for over 10 years, I would not say that I'm a good trader. I think that has something to do with the claim to oneself. The question is always what you expect and what you are aiming for. The problem with the stock market is that you start from scratch every day, even though you have more experience every day. Trading has changed significantly over the years. The so-called high-frequency traders push the prices up and down within seconds that completely change the laws of 10 years ago. For this I wrote a detailed article in the Post 205 and Post 237. It is becoming increasingly difficult to be profitable under normal circumstances. Despite the crazier situations, I've found that the law of supply and demand never changes. The high-frequency traders can turn the prices briefly in a different direction, but as a millisecond Scalper, they have a big problem: if they are wrong, they lose millions of dollars in seconds. They too are afraid because the market is unpredictable. These traders can influence the market in the short term, but not the big trend. It's still dominated by the big big players, and those are a bit more predictable when you look at them. I find it very impressive that you have been trading for 14 years and still have not given up. They have a very important feature that should serve as a role model for many traders: persevere. Of course, the loss should be balanced against the profit here. They have experience and can build on it. The question is: in which direction should it go? First, one should ask oneself the question: where do you want to go?

You can look at the Equilibrium and see if they can handle it. I can not guarantee that you will be profitable. But it is a possible option. At some point in life, everyone comes to a point where it does not seem to go on. But life does not care, it just goes on and just pulls you along. You can then continue or you just get out. I once heard a nice phrase: Every day you have the chance to start over. Maybe you should throw the old experiences overboard and start over. This could be an option that accelerates the hoped-for success. There are many great traders here, just look around, but beware of the traders who claim their system is the only true. I believe that you are a successful trader who has doubts right now. Arrange your thoughts, make a decision and act accordingly. The most important thing is that you are doing well.

I sincerely wish that you find the right path, the decision you have to make all alone for you.

Best regards

--- 帖子 #524 ---
Hello okshop,

Thank you for the confirmation and your motivational words. I am very pleased that this topic of supply and demand helps you. You are not too sorry to learn, even if you already have some experience. That's exactly what makes successful people. They learn every day. Learning is sometimes very uncomfortable. I'm currently learning java for fun It's a challenge, but it keeps me going and I can understand the code of many indicators a little better. Therefore stay tuned and learn, practice and train. I once knew a 75 year old man who started to study medicine. He knew that he would never practice in this profession, but it motivated him and got him on.
I wish you that you achieve your goals and I am glad that you are on board.

Best regards

--- 帖子 #525 ---
Hello dear traders,

Thanks again for your feedback and your confirmation that this block will help you.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

As we already suspected yesterday, the downtrend was not over yet and the price has now fallen over my drawn red line. Now a little equilibrium is forming again. The market now has a great opportunity for another return. For this I see two possible variants.

Variant 1: The course runs back to the red line and is strongly rejected there.

Option 2: The course makes it to the blue marked line and is rejected there.

Variation 1 would be my favorite to go down with a strong course.

As before, the green and red lines are crucial for a sustainable share price development. Now it is important to observe exactly how the course reacts in these regions.

Basically, my assessment for this year is bullish, now it is important to observe whether the price is up to 1.19 or even 1.179 and then really gas upwards. The big equilibrium since the beginning of the year could be an indication of a small slide down. If so, now is a good time.

I wish you much success

--- 帖子 #526 ---
USDCAD 1.2925 Equilibrium approaching

--- 帖子 #527 ---
Great thread Bionics. I really want to know how can you calculate the Next Candle ? The open price of next candle is clear, it is almost same as the close of current candle, but how about the High, Low, Close price (prediction) of next candle ? And per your calculation, how big is the probability that it will go to the number you gave above (1.28 / 1.19) ?

There is a thread said that around 95% price will close above/below the open price, but this will give us only the information of a bull or a bear state of next candle (doji will hold only around 5%), and not the HLC price it self.

Sup ply and demand are very interesting too, this will give as a prediction where price will go in the future, but do you have any statistic, how much the probability do you have for it to reach that area ? Sequencing bars (some bars in a row, with small body open-close range that build the important area) can help us too, but still can not give us the prediction about the HLC price of next candle, or may be i just can not find the right way to calculate it (by looking at this Sequence bars ...  ...) ?????

Any clue on how you can calculate the HLC of next candle price will be really appreciated ... thank you.

--- 帖子 #528 ---
[quote=newhope;10999513]{quote} Great thread Bionics.

The same procedure as every year

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Hello newhope, hello dear trader,

First of all, thank you for your kind compliment and that you participate in this forum. Your questions are very interesting, which I would like to answer in detail.
The mathematical probability that the price goes to 1.28 /1.19 is 100%. However, this is clear, since we are in the middle of these two prices and a price can be achieved in any case in the foreseeable future. Now, predicting a price, the probability is 50%. This brings us to a problem why 95% of all traders lose money. No one, no computer can make a true statement about a price history. Everything is just pure speculation, but not less. Unfortunately, it is not possible for me to predict the next candle. If there are traders who can do it permanently, I would say my absolute respect.

My assumptions are based solely on supply, demand and equilibrium. These laws of the market apply in all forms of economy and that will never change. With this variant of the market observation, I manage to turn the probability in my favor. Another aspect must not be forgotten. The longer you are with a position in the market, the higher the likelihood that you will lose money. As a scalper, I reduce this probability, because sometimes I'm only a short time in the market. But here, too, the opinions of the traders diverge, which in my opinion is an individual question of faith.

I'll give you an example. The course comes from above and you believe that it is turning upwards at a certain resistance level.
The course brakes exactly on your resistance line and turns into an equilibrium. Now you wait for the optimal entry. Suddenly, the price goes up sharply. This is exactly where many traders are now entering. The big players know that and push traders off their positions with a sharp decline. The traders who have been stopped out now would never dare to press the BUY button in this situation as it now looks like the price is going down.

"A secret of success is to always trade the opposite of what you see. "

But we humans have a problem with that. Try it yourself. You think it goes down and you are trading down. What is happening? The price is rising extremely. You exit immediately and trade high. What is happening? The price drops sharply. You do that a couple of times, then you're served. You have to think anticyclically. So do the opposite of what you see.

You can even try it yourself. Take the Dollar Index and look at it, while depositing your trades in EURUSD. If you act now what you see, you will probably be more successful. But I can not recommend this strategy to you in the long term. In the last 10 years, I have clearly oriented myself to supply and demand and for me this way is the only right one. That does not mean that it has to be the right path for all other traders.

We come to another problem. These are the systems we use to succeed in the forex market. Here's an example: Investor A wants to invest in the best fund. As soon as there is a better fund, he takes out his money and puts it in the better funds. Investor B has his money in a mid-field fund. He leaves his money in it. After 10 years, Investor B has more money in his mediocre fund than Investor A who has always invested in the best funds. Why is that? Because a fund costs high fees.
That's how many traders are doing. You see an interesting blog and get a great indicator there. That motivates and gives the chance to finally make the breakthrough. Now a lot of time and money is invested in the new strategy, until the realization comes that it does not work that way. You are looking for a new system and the whole game starts from scratch.

Now comes a sobering sentence. It takes some 1000 hours of experience to be successful with a system. That is, most people give up too early instead of asking questions and moving on. The moment you look for other systems, you've already lost. That means you do not believe in your own system. I also did that earlier, from one indicator to the next. I just checked, there are 5,660 indicators on my computer. Certainly there are also some double, I'm crazy when I think about how much time it cost.

But it also got the experience that I can not get on with indicators. That's why I've been trading for supply and demand for 10 years. I also only speak of supply and demand and do not look for other systems. Not because they might be worse or better, but because I would need some 1000 hours to be successful. Since I live from trading, I have decided to continue to do so. The greatest likelihood of continuing to do so successfully as before is supply and demand for me as it has worked very well for the past 10 years. However, this is no guarantee that it will continue to work so well.

That's the bitter aftertaste when trading. If 10 times the red number came at the roulette, although the probability that a black number could come, but it can still come 10 times the red number.

Conclusion: Do not handle what you see when entering and act your system long enough to be successful.

You are on the right path if you trust yourself and no longer the indicators. If your feeling gives you more loss than profit, just turn the tables. That is very difficult.
Read the blog of supply and demand a few times and act accordingly. Maybe that's your way to success. I keep my fingers crossed and hope that you will be successful. I wish that to you and everyone else from the heart.

best regards

--- 帖子 #529 ---
Hello Old Friend. Hope you remember me :-)

Hope you are doing well. Good post ...
"A secret of success is to always trade the opposite of what you see. " why? Because...Price has to come down in order to go up Price has to come up in order to go down Someone has to Buy in order for you to Sell Someone has to Sell in order for you to Buy Market is filed with binary decisions... up and down, buy and sell, red and green, profit and loss, support and resistance, support and demand, tops and bottoms, breakouts and bounces, divergence and reversion, explosion and consolidation, acceleration and decelleration, accummulation and de-accumulation, adding in, scaling out, at pivot or not at pivot, at reference or not at reference, positive and negative sentiment, news release at met or not met, talking heads on TV saying buy buy buy and next day saying sell sell sell, previous candle up or down, ema cross up or down, macd showing red or green, overbought and oversold and the list goes on and on. "May the Odds be in your favor" is the biggest lie because your odds for trade to survive has changed the moment you enter a trade. All the analysis in the world that you have done before you enter is OBSOLETE the moment you enter a trade. Expecting a trade to hold on for a bigger RR under the same market conditions is a fallacy! Expecting the same trade setup to continue thru your exit setup is a fallacy.

There is NO Edge (i.e. secret formula or indicator) in the market place as every action we take ends up with a 50/50 probability before costs if you are not factoring what market HAS to do most of the time if not all the time. Taking actions that market is forced to do for it to exist is the ONLY logical way to beat the system.

Trade Small Trade, Often using the law of averages and law of large numbers to your advantage is the only quantifiable edge I could find in the markets within the context of what market HAS to do to enable trade between market participants.

Sorry for the bold and underline. I like to tell people with passion and intention leaving no room for deliberation so they may either take it or leave it. It's a binary decision (again). Everything in life has to be a IF or Else. the moment you introduce a MAYBE, you are f*ck*d 10 ways to Sunday. This has been my philosophy in life so let's stop with all the analysis and "Always Go LONG On Every Down Engulf Candle" or "Always Go SHORT On Every UP Engulf Candle". Obviously there is no edge in doing this or everyone will make trillions but there is an edge if you use this as a starting point for your entries only.

Adios

EDIT:  I will also add that one must not go looking for levels (SR/SD/Pivot/Fibs/OB/OS etc). All that is lagging and after the fact. One must focus on the conditions that create the desired outcome for entry setups. So, in the simple engulf example above, how can one use such a simple concept to determine levels that traders will eventually see on charts to create volatility and liquidity? How can one leverage a similar simple concept to take profits during fake outs or stop hunts (market is made by orders and market makers HAVE to gravitate price towards stops to make the market). Focus on what market HAS to and not some unique once a week/day setup waiting like a sniper with bugs crawling up his ass to make one kill with 99+% certainly. Just saying :-

--- 帖子 #530 ---
[quote=VEEFX;11004065]{quote}{quote} Hello Old Friend. Hope you remember me :-) Hope you are doing well. Good post ... "A secret of success is to always

Hello VEEFX,

I am very pleased to hear from you and I am very happy that you are well. As always, you bring things to the point. This insight can only be had if man have as much experience as you. I think your passion is remarkable, that's what makes a successful trader. No matter which system you deal with, main thing without standard indicators, I can give you absolutely right. There is no system, because humans press BUY or SELL and we all know that man is not a rational being.

Thank you for this post and I hope some traders can benefit from it.

Greet me the sun in the most beautiful country of Europe

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #531 ---
Hello dear traders,

My assumption from the 24.April has confirmed, although my red line was not quite reached, but the course is as expected fell sharply down.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

This has been announced with 5 Equilibrium already slowly. Very extreme you can see it from the two adjacent blue arrows. 1. Equilibrium, then down and up again, 2. Equilibrium, then down and up again, after which the fall came to nothing.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Today then again a textbook trade. Twice the course was pushed down more. (Points 1 and 2) When everyone thought it was going down, the big players (point 3) pushed the price up 70 pips. Why? Now to get a good purchase price again, before it goes down sharply. At point 4 then the mandatory sell limit of the big player who had pressed the course at point 3 strong upward.

At least now you realize why it is so hard to generate profits in the forex market. Unless you know the tricks of the big players. Tempting all traders on the wrong track and then leaving them out in the rain is a popular method to win alone. The fewer traders the big players can follow, the better for the big players.
It is always the same, they observe these processes, one day they will be able to benefit from it.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Since we are now outside of our drawn lines (red, green, gray), I have drawn some new important lines. See when we have a demand market or supply market that answers all questions. Still a bit down, then a small pullback should come again. Depending on how this pullback fails, the 1.19 and the 1.179 could move into the closer focus. With the blue line (1.204 / 1.202 there is again a stronger demand market.) Pay attention to the marked lines, look how the course behaves there, that gives you nice hints on a further price course.

I wish you a nice evening and good luck tomorrow.

Best regards

--- 帖子 #532 ---
Hi Bionics,

Post 532 is excellent, thank you for pointing these things out. This thread has taught me to look for equilibrium, on any time frame. Its also interesting to see how the big players operate.

--- 帖子 #533 ---
Hello Darryl,

Thank you for the kind words and welcome to our blog. I am very happy that this blog will help you. Basically, I can recommend you to work through the blog from scratch. You will find many examples of identification for Equilibrium. In addition, you will receive information about supply and demand and how to deduce potential reversal points. You will get more important information such as: How Big Players work and much more. In addition, there are many interesting and great contributions from our subscribers. I hope that you feel comfortable with us and I am sure that we can all contribute to your success together.

Good luck and best regards

--- 帖子 #534 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Patience in trade is tamed passion

Every trader knows the situation, one has been sitting in front of his screens for hours now and can not find a way to get started. The course may be in a state of equilibrium and does not really want to go up or down.

Time is money, we have been taught again and again. So now I finally have to sell a damn trade, because after all, I also want to make a profit.

Two hours later, the situation has not changed much. Now the course has to break out in one direction and if that happens I want to be part of it and not have to go down. Suddenly the course breaks short upwards. That's where our trader gets in and looks forward to having done everything right this time. The joy is short-lived, because the course stops suddenly and then breaks down sharply. The trader's stop is triggered and with a $ 100 loss he has to watch the price go down 50 pip. Since there is no Puuback, he has no chance to find another good entry. After 50 pips, another equilibrium forms and volatility drops sharply because individual markets close.

Balance: 8 hours serviced and $ 100 lost. Not a good hourly wage.

What did our trader do wrong? He had been waiting patiently and finally had the courage to sell a trade.

I like to compare a trader with the hunters from the Stone Age. This hunter lay in wait now waiting for the wild, animal. Often there was no wild, animal, then he returned home without meat. Sometimes he was lucky and could kill a wild, animal. From time to time a Mamut came the way, but the danger was great to kill himself.

If you are a Scalper, you will spend most of your time waiting, 90% of the time waiting and 10% of the time acting. For that, one particular trait is very important: patience. If, after waiting 8 hours, you feel the pressure to finally have to make a trade, you are not patient. You do not need to trade every day, but only when it's worth it. You can tell that with the Euilibrium very well.

Remember the following sentence: Even a slowman comes to the finish.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Take the EURUSD here an example of the last 8 weeks. High and low averaged 75pp per day. On average we can assume that we have 3 average days per week with 75 pip, 1 day with over 100 pip and a day with 50 pip movement. If we take as an example, the two most extreme days out, worthwhile 3 days on which you can achieve good profits.

For that you need patience and empathy. Watch the market as it has in recent days in different regions (London, USA, Asia) behaved. This often gives hints to the following day. I have fixed trading hours London Open + 4 hours as well as USA Open + 4 hours. When I realize that after the London open not much happens, I'm just free and waiting for the US Open. If nothing happens, I'll quit. That you can see well at the ATR or the volatility.

Of course, there may be strong movements in the short term, but this is less important for me.

With Equilibrium, I draw a resistance line as the course goes down. Only when the course comes close to my line I'm lying in wait. That means the Equilibrium shows me when it is worth trading. That's when I decide when to trade. You will find some examples in the block here.

Take action when it pays and you need patience. Sometimes it takes a while, but the result is worth it.

The word patience is a treasure in trading.

Good luck and best regards

--- 帖子 #535 ---
I like scalping and i enter a trade far before reaching the 8 hours. It is a difference in that what you want. Do you want 50, 60 or 100 Pips or you target 5 - 10 Pips?

Both will work if you can generate profit from it over and over again.

--- 帖子 #536 ---
EURUSD und Dollar Index

Hello dear traders,

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

As already suspected on April 26th at 22:52 CET, there should be a demand market again on my blue line, which means that demand clearly dominates supply. The blue line has almost been reached and the EURUSD is currently in a pullback. Take a closer look at the 4 H chart, where you can see very well that there is another demand market in the Lila line. However, the strong demand market is prevailing at the moment.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Very interesting is the dollar index. Here you can see as well the supply and demand market. It would be advantageous if your broker would currently deliver this price to your chart. In comparison with the EURUSD, there are very interesting aspects, especially regarding the resistance levels. This will often give you a confirmation of whether your resistance line is holding or sustainably broken. In addition, the dollar and euro strength helps in the short-term trend determination.

I wish you good luck on Monday

best regards

--- 帖子 #537 ---
Hello dear traders,

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

the first hurdle 1,199 is reached as expected. We are now in an area where demand dominates supply. Time for a small pullback, until 1.209 / 1.215 and then continue down the journey.

Important resistance lines on the way down

1.1920 / 1.1911

1.1856 / 1.1845

1.1810 / 1.1801

1.1771 / 1.1760

1.1697 / 1.1684

Let's see if the next hurdle of 1.179 can be reached. This move down is a nice sign that the trip is going to go up a lot this year. Whether the 1.399 can be achieved is still questionable, but the chances are good. At the moment the dollar is stronger again, but the demand zones are already in sight again. At 1.17 at the latest there is a strong demand zone, which could bring the price back to 1.255. Once we have overcome this zone, another strong demand zone will be activated, which has been a strong resistance zone so far.

I wish you much success

Best regards

--- 帖子 #538 ---
Speed up Metatrader application

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Hello dear traders,

The decisive factor in trading are the access times to the servers of the respective brokers. This depends on the one hand on the servers of the brokers and on the other hand on your workplace. If the access times of the broker are too slow, you can easily change the broker. Before taking this step, you should check your own performance on your computer and make any necessary corrections.

On my side I can optimize three things:

1.Internet
2.Computer
3.Metatrader 4

Let's take a closer look:

Internet

Basically, I recommend a download of at least 50 Mbit and an upload of at least 20 Mbit. There are several options: cable, satellite or LTE, depending on where you live. This makes it possible to produce a faster Internet connection in the countryside. If you get your Internet via LTE, you should align your outdoor antenna with a special antenna program. The Internet access from the router to the computer I recommend basically a LAN cable, because the download rates are much higher and you have a better stability. If you only have a LAN cable from the router is available, but would like to connect multiple computers to the Internet you can also fall back on a splitter. The distributes the performance like a router on several computers.

Computer

In my detailed post 349

https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...6#post10803976

I have already described what hardware is needed and how to increase the speed of the computer optimally.

Metatrader 4

At some point I noticed that my Metatrader 4 slowed down over time, and after a while I had to reinstall this MetaTrader. This is very annoying at some point and not efficient. On the internet I discover an interesting video that helped me:

How to speed up MT4

Inserted Video

The performance was much better, but I noticed that my CPU was busy. The CPU temperature rose to 75 degrees in peak hours and the computer's fan was running permanently.
That seemed strange to me because I only work with a few auxiliary indicators on my main screens.

So we come to a little tip if you work with indicators. Some indicators consume an awful lot of CPU. Open the Task Manager. Under Processes you can now see the CPU size of your MetaTrader. If you clear an indicator and the CPU value goes down significantly, you have discovered the performance culprit. Find a new indicator or optimize it.

Another tip for metatrader optimization.

I work with 2 computers, each serving 4 screens. To save the performance I work with external graphics cards.
What surprised me was that my Metatrader 4 needed a lot of CPU. I once tried an unusual way. My computer has 4 CPU cores. I took a closer look at these kernels in the Task Manager and found that the distribution of Windows is not optimal.
So I assigned 1 CPU cores to each Metatrader. The result was clear and startling.

1.The performance is much better
2.The CPU temperature has dropped by 30%
3.The fans run much slower
4.The Metatrader reacts much faster.

Since I do not know with which operating system and computer you work, unfortunately I can not show you exact instructions here. On Youtube or on the Internet you will find enough examples how to assign your own CPU to a program.

Unfortunately, after closing Metatrader, Windows does not save the CPU core settings.
But there is a solution:
With the freeware Easytoolz programs can be assigned to individual processor cores. Especially useful: The software integrates itself into the Windows startup folder. The set profiles can be saved so that they are active again after a restart.

According to the computer professionals, this should not be done because Windows distributes the 4 CPU cores individually to the programs. Only with Metatrader Windows does not seem to do it right. I can not tell you why this worked for me. The fact is that things are going better than before.
If you do, please do it yourself and if you know it.

I can finally recommend a permanent temperature monitoring of CPU, GPU and motherboard. The programs can be found on the net.
You may also read my post 349.

I hope I have been able to give you some tips that will make your life easier and give you more security and performance.

Have a nice day
Best regards

--- 帖子 #539 ---
[quote = Bionics; 11020257] Hallo liebe Trader, {image} die erste Hürde 1,199 ist wie erwartet erreicht. Wir befinden uns jetzt in einem Bereich, in dem die Nachfrage das Angebot dominiert. Zeit für einen kleinen Pullback, bis 1.209 / 1.215 und dann weiter auf der Reise. Wichtige Widerstandslinien auf dem Weg nach unten 1.1920 / 1.1911 1.1856 / 1.1845 1.1810 / 1.1801 1.1771 / 1.1760 1.1697 / 1.1684 Mal sehen, ob die nächste Hürde von 1.179 erreicht werden kann. Dieser Schritt nach unten ist ein schönes Zeichen dafür, dass die Reise in diesem Jahr stark zunehmen wird. Ob die 1.399 erreicht werden kann, ist immer noch fraglich, aber die Chancen stehen gut. Im Moment ist der Dollar wieder stärker, aber die Nachfragezonen sind schon wieder in Sicht. Spätestens bei 1,17 gibt es eine starke Nachfragezone, die den Kurs wieder auf 1,255 bringen könnte. Sobald wir diese Zone überwunden haben, wird eine weitere starke Nachfragezone aktiviert, Das war bisher eine starke Widerstandszone. Ich wünsche dir viel Erfolg Mit freundlichen Grüßen [/ quote]

Hello Michael, thank you for your information. They help me a lot to recognize the Equilibrium.

Thank you very much.

--- 帖子 #540 ---
1:0 for the Equilibrium

Hello dear traders,

exactly 22 hours ago I posted the following text.

The first hurdle 1,199 is reached as expected. We are now in an area where demand dominates supply. Time for a small pullback, until 1.209 / 1.215 and then continue down the journey.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

A few minutes after my mail, the course shot up and slightly above my drawn line and then down sharply. During the course of today the price has touched the 1.2090 again and is down again.
Theoretically, we might still see the 1.215 before the price goes down further.
With the help of the Equilibrium you could achieve 1 or 2 beautiful trades with 60 pip each in the last 22 hours.

You see how crucial equilibrium, supply and demand can be. Of course, you can not always predict the course of the course, but from time to time it's worth it.
Let's wait and see if the pullback will continue and make it to a maximum of 1.215. He could probably turn off earlier and continue down the course. We are in a strong demand market, a lot of energy has to be spent to get down to a strong bottom.
I will post the resistance for the next week at the weekend.

Good luck tomorrow

best regards

--- 帖子 #541 ---
[quote=skipper13;11023533][

Hello Klaus,

I am very happy that you benefit from the Equilibrium, because that's why the blog was launched. If you stay tuned and analyze the Equilibrium every day, you will quickly achieve sustainable results. You can always compare your experiences with the blog to identify possible sources of error faster.

Good luck and Best regards

Micha

--- 帖子 #542 ---
Resistance and support lines

Hello dear traders,

attached are the resistance and support lines for the 4H chart and 15M chart. For the 4H chart, I have once shown the main lines between 1.217 to 1,160.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Resistance and support lines 4H Chart

1.2171 / 1.2145
1.2117 / 1.2097
1.2071 / 1.2064
1.2032 / 1.2026
1.1996 / 1.1987
1.1954 / 1.1947
1.1920 / 1.1911
1.1850 / 1.1831
1.1801 / 1.1781
1.1743 / 1.1728
1.1689 / 1.1666
1.1619 / 1.1606

For the short-term range from the 6th of May I have sketched the lines in the 15 M chart. However, the price could move out of these resistance levels later in the day.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Resistance and support lines 15M Chart

1.2028 / 1.2025
1.2017 / 1.2013
1.2000 / 1.1998
1.1992 / 1.1990
1.1981 / 1.1979
1.1972 / 1.1969
1.1959 / 1.1957
1.1950 / 1.1947
1.1943 / 1.1941
1.1937 / 1.1926

Since these are resistance and support lines, you should pay attention to how the course behaves within or along those lines. This is easier to see in smaller timeframes. In addition, the currency strength of the Euro / Dollar, the respective candle strength and the Dollar Index help in the evaluation and decision-making.

I wish you much success

best regards

--- 帖子 #543 ---
Good day Michael,

Thanks for the info, so I can compare with my own S / R

--- 帖子 #544 ---
Hello Klaus,

At the weekend, the S / R lines are usually a little harder to draw than during the week, as we have a break on Friday evening. So there are 48 hours without trade in between. In this trade-free time, many big players pay more attention to world news. In these 48 hours accumulate a lot of messages. However, since there is no market and therefore no price position, it can not be determined how a message may affect a price. At the beginning of the week, there is often a wait and see attitude to see how the market reacts to the past weekend.

Nevertheless, one can anticipate the zones based on demand and supply. A little tip:

On Monday, I will take a closer look at the Asian market in the 5 M chart and determine the short-term price. Particularly interesting are the large price swings, it is easiest to derive the S / R zones.

I wish you a successful week

best regards

--- 帖子 #545 ---
Forecast and reality

Hello dear traders,

Today I want to show you how important and crucial the equilibrium, supply and demand for a trader can be.
Between Christmas and New Year 2017, I analyzed my Equilibrium, which I posted on 01.01.2018 at FF.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

My forecast for the year 2018 was:

Open: 1.19900
High: 1.39900
Low: 1,17900
Close: 1.37600

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I once presented the daily chart of the EURUSD as I saw it on 01.01.2018. There I have drawn my prognosis.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Let's look at the result.If you look closely, there are a few flaws

The Open was at 1.20 and not at 1.199
The course is still a bit down on 02:01:18, until he then rose sharply.
The course ran until 1.255 and not until 1.249.
Nobody can say exactly how far down the course is going.

Nevertheless, the forecast I posted 5 months ago has worked well so far.
Since no one can look to the future and I do not count myself among the top traders in the industry, the result is still amazing.
Of course, there is always a little luck, but I still maintain that you can foretell many things based on the Equilibrium, which then actually occur.
The result has nothing to do with my abilities, I'm a normal trader like everyone here on the net. But I use the law of the market economy of supply and demand. You can discuss it as you like, it works. Not always, but in more than 50% of cases. And that's enough to realize profits in this big shark tank.
If you want to get to know this principle of supply and demand, start in this block and work your way through. When you get back to Post 546 and have questions, I'm here to help.

I've tried over 100 different systems, installed thousands of indicators, and have been acting on this system of supply and demand for over 10 years.
For that reason, I have come to the conclusion that I will continue to do so. I do not say that this system is the best in the world, but I can feed my family and that is crucial to me.

I do not sell seminars or EA's, I do not favor brokers and I do not earn any money by writing in this block. I earn my money through trading. The traders who are looking forward to this information and would like to join this block will gladly receive my support.

I am happy about suggestions for improvement, but I will not discuss supply and demand. The scientists have already done that extensively.

An individual can do little, together we are stronger.

I wish you a very successful week

Best regards

--- 帖子 #546 ---
How did it go?

Hello dear traders,

On Sunday, 06.May 18 I published a forecast for the coming week at noon.

Let's take a closer look.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The prognosis was once set up in the 15 M and in the 4 H chart. I used a 1H chart for a better overview.

The purple lines were set by me for the coming week.

Three more red lines were added by me on Monday, Tuesday and Thursday.
I wrote on Sunday that creating a forecast on the weekend is very difficult and I like to wait for Monday. I want to show you why.

The top purple line was my resistance line which had strongly rejected the course on Friday for the second time. So I realized that this resistance is no longer fresh and the price is unlikely to reach this zone. On Monday, the price rose sharply for a short time and was then strongly rejected. There I drew my first red zone. (Equilibrium).

My 2nd purple line was broken down. After that, the course moved near my third purple line and from that very line it went down sharply. On Tuesday, I recorded the second red line, which resulted from the current price.

At the bottom thick purple line, I realized that there is a large demand market here. When the course reached the zone for the first time, it was turned up. Not so strong though. The course had to go down a bit further. Somewhat outside my lower line, demand was so strong that it made it to my red line on Tuesday.

He was pushed down again, had satisfied all sellers and could then continue his way up.

The course made it almost to my 2nd Purple Line (from the top) and was strongly rejected as expected. There was a strong supply market there. The was as you can see on Monday triggered. Then I drew the third red line on Thursday.

In principle, we had a big equilibrium here until the price finally came back to my red line from Tuesday. There was a big demand market there that drove the course up to my Monday line. There was again a strong supply market, which has strongly rejected the course.

You realize how important in the case was the Monday, there I have drawn the red line and could assume that there is a change of course here.

With these guides, some nice trades were possible this week. As you can see, the guidelines in the 4 H chart are only approximate.

I prefer to draw the long-term lines in the 1 H chart and then go into the 15 M chart. There I then draw in my guides. In the 15 M chart you can make more precise statements about a short-term trend change.

Another important help is the currency strength of the euro and the dollar in the 1H chart. This gives you important hints for the overall trend of a scalper at an early stage.

How important supply and demand can be is shown in the following chart.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

On April 26, 2018 I drew a blue, purple and yellow line in the 4 H chart. If you follow this course, there are some interesting aspects.

Although the price on the yellow line has been heavily depreciated, I could imagine that we only have a pullback within a downtrend. Therefore, I think that it could go a little deeper again. Between 1.172 and 1.179 there is a strong demand zone, which could ensure that we could soon see the 1.28 again.

But these are pure speculations. I wanted to show you these charts to convince you how important supply, demand and equilibrium are.

Of course, I'm not always right, but the odds where I'm right is well over 50%. A good reason to take a closer look at Equilibrium.

I hope that I could help a little further and I wish you a very successful trading week

Best regards

--- 帖子 #547 ---
Greetings Bionics, tq for sharing your experience. Please review chart posted and update tq

--- 帖子 #548 ---
Hello okshop,

Thanks for the nice words and that positive feedback for this block.

In the daily chart, the candles are very rough for me, so it is very difficult to make concrete statements in this chart image. I will try it anyway.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I once tried to draw the most important lines. On the lower red line, one can clearly make out a strong demand market. Therefore, I believe that there will be a strong buyer market in this area. If the price goes beyond 1.208, a strong price increase would be foreseeable, as there is a strong demand market there. I believe the price could turn earlier to mobilize buyers between the lower red and blue line, which could bring the price to 1.28.

However, I do not want to lean out of the window so far. I am Scalper and think in much shorter steps.

Of course, I look at the daily chart, but I recognize the equilibrium much better on the smaller timeframes.

Therefore, this prognosis should be considered with caution. For myself create in the day some predictions that are corrected again and again in smaller time units. I have the best experience.

I hope I could help you anyway.

Greetings and good luck from Monday.

--- 帖子 #549 ---
Great Bionics, super experience you are sharing. May I share H1 EU chart and the potential entry on the chart with a low risk entry? Please comment, TQ again regards

--- 帖子 #550 ---
[quote=okshop;11053563]{quote} Great Bionics, super experience you are sharing.

Procedure with supply and demand

Hello okshop, hello dear traders,

that you work on the principle of supply and demand is definitely a very good approach. However, I would advise against working in a 1H chart with a 5 pip stop because the overview is too inaccurate and volatility could quickly ruin your billing.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I myself work with an overview that shows me 9 different time units. (20 sec, 1M, 5M, 15M, 30M, 1H, 4H, D and WK.
There I use two auxiliary indicators to show me the strong momentum and the trend strength.

In these time units I draw in my lines and balance these lines with the smaller time units. The matches signal me a higher hit chance. My trades are in the 5M or 15M chart. In the 5 minute chart, a small stop is easier to realize.

For entering a trade, I use a specially created dashboard next to my lines.
In Post 264 of February 11th I described this dashboard with indicators exactly.

https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...0#post10767050

My Dashboard is regularly revised and equipped with new projects, so it differs from the post. Nevertheless, the main auxiliary indicators are available in the Post 264.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I would like to briefly describe the essential overviews

Point 1
Here the currency strength in the 1 H chart for the euro (green) and the dollar (red) is shown. This makes it easier to derive the medium-term trend. It is very clear when the strength of the dollar or the euro increases or decreases.

Point 2
The currency strength of the dollar (above) and the euro (below) individually tailored to all important currency opponents. Likewise, an early warning system when changing the trend.

Point 3
The strength of the dollar (red) and the euro (green) in the 5 minute chart. The blue line represents the sum of dollars and euros. Important to quickly identify an Equilibrium. In combination with point 1 a very reliable early warning system.

Point 4
The candle strength in the different time units, including the candle formation as you can see in the chart image.

Point 5
Dollar Index (blue) and EURUSD (pink) brought to a common denominator in the 1M chart to see differences faster.

The basic focus is on my drawn lines which I have coordinated in different time units.

If I have made a line in the 15 M chart and 1 H chart, I switch to the 5 M chart where the line is drawn automatically.
If I can assume that a trend change could take place on this line, I now look at my dashboard. However, that depends on the situation. As a rule, I usually know in advance that a change in trend is announced. Then the dashboard is less interesting for me.

Basically you can say that you can never rely on indicators, but over time you get a feeling for each situation. I draw a lot of lines into my charts during the day, but sometimes I do not enter a trade right there because the situation is not clear enough for me. As a rule, I press on BUY still in the falling market or on sell still in the rising price, if the price comes to a decisive line.

This approach has proven itself, as I am in case of success relatively quickly in profit. After that, feeling is required to stay in the trade or to quit early.
The dashboard has sometimes served me very well. But I do not rely on indicators. They are sometimes a nice confirmation, as they are unfortunately trailing.

An exact statement gives you the current price chart.

But due to the formation of candles, the price chart is often difficult to interpret.
The decisive answer to my questions as to where the trend is lies in the supply and demand of the past prices.

But this is like driving a car, as a novice driver I have to look at the speedometer to know how fast you drive. A driving professional can do that without looking at the speedometer.

So it's like everything: a question of time.

Best regards

--- 帖子 #551 ---
hi bionic thank you for your hard work.i will follow your trade

--- 帖子 #552 ---
Wow amazing. Congrats.

--- 帖子 #553 ---
Hello palpite, dear traders

Thank you very much for the compliment. I am particularly pleased because you have been successful as a professional for many years. Trading is easy, trading successfully is very difficult, but the hardest part is explaining how to trade successfully. But I see this as a challenge.

Sometimes you sit in front of the screen and deliberately do not enter a trade that looks secure. You can not explain why and suddenly something happens in the market and you are glad that you have not entered into this trade.

But how do you explain or write that down?

But I realize that every day it will be easier for other successful traders to get closer to my system.
I am happy for the support and would like to thank all Subscribers once again for the questions and the encouragement. I will continue to provide my experience free of charge and hope to help others. I am also helped by my own contributions to explain why this system has worked for years.

If you look at my first post, which I posted earlier this year and compare it to my recent posts, you will not notice a difference.

Supply, demand and equilibrium are key to success, there are certainly many keys, but I'm happy with the key I own.

I'm happy to bring you the secret of this key and I promise to get better every day to make it easier to explain.

I wish you a successful trading week

Best regards

--- 帖子 #554 ---
In the next weeks i'll test the correlation between the timeframes using moving averages, my intention is for not open trades before the time, for to protect our money.

--- 帖子 #555 ---
Hello dear traders,

on May 13th, 07:00 CET I once tried to draw the next resistance lines in the daily chart. I also assumed on May 13 that the price at this time does not run until 1.213 but already turns down before

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

As you can see that works well in the daily chart. Point 2 could be determined very precisely with the Equilibrium.

As you can see the price went up to point 2 and was strongly rejected. Now we are at point 3. That was 60 pip up and 75 pip down.

At the moment, the dollar has become much stronger again and just a little equilibrium has formed.

Let's take a closer look at the possible pullback.

Actually, the course should fall in the medium term still something to get into zone of the strong demand market, then the course could run back towards 1.28. Nevertheless, one can identify supply and demand significantly better in the smaller time units. We may see the lowest low this year in the next 2 weeksbevor the EURUSD continues its journey upwards.

It remains exciting and we see that it is always a big challenge. Nevertheless, the Equilibrium helps to show the rough direction.

I wish you success

Best regards

--- 帖子 #556 ---
Long-term outlook

Hello dear traders,

Again and again one asks oneself the question, why the course goes up or down now and when there is finally a turnaround.

The answer to this is obtained from the market. Decisive are the supply zones and demand zones. So when does supply dominate demand and when does demand dominate supply?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

For a better overview, I have shown a year chart from 1971 to today.

Let's start with point 1. There is a supply market in this zone, which means that there are fewer traders ready to buy in this area. From point 2 there was a strong demand in the market. There are more buyers than sellers in the market. Similarly, you can see from point 3 how the strength of the buyer increases. This fact prevented the EURUSD from falling below 1.03 and since then has risen sharply.

Point 4 signals a strong supply market, which was intercepted again from point 5 onwards. Now let's take a closer look at point 6. The EURUSD rose sharply to 1.255 and thereafter the price was turned down. You can see very nicely the parallel to point 1. There was also a strong supply market.

At point 7 there is again a strong demand market. The still red annual candle will develop like the candle over point 3 and shoot strongly upwards. Why? Because we have a strong demand in this zone.

Of course, these are pure hypotheses, because no one can predict the market. Certainly not in the long run. But the annual candles speak a clear language of supply and demand since they are more accurate than the monthly candles.

This means we have a strong demand market between 1.163 and 1.184, so the question is: how much does the price have to go down until the strength of the demand market is such that enough buyers get into the market? I think that this point can be reached between 1.172 and 1.179.That could then be the lowest point for this year and up to 1.399 everything is open.

However, I recommend here, as always, the smaller time units to vote with the larger time units. This information is worth gold and helps to determine possible price developments.

So let's analyze the market, then we will record our lines and make a great deal of one or another trade.

I wish you much success and a great trading week.

Best regards

--- 帖子 #557 ---
Turnaround or pullback?

Hello dear traders,

About 40 hours ago, when the price was at 1.193, I predicted that, due to the Equilibrium, the price would go up again between 1.179 to 1.172.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In the 1H chart, the forecast was for the white box at the top blue arrow. The range from 1.179 to 1.172 I have marked with 2 red lines.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

You can see that more clearly in the 15M chart. At 1.176, the trend change came up, at least 60 pip. However, there is still no reason to breathe easy and to hope that the price are going strong up now.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Let's look at the EURO strength (green) and the Dollar strength (red). The dollar is still much stronger than the euro. The dollar has lost much of its strength in the last few hours. As it looks like the euro, it seems to be stronger in relation to the dollar. But the 60-pip increase in recent hours has not been driven by the strength of the EUR, but is due to a weakness of the dollar.

Therefore, I would be careful here already to speak of a big turnaround. As I wrote earlier, there is a large demand market within the range of 1.179 to 1.172.

The problem we currently have is that there is an even stronger demand zone in the range of 1.168 to 1.163.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The question now is whether there are enough buyers to push the price higher or buyers are still waiting. This phase is now particularly exciting and I would recommend watching this phase in smaller time units. If the dollar strength continues to fall now and the euro is stronger at the same time could call the other buyer on the market. If it goes up then, more and more will jump on the bandwagon to miss nothing. That could speed up the price. So let's see if it's a change of course or just a pullback. If the price actually falls even stronger, would be the latest in the range of 1.168 to 1.163 conclusion. There is then a strong sprint upwards.

But let's just wait and see, the chances of a sprint upwards look good, as long as the price is well above 1.172.

It is particularly exciting in all turnaround phases, because the next upward turnaround means that we reached the lowest level in 2018.

Now we hope for the strong buyers.

I wish you a good luck and keep your fingers crossed for us all. The big target of 1,399 is 2,200 pip away, so it's worth taking a closer look.

Best regards

--- 帖子 #558 ---
Why nothing happens?

Hello dear traders,

even if it does not look like it at first sight, the EURUSD is currently in an equilibrium. I once plotted the range with a blue field.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

This situation shows a clear uncertainty of traders. Equilibrium is always a clear statement, because if investors are uncertain, nothing happens. The challenge now is to determine the next direction, since after equilibrium often a sharp rise in price or price drop occurs. A price increases until it enters the offer zone. This means that the supply is greater than the demand. So there are no investors who are willing to buy at this price.

Depending on how strong this offer zone is, the price is strongly or weakly rejected. If the course is weakly rejected, equilibrium will be created. Under certain circumstances, the course must penetrate once again in the offer zone to then be rejected more. Then suddenly more sellers jump up and push the course down.

At some point, the course will be rejected again and there will be an Equilibrium.

The EURUSD has penetrated a demand zone, but this demand zone has not been so strong that it has been sharply turned upside. Now an equilibrium was created.

The price may need to penetrate more strongly into the demand zone to find enough buyers to push up the price. As already written yesterday, the situation before a turnaround is always a small challenge. As scalpers, these equilibriums are interesting for trading, but as day traders they are more of an ugly situation.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Whether the course turns at point 1 or point 2 is not quite clear with the Equilibrium. The stronger demand zone is at point 2, but I still believe that we have almost reached the reversal point.

The course has already run into the red zone, but demand has remained limited so far. Add to that the momentary uncertainty, but that will change quickly. Zone 1,1179, as I worked out of Equilibrium at the beginning of the year, is still interesting. If the course suddenly falls down quickly and then goes back up sharply, that could be a small hint.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The 3 help lines that I have drawn on April 26, 2018, were not quite correct, but they have helped me with some decisions.

Draw your own lines and observe how the course behaves there, which makes some decisions easier.

I keep my fingers crossed for everyone

Best regards

--- 帖子 #559 ---
Hello dear traders,

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

attached are my most important zones for the next days or weeks

1,19692 / 1,19604

1,19116 / 1,19058

1,18548 / 1.18469

1,18176 / 1,18063

1,17916 / 1,17835

1.17704 / 1.17635

1.17367 / 1.17296

1.17193 / 1.17141

1,16749 / 1,16666

1.16402 / 1.16182

Best regards

--- 帖子 #560 ---
How do I increase the probability of winning?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Dear Traders,

If we compare trading with lottery games, there would only be 2 numbers in the lottery game. The number 0 and 1. The probability of winning would be 50%. The higher the probability to win, the lower the profit, because every lottery player would have the same chances. However, trading in the forex market looks a bit different. You press on BUY, the price initially moves up but suddenly the price breaks down and the stop prevents further losses.

Although the trader was right in the beginning, he now goes down with losses from the trade. The same rules of the game apply to all participants in the stock market, but there is a big difference if I'm on the market with $ 1,000 or $ 1,000,000 or $ 1,000,000,000.

In Germany, the most typed number in the lottery is the number 19. Why? Because people like to type their birth numbers and most players were born between 1940 and 1999. Likewise, many numbers between 1 and 31 are typed and fewer numbers from 32. The probability of winning does not affect this, but the win rate in case you win. On April 10, 1999, 40,000 players cheered over five correct numbers and each got $ 200 at the end. At that time it was about the numbers 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 26. Particularly artistic were the numbers of October 4, 1997: 9, 13, 23, 27, 38, 40. "The crosses on the ticket looked a sign and 134 had six correct numbers.

But the absolute record holds the draw of 23 January 1988. 222 players had the numbers 24, 25, 26 and 30, 31, 32 checked. Of course, the payout was very low.

What can we learn from it?

Well, we can not influence the probability of a win, but the odds if we win. For that we have to type numbers that most people do not type.

The same applies in the forex market. To act differently than most people do. What are the consequences? We need to be guided by successful traders and study their behaviors. What do these successful traders do differently than anyone else? Let's just take a look at their trading screens

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Do you see any indicators there, Heikin Ashi or Fibonacci lines? In principle only the pure price chart. Can this work successfully?

MACD, RSI, MA's and all standard indicators should disappear from the screen and pay close attention to the pure price chart. The less distraction there is, the more you can focus on the essentials. The main screen I recommend completely free to draw in your own resistance lines and support lines, which one works out of supply and demand of the market. In addition, I recommend creating your own dashboard. Currency strength, candle strength, trend strength, and the dollar index provide important information and possible projects you are working on.

Now you will say that the big players do not draw any resistance lines and you are absolutely right. But we must not forget an important point, the big players also determine the market. So why should they draw resistance lines if they are the only ones who determine the market.

We small traders do not have these options, so we have to go looking for clues. The big players leave their mark on the market, which can clearly be seen. We must evaluate these traces and use them for our purposes. A successful method for this is supply and demand.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here is an example in the EURUSD in the 1H chart. I have drawn only a few equilibrium (yellow circle) and then drawn a line. Just look how the course behaves on these lines. Whether this is coincidence or not, derived from this one could have done some nice trades.

I do not know many traders who have geared up their trading strategy only for supply and demand, another reason you may want to consider in the future. I would like to give you 3 quotes in the weekend that are close to my heart.

"Cheap winds can only benefit those who know where they want to go." Oscar Wilde (writer)

"There are more people capitulating than those who fail." Henry Ford (American automaker)

"Be patient, all things are difficult before they become easy." French proverb

I sincerely wish you that you can establish yourself in this tough market.

Best regards

--- 帖子 #561 ---
Progonosis 4 months ago and reality

Hello dear traders,

On the 23rd of January 2018 I published in this block (Post 14587) the following post:

https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...0#post10700600

For many years now I am only following the POC principle.

The key "Equilibrium"

1. The price is determined by supply and demand in each market.

2. Any influence on the price will be returned from the price

3. Before the price moves up or down, a balance between supply and demand creates a balance.

4. If this balance is disturbed, the price moves in the direction of supply or in the direction of demand.

5. The price moves as long as supply or demand until there is a balance again. Then the whole thing starts from the beginning.

Most candles are where there is a balance. We do not want to trade there, when the price is not moving very much. So we have to act when there is no balance.

On 15.01.2015 there was the franc shock

Let's take a look at what happened to the USDCHF.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The price slipped from 1.018 in seconds to 0.855 (1.600 pip). But already after 49 days the course came back into the POC zone. What happened? The price went down about 1,000 pip for the next 50 days.

Let's look at the EURCHF

The price dropped within seconds from 1.20 to 0.97. (2,200 pip)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The course has still not made it into the POC zone after 940 days. Now we are nearing a decisive phase. I think we will reach the zone relatively quickly. And then?

Now I recommend you to watch this zone as you enter the course. As it seems, the zone could push down the course and give us some good shorts.

Now let's look at the result 4 months later.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In the daily chart large overview the result looks so far as follows.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In the daily chart small overview, the course is clearer to see, the stop of 16 pip has been a small risk in terms of potential opportunity. So far you could win 270 pip with this information. As I find an interesting chance risk ratio.

How could I know that 4 months ago?
I could not know that, but due to the supply and demand I've been working on for over 10 years, the guess was obvious.
I do not want to express that I was right, but that one should deal with the subject of supply and demand. This information helps every dealer to significantly improve his performance. The principle of supply and demand applies in all currency pairs and can be applied easily.

I wish all dealers a nice weekend and a lot of success

best regards

--- 帖子 #562 ---
Hello dear traders,

in short a little update. On May 17, 2018 at 17:00 CET(blue arrows), I posted new zones in the area of supply and demand. Let's look at how the course has evolved within these zones.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

You can see that the zones are not always exactly caught, here new zones have to be drawn regularly on the basis of the current price course. But roughly, these zones help with a trade decision.

I wish you a successful week

Best regards

--- 帖子 #563 ---
Is that the turnaround?

Hello dear traders,

On the 12th of May I once made an attempt to mark supply and demand zones in the daily chart. I assumed the course was turning at the latest at the lower blue line, as we have a strong demand zone there.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

This zone has now been narrowly reached, but there is still the danger that the course could once again plunge into this blue zone.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

On May 17th I posted the blue zones. The red zones I have drawn later, because the course changed so regularly. The lower blue line corresponds to the blue line in the daily chart. You can see that the line was touched only a little and the course was then immediately strongly rejected.

The thicker red line was twice as strong resistance, but the course has not been deterred. The next destination is the upper blue line. When this is overcome, and holds as a resistance, nothing stands in the way of a stronger uptrend. Then we are back in the range 1.20 and the next goal could be 1.28.

Let's take a look at the currency strength of the euro and the dollar.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The upper two lines green = Euro and red = Dollar indicate the currency strength including all currency partners.

The lower graph shows the current and more accurate strength of the euro = green and dollar = red. Unfortunately, the zero line is difficult to see here.

In the weekly area, you can see that the dollar is starting to weaken, but no specific euro strength is yet to be seen.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

On the daily chart you can see very nicely that both dollar and euro are going down. That speaks a little for an Equilibrium. The euro has already tried to get the curve up, but has failed.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In the 4 hour chart you can see the Equilibrium better. Equilibrium means that the market is insecure. That's a good sign for a possible uptrend. Now buyers have to go into the market to raise the price above 1.20. If this zone is accepted as a resistance zone, we will enjoy a strong uptrend.

Until then I will draw in the smaller time units my zones and adjust regularly. Then it depends on how the course behaves in these zones. From this one can derive possible courses. The time is ripe for a strong uptrend, but unfortunately we have to wait and see when the big players will signal it.

I wish you much success

Best regards

--- 帖子 #564 ---
EURCHF

Dear Traders,

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

As I already wrote 4 months ago I made a forecast in a very volatile sub-currency EURCHF, which has reached 420 pip. There are a few pullbacks, but in my opinion the price will continue to move down. From 1.13 there is again stronger demand, but the currently strongest demand zone is at 1.10.

If the euro should now strengthen again, the CHF would tighten so that the price falls further down. For high risk, this currency pair is quite suitable.

As soon as I have some time I will like to deal with the currency majors. If you have specific wishes, let me know. I will then be happy to locate supply and demand zones and then compare them to your zones.

I wish you a nice evening.

best regards

--- 帖子 #565 ---
...Euro/Usd Sir. Bionics, what are your thoughts on that pair lately, the weekly is showing sings of return to the 1.19xx or 1.18, if it bounce on that red ema 100, tell me your thoughts if you please, thanks in advance....

--- 帖子 #566 ---
sorry forgot chart.....I mean, I know all indis are uncertain but RSI can go lower, can he?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #567 ---
...Also as a coincidence monthly is also at a green ema 30, so could it bounce here, I duno, ideas welcome...thanks in advance...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #568 ---
...Peter Bain used to call it confluence of events, daily is pretty much oversold, based on MACD and RSI, both irrationals indis, but....sorry to explain my view with my strategy but I still studying yours but have not grasp it well enough to explain this true it, sorry....

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #569 ---
Outlook 2018 EURUSD

Hello chonchy, hello dear traders

First of all, thank you for your encouragement and your kind words. I'm delighted that you like the supply and demand strategy and you want to know more about it.

I like to share my experiences and perspective.

Since you have been trading on the stock exchange for more than 10 years, or maybe even longer, besides winnings and losses, you have a decisive advantage over many traders. You have stamina and you are not too bad to take other ways. That's what distinguishes you. I did my first stock market transactions 30 years ago over the phone with my bank. To date, much has become more modern and efficient.

It is not the big ones who eat the little ones, but the slow ones are eaten by the faster ones. The high-frequency traders have noticed this long ago and, with their way of trading, make it hard for the big players in the market.

The entire market has changed enormously as a result of the various dealers that appear in the market. Many years ago I also started to analyze the market with the standard indicators and it has often worked. The MACD and RSI were also a life companion for me, but how many times was the market overbought and still the price went up.

If your competitor drives a 400 HP Ford Mustang, you can not win a race even with the best and fastest racehorse against him.

For many years I have dealt with the big players and analyzed how you do your business. There are no standard indicators and they are not used for trading. The big players know, however, that the small players pay attention to the indicators. Especially here in focus are the Fibonacci lines. These are good entrances for the high frequency traders to stop the small players.

10 years ago, this trend started slowly and I had to think about how I can have a chance in the market to survive in the future. I deleted all indicators from the screen and started over. In the beginning it was hell, because all aids (indicators) had disappeared at once. 5,000 hours later, the first findings came and another 5,000 hours later, the success was there. The road is tough, but it was the only way for me. Sometimes I have the feeling that the big players push the indicators forward to us small traders even better to be able to take the money. They know exactly that many traders hope for a change at the 61 retracement. A good point to stop everyone.

To be successful one should not attract attention and certainly not be predictable. A successful trader must be a perfect tracker to survive in the market.

If you can decipher the tracks of the big players, you know their next steps and can be pulled up or down nicely. You will not notice that as long as the amounts do not go well over $ 1,000,000. Because then you leave even small traces in the market. And the secret is to go undetected. That's why I do not trade with the crowd, but stay where few traders are. Only then will you remain anonymous.

The first step for this: All standard indicators go away and look for clues. I did not get any further with the market analysis, not because it is bad, but because it is not suitable for me. Supply, demand and equilibrium was finally the breakthrough for me. That's why I opened this blog many years later. The Equilibrium also does not always show the right way to a trader and I am also mistaken every now and then. But in more than 50% of the cases, I'm right and with a good Moneymanagement and a very good chance risk ratio, the ball is safe in goal.

Over the years, I've written 3 laws for myself that I've done very well so far.

News

Not the news, but market participants influence the market.

In 2016, Deutsche Bank and many currency experts estimated that the EURUSD would reach 0.95 at the end of 2017. It came completely different.

It is always fun in the evening at NTV (German news channel) to learn why the DAX or EURUSD has risen or fallen. Of course the economy is important in the individual countries, but not for me. For me, how investors respond to the news is far more important.

It does not matter which news is about the ticker. The market is moving because people and computers are pushing the button BUY or SELL. And why are they pressing on BUY or SELL? Because they have an opinion. And this opinion often has nothing to do with the economic data.

Why does Apple share fall even though Apple released a sensational quarterly balance sheet? Well, maybe because investors believe Apple will not be able to make such profits in the next quarter or peak the stock. Anyway, we'll never know.

News causes storms on the stock markets, it often goes up and down. I prefer to wait, because sailing is simply no fun in a strong storm.

Indicators

An indicator does not care if the price goes up or down. It is trailing and less accurate than the price chart. Many traders need security and believe the indicator tells them where the market is going. But the market influences the indicator and not the other way round. That's why I work with auxiliary indicators, which I do not pay much attention to. If I can not trust myself, how should I trust indicators?

Opinion

Since about 97% of all traders are wrong, this means that 97% of all opinions are wrong. That's not bad, because since humans exist, he's wrong. Much more important it would be to set the 3%, whose opinion is correct. But finding them is a challenge. One solution would be to look at what opinion the majority has and then do exactly the opposite. So we should not listen to the crowd, but to ourselves.

Trading is a pure chance game, nobody knows where the journey is going. But with mathematical probability calculation I can beat the coincidence in my favor. The big challenge of trading is not to win, but to behave properly when you are in loss.

Let's come to the specific question of how I see the EURUSD in the future.

At the beginning of 2018 I posted an overview

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The estimate for 2018 is bullish to 1.399

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The possible price course from my point of view in 2018

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The resistance levels in my view in early 2018

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

So far, these have been forecasts that have so far worked well. In addition I have already posted some contributions.
Let's take a look at the daily chart.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

As you can see from the yellow arrow, there was still a strong supply market in this zone, so the price has fallen sharply.
If we switch to the weekly chart, we have a better overview.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In the green line, there was a strong pullback in the week of January 18, 2015. The green line represents a strong resistance zone for me. This zone could signal a change upwards. However, this is always dependent on the market and pure speculation.

I also posted on January 1, 2018, that the price opened at 1.199. He opened at 1.20. I guessed the course runs to 1,249 and then turns. The course even ran to 1.255 and then turned. My estimate was in the lower range at 1.179, the price has even gone up to 1.164. So you can see that you can not always estimate exactly, but about.

As a scalper, this assessment is not quite as crucial as I operate in smaller time units, but a long-term view is always important to the current situation.

What happens next? Now I keep the individual resistance zones in view and now pay more attention to possible buyers. I think there will be a big boost, but the market will be dominated by the big players and they will not buy until the market has served all the sellers. The time could be imminent.

I wish you all a good start and a rewarding exit.

Best regards

--- 帖子 #570 ---
Stock market wisdom, are they still valid today?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Dear Traders,

In recent decades, the investor market has changed drastically. Laws that were still in force 20 years ago are outdated today.

The stupidest forex market wisdom in the world Risk and money management is what boring people, not traders. Always use the full leverage (leverage), because that's what it's made for. Divest profits as fast as you can and run losses. Never look at charts because that's information from the past. The market is your enemy, show him who's the fittest. Double your position after a loss trade to get the lost money back quickly. Always listen to analysts and trade based on their recommendations because they understand the market best. Buy every low / Sell every high because the market keeps coming back. Buy it as soon as the market hits you - every 10 pips. Act according to the motto "As long as a loss is not sold, it is not a loss."
Since the stock market, there are losers, winners and self-proclaimed professionals who could tell you in retrospect why you won or lost now.
Let's not fool ourselves. The stock market is pure gambling and has nothing to do with math or formulas. You can neither calculate the courses in advance nor can you make valid statements about a possible price course.

Prices rise as a larger number of call options outweighs a smaller number of put options (demand dominates supply) and prices fall when a larger number of put options outweighs a lower number of call options (supply dominates demand). Since you can draw as many lines as you want, take all the indicators to the aid, there are only two results in the end. You were right or you were wrong.

It is quite simple: Imagine sitting in a room 100 people you do not know. Everyone has two buttons in front of them Buy and Sell. Now you have to predict if Buy or Sell wins. You decide to buy. The chance that more people hit the buy button is now 50%. If you're right, that does not mean that you're a professional. You were just lucky. Now you have to predict how many people will hit Buy and Sell. You're guessing that 40 people press buy and 60 people sell. The probability that you are right now is now much harder. But exactly this point is crucial. The more people decide to buy, the more the price goes up. If exactly 50 people decide to buy and the other 50 people to sell, then an equilibrium is created.

The stock market is unpredictable, but that's exactly what makes it predictable for some professionals. We can never predict how many buy or sell orders are coming to market, but we can quickly identify equilibrium. And that's our only real chance we have. Equilibrium means uncertainty because the buy orders are roughly equal to the sell orders. It means that there are as many buyers and sellers on the market.

This equilibrium can be a turning point in the market, but need not. Now, if you focus on the equilibrium and analyze it in the market, you know exactly at what time an uncertainty in the market has occurred. This uncertainty occurs in certain price levels again and again and ensures in certain places again and again for a change of course. From this, possible reaction patterns can be derived. This is still no guarantee that you are right or can predict the prices, but it does help to turn the odds in your favor. And 51% (with a chance risk ratio of 1: 1) is enough to earn more than to lose.

You can not be better than the market, the market is always right

No matter what you invest as a small trader, in the long run your own portfolio return will equal the overall market return. An active action can thus bring no advantage. So you do not have to make an effort, trades are what dreamer.
If there are people who are worse than average then there must be people who are better than average. However, the argument often only aims at an upper limit, while nobody seriously doubts that one can be worse. That's why this wisdom may apply to a majority, but not to all traders.

Inside information is worth gold

Suppose you know exactly what information the Fed or ECB will announce next, then it will not do them any good. Why?
If nobody in the market knows at the moment which news the ECB or FED has in their hindquarters, then a market can not react. He only reacts when the "bomb bursts". Until then, the market can react very volatile and unintentionally stop them. And even if the bomb explodes, they still do not know how the market reacts.
That's why I do not necessarily see inside information as an advantage.

Academics are the better traders

The investment is not science, it is a craft. Or have you perhaps observed that academics in particular are good investors? That's not the case. Academics act just as well or badly as people who have not studied. So, if you make that statement, you're either too theoretical about forex, too academic, or simply not aware that there is a gap between general theory and solid practice. Since academics act as well as non-academics, the theoretical advantage seems to be a disadvantage rather than an advantage.

Back and forth bag makes empty

This saying is always used when someone comes up with the idea of introducing a trading approach. The commentators then want to prevent someone from trading already bought currency pairs (from time to time). Because only the passive holding of currency pairs brings in their opinion the highest return. And a trade also costs fees! Back and forth bag is empty "is in the sense of the above opinion just a blanket statement, which testifies to little knowledge about the subject of trading. But even the most fundamentally-positioned investor has to dispose of an investment from time to time. Scalpers in particular only live on being invested in a currency pair for a short time. Of course, if I put on the corrections in a downtrend, this back and forth can quickly lead to significant losses.

"If you have a lot of money, you can speculate; those who have little money must not speculate; If you have no money, you have to speculate. "

If you read this saying somewhere, it is often used in a diffuse trading context. One wants to teach a trading beginner with a small account the fear. He should save even better as long as he has only a few thousand euros. But that is definitely wrong.
Someone who claims this has no idea of the distinction between speculation, trading and investing. Mostly those are beginners who do not think outside the box. They believe trading would be a fundamentally unfluent or even reprehensible endeavor. For a rule-based trader speculation is out of the question. to make money means to make a bet. And you can only bet if you consider your bet as play money or if you have no choice but to take the risk, because there is no money. But if you have to budget, you should not bet. He should act strategically and bring the probabilities to his side instead of putting too much bet on a big but unlikely profit.

Not all eggs in one basket, lack of diversification is dangerous

There are people who believe that it is important to spread their money widely. And they also try to suggest to anyone who does something with stock market. Everything else is really dangerous, it can always lead to a crash!
For years, I have been dealing with the majors primarily with the EURUSD. Secondary currencies leave me outside and also with oil, silver and stocks, I hold myself rather in the background.
Diversification in the EURUSD alone is greater than one would initially assume. Of course, this is primarily the euro and the dollar included, but these currencies are also dependent on other currencies. That alone creates an enormous diversification. For equities, however, that looks different. If you're told it's unprofessional to just handle the majors, let them talk.

Conclusion:

Many stock market quotes have a true core and are helpful in many cases. But the market has changed significantly in recent decades. We must meet these changes by adapting to the circumstances.

Listen to her inner voice and do not let others unsettle you. No matter if you are an academic, a professor, a worker, a merchant or a school dropout. The chances to win more than to lose are 50%. Now it's up to you to find a strategy that will improve your chances.

That was my approach then and with the help of the Equilibrium I was able to improve this opportunity in my favor. Maybe you will find this way, I'll help you with it.

Good luck in the coming week

Best regards

--- 帖子 #571 ---
Hello dear traders,

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

As you can see from the weekly presentation, there is a strong supply market up to the purple line. There is a strong resistance.

Under this line, the strong supply market continues, meaning if the price should break the purple line and accept this line as a dragback pullback that could go further down.

However, first of all, the strong supply market (points 3-5) speaks against it. In the last 3 years, the course has tried again and again over the purple line to come and failed. Only with the points 3, 4, and 5 there was a strong buyers market. That speaks in any case for a strong resistance of the purple line.

At the beginning of the year, I also assumed that the price goes up to 1.179 and then turns again, but if you look at the weekly chart, a lot of things become clear again. That calms me. Learning from this one can just keep track of the monthly and weekly charts. It is also very nice to see how strong the individual weeks went by. Nevertheless, I believe that a strong turnaround could begin. Now we have to pay attention to how strongly the course in the purple line is rejected. There is still room for further downward movement.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here we recognize very nicely that the dollar comes and falls from above. The real weakness, however, is currently triggered by the euro, as it falls more heavily than the dollar. However, the euro is already in a relatively weak phase. Maybe this situation could change quickly. The euro still has some catching up to do. If the dollar continues to fall, a stronger euro would have a good chance to rebalance. That would bring the price up sharply.

I still believe in a bullish year and see this correction as necessary to mobilize more buyers in the market.

We see it is exciting and at the same time nerve wracking. Many hope for a change, or a stronger correction to at least a willingness of the bulls to recognize.

I wish you much success

Best regards

--- 帖子 #572 ---
Pullback or trend reversal

Dear Traders,

In the last 2 days there was some pressure from the bears with 220 Pip and one wonders inevitably if this pressure has led upwards the turnaround.

Actually, the question is wrong, because in the overall trend we are still in an upward trend.

Let's take a closer look at the monthly chart.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

It is very easy to see when supply dominated demand and when demand dominated supply. Since 1971, we have had 3 uptrends and 3 downtrends. Now we are in the 4th uptrend since January 2017. Since then the price has gone up 2,300 pip, the current correction is quite normal.

In the middle of the chart image, I have drawn two green lines that once appeared as a support or even resistance.

This line could also act as resistance in the current price case and push the price further up.

So I still believe in the long-term uptrend, but we know that the price is always zigzagging up or down. Likewise, we know that there are different trends within a price history. The different time units are decisive for this. So it is also normal that the price after a rise of 220 pip, is now in a downward phase again. The art is to determine the trend direction in the time units in which we act.

When I act in the hourly chart, the subordinate trend 5 M and the higher-ranking trend D are a decisive factor for me. This information of the different trends helps me in the decision-making process.

The statement that one should always act with the trend thus always depends on the time unit in which one is.

As a Scalper you are rather short-term oriented and happy about every trend change in smaller time units.

This makes it clear that each trader must draw in his time unit individual lines that may mean a turnaround for him.

Equilibrium is an excellent option.

I wish you a nice rest week
best regards

--- 帖子 #573 ---
I use CCFp for my daily trading and I find your article very interesting. keep it up Bionics

--- 帖子 #574 ---
Which time unit is ideal?

Hello dear traders,

For a long time I searched for my personal time unit, in which I prefer to act. We know the standard time units 1M, 5M, 15M, 30M and so on. Those who were not satisfied with the standard time units had a much larger selection of time units with the Meta Trader 5, but there are still too few brokers who have the MT5 in their program.

So in the end, only the MT4, especially since the supply of support indicators there is significantly larger. As Scalper, the smaller time units have a clear advantage, so I only got M1, M5 and M15. The M1 is too volatile and too inaccurate for me. Since I would like to have a look over 2 days in a time unit, the M1 is out of the question.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

With the M5 we have the same problem, the bars are just too small to get an overview over 2 days.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The M15, on the other hand, is too big again, an equilibrium can be identified much more difficult here, which often makes the drawing of the lines impossible.

I was not satisfied with that, so I was looking for an optimal combination. The middle would be the M10, but just this time unit was out of the question for me.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

It may sound strange now, but my preferred time unit for trading is the M8 and not the M10.

I would like to show you once the difference between the M8 and the M10. As an example we take the last 2 trading days in the EURUSD.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

On the left side you see an M10 and on the right a M8 Chart. Compare the points 1 and the points 2 together.

What is striking?

In the 10 minute chart we see stronger wicks than in the 8 minute chart. Especially the Wicks are often important to identify an Equilibrium. The bigger these Wicks are, the harder it will be to draw resistance lines. Now you might think that this chart image was just a coincidence, so let's take a look at the next day.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Again, you can clearly see that the Wicks in the M8 are significantly smaller than in the M10. If you look again at the M5 chart (slide 1) you will notice something. Curiously, we also have very big Wicks there, although this time unit is clearly smaller than M8 or M10.

Big Wicks are therefore counterproductive to see at a glance if supply dominates demand or demand dominates supply. So you have to find the time unit, which gives you an overview of the price history within seconds. Of course there are bigger wicks in the 8 minute chart as well, but compared to the 5 minutes Wicks they are usually smaller and the overview is much better. With that, I have created a good basis in the 8 minute chart to capture my personal equilibrium in the short-term, which shows me future resistance. To throw this 8 minute chart on your screen, proceed as follows.

You open a chart in the M1. Under Navigator you open the Period Converter under Scripts and enter the number 8 under Period multiplier factor. This means that the 1 minute chart is multiplied by 8. Now go to File: Open Chart offline. Now look for the EURUSD M8 and open this chart. Please note that you must not close your 1 minute chart, so that the 8 minutes offline chart is not interrupted. Of course, you can also insert saved templates into the offline chart.

Equally interesting is the 8-hour chart, which you can create on a H1 chart with the period multiplier factor 8.

Just try it if you can handle it better. The only thing you can lose is time, which is precious, but if you can use it more efficiently, the time spent is worth it.

I wish you a nice weekend
Best regards

--- 帖子 #575 ---
Hi Bionics, i have an question about the CDF's .Tthis only go to up or is my impression?

--- 帖子 #576 ---
Hello LoganX

Thank you for your support and approval. The CCFp is a very good help indicator for the individual currency strength. Of course, like all indicators, it also trailing, because the price moves first and from this the currency strength is derived. However, if one looks at this indicator in all time units at the same time, one can deduce possible consequences from this. That helps a bit in the decision-making process. I am glad that the ideas help you and I would like to continue to post my experiences.

I wish you a successful trading day

Best regards

--- 帖子 #577 ---
Hello palpite,

I hope you are fine and I am looking forward to hearing from you. Thank you for your question, which I would like to answer, but I'm not sure if I understand you correctly?

Tthis only go to or is my impression?

Could you please explain to me exactly what you mean by that?

I wish you a successful trading day and I look forward to hearing from you.

Best regards

--- 帖子 #578 ---
Dear Bionics, do you have any info or insights on put and call option and its expiry, how it effect price e.g. on EURUSD. tq

--- 帖子 #579 ---
Hello okshop,

look at Trading View, there you have to find everything.

https://www.tradingview.com/symbols/EURUSD/

I hope this helps you.

Best regards

--- 帖子 #580 ---
Yes, if the CDF's only go to up, because i'm looking the charts and not have the tendency bearish. Only pullback and up move. This is normal?

--- 帖子 #581 ---
Hello palpite,

no that is not normal, I also trade CFD, so far I could not find such a thing.

However, this is always a question in what time unit and in which currency pair you are.

Maybe you can post a few examples, then I can write you something.

Best regards

--- 帖子 #582 ---
Importend Equilibrium

Hello dear traders,

Now that the price has fallen from 1.255 to 1.151, there has been a stronger upward push at the end of May. This upward push has now passed into equilibrium in the last 3 days.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

This means that buyers and sellers agree. After equilibrium, the market decides the new direction. The trend looks bullish, but this situation can change quickly.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

An interesting feature has occurred after the stronger increase from 1.15 to 1.167. It formed a strong equilibrium in the M8 chart. This Equilibrium has been a recurrent destination for the last 3 days. Today's increase of over 80 pip have already come back, right up to our equilibrium. So you can see that you can only do interesting trades with a single equilibrium. The course comes again and again in this zone of Equilibrium, shows the strength of this zone. In this zone, buyers and sellers agree, because there supply and demand are congruent. Now investors have to make a decision. But we should be careful. Often there is a Fake breakout in the opposite direction. I also believe that the big players push the price down again to buy cheap. Then a strong uptrend could follow. Look at the equilibrium emerging in the market, this market uncertainty gives us the security to do the right thing.

Good luck tomorrow

Best regard

--- 帖子 #583 ---
Ok, thank you.

Good analysis.

--- 帖子 #584 ---
Gap in EURUSD

Hello dear traders,

on May 25, 2018 at 23:00 CET, trading started the weekend after a downtrend. 48 hours later on May 27, 2018, trading at 23:00 CET was 37 pip higher.
A gap of 37 pip had formed. If you can trade a gap profitably, this is a question that daytraders are especially concerned with trading on the stock market.

What is a gap?

GAP comes from English. In short, it is a "gap" and is used in the financial sector for a price gap. This is visible in the chart image and can arise for several reasons. In the so-called order book, a large number of market participants are frequently available on both sides (supply and demand). Thus, only one GAP can arise if there has been a massive movement and no further market participants were in the order book at points further from the price.

There are several gaps: If the GAP moves in the trend direction and the market moves quickly away from the GAP, it is, for example, a break-away GAP. Likewise, a Measuring GAP can even confirm the trend. In contrast, an Iceland GAP or an Exhausting GAP is a hallmark of directional change. However, we do not want to deal with that today, just as little as a gap can be closed or not. By the way, in 90% of the cases a gap is closed, the question is only when? These are pure speculations for me, which I do not want to deal with today. Nevertheless, these gaps can provide traders with interesting information about a future price history. Let's take a closer look at this gap from May 27, 2018.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here you can see how the gap has expired. In principle, you would have to draw a bullish green candle without shadow into the price gap. This candle was 37 pip. I have now drawn the range of this candle into the future and let's take a closer look. By the time the gap was created, the price of 1.255 total 910 pips has fallen. This gap was a small alarm signal for me, the bulls are slowly warming up. Of course, the course went down even more, but then formed the bulls and pushed the price massively upwards. It is interesting how the course has reacted within this range. After the course has penetrated into the range, you can see very well that this range has occurred as a kind of resistance. Of course you can not derive any generalization from it, but you can make an interesting discovery of it.

Take a look at strong price moves up or down. You will notice that this price level from which the price has gone up or down massively is a kind of resistance zone.
This gives us some information to anticipate possible price movements ahead. Especially if you pay attention to the Equilibrium and their strategy is oriented to supply and demand, these price levels will provide you with important information.

This information increases the likelihood of making the right decisions and 51% is enough to earn more than to lose.
I hope you got some ideas, now it's time to take a closer look at the market.

I wish you much success.
Best regards

--- 帖子 #585 ---
Hi Bionics, look the US-500 since 2010, only have the up trend. I asked about it, and if it can go to down someday.

Chart Monthly
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #586 ---
S&P 500 versus EURUSD

Hello palpite, hello traders,

I agree, now I understand what you mean. I thought about what currency pair you could have meant.

The S & P 500 is made up of 10 industries. The technology sector (weighting 19.4%), the financial sector (16.1%) and the health care sector (13.7%) lead the industry list. Together, they have a market capitalization of just under 50 percent of the US index. If these three sectors move up, corrections or bear markets have no chance. Since 1927, corporate profits have risen on average by 6%. The profits of US companies are currently rising sharply. I believe that in the first quarter of 2018, the companies represented in the S & P 500 Index achieved a plus of more than 20%. So it's clear that the price is rising rather than falling. Basically, the question is how long these corporate profits can rise so much.

The S & P 500 is heavily tied to stock prices and there have been fewer swings in the past 50 years than in the EURUSD currency pair. The Dax is also equity-oriented. The Dax is said to follow the S & P 500 and when the S & P coughs 500, the Dax has severe pneumonia. The S & P 500 is the more modern index compared to the Dow Jones Industrial Average and represents around 75 percent of the US stock market capitalization. The composition of indices should reflect the market in such a way that the development of the considered market is reflected in a representative way.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Although you can not compare the S & P 500 with the EURUSD, I have compared the price history of the last 50 years. As a Scalper I need a higher range of variation to be successful. In addition, I work with the Equilibrium which means I pay attention to supply and demand. From this I derive my zones and am thus able to accurately recognize and act on specific trend changes. The S & P 500 is in a range it has never been before. So I lack important clues to capture supply and demand. That's why the EURUSD is more interesting to me than the S & P500 / Dax.

Of course there were zones in the EURUSD that the price has never reached. However, at the moment we have enough resistance and support zones that we can identify by supply and demand. Maybe this way would be easier for you, but you have to find that out for yourself.

Currency pairs are influenced by external factors that affect the value of the currency. The EUR / USD is subject to fluctuations caused by different key interest rates, which are determined by the European Central Bank (ECB) and the Federal Reserve (Fed). Any ECB market impact to strengthen the euro would most likely lead to a rise in the value of the EUR / USD. If, on the other hand, the Fed tried to strengthen the dollar by influencing the market, the value of the EUR / USD would probably fall.

The euro is one of the seven major currencies traded with the US dollar. EUR / USD is the most traded pair in the forex market. It is commonly regarded as the most important and most liquid currency pair, as the euro itself is considered the world's second most important reserve currency (after the US dollar) and the second most traded on the forex market. These factors make it easier for me to make decisions. That's why EURUSD is my first choice.

If this information helps you a little further I would be very happy about it.

I keep my fingers crossed and wish you much success in the trade.

Best regards

--- 帖子 #587 ---
Ok, thank you, this solve my doubt. The industries not want loss money, of course.

--- 帖子 #588 ---
Being well informed does not mean knowing a little about everything,
but all of a few things, assuming they are the ones that matter.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Hello palpite, hello traders,

I am happy if this block helps you. Each Brocker has countless currency pairs, indizes, metals, commodities, options, futures and stocks.

Each of these investment opportunities contains a variety of factors that are important to trading success.

For the EURUSD other factors are decisive than for the EURCHF or for gold. Behind it is always a lot of information news and investor behavior. Keeping an eye on everything and orienting yourself is impossible.

That's why Equilibrium is the only way I can trade different currency pairs profitably.If you have a little experience, you will be able to grasp the approximate range in which a currency will move during the day, so you can choose the currency pair that has the most potential. When you draw a resistance zone in a currency pair, it usually takes a few days for the price to return to that resistance zone. It depends of course on what time unit I move me.

If there are no good entrances in a currency pair, it makes sense to look for possible entrances in another currency pair.

With the Equilibrium I only need my pure chart image without indicators. So I can quickly and efficiently capture if and when a trade in this currency pair is worthwhile.

In this blog is described in great detail how to trade the Equilibrium.

At the weekend I will write about it once again a detailed article on how to start just with the Equilibrium.

I wish all traders every success today

Best regards

--- 帖子 #589 ---
Easy Equilibrium

Hello dear traders,

Before we get to the very core of the matter, we have to briefly deal again with the market economy. As you may have already seen in the video on page 1 of my blog, the market is always the same in terms of supply and demand.

The EURUSD is primarily determined by the big players, let's take a closer look at that in the first step. In 2018, approximately $ 6,000,000,000,000 a day was converted into the foreign exchange market. The EURUSD has a share of about 25%. Thus, daily $ 1,500,000,000,000 is traded in EURUSD.

Now I have determined how high the average Pip per day is in the EURUSD. I have calculated the average of the last 10,000 candles.
On average, 90 pip are reached per day, 16 pip per hour and 2 pip per minute. It does not matter if the price is up or down. Since the price fluctuates every second and a minute candle does not generally go up or down, it can be assumed that at least 5,000 pips of fluctuation in the EURUSD will be achieved per day. Dividing the trading volume of $ 1,500,000,000,000 by the 5,000 pip volatility, a frightening insight comes to the fore.

To move the price around 1 pip $ 300,000,000 is needed. However, one can not analyze this in such a concrete way, as it always depends on how many participants are buying or selling in the oderbook. Now that you know that there are sometimes breakouts of 30 pip or more, you know roughly what money is being moved at that moment. So you can be sure, even if you shoot $ 100,000 in the market, no one will notice.

Take two market participants. The price of EURUSD is $ 1.20. Big Player A believes that the price will fall and Big Player B believes the price will rise.
Big Player A invests $ 900 million on a falling course and Big Player B $ 300 million on a rising course. What will happen? The course will fall. If both invest an equal amount at the same time, equilibrium is created and the price is still $ 1.20. But, strictly speaking, that's not true, as both market participants have different fees and thus one investor invests more than the other.

Take the $ 1.20 equilibrium zone. This means that market participants are in agreement and there are just as many buyers as sellers. Now some buyers are getting off and more sellers are entering the market. We now have a supply market and the price drops to $ 1.19. At $ 1.19, many sellers get off and some buyers come into the market. The course stops and in this zone an equilibrium is created again. More buyers enter the market, creating a demand market that will push the price higher again. The price rises until an equilibrium arises again, where buyers and sellers agree. Then it goes up or the course falls.
Since indicators have a trailing character, one should give the pure price chart the greatest attention. A price does not rise because the faster MA cuts the slower MA, but because more market participants believe in rising prices and therefore buy more traders than sell. But what happens if the price increase is just a jiffy break or a pullback? You can not see that either with indicators or the price chart. Even the order book, volume profile or footprints do not help there.

The only chance here is the price levels that signal me support or resistance. Decisive for this are the supply zones and demand zones which are analyzed with the help of the Equilibrium. And that has nothing to do with indicators, order books, volume profiles or footprints.
Let's start with the EURUSD in the hourly chart on May 25, 2018.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Once I have highlighted all the candles from 30 Pip within an hour in color. The 30 pip refer to the open and close, high and low is less crucial. These so-called color breakouts have the habit of always breaking a strong resistance zone. This means that within this breakout zone there is a resistance line that may once again play a crucial role in the future. In principle, the breakout I mentioned is a big jump or a dip in price, because after all, this candle has formed within an hour and not within minutes. The course is clear and in relation to the other candles, the color-coded candles stand out clearly from the gray candles.

In the upper and lower chart image you will see two yellow resistance lines from the past. I have drawn these lines on the same principle, which I will now explain below. Now we go on the search of the possible resistance zone, which is broken with my color-marked candle down or above.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Let's take a look at the first color-coded candle. We can clearly see by the yellow arrow next to the green candle what happens. The result is the gray candle, which lies in front of the green candle a kind of equilibrium between the open and the high. The course goes up and is rejected again. Actually, you would have to red color this wick, because the close of this candle, the course has gone from high to open and this state is bearish. On February 14, 2018 wrote about a blog.

(Post 298)

https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...0782522http://

To draw in my resistance line, I need a "red wick" that appears in front of a strong green candle. At the Open and High I draw in my two lines. If you now go into the past, you see clearly that these lines already have a kind of resistance. With the first blue arrow on the far left, you even recognize 6 equilibrium within this zone. Recognizing an equilibrium in the hourly chart is a small challenge, since the formation of candles is arbitrary due to the time unit. I think you can still see how strong this zone is.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Candle 2 is a bearish candle and we even find two strong resistance zones here. Here we basically need "green wicks" which are always below a candle. At the low and the open I draw in again my two resistance lines. That's where the Equilibrium came to be, and then there was a demand market. Again, you can see clearly that within these two lines the course was rejected and it is a strong zone.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Candle 3 would actually need to push the bottom resistance a bit higher, but the previous red candle was so strong that I did not use it. One of the reasons was the strong equilibrium at the red arrow. So I have now drawn two more lines at the candle No. 4. Now I still draw my zones according to this principle with the candles No. 5 and No. 6 and then we look at the result once.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I believe that you agree, the result is impressive. With just 6 candles you can find very good resistance zones and prepare some nice trades. Let's go to the candle No.7.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

This is a strong candle and it is noticeable that the already indicated resistance levels of candle 5 and 6 are confirmed once again. However, even with the two yellow arrows, you can see that we have another strong zone in the future. Actually I should have pulled my blue resistance zone to the middle of the candle No. 7, but here there was a resistance at candle 6 I deducted. (right yellow arrow). This also predicted the last resistance (right blue arrow).

Let's start fine-tuning in the 1 H chart and go back to candle 1.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here you can see at A, B and C I drew three more blue lines. The principle described above is exactly the same. Only at A is the bearish candle less than 30 pip. Again, the resistance zones work properly. This kind of resistance zone analysis works in all time units, but the smaller the units of time, the more attention you should pay to the overall trend. A good alternative would be to draw the coarse and medium resistance zones in the 1 H chart and then switch to the M 15.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here we see the concrete result in the M 15 chart. The red zones were plotted on the same principle, but in the M15 chart. This gives me a better attitude and thus a better start. As a Scalper you can achieve very good results in the M15 and the M1.

How do I choose the optimal entry?

You have two options. You put a limit order in the middle of its resistance zone and the stop just above or below the zone. The second option is to wait and see how the price reacts and to go up after the first pullback, so that you lose important points.

With this Equilibrium system, you can quickly see if the trend has changed or if it's just a pullback. If a price change has occurred, simply draw two lines on the trend change and look in the past. With the system I'm explaining to you today, it will certainly make it easier to see what's going on.
Explaining an expired chart is always easier than predicting the future. Try it out for yourself now. Download my zip file at the end of my article. In it you will find the Average Candle and Momentum Candle Indicator. Load the indicators into your MetaTrader 4. Open a chart with currency pairs in the time unit of your choice. First, load the Average Candle indicator into your chart image and enter the following values.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Average candle indicator

These are the average pip in this case from high to low. In the timeframe, enter 0, then the average pip will be selected in each time unit. I like to take the last 1,500 candles, but you can enter any value here. After that, you can still choose the color of the size and location of the ad. In our case, the average candle size (high to low) of the last 1500 candles in the 1 hour chart was 15.44 pip.

Momentum candles

Go into the setting of your Metatrader 4 and set the color of her candles to dim gray. Now all candles should look like my right picture. Now go to the Momentum Candle Indicator and enter twice the value of the Average Candle Indicator. (in our example 30) Then set the colors for the bulls and the bears.
Now on your chart picture, the candles are highlighted in color, which are at least 30 pip and the chart image should look like the first picture I uploaded in this post.

Remember to change the setting of the Momentum Candles when switching to a different time unit. You now have the pure chart image with gray candles and the strongest candles are highlighted in color. Now proceed according to my described system. Just start in the past. Just record two resistance lines and see how the course has behaved against these resistance lines. It's hard to start, but I promise you interesting discoveries.

If you have any questions, I am at your disposal and if you make interesting discoveries, I would be very happy to hear from you.
I wish you much fun and much success.

I appreciate your feedback.

Best regards

Attached File(s)   Indicators.zip

12 KB
|
883 downloads

--- 帖子 #590 ---
Hello tipsonpips,

First of all, welcome to our blog and thank you for your kind contribution.

You're only a few months with FF, but you seem to have gained a lot of experience. At the beginning of a trader's career, you first look around the market and listen to 1,000 different opinions. One tries to implement selected strategies, changes them and finally starts all over again. It's a journey that never end, because every opinion is different and there are millions of strategies. From the multitude of information one begins to implement his own strategy and to optimize it. At some point you have found your way to pursue this path. I thought about it for a long time before I published my first post here in January 2018. First, because there is a counter statement to each statement and second because I was not sure if the way I go for many years for other traders is the right one. Another challenge was to explain my trading style exactly. For many years I already act intuitively without thinking about it. To put into words this intuition is difficult.

There are many successful traders at FF who achieve extraordinary results with indicators, volumes, footprints or the Oderbook. I think that everyone has to find out his style and someday he has to continue on this path, provided that he earns more money than loses. I have big respect for every trader, no matter how and why he acts.

If I can help this dealer with information, I am glad. If the merchant does not help my information it is also an advantage for the trader. He now knows that my way is not suitable for him and can now continue searching in peace. If you look for a particular address below 1000 addresses, and you do not find them immediately, you should not be annoyed. The more addresses you analyze, the closer you get to your destination.

I wish you that you come closer to your goal and I would be happy if I can contribute to it.

best regards

--- 帖子 #591 ---
Hi Bionics,

sorry to step in to your thread but I'd like to correct what you've said about equilibrium and about the way how and why the fx spot market is moving.

Unfortunately your assumption about what is causing market equilibrium is not correct. Sellers and buyers will NEVER meet as market participants. The simple evidence for that is spread. How the hell they could make any trade together and make equilibrium when price have a difference in form of spread between Bid and Ask? And so due to spread existence their orders won't never be "paired" (unless the traders in your example do not use some bucket shop brokerage ) and so simple orders difference can not really have influence on the market i.e. more buyers does not necessarily means the price will go higher and vice versa.

What potentially does equilibrium are actually limit orders and market makers providing the liquidity through them. Liquidity provided to the market in form of limit orders is what can eventually make some sort of market equilibrium, not balance of orders or balance of volume of market orders. Market orders move the market but only in the way where is the least liquidity. It's different concept than in stock market but this is really basic concept of FX spot market one should comprehend. It's crucial to know this FX spot market mechanics how and why is price really moving. And it's actually quite dangerous to teach the way how to spot the reversal points without that knowledge and without access to full order book, because order book is the only source where one could find real potential reversal points. Full order book is something one can never get neither from the retail broker nor from prime brokerage. Without it it's just guessing, that's why I quoted it as to be dangerous.

Simple example: even just 1 selling order of 1 lot can easily move the price when there is no buying liquidity even in the situation when, at the very same time, there is simultaneously put 100 lots of buy orders when there is enough liquidity available to fill the buy orders. So in this example we have 1 lot selling pressure and 100 lots buying pressure but price could easily go down despite the fact that there are much more buyers than sellers.

--- 帖子 #592 ---
This is one hell of a post ! Well written and a must read. Kudos!

Sorry to say Bionics. You are simply wrong about the application of core principles of supply and demand. The FX market macro and micro structure simply does not support such theories. All such strategies are simply cooked up to tell a story to spot FX retail traders and attract a following on forums. They never work and none of such threads come with any hard evidence of long term sustainable performance. I am desperately hoping you can be the one to prove me wrong.

--- 帖子 #593 ---
Dear mcquak,

First of all thank you for your contribution and your point of view. I am very pleased that this blog has caused you to write your 13th post, which you have published here at FF over the last 5 years. I am very honored. Criticism is a help to get better, so first of all many thanks for your effort.

Basically, you can discuss or refute any statement, it is always a question of what someone says and what the other interpreted from it. If you write that it is dangerous to make certain statements, you are assuming that our mature traders, because of my statements such as lemmings from the mountain into the abyss to overthrow. Thus they question the level of the traders present here considerably. I find that somewhat questionable.

If it were dangerous to make a certain statements then you would have to criticize most of the posts in FF, since every trader has his own opinion. The factors that arise within a trade in the market are so complex that one unfortunately can not easily explain them. If that were possible, one could also develop EA that could calculate these factors and implement them profitably. This EA does not exist and will never exist. Since trading is a pure chance product, one can only try to influence the probability in his favor. That's exactly why this blog was opened. Every trader has his own view on how the stock market works and I accept and appreciate their opinion, but I kindly ask you to accept my point of view as well. By no means do I want to deny your knowledge.

There are very good theorists in the stock market that can not trade at all and just as many very good traders are the less good theoreticians.

Criticizing is always easy, doing better is the challenge.

Since I think that they certainly have many good approaches, you should write after 5 years at FF maybe even a separate block so that other successful traders can benefit. Because that's exactly what FF got into life.

Best regards

--- 帖子 #594 ---
[quote=VEEFX;11152816]{quote} This is one hell of a post ! Well written and a must read. Kudos!

Hello VEEFX

You were the first to praise my first post on supply and demand, even though you have a different opinion. I appreciate your statements very much and I like to hear your opinion on certain topics. That does not mean that I have to share that opinion 100%. For many 1,000 years, it was also believed that the earth is a disk. Despite all the theories in the stock market, the majority of traders still lose money. If science explains that something does not work, that does not mean it will work someday.

Let us take as an example the fundamental analyst davit, who also has his attitude and opinion on the market. You two did not always agree, but who is right now? I think that is completely irrelevant if someone is right, cleverer or can actually explain the market better. Maybe I can not express myself as chosen due to the language differences, as in my native language which makes communication much more difficult. I also did not launch this blog to prove my theories and opinions, but to show other traders my way of trading. My first post I published in January 2018, a very esteemed member Hanover who unfortunately is no longer active, had inspired me to do so.

I also think it's not reprehensible to give the traders a system with which they can draw lines to see how the market responds. I never said that my system is the best in the world, but I show how I look at the market. You do that too and I accept your opinion and do not explain that you are wrong. There is no right and wrong in the market.

Maybe I'm just creativ and have no idea. I think that would have someone to tell me earlier and not only in the contribution No. 600.

Best regards

--- 帖子 #595 ---
Bionics, it seems you took my comment too much personally. Perhaps due to my poor english.

To all your personal insults: If I would evaluate anyone per his/her existence here on FF and per number of comments he/she provided than I would be quite sceptical to strategy being taught by someone whos account was created half a year ago .

Back to the topic. What I wanted to highlight was that your assumption about fx spot dynamics, i.e. what ( and how ) drives currency spot market, is wrong, it simply does not work the same way as stock market as you are expecting. And because you've built a "strategy" around these wrong assumptions I wanted to express that it's simply dangerous.You can draw how many lines you want but liquidity will always rule the market.

I promise, this is my last contribution to your thread.

--- 帖子 #596 ---
[quote=mcquak;11154059]Bionics,

Dear mcquak,

the problem seems indeed to be the translation. I did not want to insult you in my post and if that comes across as a result of the translation I am very sorry.

I just expressed my opinion. Likewise, I wrote that, in my opinion, you have a high level of expertise that they should make available to others.

I understand your skepticism due to the fact that this block only existed for half a year. However, I live for many years of trading and unfortunately only in January 2018 FF wrote the first post.

I also understand that you as a professional irritated because I act contrary to the known opinion. Maybe this aspect is the recipe for success.

That's exactly the point in the stock market, two traders are completely different, but both are successful.

Nevertheless, I thank you again for your statement and of course I will think about it.

Thank you and best regards to Prague

PS: We do not live far apart

--- 帖子 #597 ---
Easy Equilibrium the next part

Dear Traders,

The instructions in the post 590 was a first approximation to the Equilibrium and a rough analysis to show you which power can have certain price levels.

A sharp rise or fall in price means, in a sense, a high expenditure of energy in one direction or the other.

This sharp rise or fall is said to break certain resistance zones with a high force to reach the target. We need to find exactly these resistance zones, as these zones can play an important role again in the future. In the post 590 we first determined the average pip size with the average candle indicator in a certain time unit and then let us show the largest candles with the momentum candle indicator in color. From this, zones were identified which, in a sense, are called coarse zones in order to get to know the Equilibrium system.

If we have an average pip size of 15 at EURUSD in H1, but only the color of the candles that reach a pip size of at least 30 we will not find all  important resistance zones. That is, to find the most important resistance zones within a time unit, we need to reduce the pip size in the Momentum Candle indicator to a certain size. Before we realize that, another aspect is very important. The decisive factor for this calculation is the price history that exists in your meta-trader. So if you want to find the average of the last 1,500 candles in H 1, your Metatrader must provide the price data for the last 2 months in H1, otherwise the calculation is wrong.

You can try it yourself once a month. Most brokers provide price data in EURUSD MN from 1996/1999. My Metatrader provides me with the price data of the EURUSD of January 01, 1971, which is almost 560 months. The average pip size per month is 461 pip. If I now want to display the last 1,500 months, the indicator gives me a value of 173 Pip. This is clear, as the indicator now divides the same number of pips by a higher time value. Therefore pay attention to how many price data you can calculate maximum. In the monthly chart, it is sufficient to display the last 100 months, since the values should still be reasonably current.

My candles in the Metatrader are dim gray in color and with the Momentum indicator I indicate the strongest momentum. Depending on the time of day, the momentum indicator must be adjusted in a time unit.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here are my settings with which I am well through the day. From time to time the settings have to be adjusted up or down.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here you can see a chart in the M15. The candles are gray and the momentum indicator is set to 7. At the weekend, I prepare the next week in all 9 time units. I look at which zones in the coming week could be exciting and interesting. Of course, I can not predict if certain zones will be reached, but analyzing each zone by supply and demand will help a trader to make fewer mistakes.

Try it out for yourself, then you will quickly realize if you can handle it.

I wish you much success and a good trading week

Best regards

--- 帖子 #598 ---
ESMA Alternative Broker in Australia

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Dear traders in Europe,

In a few weeks the ESMA regulations for Germany and certainly other countries in Europe are expected to be implemented. The condition for this is that these provisions are formulated specifically and are also issued. When the regulation comes, it is not yet clear, many expect it in July or August 2018.

I have already written 3 articles about this topic and would like to comment less on it today. If you want to look at these articles again, here are the links.

Post 218 Consumer protection in Europe is becoming ever more dramatic
https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...3#post10738903

Post 476 ESMA "What does the moon care if a dog barks at him"
https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...2#post10924582

Post 489 ESMA: An immoral offer!
https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...4#post10931214

Basically, I would like to make an important note. My recommendation to switch to an Australian broker is intended exclusively for the long-time professionals. A beginner I recommend urgently to stay with a German broker, because there is no additional funding and the account can not run into the minus. With a lever of 1:30 you can start well even as a beginner, later you can still change.

Therefore I would like to address this article to the long-standing experienced traders for CFD.

I promised to look around the Australian market and select a good broker. All in all, I looked at 16 brokers and compared them. I would like to emphasize once again that I do not want to advertise for the broker mentioned later. Firstly, I do not have many years of experience and second, a broker can change quickly if the promised benefits are not fulfilled. In addition, I have only been aware for some months that CFD is undergoing significant changes. This circumstance has only led me to look for other brokers.

For me it was now not so crucial whether the broker offers a lever of 1: 200 or 1: 500. As Scalper, the costs are the execution time and tight stops. In addition, the regulator and an ECN broker is another important point. On April 5, I have already published a detailed article on brokerage.

Post 491 How do I find the best broker for me?
https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...6#post10938146

Exactly according to these criteria, I proceeded to look for the optimal broker for me in Australia out. First of all, it was important to me that the broker is regulated exclusively through the ASIC and has no connection to a European regulation, otherwise the European rules will apply again. And that's exactly what we want to deal with legally. Many brokers have fallen out due to the cost situation already directly. The spreads of the 16 brokers are between 0.0 and 3.0, but some brokers require a commission. Of the 16 brokers, only one is left at the end. I would have wished that more brokers had been shortlisted, but it ultimately failed because of the costs that are significantly higher for a scalper than for a daytrader.

The brokers within a spread range of 1.0 I have looked closer to me in a demo account. A fast data flow and the execution speed was crucial here. The comparison I have done with the Metatrader 4 to have a consistent comparison.

IC Markets was my personal winner, but please note that every trader has different claims and therefore this broker might not be right for you. IC Markets is an ECN Brocker and ideally suited for my type of trade. He does not offer a guaranteed stop loss, but the stop can be pulled directly to the course. The spread is between 0.0 and 0.2, as well as a commission of $ 7 USD / Roundturn Lot on MT4 True ECN. The spread sometimes rises to 0.2 EURUSD in volatile phases, but usually it is 0.0. Stop and Limitorder can be 0 pip from the current course in the Metatrader, for me absolutely top. The accuracy of the prices is fine in volatile phases, the execution time is very fast. The stop loss must be at least 0 pip away, which is excellent. The speed data transmission of the courses is comparable with Aktivtrades. The margin was $ 235 per lot in the lower range. The customer service is excellent. The lever extends to a maximum of 500 and is adjustable. MT5, Ninja Trader and cTrader possible.

Unfortunately, I miss the dollar index, so I have to get the data from Aktivtrades. The internet platform is very simple structured. Additional features such as multi-terminal and trading tools to download. Basically for my needs a recommended broker. IC Markets is regulated by the ASCI.

The regulatory authority ASIC has a similar importance in Australia as the German BaFin or British FCA. First and foremost, the authorities deal with the registrations arising from regulations in other countries. This is an additional security feature that brokers want to give to their Australian users.

In principle, the account is structured like a futures account, there is an obligation to make additional payments if the account goes down. The costs incl. Commission are between 0.7 and 0.9, making them top in Australia and comparable to IG Markets and Aktivtrades. Since there is a commission, the account view in Metatrader once getting used to. But you can download a professional tradeterminal from IC Markets. In it you will find all information. The execution times were top and exact in all trading hours, what you would expect from an ECN broker. Stop-out rules of ESMA are eliminated. If you want to increase the execution speed again, you can act on the MT5 or Ninja Trader. cTrader is also very fast, but more expensive depending on the price.

As soon as ESMA's restriction comes, many traders can only trade the EURUSD with a leverage of 1:30 and a margin of $ 3,333 per lot. For IC Markets, the lever can be adjusted from 1: 1 to 1: 500, for 1: 500, 1 lot costs $ 235 margin. These are already serious differences, but they also significantly increase the risk.

As many things happen in Germany 5 to 10 years later than in the US, I believe that some traders will change their accounts abroad. As soon as this struck the brokers in Germany, they will put pressure on ESMA. This will then ban foreign accounts, as it is already in the US today.

This means that the clock is ticking in Europe. In a few years, regulation in Europe will bring back all traders. By then you should think about a future account.

I hope I could give you a little insight.

Good luck this week

--- 帖子 #599 ---
...Very good information sir. here, from the charts, methods and about brokers, can make it better, thanks for all...

--- 帖子 #600 ---
Hello chonchy,

First of all thank you for the nice words and your intercession for this blog. The salutation Sir expresses your respect for me and I am honored. Even though I'm over half a century old, I do not quite feel like a sir. I'm a normal trader, the only difference is that maybe I spent 40,000 hours trading, that's all. I have a lot of respect for you and all the traders here in the blog. This job is very special and regardless of whether you are a beginner, have been trading for a few years or even decades, we are working in the same market with similar goals.

In order to be able to successfully practice this profession in the long term, you need very special skills that are not taught at any school or university. Courage, discipline, passion, patience, perseverance, authenticity, sense of responsibility, self-control, openness, empathy, ambitions, optimism, social skills and much more.

You all have these skills as traders, maybe one more than the other. These skills are more important than a high IQ or a summa cum laude degree.

It always sounds so easy to outsiders, you're sitting in front of the screen all day and do nothing. No one sees the skills a trader needs.

We are not talking about fixed salary and security as an employee, but about a brave entrepreneur who risks taking everything tomorrow. This should some entrepreneurs take an example, if he goes bankrupt and he is liable only with his Limited Liability Company. The broker will always take the trader fully and not his company, at least in Germany.

That's why I have great respect for all traders, because I know for many years what it means to be a trader.

No matter which side you look at it, every trader who was on the market at least once a day can say at least in the evening: I have moved something. Even if the market did not realize it, you still moved something.

And you can all be proud of that.

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #601 ---
...Wow, wow, wow, that is all I can say about your posts Sir., and Sir. it is in deed about respect, Sir. god bless Bionics...

--- 帖子 #602 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Hello dear traders,

In the daily chart we see a strong resistance zone, (blue line) to which the EURUSD has now returned. He has already been rejected several times. To break this zone now requires a strong demand market. This could well mean that this demand market is triggering a strong upward trend throughout the day. We are curious if the price will break this resistance zone today.

I wish you much success today.

best regards

--- 帖子 #603 ---
Two charts two opinions

Dear Traders,

The views of whether a price goes up or down is different for each trader. That's exactly why the course is moving. There are 1000 ways to analyze a chart image, the question is: what type of chart analysis is the most likely to fulfill the prediction?

There are only 2 answers to this:
1.No chart analysis
2.The chart analysis that the trader considers appropriate.

Let's look at an example:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

You can see the monthly chart of the EURUSD since 2003. Trader A has plotted two lines, claiming that the price will continue to fall sharply. And indeed, because of the drawn lines, it actually looks like this.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

You can see the monthly chart of the EURUSD since 1984. Trader B has plotted two lines, claiming that the price will now rise sharply. And indeed, because of the drawn lines, it actually looks like this.

But who is right now?

I believe that no one is right, because this kind of chart analysis is very dangerous in my opinion. Of course, sooner or later one of them will get the right, but not because of his chart analysis.

I also posted a similar chart image for the fun of the beginning of the year, but with the hint that you should be very careful here.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

If we look again at the chart image of 1984 we notice the 3 circles. Some see a shoulder-head-shoulder formation, others a sloping triangle or even an equilibrium. The likelihood here would be more likely to be a further uptrend, but this assumption I derived from my year chart and not from the two drawn lines. Nevertheless, the statement goes up or down, pure speculation.

There are traders who can work because of cross-lines and are successful, for me, the price levels are best captured in a horizontal plane. However, I am working out these horizontal resistance lines on the basis of supply and demand with the help of Equilibrium.

We humans think in pictures and draw our lines. We can draw lines everywhere and believe we can recognize something there. But the course is not based on pictures, but whether there are more buyers or sellers.

The nature of my approach, how to see and analyze the market, has caused a few  rejections. That's fine and I accept every opinion. However, I do not want to discuss or justify myself on this blog. Who likes it, tries to follow this path, who does not like it continues to search. I mean, there are a lot of great traders here who have great ideas and systems, and everybody will find something suitable someday.

Many articles say that 95% of all traders lose more money than they win. I do not want to support or reject this claim now. It does not matter if it's actually 90% or 95%. However, the fact seems to be that the majority is losing. If the majority loses, that means that the recommendations on how to act properly are 95% wrong.
That was the reason for me to follow a path that does not meet the expectations of the 95%. Whether I belong to the remaining 5%, I do not want to claim that. At the end of the day, every trader should be able to say: more was not possible.

I wish you good ideas and much success

Best regards

--- 帖子 #604 ---
EURUSD 300 Pip crash

Hello dear traders,

Yesterday on June 14, 2018, we saw a sharp drop of almost 300 pip in the EURUSD. That was the biggest drop for 720 days, because almost exactly 2 years ago on June 24, 2016, there was a drop of 510 pip. A few hours earlier I had already pointed out a strong resistance and noticed that it takes a lot of strength to overcome this resistance.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

This resistance was also overcome for a short time and then strongly rejected. Of course, I could not know which direction the course was going to be, but my identified zone was crucial.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

What happened?

I would like to introduce a possible scenario. The ECB press conference was scheduled for 14:30 CET. At 13:45 CET there was already a press release about the result. For a big player, this announcement was a reason to value the dollar higher than the euro. However, how do you trade down without taking many traders down? You lead the dealer first on the wrong track.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In the M1 you can see what happened at 13:45 CET. The course was pushed up by the big player 40 pip. Many traders were aware of this strong line of resistance and many now assumed that the price is now heading higher. You can see nicely on the chart image that some traders, who were fortunate enough to be taken up, have sold their position. The course went back a bit. Some traders were hoping for another big rise now. Now the big player pushed down the course with heavy pressure, many stops were triggered and the few traders were in the game. The downside accelerated. The third candle was once again a strong sell and push down. The rest was pure mass psychology and the crowd followed the course. You can see that the course in the recorded resistance zone has briefly gone into equilibrium and another attempt has been made at the ECB press conference to get back up, but the overall pressure of the mass movement was simply too great.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

As the price dropped 300 pip, there were some attempts to push the price higher again. On average, a daily range has 91 pip. Many traders thought after the price had gone down 180 pip that it had to go up again. Unfortunately, these ideas did not work out.

One often has the feeling that the course runs faster down than up. Basically, this claim is not always correct, but it is similar to real life. Trust is gone faster than it builds. You can see in the picture how the price initially accelerated and the downtrend weakened over time.

If the price goes up sharply now, that does not mean that we are back on an upward trajectory. It could also be because the big player repurchases his shares.

So we are back in an equilibrium, buyers are not sure whether they should invest again and the sellers are wondering if the price could fall even further.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Although this strong downtrend is basically not a good prospect for a longer uptrend, but you can quickly be fooled. We have two strong resistance zones for a possible strong uptrend. Resistance zone 1 has already been reached and the price has been sharply turned upwards. Now the course has come back strong. Now it remains to be seen if the resistance zone holds 1 and the course can move up.

Resistance zone 1 is still strong for me, maybe the course needs to penetrate this zone a little more before a demand market re-emerges. Zone 2 is a stronger demand zone than zone 1. Should the price break zone 1 and see it as resistance from below, zone 2 would be relevant to me as a high demand candidate. However, there is still a blue line which could also push up the course as strong resistance.

Another possibility would be that the big player has identified zone 1 as the reversal point of a longer-term uptrend and has now pushed the price down sharply again to get a better starting price.

This assumption is purely speculative and every trader has his own opinion. It is crucial to evaluate the market according to his views and derive a strategy for himself. As a Scalper, I make it a bit easier for me by basically acting reversal points in smaller time units. Nevertheless, a longer-term trend analysis is also an important issue. I would like to point out again that my statements made are my personal opinion and I do not claim to be right. My hit rate is much higher, but I often wrong myself too.

Many years ago I also tried to trade currency pairs on a long-term basis, but found that I can make higher profits with the Equilibrium in smaller time units and larger contracts. However, every trader has to make that decision for himself. You can see how many things you have to pay attention to as a trader in the pure chart image, if I still imagine that I additionally MACD, RSI and MA in the chart image would have the chaos perfect.

That's why I only recommend working with the pure chart image. There's all the information you need to succeed. Incidentally, if only the pure chart image, you pay more attention to things that others do not notice. The chart image is like a foreign language, but you can learn that too if you focus on it.

There is a nice sentence that I have heard from some successful traders:

When you enter into a trade, you should know in advance what happens.

With supply and demand, I can often achieve this goal, but not always.

I wish you much success

Best regards

--- 帖子 #605 ---
Education is what is left when we forget what we have learned

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Before reading this article, please note the following. The statements made here are only my personal opinion. They are not scientifically proven and I do not claim to be right. These statements have only one goal: to help the reader.

At the beginning of my trader career, I had a friend who had tremendous trading expertise. At least that's what I thought at the time. He was able to explain all situations exactly and what he said sounded logical and understandable. He had an answer to every question and if you asked more precisely, he looked at you with wide eyes in the way: How can you ask such a stupid question?

A professor of business administration taught us at that time: There are no stupid questions, just stupid answers, but he did not allow such arguments.
This acquaintance regularly got involved with other specialists and sometimes the discussions about "China coming to the UN" did not stop there. I found his reasoning exciting and interesting at the time, but I could not understand it. I found this expertise impressive and one day hoping to have such profound knowledge to become a successful trader.

During my training as a Financial Analyst, I completed an intelligence test lasting several hours, which gave me an IQ well above average. This gave me further hope to understand this confusing stock market one day. One day I discovered the truth through a stupid coincidence. My friend, who had so much expertise, did not make a single dollar on the stock market. He lost more money than he invested. A world collapsed for me and I wondered how much knowledge one would have to have to succeed?

According to some studies, a high IQ does not guarantee a high income. Far more skills are needed to earn more money than the average in the long term. An important aspect is the emotional quotient and the art of simply grasping and formulating difficult things. The type of communication today more than ever decides on success and failure. If you have studied you will have noticed these differences among different professors. It was not the professor who made the wisest statements that was the winner, but the one who, through a simple and pictorial language, succeeded in inspiring the majority of students so much that it was easy for them to pick up and implement the material.

I have learned the following in my life:
Individuals who used their knowledge to humiliate other people were less successful in the long term than those who used their knowledge to solve problems together with other people. Knowledge is good, but not if you use knowledge to show others how stupid they are. How many times are there people who make statements that we can not immediately verify. So we do not contradict, because we lack the basics of knowledge. In most cases, the statements made are only hot air. However, we sometimes realize that only 10 years later, when we were able to gain experience in this area.

Now comes a truth that is very uncomfortable to accept.

Since the stock market, traders are trying to identify the secret of the stock market and find the holy grail. But look at the result after many trillion trades:
95% of all traders lose more money than they earn. Is that the holy grail? What does the result mean in terms of the secret of the stock market?
Well, we have not been able to decipher the secret with the last trillion trades and we will not decode it in the next few trillion trades. This is also logical and clear, since trading is based on a pure random principle. This principle ensures that the stock market can theoretically exist forever. If you were to crack the stock market code, that would be the end of the stock market right now.

If the stock code has not yet been identified, this means:
All statements on the stock market are purely hypothetical. A hypothesis is an assumption formulated in the form of a logical statement, the validity of which is considered possible, but which has not yet been proven or verified. This means whether the statement on the stock market sounds very smart or very stupid, in both cases it is not proven or verified and thus equally valid or invalid.

This applies to all the statements in the blogs of FF as well as for my blog, but I have never claims anything else. Of course, a hypothesis is hypothesized as long as it is verified, but since the stock market is based on pure coincidence, it may be very difficult to verify future hypotheses. This should not be dramatized negatively now, because after all, my statement does not change the already existing situation. There is no holy grail and no one can foresee the stock market concretely and permanently. These are the facts so far.

Let's take a look at nature. Nature has developed a thousand exciting things that look very complicated from the outside. On closer inspection, however, they are very simple. Maybe the stock market is also easier to understand. Trading is all about winning the majority of comparable trades over the long term. That's why we should start focusing on the simple things.

To gain more than to lose on the stock market, you have to optimize the probabilities in your favor. Objective: To find a system that increases the probability of winning more trades than losing. How can we achieve this goal faster? Answer: Through knowledge, intuition and information! Here are some tips on how to do it to save time. Please note that these tips are not completed.

How do I find my matching system?

Let's first define the word system. Under system I understand a trading setup, which allows the trader with a certain strategy buy or sell orders that he earns more money in the long term than loses. This does not mean automatic trading systems or a copy trading. What use are you automatic systems or a copy trading if you do not understand how the system works. The goal of a trader should be to be independent of others with his built-up system.

Once in the CFD area, take a break from costly indicators or tools. The same goes for seminars that often cost a lot of money. I do not want to say that these seminars do not work, but before they even know where to go, they do not need an expensive tool. If you find your way later, you can still invest your profits in continuing education. You are an entrepreneur and a real entrepreneur starts with small investments in the beginning. When the first successes occur, one can use these profits in the further development of his company.

How can I find an interesting system at FF now?

Let's start with the members. In total, there are almost 500,000 members at FF. Members who publish regular contributions and communicate with other members are so-called impact members. They are marked with a rhombus.

Red = High Impact Member = Top 2% about 620 members
Orange = Medium Impact Member = Top 5% about 930 members
Yellow = Low Impact Member = Top 10% Top about 1,550 members

With that I can reduce my choice to 3,000 members. This does not mean that the other members do not post well, it just means that they do not regularly post information. Let's just stay with these 3,000 members for the sake of simplicity. There is interesting information about these members that makes it easy for a new reader to find the best.

Unfortunately there is no search function in FF to filter out interesting blog writers out. But on each side of a member they get the following information.

Joined: month year
Buddies: number
Subscribers: number
Post: number
Last Online: Date
Trading from: Country

Now let's take 3 members who have different values. (we do not consider the country)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

At first glance it looks like Trader A has the most experience as he has posted the most threads, most subscribers follow him and he is the longest in the process. After that Trader B comes and at the end Trader C. Now let's have a closer look at the activity of the individual traders.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

We realize that the picture is completely changed now. Trader C has 6.97 subscribers per month while Trader A only has 4.68 subscribers per month. Trader A has sold almost twice as many posts as Trader A. (buddies and subscribers were added together) Subscribers per month are a representative feature because people often only follow interesting topics that help them. This proves that even new members post interesting topics that are often accepted by other traders.

A picture is worth a thousand words. Make sure that a post with examples and pictures conveys more information than just plain text. Notice how the writer of a thread deals with its subscribers, how it criticizes, whether it makes fun of others and how it helps people.

An interesting feature is also the Ignored list. Sure, there are sometimes people who are annoying and you just have to lock. But if someone has 50 subscribers and has 25 on the ignored list, it might not just be the other one. This often has something to do with respect and interaction. There are always exceptions, but the subscribers already have a reason why they follow certain people or not. These factors do not guarantee that a trader will succeed or post topics that really help. But there are little hints if it pays to look closer.

Never underestimate the traders who are beginners. These traders may not have much experience yet, but they are not stupid. Only when a blog provides logical and interesting information, more and more traders will join this blog. Good and successful things communicate very quickly. I mean here only threads that provide information about a trading system and where to exchange regularly.

With this little help, I can ever separate the wheat from the chaff and quickly recognize whether a second look worthwhile. Under the heading: Trading Systems you will find nearly 3,000 different systems offered. Of course, they also get ideas and strategies in the other categories, but I would first start trading systems. As a rule, most of the contributions have also been published by Impact Member. Now we have to filter the 3,000 posts.

Take a distance from things that do not help you, meaningless discussions about topics that no one needs, you can find everywhere. Get involved and look for the topics and traders that communicate their strategy in an understandable way. Unfortunately, this is often about vanities and to prove that man are the best and most beautiful. But I think that most of us are able to distinguish between good and less good. Start with the latest blogs. Why? A current blog bears witness to current information. If a blog published in 2010 receives interesting and profitable information, it is still up to date today because it is simply good.

When they have selected the most up-to-date threads, they should check the match of a thread's statements. Take a look at the first and last post by the blog writer and compare these posts with each other? How long has the writer been working with this system? Is the first and last page similar or has the blog writer changed his system completely? How often do you have new information? Is the blog up to date or has it not been used for months? If a blogger has written several posts, they look at how strong the response was, or whether the blog was closed after a few posts already.

If you can answer these questions positively, you take the next step. Is the system simply explained? Can you understand it? Is it logical and does it fit with your trading style? Pay attention first of all to the statements of the blog writer and less to what the individual guests say. Often there are envious or disturbers who make unqualified statements, even though they do not know the system at all. If you do not understand a system because it's too complicated for you, leave it alone. If only indicators are used to make a buy or sell decision then you should be very critical and if that does not fit with your style, be finished the system.
If all questions are logical and understandable, try this system in different currency pairs at different times in a demo account.

After that you can make a decision.

If you try a system and do not implement it successfully, even though others may succeed, that does not mean that you are unable to do it. It just means that this system does not suit you. Forget it and keep looking.

Many traders are interested in optimizing their existing system or completely redesigning it. That's fine, because change means development, and the market we work in is evolving every day. However, you should not try to find a system that wins 100%. Each system has its advantages and disadvantages and will not produce the same results in every trend phase.

I admit that finding an optimal system is a big challenge and takes a lot of time. But believe me, that's worth it. Because if one day you have found the system with which you are successful, you can generate an interesting income. Forget about the great pictures that are often published in connection with Trading. A villa on the lake, sports cars, world travel and endless money. The truth is sobering in the beginning. An entrepreneur who rebuilds his company first has to invest in the beginning. And investment costs money and time. If you use these investments wisely you have a chance to become a successful trader. When I started trading, my main motivation was independence and not money.

Basically, I find it remarkable and exemplary when traders voluntarily and unselfishly offer their system to other people. Of course, it is very difficult to distinguish the good from the less good ideas. Unfortunately, I can not tell you which great trader will help you here on FF in the long term, but maybe this information will help you to make a decision faster. It took me many years, invested a lot of money and time to find my personal system with which I act successfully. I do not mean to say that I am one of the 5% of traders who rightly assess the market.

Decisive is your opinion and your success. You can only find it out by trying it out for yourself. In the demo account you lose no money, but time. However, investing time is an important milestone on the way to success.

Even if you discover that my system is not suitable for you, it will definitely help you and that's the most important point here:

Your personal success!

I sincerely wish you to reach your goal

best regards

--- 帖子 #606 ---
EURUSD strong resistance zone

Hello dear traders,

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In the daily chart EURUSD we see a strong resistance zone in the red line. This zone is now crucial whether an upward trend can prevail in the future. In the green zone, you can see a very strong demand zone on the left, reaching up to 1.255.

After going from 1.255 to 1.15, there was a short pullback. The sellers, however, were not quite served and the price was down sharply. The demand market is not really gaining momentum, the fear of another strong setback is too great. The red line is still a strong supply zone. Once it has been overcome, confidence in the upside can quickly recover. The first goal is the next few days with strong power through the red zone to the top. Then a pullback back to the red line and again strong upwards. This could usher in a turnaround and we are back on track.

However, there is a risk that supply on the red line will become significantly stronger than demand. The buyers are still cautious and the bears are fast in the game. If the bears get strong again, that could be a sign that focuses on the second green line. In this area, there is a stronger demand zone, which can cause a turnaround at the latest there.

But still is not lost and the turnaround could already prevail now, depending on how the course now reacts to this red zone.

I wish you a nice evening

best regards

--- 帖子 #607 ---
Demand and supply since 1975

Dear Traders,

Today I would like to describe three strong price zones which we have encountered again and again since 1975. I have calculated these zones based on supply and demand from the last 43 years in the weekly chart. Let's take a look at how the course reacted to these lines.

From this we can draw possible conclusions for the future.

1975 to 1984

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

You will see blue arrows in the chart image. I have refrained from marking the arrows in color. Arrows pointing down mean that supply dominates demand, there are more sellers than buyers, the price is pushed down. Arrows pointing up mean: Demand dominates supply, there are more buyers than sellers the price is pushed up.

Of course, there are other zones that have an impact on the price movement, but we do not want to take this into account here.

1986 to 1994

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here we can already see significantly more supply and demand zones. It can be seen very clearly that the three zones are very often a start for a supply market or demand market.

1995 to 2004

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Although we have a stronger supply market in the first 5 years, the price returns to our zones after a sharp decline. In the second half you can clearly see how demand is increasing.

2004 to 2012

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The upper zone seems to be a limit, the course is pushed up again and again. This shows the strong demand, which, however, slowly decreases from the middle of the chart image. Supply is getting stronger and demand is failing to make new highs. Nevertheless, the upper zone keeps the course.

2010 to 2018

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In 2012 there was a last desperate attempt to push the course back up, but by the end of 2014 the course finally broke through this strong zone, breaking through the second zone which finally ended up in our lowest zone. There was now an equilibrium. Let's take a closer look at the last 4 years.

2014 to 2018

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In 2012 we see a strong equilibrium at the top zone at point 1 and then a strong breakthrough to the bottom zone. Thereafter, the course fluctuated between the lower and middle zones. You can see the strength of the supply market in the middle zone, which has pushed the price down again and again. Within the blue rectangle an equilibrium was created.

At point 2, a supply market emerged, after which the price had gone deeper into the zone3. This supply market accelerated and with a strong force the middle zone was broken. Nevertheless, the price continued to rise. There was a pullback and the course continued its journey to the upper zone. Where, on the top left in 2012, a strong equilibrium arose, the course was slowed down. This is exactly where a strong supply market prevailed. That's why, on January 1, 2018, on my blog, I had suggested that the price at 1.25 would make it a stronger setback. Although I was correct, I misjudged how far the course would run back. From the lower to the middle zone there is a strong demand market. From the upper to the middle zone there is a strong supply market. Exactly on the middle line meet supply and demand.

There are now 3 scenarios if the price should reach the middle line.

1.It creates an equilibrium, as buyers and sellers agree. After that, the direction is open.

2.The course bounces off the middle zone and continues its journey upwards.

3.The course breaks through the middle zone. It depends on which strength he breaks through this zone to have enough power to continue down to run.

After equilibrium within the rectangle, the market has decided it is going up. The course broke through the middle zone and continued to run upwards. That was an indication that the sellers were satisfied. Only at 1.255 was again a strong supply market. I suspect that the middle zone could now appear as a strong resistance after the recent years.

This does not mean that the price is rejected directly, but that the price could move strongly towards 1.399 thereafter.

Look at the zones in the smaller time units, this gives a possible overview of supply and demand.

I wish you a successful week

Best regards

--- 帖子 #608 ---
High frequency traders at work?

Hello dear traders,

On June 14, 2018, the price has been pushed down by almost 300 pip. Then it went slowly back up 100 pip. Many were already hoping for a turnaround. But shortly thereafter it was down by 110 pip. Traders became more cautious.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Let's take a look at the last 2 days in the M5. On the left side they see the 110 pip crash. At point 1 there was an equilibrium after which supply dominated. At point 2 we see another equilibrium, then a demand market, then a supply market and then demand dominated until point 1. The price fell to the middle resistance level and then came into the area with which we now want to occupy ourselves more closely. (blue rectangle)

Let's say you are a big player, a high-frequency trader in fact. You have so much capital that you are able to move the price by 70 -100 pips. You belong to the category Scalper. What is your most important principle? If you place an order you should take as few traders as possible on the journey. Because as soon as these traders get off in the course of the course, this will slow the price down. This means the traders must be misled. Than you can placing your big order.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

At point 1, you see the morning pre-trading with little volatility. The market is in an equilibrium with a slight tendency to supply. At point 2, I now give smaller buy orders in the market to see how the market reacts. My buy order is repeatedly pushed through the supply market to the blue resistance line. At point 3, I push the market up with some buy orders and wait. Many traders see in it a smaller uptrend and buy. The trend is accelerating. At point 4 my take profit and a high sell limit order lie. After the course has reached this zone, the course drops to point 5. I wait a moment.

The trend is accelerating as more sellers join. The price drops to the strong resistance level at point 6. Many now assume that the price will rise again. I let the price go up a bit and push a massive sell order into the market. The price drops another 33 pip. At point 7, I gradually get off all orders. This ensures that the price rises massively. Twice I stopped the majority of traders in 15 minutes and was able to get through my course. The course returns to the mean resistance line and turns into equilibrium at point 8. This clearly shows the market uncertainty that prevails now. In principle, I could stock up on shopping orders unnoticed within Equilibrium. The market believes anyway that it goes up again and I'm now happy to take this trip with a few buy orders. I can not lose anything now because I took about 55 pip in the morning. For a day in which the high low 65 pip, the result was profitable at a manageable risk.

Certainly, the scenario has not developed exactly as I described it, but it is once to stimulate the situation of the big players to move. We as small players can hardly move the market, but let us drive from the market. But if we let ourselves drift from the market, we must at least know where the journey goes.

So we have to try to think like big players and start reading their tracks. This increases our chances of winning more and losing less.

Of course, the market is much more complicated and my point of view far too simple, but maybe this is the secret that makes the success.

I wish you a nice evening.

Best regards

--- 帖子 #609 ---
An experiment with supply and demand

Hello dear traders,

Today we dare once an experiment with supply and demand to clarify what power the Equilibrium (which is exactly in between) has.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Let's go into the monthly chart 1977 to 1996. At point 1, you see a very strong uptrend of 1,000 pip. We identify this demand market once with a green bar. At point 2 we see a strong equilibrium and then a strong uptrend. We record the strongest bars. At points 3 and 4 we proceed in a similar way, but mark a strong supply market with one red bar each.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Now let's take a look at the situation from 1970 to today. You realize that our roughly marked zones (supply and demand) had a huge effect on the price performance. Of course, in the course of a share price market, a demand market will also become a supply market and a supply market a demand market. Nevertheless, the strength is clearly visible.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

We go into the year 2002-2018 and draw on the same principle our supply market and demand market. At point 1 we had a strong demand market. At point 2, we had a strong supply market. You realize how these two markets meet each other. In zone A, supply in zone C dominates demand. Zone B could initiate a possible turnaround.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Let's take a closer look at this Zone B and take a closer look at the situation in the Daily Chart. At point 1, the course came from below and there was a gap of 70 pip. The course went up, back and accepted at point 2, the drawn line as resistance. Then it went up sharply.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Now let's take a look at the result. You see how from above the supply market pushes down and the demand market pushes up. In our marked line, both markets meet. In smaller timeframes, we can now further restrict the turnaround, but I think the approach is clear. I think we should pay attention to this area the next days or weeks. Of course you can not identify concrete resistance zones and support zones, but it helps to identify supply and demand.

Try it yourself and mark supply and demand zones. Pay attention to the Equilibrium and look what impact that had on the price. I believe that you are making interesting discoveries.

I wish you success

Best regards

--- 帖子 #610 ---
Suspected and entered

Dear Traders,

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

On June 18, 2018, at around 8:00 pm CET, I pointed out a strong resistance zone and strong support zone. For a better overview I used a H1.

It's not that I was right and could foresee the course, because frankly I'm not in a position to do so. But it shows once more what power and accuracy, supply demand and equilibrium can have.

If supply and demand can filter out these specific zones, that's a huge advantage for a trader. That's why this blog was launched. Please note that even I can not always pinpoint these zones. But the probability of making a profitable trade has risen many times over by Equilibrium. One reason more to deal with it once.

best regards

--- 帖子 #611 ---
Hello dear traders,

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The strong red zone I drew has strongly dejected the course to the green zone. There we had a strong supply market. The course has now returned to the red zone. Within this strong zone, the course has now formed an equilibrium. That could be a sign that we could get a big boost up.

Pay attention to this zone.

best regards

--- 帖子 #612 ---
Hello dear traders,

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

here is the next important resistance for me. We should also keep an eye on them.

best regards

--- 帖子 #613 ---
Bad luck!

Hello dear traders,

In the last few days equilibrium (supply and demand) has been used to determine resistance levels and reversal points very closely.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Also, my assessment of yesterday's noon was correct that the price now tends more upward. At 13:41 CET, I draw a strong resistance zone (point 2) and placed a sell limit order there.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In the Asian market, the price has continued to rise. In front of my marked line, the course turned and went down 60 pip. Unfortunately, my limit order was not triggered. I did not want to go in manually because I thought the course would come in again. Afterwards I neglected the Equilibrium at the point 1. I probably would have increased the resistance a bit and my limit order was triggered. So you can see, you can often be fooled, because you overlook small details in the chart.

In the case, nothing happened because there was no loss, but it is always annoying if you were basically correct, but not picked up.

The M30 chart was clear and I would have increased the resistance. Precisely for this reason it is important to search in other time units for a confirmation of the marked resistance lines.

I wish you much success in today's trade

best regards

--- 帖子 #614 ---
Supply zones and demand zones

Hello dear traders,

As we can see, the price has not yet reached the crucial demand zone, which gives it the necessary push for a turnaround. After the course had worked in the past few days, again and again a bit up, he was pressed down again and again strongly.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here I once tried to draw in a monthly chart the supply zones and demand zones. At first sight, this looks a bit chaotic, but this leads to resistance and support. At the moment, the price is in a resistance zone, which is not strong enough yet.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Let's take a closer look. At point 1 we can see how the price was pushed through a strong supply zone in 2014 up to point 2 (2015). After that, he oscillated between point 2 and point 3. (Equilibrium) At the beginning of 2017, the price finally reached the crucial demand zone at point 4, pushing up the price to point 5.

The point 4 was in the ratio only a little below the point 2. I have drawn there three black lines. The price entered the upper resistance zone once, causing the price to rise to 1.255. But there was already a strong supply market there. In 2015 and 2016, the price rose twice to reach point 3 and was twice strongly rejected. Only at point 5, this strong zone was overcome. Therefore, I believe that Zone 5 is still a strong resistance.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The blue zone is in my focus for a possible trend reversal. However, that does not mean it will happen as well. If one draws with the help of the Equilibrium zones, one has possible trend turns in the focus. Based on the subordinate time units, you can determine additional zones. This gradually brings you closer to the actual resistance zones, increasing your chances of getting more hits.

I will outline and upload a concrete example on the weekend.

Thanks again to all of you for the support so far and good luck today and tomorrow in the trade.

Best regards

Michael

--- 帖子 #615 ---
Hello dear traders,

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

For two weeks the EURUSD is in a big 4H equilibrium. The price does not seem to rise or fall sharply. I would like to record a possible scenario once.

Perhaps the course could once again run into Zone 1 and be strongly rejected. He would have the power to reach Zone 2. In zone 2 is a stronger demand zone, which could then bring the course towards zone no. 3. Should the price fall very steeply, Zone 4 would have an even stronger demand zone which could provide a strong boost to the upside. For me, Zone 2 is now crucial as the course is pushed up there.

I did not make my promised example of Equilibrium at the weekend, I'll do it as soon as possible.

I wish you a nice week

best regards

--- 帖子 #616 ---
Dear Traders,

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

As written 3 days ago, we have reached the resistance area of point 1. In this area we have a supply market. However, this does not mean that the price must go down immediately. The green line represents the resistance range. From my starting point, the price has already risen 70 pip. At the bottom of the green line is a stronger supply market. This resistance range has not yet been reached.

Let's see how the course responds within the black lines.

Good luck this week

best regards

--- 帖子 #617 ---
Trust is good, control is better

Dear Traders,

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

less than a week ago I posted a green resistance in H4 based on supply and demand. (Yellow arrow)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Let's see what happened in M1 Chart when the price came into my first zone. He was dismissed by 18 pip within a minute. Nevertheless, the course was able to prevail after that and has continued to rise.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

At the end of my green zone, the price was now pushed down by 57 pip.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In the M15 you can see that a bit more clearly. The important here are the zones you draw for you. There you can bet well on a short-term change of course. The long-term view is incidental and not crucial.

Although I also believe that the price will fall even further, as a Scalper I am rather short-term oriented. I hope you see how well the zones work again and again. Of course, that's rarely 100 pip or more. But if you work with a 5 -10 pip stop on a target between 15 and 50 pip, that's an excellent result. The difference is that you act as a scalper with much higher contracts and only for a short time in the market.

As a rule I am out of all positions in the evening, I do not have to constantly watch the course develop and have reduced my risk by staying in the market for a short time. Breakouts are less interesting for me, but confirming my resistance zones. This can be seen here again very nice.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

You see, as in point 1, a breakout shoots through my zone, this breakout does not interest me and it does not annoy me that I missed it. But I am particularly interested in the second and third point, as soon as the course returns to my zone. Here I am also willing to stay a little longer in the market. At point 3, I am a little faster out, as I suspect a pullback here and think that the course will continue to run down.

Of course I am often wrong, but when it comes down to it, I'm often right as wrong. This only works for me through supply and demand. Quite simply uncomplicated and effective. And in the evening, I can take my time to quit, sometimes with some loss and more often with some profit. You can compare Scalpen with a jet pilot. A jet pilot also has more stress than the pilot of a glider. He can also crash faster, but is often faster at the finish.

A scalper is no better or worse than a daytrader, it's just different. Get in and out quickly, sometimes 4 trades a day and sometimes only 1 trade. Sometimes you are only a few minutes in the market, then again a few hours, which always comes on the resistance lines to which you have drawn.

The most important is your own trust, I trust no indicator, no message and no forecast. I trust only myself and that's exactly what you should do from today.

Do not trust my drawings and forecasts, but start creating your own forecasts. At some point you can absolutely trust this one.

I wish that from the heart.

best regards

--- 帖子 #618 ---
Supply and demand can be so easy.

Hello dear traders,

less than 3 days ago or better before 68 hours I have posted the following.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

You see, as in point 1, a breakout shoots through my zone, this breakout does not interest me and it does not annoy me that I missed it. But I am particularly interested in the second and third point, as soon as the course returns to my zone. Here I am also willing to stay a little longer in the market. At point 3, I am a little faster out, as I suspect a pullback here and think that the course will continue to run down.
I was not sure if the course went down immediately, but the downside variation was more obvious to me than the upside.

Let's take a look at the result:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

With the yellow line I gave my prognosis. I had marked the green resistance line. The price was 5 pips higher than I had expected. You can see that my green resistance has caused a sharp decline twice. Likewise, my black resistance lines, which were responsible for interesting trend changes.
From my forecast to the present day, the price has fallen by 100 pip. I hope you recognize that supply and demand are an interesting alternative that will help a trader without great resources to enter into interesting trades.

How to analyze and draw these lines has been extensively described in this blog. It is crucial to train this line drawing and then observe how the course behaves on these lines. So you lose no money and can practice this practice and training in peace.

Since I'm doing some exams in Java at the moment, I have a little less time, but that will change again in the foreseeable future. I passed the first exam OCP perfectly, now the OCA and EE are missing. In 3 weeks, the topic should be off the table. Then I have much more time again, as I'm still 7 hours a day in the trade.

I wish you much success this week

best regards

--- 帖子 #619 ---
Thanks for sharing! Nice video!

--- 帖子 #620 ---
Hello Damade,

First of all, welcome to our blog and thank you for your nice compliment. I wanted to point out a trading system that is completely detached from standard indicators, market analysis and news. To learn and to internalize this is much harder and more complicated than using an indicator. Some traders want to have it simple and straightforward. Unfortunately, this market is not exactly easy and every one of us has felt this several times. But who deals with supply Demand and Equilibrium, sooner or later succeed. It's just a matter of time, as in life. In addition to the Equilibrium there are current topics in various areas in this blog. I would be glad if you can implement some ideas for you and I look forward to an exchange with you. Have fun and much success.

best regards

--- 帖子 #621 ---
Hello Bionics,

I have read through most of your thread and have gained quite a bit of knowledge from your methodology. Mine has always been to trade from the edge and never in the middle - this seems to be what you do too. I have a question - do you ever build your POC points around whole numbers? For me, whole numbers are almost magical in the way they form support and resistance. This morning I caught a GBPUSD long off of the 1.30 when it whipped down to it. I would like to hear your take on them in relation to POC and equilibrium.

Not sure if I am doing this picture upload correctly, as I am new to posting here.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Regards

--- 帖子 #622 ---
[quote=macadamia18;11274803]Hello Bionics, I have read through most of your thread and have gained quite a bit of knowledge from your methodology.

GBPUSD

Hello macadamia18, hello dear traders,

I'm glad that this blog gives you valuable information. As you correctly say, I act the Equilibrium differently than in the so-called textbook is, although unfortunately there are little concrete information over the equilibrium.. However, basically every trader defines his resistance zones differently.

My resistance zones are never based on even or odd numbers, which I completely neglect. But you're absolutely right, people usually think in even numbers, so many traders try to simplify things by simply rounding to the next, integer number.

Unfortunately, no general derivation can be made to reliably determine reversal points. But the likelihood is high that an even number could cause a reversal. Keeping an eye on that might well give some benefits, but the big players know that and often chase us small traders into the stop.

I'm rarely on GBPUSD because England is an unpredictable factor to me, but that's an individual matter of opinion.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Let's take a closer look at the monthly chart of the GPBUSD. In the upper left arrow down we see a very strong downward trend (point 1). The downtrend weakened somewhat and strengthened again (point 2). Below PUNKT 2, there was a strong uptrend that goes right up to this point where the strong downtrend has started. Thereafter the price went back to the middle resistance level. Now we are at a critical point. The blue arrow pointing to the right shows exactly the line of resistance. If this resistance line is broken, it continues down. Below point 2 there is again a strong demand market which could push up the price.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In the weekly chart you can see this course again a little closer. The increase from the mean resistance line to the upper resistance line lasted 30 weeks and was pushed back to the mean resistance line within 15 weeks. This was due to the strong supply market, which started on the upper resistance line.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In the daily chart you can easily identify the mean resistance line based on past price movements.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In 4 hours Chart we see how strong the supply market is compared to the demand market. The red line of resistance could be broken, but there is again a strong supply market for the blue line.

For me, the strong uptrend or downtrend is a deciding factor as they are breaking a strong line of resistance right now. This line of resistance will become important again at a later date. That's what it's all about finding out to identify interesting reversal points.

I wish you a nice weekend

best regards

--- 帖子 #623 ---
Determine resistance lines

Hello dear traders,

On 19 July at 19:00 CET, the M30 Chart saw a strong uptrend of 70 pip. (Point 1) As already mentioned, this candle broke up some strong invisible resistance lines.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I have drawn these resistance lines once at point A, B, C, D, E. Now please pay attention to these points only once.

Point A was a special case for me, but one would have to go back in the past therefore I would not go into that here. Since my marked point E was not touched, we deal only once with the points B, C, D.

After the price went up high, you could expect a small pullback. No one can predict how this pullback will work. Precisely for this reason, the resistance levels B, C, D were a decisive criterion for me.

First, the course go down to point C and was pushed up again. On the second run down, the course came the second time to resistance C and was pushed up again. There the resistance line A came into play.

On the next run down, resistance D became active, pushing the course up again. A further downtrend stopped the third time in the resistance line C. The resistance line B show that the course could move further up.

So a little tip. These strong upward or downward candles break through invisible resistance lines. We must identify and draw these invisible resistance lines. This works in almost all time units. If we combine these time units wisely, we will see that there are matches.

These matches have a strong meaning.

The resistance lines running through a strong upward candle are identified only by the upper wicks of previous candles. The resistance lines that run through a strong downwards candle are identified only by the lower wicks of previous candles. It does not matter whether it is a bullish or a bearish candle.

Decisive is also always the previous course, the offer zone the demand zone as well as the Equilibrium which are in this zone. In truth, it's much more complicated, I just tried once to show you how to start with simple means. Over time you get out which zones you have to draw in order to determine the concrete resistance lines.

That is why my recommendation to work without indicators, as these indicators only distract. The art is to determine and mark these resistance zones in the pure chart image. Start with the simple variant, as I described it. If you have done that 1,000 times you can see which zones are relevant and which zones are not interesting.

I hope I could give you some tips and information try it yourself now. And before you act: Whenever you are sure that the price goes up or down, you will be wrong.

I have not been acting for years for what I see but only for my determined resistance zones. Whoever acts according to what he sees in the movements of the candles sees losing more money than he wins.

Have a nice week

best regards

--- 帖子 #624 ---
One month ago...

Hello dear traders,

a month ago I posted the following information.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

As we can see, the price has not yet reached the crucial demand zone, which gives it the necessary push for a turnaround. After the course had worked in the past few days, again and again a bit up, he was pressed down again and again strongly.

Therefore, I believe that Zone 5 is still a strong resistance. The blue zone is in my focus for a possible trend reversal. However, that does not mean it will happen as well. If one draws with the help of the Equilibrium zones, one has possible trend turns in the focus. Based on the subordinate time units, you can determine additional zones. This gradually brings you closer to the actual resistance zones, increasing your chances of getting more hits.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

As I suspected, demand has been limited. Although the price rose slightly, it was repeatedly rejected. Actually, it looks like the price is going to have to go down a bit (into my red zone) to attract buyers again.

This zone is in the range of 1,148 to 1,146. This can be seen very well on the weekly and monthly charts. We have seen a strong uptrend on 21.06.18, this lowest point so far gave rise to the assumption of another upward trend. But the two purple resistance zones were just too strong and pushed the course down. The red zone must be thought of as a strong magnet. The course is attracted to the red zone, in the red zone there is neutrality = Equilibrium. If the course breaks through the zone, the price could go down sharply. But it is possible that many buyers are coming to the market in this zone and are catapulting the price upwards.

Nevertheless, we recognize a great equilibrium, that is, a momentary uncertainty. We are still in an upward trend in the monthly chart and a pullback is currently taking place. However, every trader sees this differently, depending on which chart image is used.

So we wait for the clear turnaround upwards. But we still need some brave buyers for that.

I wish you a great weekend

best regards

--- 帖子 #625 ---
ESMA in force since yesterday

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Hello dear traders,

since yesterday the 1st of August the ESMA regulations have been implemented, once for the next 3 months. Then you will see if the terms are extended or not.

The restrictions on the traders are significant, especially the stopout rules are outrageous, which led me a few months ago to open another trader account in Australia. IC Markets is an ECN broker, has a fair fee system and fast execution times. Nevertheless, my European broker made an interesting offer 7 weeks ago. I could get a professional account that could never go down. This has led me to make the application for professional trader and since 5 weeks I have now 2 professional trader accounts without risk. Of course, I will keep the account in Australia.

To qualify as a professional trader, you must meet at least two or more of the following criteria.

1.In the past four quarters, it has been proven that leveraged financial derivatives have traded in significant sizes.

2. You must own a portfolio of financial instruments in excess of € 500,000.

3.Man must have been proven to have worked for at least one year in a relevant position in the financial industry requiring knowledge of trading in derivative securities.

It is not easy for many to meet these criteria, I recommend applying for a professional trader at least to try. The fact that your account can never go down despite a lever of 400 is more than fair. When I think of the Franken shock, a very reassuring feeling.

The trader community among European brokers will be considerably thinner. Most traders can only trade the EURUSD with a leverage of 1:30 instead of previously 1: 300 or 1: 400. To achieve the same position size, these traders now have to spend 10-13 times more capital. That will not be possible for many. Many will resort to so-called island brokers, whose business practices are sometimes very questionable.

It is possible that the ESMA provisions could be rejected in 3 months, but from today's point of view this is not to be expected.

As a small trader then only the move to Australia remains in order to make the leap to becoming a professional trader in Europe in the next 2 years. At the latest then it will be forbidden the European traders to open accounts abroad. That's been the case in America for a long time.

However, the risk of additional payment is great when carelessly handling high levers. To avoid that you only have two options. To open a professional account or to start small. After 95% of traders lose their money, the state intervenes regulatively: It is becoming increasingly difficult to lose hard-earned money.

No matter what position you are in, you always have to try to make the most of it.

I wish you much success

best regards

--- 帖子 #626 ---
Hello dear traders,

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

As expected a few weeks ago, the price is still down in the medium term. The overall trend is still bullish and we are still in the pullback. At the moment we are at point 1. The next starting point could be point 2 and then 3 or immediately to point 3. At point 3 there is a strong supply market which could bring the price up again. (Point 4). That could be the end of the pullback and I could move the overall trend towards 1.30.

It will be exciting, we wait.

best regards

--- 帖子 #627 ---
How did I start...

Like most beginners, many years ago, like a madman, I repeatedly tried new indicators and discarded them again. A system that I managed for the first time and won the first significant amounts, I would like to introduce you today. The basis for this was an M5 chart. There were 3 Moving Average. A fast MA simple 8 in the hourly chart (green) and a slow MA simple 39 in the hourly chart (red). A third exponential MA 8 in the M5 chart (white) for early detection rounded off the matter.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here is an example in the current EURUSD chart.
We see here just under two weeks at a glance. If the green line was above the red line I basically just bought and if the red line was above the green line I basically only sold.

Let's start at point 1. The green line breaks through the red line. From that time on, only selling came into question. Shortly before point 2, the green line came up to the red line. At point 2, the green line broke the red line. Now I waited for the price to return to the red line to enter with a buy order.

You see 2 red and 2 green horizontal lines in the chart. These showed me from when the course went up or down. Let's take a look at the upper red line. Interestingly, at point 1,3,5, and 7, it worked well. However, you can not always rely on it.

Now, when I got into point 2, I let the track go. At some point I set my stop to zero, so I could not lose anymore. Fortunately, the price was up now. As the price went over the top red line, I was a little more cautious and put my stop on the underlying green line. The course continued upwards. Now the green MA was the deciding factor to exit. As soon as the green line was broken, I waited until the uptrend returned to the green line. There I am then out.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here you can see very nicely how the MA 8 in the M5 chart signaled the approaching downtrend. At point 1, the Ma pushes through the slow-moving green line. At point 2 the downtrend is confirmed. Then I let the course down and waited until he returned to the red line. The point 3 was then the entry down. From point 4, I would have become a little more cautious and would have sought a good exit.

Of course, this is one way to trade, the downside for me: you just get in late into the market and also out too late. In addition, the risk is significantly higher than trading in supply zones and demand zones in Equilibrium. As I have developed into a scalper over time, longer trading periods (overnight or over the weekend) are taboo for me.

Even if one should not act with MA, this compilation of indicators for beginners has a small advantage. You can quickly see in which areas you should not buy or sell.
Nevertheless, I generally advise against acting with standard indicators. These run after the market and are just too slow. But everyone starts once and we all made a lot of mistakes in the beginning. As a beginner one does not always listen to the experienced traders, one prefers to make his own experiences.

Trades without indicators is like riding bareback. It is really hard and takes a long time until the first successes occur. But when you master it, a lot becomes easier. Do not be dictated by indicators when to buy or sell. Any trader with his knowledge can do that 10 times better. Start trusting yourself, this is the first step to become a professional trader.

I wish you every success in the first ride without a saddle

best regards

--- 帖子 #628 ---
Sir thank you for sharing your system is there any way that you can share your TLP with us please ...your help cooporation and coordination will be hignly appriciated

--- 帖子 #629 ---
[quote=HumbleLearne;11334999]Sir thank you for sharing your system

Hello HumbleLearne,

Thank you for your compliment and your request. I like to share my experiences, which I have made myself in the many years.

Unfortunately, some experiences have not been quite as successful, but these experiences have helped to move forward. Therefore, I also post the experiences that helped me in the short term.

From today's perspective, I can recommend the MA strategy only conditionally. This strategy is much easier to identify than supply and demand. Demand zones and supply areas are still the most lucrative type of trade for me.

So if you take an intermediate step with other systems, you should identify the supply and demand zones in parallel.

How to identify these zones is described in detail on page 1 of this blog. I wish you much success.

Of course, I will regularly publish more information about the Equilibrium, especially since I have now completed the Oracle Certified Professional, Java SE 8 Programmer in addition to my daily trading with over 95%. This is a very interesting experience, especially when it comes to analyzing the bases of calculation of different auxiliary indicators and generating own auxiliary indicators.

This saves time, because even as a full-time retailer, you do not want to sit in front of the monitors all day long. I wish you a successful week.

best regards

--- 帖子 #630 ---
[quote=Bionics;11336670][quote=HumbleLearne;11334999]I have now completed the Oracle Certified Professional, Java SE 8 Programmer

May I ask, with this cert meaning you are able to develop you own EA? It is good to know programming as you will be able to keep what is you hard work.

--- 帖子 #631 ---
[quote=okshop;11336680]

Hello Okshop,

Basically, I was at Java to get to know the basics of a programming language closer. The MetaTrader indicators are programmed in mq4 or mq5, a completely different programming language. But you can see many parallels that make translating easier.

If you master Java or C ++, that does not mean that you can program indicators. But it's a start. It was important for me to better understand the calculation principles of some indicators.

Basically, I do not open or close a trade baden on the statement of an indicator. But many help indicators help enormously and simplify the overview. This saves time to simplify certain processes. But it takes a lot of time and patience.

So I'm not interested in developing my own indicators for entry or exit, but auxiliary indicators that simplify my daily routine as Scalper. I have already shared some of these Top indicators from very capable programmers here at FF in some of my blogs.

It's just a little help and as a professional trader you know how much time we sometimes spend each day. I have a lot of idea for auxiliary indicators that make life easier, I did not always want to burden others with it, so I started to deal with it.

But until I master that perfectly, years will pass. But I have enough time, so why not start now?

I wish you a perfect week.

best regards

--- 帖子 #632 ---
WOW thats great Sir really happy to know that you have successfully compleated Oracle Certified Professional, Java SE 8 Programmer in addition to your daily trading with over 95% thats quit an achivement  i real get motivated from people like you because of the kind of hardwork and dedication you guys have towards work i really wish you best of luck for your furture

The TLP that i was asking from you was for the chart that you have already posted above because its not that i cannot attach indicators to MT4 but since you are expert in the field in already done it will be much more easier for me for example i dont know how and where to exactly place the 2 horizontal red and geen lines that the reason i had asked your expert contribution

--- 帖子 #633 ---
[quote=HumbleLearne;11337112]{quote}{quote} WOW thats great Sir really happy

Hello HumbleLearne,

Thank you for your congratulations, Java has been a real challenge of over 1,000 hours, I've never had anything to do with programming before, and I'm glad the basics are over now. The right work is only starting now.

To your question:

Only two indicators were installed in the chart, a normal MA in the M5 and a MA indicating the MA in the M5 on an hourly basis.

The green and red line was simply drawn where the MA crossed on an hourly basis. That was just an orientation for me then. In principle very simple and clear, only as already written very slow and therefore ineffective. Nevertheless, I have been able to record my first noteworthy profits.

I hope that answers your question, if you want to have the MA on an hourly basis I can send it to you, but only from Wednesday, since I'm still on vacation.

best regards

--- 帖子 #634 ---
always its pleasing to come to your thread and see your topics both in long term targets n short term. another brilliant approach to see market differently. can you share this template?

--- 帖子 #635 ---
100% agreed

my view monthly trends are up , no need to be panic , its retarce after a huge run . after this retrace it will again start its journey back up

--- 帖子 #636 ---
Hello razaali,

Thank you very much for your kind words. Although I have not followed this system for years, it was nevertheless the start of a successful trade for me. I had a similar MTF MA many years ago as the "movingaverage_mtf", but here it seems to give a more recent MA "All time frame averages 1.4" (I can not provide any information about that because I'm not using it).

I hope this helps you further.

best regards

Attached File(s)   movingaverage_mtf.ex4

4 KB
|
431 downloads
Attached File(s)   movingaverage_mtf.mq4

4 KB
|
517 downloads
Attached File(s)   All time frame averages 1.4 (1).ex4

21 KB
|
513 downloads

--- 帖子 #637 ---
Hello razaali,

Consent also from my side, we agree

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

For about two months the EURUSD has been in a big equilibrium. (highlighted in yellow). That means a great deal of uncertainty. However, there was still no demand zone that was so strong to catapult the course up. Interestingly, between 1.16 and 1.10 there are three strong demand zones that could bring the price to 1.30. I calculate once with the top red zone and wait as the course in this zone reacts.

best regards

--- 帖子 #638 ---
Pullback end?

Hello dear traders,

On the 7th of August I posted the following chart

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The course goes down, was my assumption confirmed. I had drawn 4 resistance lines that were about 180 pip apart. The first resistance line was severely broken in the daily chart, however, this resistance line was effective.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

At point 1 you can see how the red resistance line was broken in the daily chart. In the M30 things looked very different. As you can see at point 1, the strong downtrend has been trapped by the resistance and equilibrium has been created within that line. After that, the course broke through the red resistance line and returned to it. I recorded another resistance line in the M30 Chart. The course hit the resistance line for the first time at point A and only at point B did it continue down the course. You see how important it is to draw in the smaller time units its resistance lines. Let's take a look at the picture.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The resistance at point 1 was almost exactly to the point, then the course turns down. We have just analyzed the red resistance zone and the blue resistance zone has also rejected the course by 100 pip. That's no reason to celebrate. In the smaller time units, the resistance zones must now be kept in mind. This gives more clues as to whether the overall upward trend in the monthly chart will continue. To make statements like: If the price goes above 1.255 the uptrend is active again are absolute nonsense. The price is currently at 1.135, up to 1.255 it is still 1.200 pip. That would be a strong upward trend and you would only get in, if you had missed a lot.

Everyone knows that there are strong and weak resistance zones. The art consists of drawing in and then interpreting these resistance zones. No one can foresee the future. Although I succeed in drawing many resistance zones correctly and correctly interpret them, I am often wrong. Since I draw my resistance zones to the M5, I am able to set my stops to 4-5 Pip. These stops are slightly below my marked resistance zones. When my stop is triggered, I am very happy in almost all cases, because the course then runs strongly in the other direction. With a stop of 5 pip, a risk profit ratio of 6 is faster to achieve than if my stop is 20 pip. As a Scalper, my stay in the market is short-lived anyway. The longer I'm in the market, the more dangerous it is for me to give back part of my profits. But that is an individual matter of opinion.

The fact is, with the view of supply and demand, I have been able to increase my expetancy value above average and this value is for me the deciding factor for success. I have already written a detailed review. No trader knows where the journey is going, but one can often anticipate a part of the way through the Equilibrium.

I wish you much success.

best regards

--- 帖子 #639 ---
Bear or bull trap?

Hello dear traders,

you've heard or read it many times, what is a bull or bear trap? It is supposed to be a trap in which the investor, who expects falling or rising prices, invests on the basis of his analysis and subsequently turns out to be a misjudgment. Are these traps really, or is that just a myth?

Let's first look at an H4 in the EURUSD from January 2018 to the end of April 2018.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

At the beginning of the year there was a strong uptrend, at point A a strong equilibrium was created, after which the price continued to rise sharply. There I have marked a resistance zone. The price was 1.255 (point B) and then came into my resistance zone at point C for the first time. The course was rejected and a great equilibrium was born. Thereafter, the price moved back to the resistance line and broke through at the point D. This point D we now look more closely at the M15 chart.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Due to the price development, I refined my in H4 pink drawn resistance line with two blue lines. In addition, I drew two more blue guides. From point 1, the course went slowly down. Shortly before the lower high resistance line he ran slowly up again. A clear equilibrium.

There are 3 different states in the market.

1. Offer outweighs the demand = price drops

2. Demand outweighs the offer = price rises

3. Supply and demand are balanced

1. Offer = Seller (short)

2. Demand = Buyer (long)

The quantity available on the market represents the supply, the demand is the quantity that the buyer would like to purchase. In the stock market environment, the price strives to find a so-called equilibrium. At that moment, buyers and sellers are equally satisfied until an imbalance rebalances in favor of supply or demand. Then the prices rise or fall again. These competing factors (supply and demand) meet each other in all markets and regulate the price.

In the stock market environment, the price strives to find a so-called equilibrium. At that moment, buyers and sellers are equally satisfied until an imbalance rebalances in favor of supply or demand. Then the prices rise or fall again. At point 2, the course came after point C (Figure 1) for the second time in the resistance zone. He was a little more dismissed and ran into my drawn blue zone (point 3). From there he ran back down to the point 4 and came back into the resistance zone. This time around, the course was not so heavily dismissed and started a third time to break the zone. Some traders now make the mistake of placing a sell stop order below point 4. That would have gone well for just under 10 pip at point 5, after which the price went up by 66 pip (to point 6) and would have stopped many traders. Pay attention to what the course does after entering the blue resistance zone at point 3. The course was turned down, came into the large resistance zone and then ran back up. There he was rejected again and ran back into the big resistance zone. By now you should have noticed that the selling pressure is not strong enough to break the resistance zone. That means there are still buyers who need to be satisfied. Only at point 6, the buyers were satisfied and the seller could prevail. As the course went up again I realized that he could run down to the red zone at the latest. If you look at the overall picture in the H 4 Chart, it will be clearer. The upper red zone was therefore also a very strong resistance zone. So you could have taken the risk to trade down from that zone, or wait until point 7. Once the price broke the blue resistance line at point 7, you could trade down.

There is a fixed rule for me. I basically do not buy or sell in or after such a strong zone, but always far ahead. As the price tends towards this strong zone, I am able to set my stop to zero relatively quickly, and wait for what happens. Of course I can not know how the course develops exactly. The advantage is, as soon as the course comes back I am stopped out and have lost nothing. I can repeat this until the price breaks through the strong resistance zone and my plan with it rises. Some traders are also going to go below the resistance level above the entry level. It should be noted, however, that the course is only strong through the resistance line, shortly thereafter comes back the pullback. If I get in there that is not beneficial.

Twice the price has entered this strong resistance line and many traders have assumed that it would go through the third time. Of course, the big players knew that at the moment. As I have already written in some posts, is a trade of a big player is particularly successful if he takes as few traders with up or down. But you have to lure the other dealers first on the wrong track and then act in the opposite direction. This will stop all unwelcome traders and the big player can continue my way unhindered up or down. From the point of view of still young traders, there is a bear and a bull trap.

You can also see it differently. Three times the price has entered the strong lower resistance zone and three times there were not so many sellers on the market that the price could break through the zone. Therefore, the course had to run once again up to find enough sellers there. At point 6, enough sellers entered the market to push the price through the resistance zone. This can also be clearly recognized by the strong bearish candles. That's why I analyze supply zones and demand zones with the Equilibrium. This makes it faster to detect alleged bear and bull traps. Indicators are less reliable, at point 2,4 and 5 you have shown a clear downtrend while at point 6 a clear uptrend has been shown.

The dramatic thing is that the process is the same again and again, after some 10,000 hours of trading, you will experience the same thing. But you can abbreviate the whole thing by dealing with the Equilibrium. Record your supply and demand zones and quickly see where the price can possibly go. Of course, this is no guarantee because the price is always purely random, but the probability of making the right decision is significantly increased. I hope I could give you a little insight and wish you a nice weekend.

best regards

--- 帖子 #640 ---
It depends on your perspective………………….to those who understand the basic "Laws of Supply and Demand" it's just MYTH, it only becomes a trap for those who think in straight lines……..

If you foolishly believe :

Price rises due to an increase in demand

Price drops due to an increase in supply

Then of course the investor, who expects falling or rising prices, invests on the basis of his analysis and subsequently turns out to be a misjudgment.

That linear type thinking goes against the basic "Laws of Supply and Demand"

Retail traders think in straight lines…….they "believe" there is a direct (linear relationship) between Price and Supply/Demand. That makes them uninformed, and predictable, and easily exploited by the informed.

But then again, an Investor isn't a Trader either………..

You postulate that price rises due to an increase/imbalance in Demand

But the "Law of Demand" (economics 101) shows that's not true…………..

A. The Law of Demand

The law of demand states that, if all other factors remain equal, the higher the price of a good, the less people will demand that good. In other words, the higher the price, the lower the quantity demanded. The amount of a good that buyers purchase at a higher price is less because as the price of a good goes up, so does the opportunity cost of buying that good.
Read more: Law of Supply and Demand: Basic Economics https://www.investopedia.com/univers...#ixzz5OYZB807T

the higher the price, the lower the quantity demanded

Anyone who knows how Auction Markets operate, knows price rises to cut off the flow of Buyers/Buying

You postulate that price drops due to an increase/imbalance in Supply

But the "Law of Supply" (economics 101) shows that's not true…………..

B. The Law of Supply

Like the law of demand, the law of supply demonstrates the quantities that will be sold at a certain price. But unlike the law of demand, the supply relationship shows an upward slope. This means that the higher the price, the higher the quantity supplied. Producers supply more at a higher price because selling a higher quantity at a higher price increases revenue.
Read more: Law of Supply and Demand: Basic Economics https://www.investopedia.com/univers...#ixzz5OYZB807T

the higher the price, the higher the quantity supplied

Anyone who knows how Auction Markets operate, knows price drops to cut off the flow of Sellers/Selling

Price fluctuates regardless of Supply and Demand……….

It's being able to differentiate when price rises/falls due to a shift in demand/supply curve, and when a price rises/falls when there is no shift in the shift in demand/supply curve.

What you see on the price chart are the (after) "Effects" of the changes /shifts in the supply & demand curves, not the impetus.

If you want to see shifts in supply & demand you need to be looking a graph of S&D, rather than a price chart.

Supply and demand and equilibrium price are all NONLINEAR FUNCTIONS of price……………….

The solution to Supply and Demand is given by a nonlinear equation…………………….

We know it's nonlinear function, because it's data plots a CURVE……………………………..

NONLINEAR PRICE EVOLUTION By G. CAGINALP Mathematics Department, University of Pittsburgh, Pittsburgh, PA 15260-0001

"However, the demand and supply are generally nonlinear functions of price. We show that the information on this nonlinear variation of demand and supply leads to a more accurate description of price evolution toward equilibrium. With this additional information the optimal forecast for the price of the good or asset is given by a nonlinear equation. This yields an advantage to traders utilizing all of the available information on supply and demand functions, rather than simply the value at the current price………….."
Attached Image

Supply & Demand

In microeconomics, supply and demand is an economic model of price determination in a market. It postulates that, holding all else equal, in a competitive market, the unit price for a particular good, or other traded item such as labor or liquid financial assets, will vary until it settles at a point where the quantity demanded (at the current price) will equal the quantity supplied (at the current price), resulting in an economic equilibrium for price and quantity transacted.

Graphical representations
Although it is normal to regard the quantity demanded and the quantity supplied as functions of the price of the goods, the standard graphical representation, has price on the vertical axis and quantity on the horizontal axis.

Since determinants of supply and demand other than the price of the goods in question are not explicitly represented in the supply-demand diagram, changes in the values of these variables are represented by moving the supply and demand curves (often described as "shifts" in the curves). By contrast, responses to changes in the price of the good are represented as movements along unchanged supply and demand curves.
Pasted from <https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Supply_and_demand>
Attached Image

What is "equilibrium"  "equilibrium price" and in what "Context" is it used in "Supply and Demand"?

The price that makes quantity demanded equal to quantity supplied is called the equilibrium price. It occurs where the demand and supply  curves intersect .
Pasted from <http://www.dummies.com/education/eco...ly-and-demand/>

(Did you notice the "Context" does not refer to locations on a price chart)

equilibrium price

the price that balances quantity supplied and quantity demanded. And the price at the point of intersection of a supply and demand curve. Sometimes called the market-clearing price because at this price everyone in the market has been satisfied.
Pasted from <https://quizlet.com/47239203/chapter...n-flash-cards/>

equilibrium

a situation in which the market price has reached the level at which quantity supplied equals quantity demanded. The point where supply and demand curves intersect.
Pasted from <https://quizlet.com/47239203/chapter...n-flash-cards/>

A Linear Price chart and a Nonlinear S&D chart

Two completely incompatible charts

Supply & Demand has price on the vertical and quantities on the horizontal

MT4 Price charts have price on the vertical and time on the horizontal
Attached Image

Supply & demand is a nonlinear function, a nonlinear system of equations can not be solved, graphed, interpreted, or calculated using a linear systems of equations. (STRAIGHT LINES) This isn't an opinion, it is a fact.

Linear EquationsA simple linear equation is of the form: y = mx + c A linear equation looks like a straight line when graphed. It has a constant slope value. The degree of a linear equation is always 1. Superposition principle is applicable to a system characterized by a linear equation. The output of a linear system is directly proportional to its input.

Non-Linear EquationsA simple non-linear equation is of the form: ax2 + by2 = c A non-linear equation look like a curve when graphed. It has a variable slope value. The degree of a non-linear equation is at least 2 or other higher integer values. With the increase in the degree of the equation, the curvature of the graph increases. Superposition principle does not apply to the systems characterized by non-linear equations. The input and output of a non-linear system is not directly related.

Supply & demand is nonlinear, a nonlinear equation cannot be solved or measured using linear functions (straight lines & price charts)

The distance between 2 points/price is a "Direction" (linear function…….. measurement along a line) , not an "amount"

Supply & Demand is not a direction…………it is an "amount"

Just a little "Food for thought"

--- 帖子 #641 ---
[quote=mzvega;11384318]{quote} It depends on your perspective……

Hello mzvega,

Thank you for your opinion and your food for thought, I am always happy to hear the opinion of other traders, because I always like to learn.

I am particularly pleased that you remain polite, because after all this is about the matter and not about personal sensitivities. I am very impressed, because if someone read your contribution, it all sounds very logical. You rely on science and assume that these scientific statements are all correct. Basically, I can also agree with you in many things.

Every person who has completed an apprenticeship or a degree course knows it from personal experience. Theory and practice are often two different worlds. In principle, recognized science is nothing other than what most people have agreed on. Until one day someone know better, then all have to agree again.

It's not about being right, but I'm more glad about it if I'm right in trading. Explaining this procedure in a simple way is sometimes very difficult, but as soon as you explain it scientifically, nobody understands it anymore.

Science is based on possible theories that are either confirmed or refuted. If there were no theories, there would be no basis for discussion to refute them. Trading has little to do with previous scientific findings, because trading is a pure chance product. Of course, you can calculate odds, but it brings little advantage in trading.

If your or my statements were correct, it could be used to create a secure strategy that would overshadow any existing trading system. Unfortunately, this mean that neither science nor you or me are right. Science is not bad because there are wrong assumptions, but a good development process to get closer to the truth.

I find that exciting, because it leads to great dealers like you and many others who set up theses and strategies and act accordingly. I would never discuss with you that you are wrong, because it could well be that you are correct in Contrary to all scientific evidence.. And that's exactly where we are at the point:

Contrary to all scientific evidence

Science is not the biggest mistake of life, but the conclusions we have made. So the problem is not science but man, because he is wrong. The old thesis, "The earth is a disk," was also refuted, just as it was believed for 40 years that plants can not absorb solids or liquids through their stomata.

The scientific interpretation of supply and demand is only what has been agreed upon, but it does not mean that this interpretation is correct. Every trader has his own opinion and works hard every day to learn and develop. And that is exactly what will help us all, because movement brings us all together forward. Exactly there are the many great blogs of successful dealers in FF.

Thanks again for your very valuable contribution and a continued success in daily trading.

best regards

--- 帖子 #642 ---
Hello dear traders,

Two weeks ago, I already charted four key resistance and support lines in the EURUSD Daily Chart.

Attached Image

The course has gone through the red support line and has changed its course exactly up the blue line.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Now let's take a closer look at the price history in H4.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

From point 1 the course has gone down 160 pip and has found a small resistance on the red line. After that he has run another 160 pip to the point 3. There he made a U-turn and set his course up. After 150 pip, right at the beginning of the red line marked, there was a small reset of 40 pip. You realize how important it is to draw in the smaller time units its resistance zones and support zones.

If we actually had a stronger uptrend now, the price would now have to go up through the red zone. The upper green line represents another resistance. From today's Daily Open, the price could go up another 80 pip until the next strong resistance emerges. If the downseller is then turned down in the red zone and continues up its course, an uptrend could actually take shape. But it is not so far and therefore we have to wait a bit longer.

best regards

--- 帖子 #643 ---
Your own blog

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Hello dear subscribers,

Many subscribers one day even plan to post a blog to FF, or have already done so. It's exciting, insanely interesting and I can only animate you. In addition to the aspect that you can help other people, you also help yourself. There is a clear difference just to act or explain to others how to act. After 440 posts, I became aware of a lot of what I intuitively did before. This made many things clearer. However, it is also a big challenge that requires a lot of time. The articles that are published should be entertaining and educational. Everyone should be able to understand the strategy and you should write simple and understandable. A major hurdle is the language barrier, English is the required main language. To write an article in his native language is still reasonably manageable, it becomes difficult if this article then has to be translated into another language. This is also a challenge, as many words can not be translated correctly. If two different members from other countries exchange information in English, misunderstandings can quickly ensue. As a blog owner you are a journalist, writer, moderator, graphic artist, supporter, coach, communicator, arbitrator and much more.

My blog has been in existence for 229 days, and during that time I've published just 440 posts with 530 images. There are 13 articles per week with 16 chart images. A lot of work is to create the chart images and to describe in detail afterwards. That can quickly be 30-40 hours per week. There I admire Ata from the blog "EURUSD only". He is present every day for 8-10 hours in his very successful blog and has a lot of work with it. Sure, he'll be at the head of FF in a year or two. And rightly so, because he offers many traders a current and very interesting platform. Maintaining and developing a blog makes the writer unselfish to support other members. I've enjoyed doing that so far, because I know that it helps many traders and the majority of traders and subscribers have thanked for it very often and expressed their appreciation. This confirms the time-consuming work and for that I would like to thank you once again.

I find FF an excellent medium to expand our knowledge and to absorb and implement great ideas from successful traders. Unfortunately, there are sometimes less beautiful experiences in many other blogs, as a blog writer you should be prepared for it. When you write a blog, there are people who do not like it that much. They come to your blog and want to make trouble. Of course, these people just come to correct you. What causes people to go into other blogs and show the world that the blog writer is stupid and has absolutely no idea? It's about vanities, especially about envy. What can cause envy? There are many reasons, interesting posts, positive and friendly climate in the blog, number of subscribers, success of the blog writer or a thousand other reasons. If I really want to help a blog writer, I write to him personally and do not put him on his own blog as ignorant. It's clear that someone who criticizes in this way wants to do less to help, but to show "I'm better, smarter, and more successful than you." Whoever criticizes makes advertising in foreign blogs.That's also a kind of indirect recruitment of new members: "Look how smart I am and come to my blog, because you at least learn how to do it right." This success, however, is short-lived, because every beginner quickly realizes whether the information helps him or not. Basically, you often have to ask yourself, where the smart aleck, who know everything get their knowledge. If he himself wrote and published a diploma thesis on this topic, a link to his diploma thesis would certainly help. But the opposite is the case, the science is brought to the fore and should prove that the smart aleck is right.

If one cites unchecked scientific papers, one should not forget: The scientists never agree with each other. What one asserts refutes the another. Therefore, most scientific papers can often be challenged with other scientific papers. It only gets bad if you yourself are not a scientist in this field. Thus, one is not able to distinguish scientific statements from each other and thus make no weighting. (You can do that, but that would not have a scientific background anymore)

Do not be fooled by such written off things. I have respect for those who can quote their own dissertation, but not those who simply quote things whose veracity they are unable to validate because they lack the scientific background. The bad part is that the longer these people give these non-original wisdom, the more they believe in it. But now comes the hammer.

The critic will say: No, I just want to protect the subscribers from this charlatan. If they trade false information, they all lose a lot of money, so I feel called to save those subscribers with my in-depth knowledge. Really impressive, a real Robin Hood. This, however, questions the responsibility of the subscribers. I am convinced that the beginners are very critical these days. Any reasonable person would try a new system in the demo account before using his hard-earned money.

When creating your own blog, do not take everything seriously. In my blog you will read over and over again that I question my statements myself and never claim that I am right, or that my way of acting is the absolute novelty. Not that we misunderstand, knowledge is important, and people who use their knowledge to help other people earn respect and recognition. Unfortunately, foreign knowledge is often used to satisfy vanities. If a smart aleck has taught you how stupid you are, take it easy. At some point, this smart aleck sits in front of his screen and has to manage his own loss trades.

Take a look at his blog and you'll find that there are some people on the Ignored list. Then you should be clear. If you meet a ghost driver on the highway, you're probably on the right track. If there are 10 ghost riders, you should ask yourself if you are still on the right track. Actually, these blogs should be used at FF to share opinions or experiences. If someone looks around your blog, there are only two ways, he uses that information or he leaves the blog. If a trader claims that the RSI is the most important indicator, I would never discuss it with him. After all, he has to act with it, not me.

If someone criticize the way you act, that is a great compliment, because it shows that you are going the other way and you are not following existing rules. This is also urgently needed, because since the stock market and the forex market exist, millions of systems have been tried and no system is so successful today that everyone wants to trade with it. This means that everything that has been collected so far is not really successful. After all, there are 3-5% of all traders who trade successfully, but this is less due to any indicators or systems, but to the experience and intuition of the successful trader. This intuition is hard to explain, you have it or you do not have it.

The stock market and the forex market are a pure chance product. If more contracts or shares are bought than sold, the price goes up or vice versa. No person and no computer knows, how many buys or sells. The only thing you can do is to suspect. This means trying to improve the probability in his favor. Of course, there are formations or figures that appear again and again, but in the end, the market remains a random product. You can scientifically analyze trading as well as roulette, but in the end that does not bring you more profit or loss. The pro is just as smart as the beginner. The only difference between a professional and a beginner is the experience and it has something to do with time. And this is exactly the time you have to take in order to possibly succeed. Unfortunately there is no scientific guarantee for this.

That's why I would be pleased if there are more courageous dealers who publish their own blog. Have courage and publish your first blog, I think many of you can help others. It is not always about the trade, psychology, courage, perseverance and success are also important issues that should be considered. If you have any questions or need help creating your own blog, I'll be happy to help you as far as I can. Since I can not help everyone, I would like to limit this to the members in this blog.

I wish you a lot of success.

best regards

--- 帖子 #644 ---
Intermediate

Hello dear traders,

Shortly an intermediate to the EURUSD

60 hours ago I posted the following chart picture with text

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

If we actually had a stronger uptrend now, the price would now have to go up through the red zone. The upper green line represents another resistance. From today's Daily Open, the price could go up another 80 pip until the next strong resistance emerges. If the downseller is then turned down in the red zone and continues up its course, an uptrend could actually take shape. But it is not so far and therefore we have to wait a bit longer.

Result and analysis

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The course entered the red zone shortly after my release. In the Daily Chart you can see that the price is running strongly through the red zone( point 2). My guess was that in the green zone (circle at point 7) comes to a next strong resistance. Quite correct I could not determine the zone. (Between point 6 and 7) Likewise, the course did not return to my red resistance zone as expected, but was previously rejected (point 7). I had to draw in more guides. As expected, the course then ran into my blue zone, (point 8) where it was turned down by 85 pip. Overall, the price went up by 185 pip from the red to the blue resistance zone. In this area you could settle some interesting trades.

Conclusion:

My own definition of supply and demand may not meet the usual scientific requirements, but it works curiously. Possibly by luck, but if one over 65% of the zones correctly draws one can call this hit quota not necessarily as luck. Here I work with three time units. MN or W1 for the parent trend D1 or H4 for the middle trend H1 or M15 for the short-term trend

Depending on the volatility or candle formation, I use these individual time units to draw my supply and demand zones. In the M5 chart I'll handle my positions. As Counter Trend Scalper I often act against the trend, which has the advantage that I am very fast in the plus. With a quick stop zero strategy you will be quickly stopped out but will not lose you. When a turnaround begins you are one of the first in the game and can run and manage the trade. This requires exact zones, which come into play over three time units. For a better overview, you can mark these zones in different colors. Optimal are the zones that occur simultaneously in all three time units. One is thus able to refine the large zones. This gives you more accurate entrances. Pay attention to the strong price developments, when a price goes so high up or down it breaks through an invisible strong zone. This zone must be found and marked in the respective time unit. In addition I have already posted a detailed blog with the Momentum indicator as an aid.

The next hurdle is now the blue resistance line and the overlying red zone. If we come across it, an uptrend could continue.

I wish you much success today

--- 帖子 #645 ---
Dear Bionics,

I'm sorry. I am writing a sentence using Google translation. So I think it is difficult to read my sentences.

I am learning your system. I seemed to have several types of equilibrium zones that you draw. I will post an example to clearly tell.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In the first image (Post187), you draw a zone on the chart using the candle's body. In the second image (Post590), you draw a zone on the chart using the candle wick. How do you use these zones differently? Do you have any basic rules? Or are you drawing zones in a sensation based on experience?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Currently, I do not know how to use it properly, so I draw a zone on the chart using only the candle wick. Now I drew a zone on EURUSD chart myself. The red zone was drawn using the time axis of H4. The purple zone was drawn using the time axis of H1.

Best regards,

--- 帖子 #646 ---
[quote=Xinobi;11407795]Dear Bionics,

Hello Xniobi,

First of all, welcome to the blog: Equilibrium a key to success. I am glad that you are dealing with the Equilibrium and I would like to write you a few sentences about it. Basically my way of doing trend reversal is based on working without standard indicators. However, I do work with auxiliary indicators that give me some additional information. This type of trading is much more demanding than with two MA, but it takes more time to achieve satisfactory results. Analyzing the pure price chart is a great challenge, as the formation of candles is represented differently in each time unit. The larger the time unit in which a candle is formed, the more accurate the information. But the larger the time unit, the higher the fluctuation range of a candle. To derive information for an Equilibrium from this is not always easy.

At the beginning of my contributions, I first tried to show the reader a feeling for the Equilibrium. It's about the 3 different states in the market.

1. Supply dominates demand

2. Demand dominates the supply

3. Equilibrium

The first picture was to identify the equilibrium and derive a possible scenario for the future. Therefore, the visibility of the wicks was reduced and the momentum indicator made the strongest candles visible. This would make it easier and faster to identify an Equilibrium. The lines that you draw to the right from equilibrium are somewhat inaccurate and can only roughly determine resistance levels.

If there is an uptrend in the market and then an equilibrium is formed, it means that supply and demand are equally satisfied. This does not mean that the course has to go down again. Equilibrium means that buyers and sellers agree, but it also means uncertainty about where to go next. Within equilibrium there are small price fluctuations. (Of course there is also large equilibrium, in higher time units, we do not want to take this into account).

When a course goes up, it can suddenly turn down, continue up, or go into equilibrium. When the course is in equilibrium, it can only run up or down from this range of equilibrium. That's why I pay more attention to the Equilibrium. However, equilibrium does not always result in a turnaround. I basically do not work with candle formations or pictures, because the candle formation in every chart image is purely coincidental. This makes the Equilibrium more interesting for me.

The determination of support and resistance lines is often based on empirical values with the help of Equilibrium and with the help of supply and demand. Crucial here are the above-average price movements up or down. When a price moves sharply up or down, the price breaks an invisible resistance line. Exactly this invisible resistance line must now be found. The likelihood of this line returning as a resistance at a later date is very high.

In the second picture you can see how I try to refine and narrow the zones. As Counter Trend Scalper, I often act against the trend, which has the advantage that I am very fast in the plus. This trading offensive is very dangerous as I often go down in a strong uptrend. For less experienced traders, I'd rather recommend longer term trades with the trend. Scaling as a beginner against the trend is pure money destruction. It takes at least 20,000 hours of trading experience to be profitable. So it's perfectly normal that you can not handle this kind of trading in the beginning. For that you need a lot of time and experience.

Over 3 months ago, on May 17, 2018, I recommended 10 zones that were relevant to me at that time. (Post 560)

https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...1#post11070941

Let's take a look at the price history in an H4 overview.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

We only pay attention to the zones, as the course has run out of the zone at some point. If you draw the lines in your M15 chart image, you will make an interesting discovery. These zones have remained active to this day. Is it coincidence or is the way of determining a zone an interesting alternative? Not all zones worked well, but that's because I usually correct my zones every day. These mapped zones were not corrected over 3 months.

Sometimes I draw zones that I discard a few hours later due to the current price history. So trading means permanent change of the zones by the current price course. It is not a system that can be defined with certain rules. A course is not subject to any fixed rules. The price history in the chart is purely coincidental, as we never know how many traders buy and sell at the moment. Nevertheless, we can see the traces of the great traders and draw conclusions for the future.

With time and a lot of experience you will be able to make up to 75% correct decisions. In addition, the risk / reward ratio must be in a profitable range in order to generate a high expected value. This means you have to draw in your determined zones and see what happens. From this you will learn and you will better place the next zones. To speed things up, in the past, you can start drawing your zones and then scrolling to the future. You should, however, take a currency pair whose price history you do not know by heart. Limit yourself to the majors.

Every trader has his system and opinion on the course and there is nothing to discuss. Just the fact that you have the pure course without standard indicators in your chart, sets you apart from many traders. You're absolutely on the right track, but unfortunately it takes longer than working with 2 MA or the MACD and RSI. But you will be more profitable over time and that's exactly what matters.

I wish you great success.

best regards

--- 帖子 #647 ---
Hello Bionics,

Thank you for the detailed explanation. I am grateful to you.

After I read your article, I started training. I painted the zone without seeing future price course as same as actual battle. But it was a very difficult training. So I decided to lower the level of training. At the moment, I draw a zone while watching the future price course. However, I'm not sure if I'm doing the right training to hone the skills of the Equilibrium system. That's why I want you to see my training.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I first look for a market where there was strong demand or supply. And then I draw the zone in equilibrium which I think is important within that range. In equilibrium the price does not move much. Price rises or falls sharply after equilibrium. I am deciding the zone while conscious of these points.

Best regards,

--- 帖子 #648 ---
Deciding zones

Hello dear traders,

Let's take a closer look at the offer zones and demand zones in the monthly chart.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In 1980 there was a very strong offer zone at point 1 which pushed the price down to 0.56. There was then a strong demand zone to 1.45. Thereafter, the price was pushed to 0.86. At point 2 there was a strong demand zone which brought the price up to 1.60. From 1.60 the price went down in waves. The strongest demand zone (at point A) was terminated precisely in this green zone. There was an equilibrium and at point B a strong demand zone was created which ended exactly in the green line. Then the price ran to 1.255 and was pushed down again. At point C, there was again a strong demand zone. Between point B and C, at the beginning of 2017, a new uptrend started at 1.03. From 1.255 to 1.13 we speak of a pullback so far. It looks like the end of the pullback is reached in the green line (point C).

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In the daily chart, we see the strong demand zone which has brought the price up sharply. This was followed by a pullback. This pullback is now back in a stronger demand zone (point 3). I recommend keeping this zone in mind. You see 3 blue zones point 1,2,3). These zones symbolize a strong demand. Maybe the course could run down again. The purple zone (point 4) would be another demand market, which could then be crucial for a further course.

However, the price is now on a daily chart in a demand zone. If the dealers do not agree, we will first see an equilibrium. From this current line, the price can only go up or down sharply. If the price goes up the first blue line (point A) could be breached and the price will start another pullback on the red line above (point B). If the course continues down, the purple zone would be a drag. The two lower blue lines are further strong demand zones, bringing the price up there at the latest. On a yearly chart, we are still in a strong uptrend. It looks like the pullback is over and the uptrend could continue. We have done it, if the price has run to 1.287 and pullback the price at 1.25 back into a demand zone. Then comes the 1.399 within reach.

These are all speculations and only my personal opinion. As humans are mistaken on a regular basis, we always have to keep an eye on the course in smaller time units and look for offer zones and demand zones.

I wish you a successful week

--- 帖子 #649 ---
[quote=Xinobi;11432400]{quote} Hello Bionics, Thank you for the detailed explanation. I am grateful to you.

Identify daily chart zones

Hello Xinobi,
hello dear traders,

First of all many thanks for the nice compliment and the confirmation of the demand and offer. It's hard at the beginning, but it works well for the start. You should keep in mind that the strong price moves up or down break one or more strong invisible zones. You can continue to draw some of your zones, and you will see if the zone is no longer accepted by the course.

Let me give you a concrete example (EURUSD 2015 to 2017). The basis for this should be a daily chart.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

We start at point 1. Where the red candle starts, we see a lower wick to the left. This means that the initial supply market was rejected. With the beginning of the red candle, the supply market has then prevailed. This zone is now drawn. The course now runs to zone B which we will look at later. Then there is a demand market. Right next to the first green candle (point 2), you can see two upper wicks. Here the demand market was rejected twice. For me, a zone number 2 is created here. After that, the demand market runs to zone 1 (at point 3) and is rejected there. In zone 4 there is a short-term demand market which runs up to zone A where it is heavily rejected. That could have been a typical trap of high-frequency traders.

The price is pushed up at short notice, at point A the trade is sold at a profit and another sell order is opened. That pushes the price down sharply. The course was now further down and there was another Zone 5 which was not easy to recognize. For that you had to go into a lower time unit. From point B, the course was now down. As soon as a demand market arose again, probably these high-frequency traders tried the trick a second time. The course was pushed up to point 5 and then went down sharply. On the way down the zone number 6 was created. The supply market ran to the lower blue line. This resistance zone originated in the nineties and was confirmed again at the end of 2002. Between point 6 and point 7, you may see that the high frequency trader has tried the trick a third time. The course went up again and was then strongly rejected. However, when the course came in the blue line, he was strongly pushed up. I've found that the big players try their tricks until it stops working. After that they choose other zones. One can see very nicely and clearly that afterwards this kind of fake trades did not take place anymore.

From this blue lower resistance zone, the price initially went up. At point 7 there is another zone that I additionally marked in zone 6. In the further course, the zone number 8 and number 9 was created. The previously marked zones worked perfectly up to point 9. Even after point 9, the zones continued to be effective, but the zones became somewhat weaker. Unfortunately, some zones can not be identified at first glance, so you have to work here in several time units.

Let's take a look at where Zone A and B come from.

For that we go back to the beginning of 2015.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Point 1 creates a strong supply market, the price is going down sharply. Now look at points 2,3 and 4. Here the resistance line A is confirmed. Let us now come to resistance level B. You will see a small equilibrium at point 5, after which a strong supply market will emerge again. From point 6 onwards, a strong demand market is emerging that pushes the price up to resistance level A. Points 7 and 8 confirm the resistance line B. Before point 9, the resistance line is severely broken and then there is a very strong demand market. From point 0, this resistance line becomes active and the course then goes up very sharply. You can certainly mark the resistance lines yourself and see how the course reacted. However, I also have to say that my daily chart goes back to 1971. I will show you how to update your data in Post 149.

https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...3#post10714563

Data updating should be done wisely, back up your MT4 data first.

The upper resistance 1.13400 and 1.12955

The mean resistance 1.08314 and 1.08035

The lower resistance line 1.03525 and 1.03048

Please note that we are here in the daily chart so the zones with up to 50 pip are relatively large. Since I work as a Counter Trader with stops of 5 Pip, it is inevitably crucial to switch to smaller time units. Nevertheless, as a trader, I need the overriding trends to make a concrete investment decision.

I did not find this concrete way of detecting zones in the same way. That's why I'm sure I'm on the right track. However, this way requires a lot of training and endurance. However, it is not a Holy Grail, and I am often misguided or wrong. No one can say for sure where the course is going because it is always purely coincidental. The majority of my zones work and give me an expected value that more than satisfies me. One should not, however, ignore the fact that in today's times trading is as demanding as being a doctor, lawyer or architect. And to do this activity you need a lot of time and training. A specialist needs at least ten years and then the right learning begins. So do not be sad if it does not work right away. That would be too easy, because then everyone could do it. And if everyone could, the stock market would not be worthwhile anymore. To be honest, I'm very happy that it's so damn hard to make a profit.

At the beginning I also had to pay a lot of training money until I made money with my way of trading. If I'm right in 70% of my investment decisions, that means that 30% of my investment decisions are incorrect. That's why you have to be willing to lose 30% to win 70%. Basically, this is a good statement, however, if the losses are often behind each other, this may already become a stressful situation. That's why proper money management is the key to success. You already recognize being a trader is one of the most demanding professions in the world. If you belong, you can be very proud.

I wish you a successful trading week

Best regards

--- 帖子 #650 ---
Experiment with 1 candle per month

Hello dear traders,

Supply and demand zones are my basic framework in daily trading. There are exact supply zones and clear demand zones. These zones have nothing to do with time or price lines and are formed arbitrarily and randomly, since the price formation also happens to be random.

Today I would like to show you a very interesting experiment on supply and demand. For this I have selected a relatively small period from May 2017 to today in the Daily Chart. I would like to make the offer zones and demand zones from a single candle. This is an unusual path, but the result is still impressive.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here's a normal daily chart with a momentum indicator. All candles were dyed gray. The momentum indicator now has the task of highlighting all candles with a minimum size of 100 pip. This results in this chart image.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Next, I have marked the strong candles from 100 pip color and drawn from it an area in the future. Now you can see very well how the green areas work as resistance or support. When the price of 1.255 went down, there was an equilibrium in the second area from below. This zone was very strong as immediately afterwards another zone was formed.

After the Equilibrium, the course went down again until it went to the strongest bull zone (point 1) and was turned up there. (Point 2). If the course breaks through a green zone, that zone would automatically turn red, creating a bullish resistance. It can be seen very well, as the course after the Equilibrium runs to point 2 and then again strongly upwards, he was stopped briefly in the green zone and it was again a small Equilibrium.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Next I marked the beginning of the strong bullish candle with a green line. Interesting to see how the course responds to these lines.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The same you see now in the area of strong bearish candles. You can see very well how the course responds in these areas.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Then I also marked the beginning of the strong bearish candles with a red line. The course reactions are also very interesting to watch.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Let's get to the overview. The resistance lines marked with the blue arrow come from the past. The green and red areas were partially drawn over each other. Although it is a bit confusing, it is still interesting to see how the course responds to these resistance zones and support zones. More interesting is the picture in the weekly or monthly chart. This makes it even easier to see the long-term zones. It is interesting that in a period of just under 15 months, we only marked 15 strong candles. Of course, these are just rough resistance areas that do not work exactly to the point. But still a very interesting aspect.

A very special attention I would throw on the strongest bearish candle that was created on 14.6.2018. The course has not yet managed to overcome this candle. After entering the bottom green zone on August 15, 2018, the price was pushed up sharply. Since the price has gone up from 1.03, the lower candle is one of the strongest candles. The next important and decisive factor will be to overcome the 1.179 and accept the 1.179 as a dragback pullback. As the 1.255 price went down, breaking the strong 1.20 candle, we will probably encounter strong resistance there.

I like to work in the M15 with this kind of zone marking and have had a very good experience with it. Try to draw yourself these zones with strong candles and watch the rest of the course. I am convinced that these zones will be an important service to you in the future. Even if you do not create supply zones or demand zones with a candle, the results are still interesting. The fact is that this chart image, which was created from only 15 candles, would have given one or the other hint. And every clue can help us to increase our expected value in the future.

I wish you a nice weekend and a great start to the next week.

best regards

--- 帖子 #651 ---
Where is the middle of EURUSD?

Have you ever wondered where exactly the concrete middle of EURUSD lies? This question I once pursued for fun.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

On 01/01/1971, the EURUSD's lowest converted rate was 0.5365, the highest ever EURUSD rate was 1.6038. Adding these numbers and deriving the arithmetic mean results in a value of 1.0697. But this value can not be correct because the price is composed of many different individual values.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

A monthly candle is very informative because it represents the largest unit of time in our chart. From 01.01.1971 to 31.08.2018 574 months have passed. For these 574 months I evaluated all data sets on Open, High, Low, Close and Volume in EURUSD. Regardless of whether one forms the mean value of the individual values Open, High, Low, Close or balances the average of Open and Close with the mean of High and Low, the result remains almost always the same.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In the novel The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy, a supercomputer named Deep Thought has given the answer 42 after a few million years of computing time to the question "life, the universe and everything". The answer to the question where is the middle of EURUSD is: 1.0680. With that you can start in any case more than the answer 42.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The volume in the EURUSD first rose to just over 200,000 shortly before the introduction of the EURO. So let's take a closer look at this time.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

After the introduction of the euro over 6 years passed until the volume first broke through the 500,000 mark. At the beginning of 2016, we peaked at just under 4,000,000. This makes the EURUSD one of the most successful currency pairs in the world today. Of the 5 trillion euros that are converted into currency trading on a daily basis, the EURUSD has the highest value of more than 25%. That's the most important insight to me about the volume.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Therefore, we consider the time frame from 01.01.2002 to 31.08.2018 to calculate the mean value in this period. The lowest price during this period was 0.8570, the highest price at 1.6038. The mean of this gives 1.2304. In fact, the middle is at 1.2525. The candle that has formed in this period can be seen on the chart image. It is a strong bullish candle that is back on the uptrend after a long pullback.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

With the introduction of the euro, the right candle was formed. Now I have the remaining period divided and formed two more candles. You can see very well a strong upward trend and then a doji which shows the uncertainty. With the introduction of the euro, there was again a strong upward trend. Definitely, we are currently above the middle of 1.0680 of the entire period and below the middle of 1.2525 from the launch of the EURO.

What happens next?

In the EURUSD there are no top and bottom and therefore unfortunately no middle. When the EURUSD reached 0.80 shortly before the euro launch, no one could imagine that the EURUSD doubled to 1.60 just 7 years later. Likewise, no one today can imagine that the EURUSD may one day be at 2.30, or maybe even 0.57 again.

Since there is no top and bottom, the price does not matter. That is also the reason why I often do not know what price the EURUSD currently is. Decisive for me is how a candle develops and with it the course. This results in demand and supply and, in the case of unity or uncertainty, an equilibrium. The current price therefore has no relevance for me. In the same way, I do not pay attention to volume. In a market where there is no top or bottom, only the demand or supply is the limit. A price can never be oversold or overbought, so for me, indicators like the RSI are a relic of the past. The price always moves up or down in wavy lines, so I do not care if the EURUSD costs $ 0.50 or $ 1.60. Of course you have to adjust the number of contracts, but on average it does not really matter.

We then earn money when we identify a demand market and get on time with a BUY order and exit at the latest when the price enters a strong supply market.

We then earn money when we identify a supply market and get on time with a sell order and exit at the latest when the price enters a strong demand market.

That's the only secret, but unfortunately that's not always that easy. Forget about the top and bottom, the price, the volume and all the standard indicators. Let's look at supply and demand and success will prove us right. We do not fight against other market participants in this market, but only against ourselves.

best regards

--- 帖子 #652 ---
Outlook EURUSD

Hello dear traders,

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The EURUSD is still in a sideways phase. At point 1, we see a strong demand market up to point 2. From there, the Bears controlled with a supply market to point 3. The strong demand zone brought the price up, but the pressure from above was too strong. At point 4, the price moved further into the strong demand zone and the price rose. The sellers do not seem satisfied yet. Possibly, the price could rise again somewhat towards point 5. Nevertheless, I believe that the price only in the lower green demand zone at point 6 finds enough power and buyers to bring the price higher to the top. However, should buyers now find themselves, this would be possible after a small reset.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

On the daily chart there was a strong demand market in point 1, but this was offset by a strong supply market (point 2). The demand at point 3 failed to break the red zone upwards. The pressure from above was too strong. At point 4 there was another downward pressure and from point 5 on demand was finally so high that the price went up. The red zone could not be broken. This means that the sellers were not satisfied yet. In the last 3 days, a demand market was active, the question is whether it is enough to bring the course over the red zone. Maybe the course has to go down again to find enough buyers, then we have good chances to break the red offer zone. Then the way would be free to 1.28.

I wish you a successful day.

best regards

--- 帖子 #653 ---
Would love to see your analisys in the 5 minute chart if possible!

--- 帖子 #654 ---
Possible zones as a template

Hello dear traders,

Enclosed a chart image from the Daily Chart to describe the current situation.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

At point 1 you can see the strong supply market in the daily chart, which pushed the price down sharply by 280 pip. Before this strong downward movement there was a strong demand market at point 2. I once marked this strong demand market with a blue line. You can see how well the course responds to this blue zone. After this strong supply market there was a short pullback upwards. However, at point 3 we see another strong supply market down. That was already an indication that the downward trend was not over. The demand market failed within the blue line and the supply market pushed the price to the point 4. There we see another strong supply market which failed, however, on the lower resistance. The course recovery could be seen very nicely at point 5. There formed another green resistance zone. Again, strong demand failed within the blue zone and was pushed down. The green resistance zone gave the price a new boost. At the first entry into the green zone, the demand could not develop properly therefore the course had to penetrate a little deeper into the green zone.

Only then were the sellers satisfied and the buyers were able to take over the helm again. Possibly, the buyer's confidence could now be so great as to break the blue resistance line at point 6. When this first step is done, the next challenge is to break out of the red dashed square. This red dashed zone represents a strong supply market that pushes the price down. From the light blue zone begins a demand market which started on 25.8.2017. (Point 7). The point 8 was created on the 11th of January 2018 and the point 9 was created on the 12th of January 2018. Although zone 7 is not yet a demand zone, there are still some supply zones within this zone. From point 8 and 9, the demand market will become stronger, where stronger price increases could then take place. Crucial now is whether the course manages to break the blue resistance zone. But now all buyers are required. As soon as the blue zone is recognized as a resistance zone during the return, we have good chances to see further price increases.

I have created a template for you. Please copy this template into your MT4 Template Order. Additionally copy the momentum indicator into your indicator directory. After the MT4 has been restarted, download the template into your screen on the Daily Chart.

I wish you a successful trading week

best regards

Attached File(s)   Momentum Candles v1.01.ex4

9 KB
|
507 downloads
Attached File(s)   Momentum Candles v1.01.mq4

2 KB
|
550 downloads
Attached File(s)   Daily Zone.tpl

4 KB
|
628 downloads

--- 帖子 #655 ---
Hello emicovi,

First of all, welcome to our blog and thank you for your request.

For your question note the following information.

I work with 3 time units.

MN or W1 for the parent trend
D1 or H4 for the middle trend
H1 or M15 for the short-term trend

Depending on volatility or candlelight, I use these individual time units to plot my supply and demand zones. In the M5 I open and close my positions.

Of course, I also draw supply zones and demand zones in the M5, however, these zones are very inaccurate and not very meaningful. Decisive are my zones for the overall trend, the middle trend and short-term trend. For me, the zones I draw in the M5 are the ultra-short-term trend and are only noticed when these zones match the parent, middle or short-term trend. So it may well be that on my M5 Chart 20 zones were drawn, of which, however, are again erased 50% in the course of the course. In addition, my way of working is different than that of many traders. Basically, I also try to act with the trend, but I often act against the trend. The short-term pullbacks are a safe source of income for me, as I am one of the first in the market, rarely in minus and the short-term pullback can usually take complete.

Thus, I often draw zones, which I can act against the trend in the short term. However, this pullback is often of short duration, until it then continues with the parent trend. If you misinterpret these zones and act on them, you lose money. The larger the time unit, the more accurately one can determine the supply market or demand market. Since I work with very small stops of 5 pip to achieve an above-average opportunity-to-profit-ratio, I have to localize supply and demand in smaller time units. However, these zones are currently being matched against the parent zones. If I post an M5 with supply zones or demand zones and you act accordingly, you may lose money. In addition, not all zones will work because I will delete more than half in the course of the course.

In the next few days I will try to post an idea how to possibly proceed here.

I wish you much success today

best regards

--- 帖子 #656 ---
Bionics,

I have been adopting the POC approach to trading and I have to say, it has opened up a door to so many opportunities. I must thank you for that. I am still practicing my zones and perfecting the entry techniques - as you state earlier in this thread the real way to make a profit is knowing how long to hold these well timed entries and that is my next step on this journey.

I have a question in regards to time of day. I did a recent analysis on EURUSD and have drawn the following conclusions:

1. POC points are typically created 2 hours before the US Open up until the London close.

2. Whips into the POC for optimal entries occur either during the first half of the London session, at the US Open, or at the close of the London session

3. POC points are broken 2 hours before the US Open through the US Open, or later on in the day after the London Close. Basically the same time frame that they are created.

I would like to hear your analysis on for the time of day that you expect to take a trade from an S/D zone. These would be for major ones (on the 1 hr) that can be held for ~40-100 pips.

--- 帖子 #657 ---
[quote=macadamia18;11502206]Bionics, I have been adopting the POC approach to trading and I have to say, it has opened up a door to so many opportunities. I must thank you for that.

Basic trading approach

Hello macadamia, hello dear traders,

I am very pleased that your trading approach with the Equilibrium promises success and opens up many opportunities for you. For me, the area of supply and demand has for many years been the only trading approach to trading profitably. I also think it's great that you experiment to find your own strategy, that's the way to go. If you look at your analysis, you could assume that there are rules in Equilibrium that always occur in similar time units to create a consistent trading approach. Unfortunately, trading in EURUSD is random and there will not be a day when the candles are the same.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

You have set a rule: POC points are created 2 hours before the US Open until the close of London. I once created a chart image for you in H1 over a period of about four weeks. The blue fields mark the period 2 hours before the US Open until the close of London. In H1, the average size per candle is 15 pip. The red and green candles that are visible here correspond to about 30% of the average pip during this period. This would make it easier to identify an Equilibrium. The period of time you have selected is one of the strongest periods in a day. You can also see that in the picture. Whenever a strong price goes up or down it breaks a very strong resistance line. This resistance has to be localized because it is very important for the future. From this I derived a very interesting experiment.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Your set period (2 hours before the US Open to close to London) I have now build a new candle. At point 1 we take the first candle that goes up high. To the left of point 2 we can see how the course was strongly rejected. From this rejection, I draw my resistance line A which goes up through the strong course. We have now drawn a zone that seems to have an interesting effect on the course.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Let's take a closer look at the beginning of Zone A in the M15. At point1 we can see how the price goes up strongly. At point 2, the price is turned down sharply and then goes down. Somewhat below it creates a strong equilibrium lasting over 1 hour. This zone also has an effect at a later date. One sees very nicely when the course enters zone A for the first time, how strongly it was rejected. A 5 pip stop would have been enough to reach 50 pip. That's a very good opportunity-to-risk ratio.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

My first basic approach was to find out in which time it is worth trading. For that I have created two time zones. The red zone is equal to 21:00 CET to 09:00 CET. The gray zone is 09:00 CET to 21:00 CET. It can be seen that the gray areas are much more interesting to action. This is also clear because within the gray zones the market of London and the USA are included. Often the market starts already from 07:30 CET after Asia has left the market.

On the basis of the reactions from Asia after the Close of the USA one can estimate a little whether the day will be interesting or not. From 6:30 CET to 7:30 CET I record my new zones in different time units. From 7:30 CET to 11:30 CET I'm in the trade. Usually it continues from 13:30 CET and depending on market conditions to the US Close. Incidentally, it is a mistake that happened on Friday night not much, just there I have often been able to do the interesting trades.

To come back to your established rules. There is no right and no wrong in this case. If you have worked out certain rules for you that will help you in daily trading and keep you going, use them and do not let others tell you that it's wrong. Every trader is responsible for himself and therefore he has to define and obey his rules. It is completely normal that it takes a while until you have found your way for you. I myself have spent over 10,000 hours with the Equilibrium to define concrete rules for me. However, you have already recognized within a short time how efficiently you can trade with the Equilibrium. Now it's just a matter of turning a few screws to be really efficient.

I wish you a lot of success

best regards

--- 帖子 #658 ---
Before the weekend begins

Hello dear traders,

From 1.03 the uptrend started to 1.255 then there was a bigger pullback to 1.13 now we are back in the strong uptrend towards 1.28.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In H4, the price has not yet broken the 1.18-1.185 resistance level. The red circle (top left) had a strong supply market, pushing the price down to 1.13. At 1.13, there was a strong demand market which has failed to lift the price above the 1.18 / 1.185 mark. There may be another small setback until buyers decide to breach the 1.185 mark. On a yearly chart, we are still in a stronger uptrend. From 1.263 to 1.287, there is strong resistance that can push the price down more. From 1.185 the way to 1.28 is likely to be free. Of course always under the aspect that we move up in wavy lines. Next week, I have some interesting information on the topic, Trading Desk and a few tools that make trading easier.

I wish you a great weekend

best regards

--- 帖子 #659 ---
New project work for you

Education is what is left when we forget what we have learned.

Hello dear traders,

For many years, I have been working as a full-time scalper and day trader in international currency trading, where over $ 5.1 trillion is transacted every day. Foreign exchange is now regarded as a separate asset class, as the market has grown enormously in recent years. The price is determined by supply and demand in each market. Therefore, I only act according to specially created supply and demand zones which I identify with the help of the equilibrium (price equilibrium). Indicators should not be used for buying or selling decisions, but they can be very helpful at work. The programming language these indicators are programmed in has a lot in common with Java and C ++. That was the approach for me to learn a programming language to better understand the indicators and their calculation principles.

I made comparisons between C ++ and Java and finally decided on Java because it was easier to learn from my point of view and possibly had the bigger future. Java again took first place in the TIOBE Index in 2018. The TIOBE Index is a ranking of the most important programming languages. Over 9 million Java programmers worldwide are proof of that. Java is one of the most popular programming languages in the world and is used on more than three billion devices. However, MQL4 has more to do with C / C ++ than with Java, but to learn a programming language, I have chosen this way only once.

In January 2018, I finally opted for a study online course that ran from march to august 2018. The costs of more than 12,000 euros were athletic, but absolutely justified to reach the goal. 8 hours per day over 6 months, that's just 10 € per Java hour. If I compare there other courses, which cost 2.500 € for 5 days my selection was a cheap offer. The timetable was structured, 2.5 months (400 hours) OCA (Oracle Certified Associate) instruction, then the OCA exam. 1.5 months (200 hours) OCP (Oracle Certified Professional) lessons, then the OCP exam and then another 2 months (300 hours) the Enterprise Edition followed by the OCM (Oracle Certified Master) exam. A total of more than 900 teaching units Java and additional learning units totaled more than 2,000 hours.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

After this stressful Java study, I know what it takes to pass the Oracle Certified Associate (OCA), Oracle Certified Professional (OCP) and OCM (Oracle Certified Master) exams on average with over 86%. It took a lot of time and work, but in the end it was worth it.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The three exams that took 2.5 hours each in the Oracle Exam Center were not as stressful as I initially guessed, actually I did not need the exams because I did not want to become a Java programmer, but my ambition was that. In retrospect, however, I'm a little proud that I made it. I'm not a professional for a long time yet, just like stock market trading you need at least 10,000 hours to become a pro. But Java was just the basis for me to learn and build on a programming language.

MQL4 is an object-oriented programming language developed specifically for the Metatrader platform. Originally, its syntax was based on C. The other platform, MetaTrader 5, was released together with MQL5 in 2010, and MQL4 now has new graphics objects and functions from MQL5 for chart analysis. Both languages support almost all standards of object-oriented programming, with the exception of multiple inheritance: data encapsulation and type extension, inheritance, polymorphism, overloading, virtual methods. The main disadvantage of the MQL family languages is the impossibility of creating independent applications.

The first crucial step is to understand how an indicator works. From this I can deduce how this information is important to me or if I need it at all. Basically, you first have to understand how such an indicator is composed. The data input of an indicator receives only price information, time information and the volume from interbank trading. From this information, very different indicators are then created.

The second crucial step is to collect and combine information that is important to me. This creates new forms of information that are crucial to me as a trader.

The third and final step is to create indicators that do not yet exist and to gather information from them that will give me additional arguments for my decision.

Based on the results of indicators, I will never open or close a trade, but only on the basis of my zones of supply and demand, which I come from purely price information. Even the volume is completely irrelevant to me. Nevertheless, so-called auxiliary indicators help me in my decision-making. It will take a while until I am able to independently program these required indicators, but in the last months I have been diligent, very creative and had the professional help of an experienced MQL4 programmer from Germany.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Together we have been following some projects in the last 6 months, the results of which I will introduce to you in the next few weeks. The resulting indicators support my approach to demand and supply in a particular way. It is not a holy grail, but these indicators have not existed in this form so far, and in combination with supply and demand, completely new perspectives open up. These developed indicators require explanation and build on each other. That's why I'll introduce these indicators one by one. That's a basis, because that's where my newly created trading screens are derived, which I will discuss individually. This will give you a trading instrument in your hands. If you use this instrument in terms of supply and demand, you will have a lot of fun in the future.

I wish you a great weekend

best regards

--- 帖子 #660 ---
Hello dear traders,

There are some interesting resistance levels in the H4 chart.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

As already described in previous posts, the next strong resistance at point 1 (1.18106 / 1.18217) has to be overcome. Point 2 (1.188589 / 1.18689) is a support zone that could accelerate the course more strongly from that point onwards. At point 3 (1.19114 / 1.199212) we have another strong resistance zone again. From point 3, the price could go to point A or point B and then continue its further uptrend. A concrete statement whether point A or point B is called, is only possible if the course has reached the point 3.

I wish you a successful day

best regards

--- 帖子 #661 ---
Determine trend strength in any period

Dear Traders,

As promised, I would like to start today with my first project, which has developed over many months. Before I publish the related indicators, a detailed explanation for success is crucial. I think we'll be through with the first project by the end of the week and by then I can upload the first indicators. The information that you receive with these indicators is very valuable and could bring you interesting additional income in the future.

When I made the first attempts to trade successfully in the forex market many years ago, I had no idea how difficult this path would be for me. In these beginners' years, many indicators were used. At first, the motivation to finally have found the right indicator, then came the attempt to act profitably and finally the angry awakening. The indicator was deleted, a new one searched and the whole crap started again.

Then it was time for the Expert Advisor. Who does not dream of making a living while sleeping, while an EA earns many thousands of dollars for you? There were impressive performance curves with incredibly low loss phases. However, these performance curves were not due to a sophisticated system, but to the so-called "curve fitting". For this purpose, the variable optimization is used on a trading platform in such a way that it adapts the values of the indicators used in such a way that the best combination emerges. It is clear to everyone that you can always build an optimal EA in the aftermath, but I do not know any EA that has really worked sustainably in all market phases.

Then there was the possibility of Nachhandelns in the live trading room, while you could trades for a fee, the trades of professionals 1: 1. This type of trading is very controversial, as the equity ratio of individual traders is very different. In addition, I do not want to be dependent on other traders or EA, I would like to know myself what I'm doing and why.

Especially beginners get the feeling that they just have to find out the right indicator settings, then they get a system that magically attracts the profits. This hope is certainly understandable, but this is a fallacy. An indicator basically shows only what the naked chart shows, but with a time lag and often in a smoothed form. Foresight is impossible to achieve with you.

This is certainly a normal learning process and things change over the years until one day I no longer made my actions dependent on indicators and only had the pure chart image in mind. Concentration on the essential was the motto. I'm not against indicators, it just has to be the right ones. The right indicators will give you information and support you to make better trading decisions. But indicators should never make you trade decisions or make decisions for you.

Indicators are generated from the price information of the market and are therefore always trailing and slower than the price information itself. Even the price information is in the moment where they arise already past, because at the same moment again a new price information arises. What we see on the chart picture or in the order book is the past. Although we can guess the future, we can never know what will happen next. Nevertheless, we can use indicators for our purposes if we know that their information is trailing. But just with past information we can get important information regarding supply and demand.

The price in the forex market is arbitrary and random, which is why one can only make inaccurate and random predictions for future price movements from the price information. Scientific findings help in a market that arises by accident, not further. This means that all laws that we know from business can not be applied in a random market. Just think of Lotto or the Powerball. How do you want to proceed scientifically here? The likelihood that a sequence of numbers pulled last week will come back the next week is as high as any other sequence of numbers. This is because the balls on which the numbers are printed have no memory.

There is a small ray of hope in interbank trading and on the stock market, behind the pricing are people who buy or sell. There there are and emotions and with it a memory. And the most important thing is that there is an opinion and a belief, but we can not get on with science here. If the forex market had to be scientifically researched and explained, the stock market code would have been broken long ago. There have been stock exchanges for more than 500 years and until today hardly anyone is able to act in a sustainable and profitable way over the years. The findings so far seem to be purely speculative. 1,000 traders have 1,000 different opinions and that's a good thing, because that's why a stock market works. Even the worst trader is someday right. A clock that has stopped is showing the right time twice a day.

Warren Buffet, George Soros, and James Simons all own over $ 11 billion in private wealth, making them the most successful traders. But they have not earned their wealth day-trading, but funds that have a long-term investment bias. This does not mean that you can not make money with day trading, it's just very speculative and dangerous if you know that over 80% of all traders lose. You do not believe that? Take a look at the website of all brokers in Germany and read on the first page at the bottom of the fine print. There it says:

CFDs are complex instruments and because of the leverage they are associated with the high risk of losing money quickly. 80% of retail accounts lose money on CFD trading with this provider. You should consider whether you understand how CFD works and whether you can afford to take the high risk of losing your money. For professional clients, losses can exceed deposits. Trading carries a high risk.

Note: I believe more than 80% of traders lose.

This is proof that in 500 years of stock market history, there is no significant insight into how to act profitably. So you have to go other ways and experiment to improve the probability to your favor.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

As a trader who trades for Equilibrium, one dreams of a chart image that always indicates exactly the supply zones and demand zones. From this one could always deduce in which trend phase the course is currently. As such an indicator would have to look to the future, it quickly becomes clear that this wish will always remain a dream. Nevertheless, one can gain an advantage with the right tools in the large shark tank.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Some subscribers have often wondered what the numbers below or above my candles mean. These numbers belonged to my project, the idea was born a few years ago but was not realized until this year. Let's start from the beginning.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

As a beginner, one eventually comes to the ZigZag indicator and believes that it can predict future price movements better. At first I was interested in an ordinary ZigZag Color indicator, which colored the ascending lines green and the descending lines red. For the MT5, I quickly found it, however, I found no ZigZag Color indicator for the MT4.

The indicator seeks to represent only significant movements in the market and to eliminate unnecessary "noise". For a 3% Zig Zag, a market movement must have been> 3% from the last relevant point for it to be considered. This indicator is totally unsuitable for accurately predicting future market movements. The last Zig Zag line is only completed when the market has changed direction in the meantime. This means that the last line will be fixed only after the course has long since changed direction. Zag Zag lines should not be confused with trend lines. The supposed accuracy arises from the retroactive adaptation. This means that a supposedly completed line can also extend. The last line is always under reserve and has no significance where the market is next.

Thus, the indicator for a future course prediction is completely unsuitable. Nevertheless, the ZigZag indicator provides a visually highly visible picture of the market direction and the extent of trend and correction movements. The length ratio of individual lines can provide indications of the expected extent of market impulses.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Take a look at the H1 chart in EURUSD. In 100 hours there was a supply market and a demand market. Which trend was stronger? A or B? If you look at the strengths of bullish candles, you would automatically consider Trend B as the stronger trend. In fact, Trend A is just as strong as Trend B.

I wanted to take a closer look at this approach, I was interested in how strong the trend was within a line period and whether it was possible to deduce from it. So I did some calculations for that. I will post these in the next few days.

The ZigZag indicator therefore records lines and I wanted to measure the strong of the candles within a line period. I took the number of pip and divided it by the number of candles. The result was the average pip per unit time. The simplest things are often very efficient. Let's take a look at the previous example in H1:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Our journey begins on August 22, 2018 in the H1 chart at the yellow arrow. From there, the supply market runs to point A. Precisely at point A, the demand market has covered 92.7 Pip within 30 candles. That's 3.1 pip per hour or per candle. This value is now projected by the indicator in the chart. A market demand arises and brings the price to the point B. At the end of point B, the demand market has covered 205 pip within 66 candles. That's also 3.1 pip per hour or per candle. Thereafter, the course goes down to the point C and once again up to the point D. After the point D is created, so point C can not change.

At this moment I have three pieces of information: Trend A has a power of 3.1 Pip, Trend B has a power of 3.1 Pip, and Trend C has a power of 3.7 Pip. If you look at the overall chart for an overview, you will see that the price before point A has been in a strong uptrend. Trend A was a pullback. Trend A and B are equally strong. As point D emerged, it could be seen that trend C was significantly stronger than trend A and B. When point D was created, a value of 3.3 pip was displayed. This value is much weaker than the trend C and stronger than trend B. This could also be concluded on a pullback, but I can not pay attention to this value because the point D is only then established when point E is created. However, the information is quite interesting, Trend A and Trend B are equally strong, and Trend C is stronger than Trend A and Trend B, Trend D might be weaker than Trend C.

Of course, you can not derive any trade decision from this information alone, but it will be a lot easier with supply zone and demand zones. Now some will say for sure that I get very late the information about how strong a trend has been, but also pay attention to the settings of the zigzag lines. The setting is 24/12/6. This value is very high and if I choose the setting 4/2/1, of course, I get much earlier trend trend information, but this is somewhat inaccurate, we will come to this later.

Tomorrow we will look at the calculations and some examples.

I wish you a nice evening.

Best regards

--- 帖子 #662 ---
test this ind

but i think this numbers more useful at the start of leg(not end of leg) to determine probability of price reaction to zone.

--- 帖子 #663 ---
Dear amenocy,

First of all thank you for your contribution and commitment. I also used the AddZZLegRange indicator 8 years ago. This indicator calculates the length of the range in pip, which, however, can only be issued when the market has changed direction in the meantime. This means that the last line will be fixed only after the course has long since changed direction. I once posted a comparison of the AddZZLegRange indicator with my developed indicator. Both indicators have a setting of: Depth: 8, Deviation: 4, Backstep: 2.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In the current H1 chart of the EURUSD we start on 25.09.18 at 16:00 CET at point A. The course runs to point B. From point A to point B the course has covered a distance of 36.7 pip, therefore the AddZZLegRange Indicator gives this value off. Within this route, 11 candles have been formed, which corresponds to an average of 3.3 pip per candle. This value is output from my indicator. Thereafter, the course goes to point C.

With the AddZZLegRange indicator I get the number of pip. My indicator shows that the average strength of both trends was the same. However, I always get this information only when course has long since changed direction again.

At point D we see that the AddZZLegRange indicator still does not provide any information. Basically, it is dangerous to use these two indicators to make a statement on future price movements, nevertheless, any information helps to make possible trading decisions.

I wish you a successful trading day

best regards

--- 帖子 #664 ---
thank you for replay and description .

I changed this indicator to fit your calculation but forgot to change the name of that

--- 帖子 #665 ---
Start with the project

Hello dear traders,

As we have noted - the standard ZigZag is not what we mean by a technical indicator. He is one who takes his time to make his decisions. In reality, the ZigZag only knows at a significant turning point whether the previous already marked turning point is valid at all. It may even be that the Zig - Zag decides completely new and totally changes his picture. The ZigZag pretends so something. He always reacts retroactively and therefore does not provide any information that can be used for trading decisions. The ZigZag standard can be used to analyze the nature of a market, its cycles and price swings. It is basically a noise filter that only marks price movements that are larger than the set filter. It marks the current trend direction with great clarity and ignores price fluctuations below the filter size.

Programmers of trading systems can thus gain an overview of the expected price movements and their intensity. That was the main reason why I used this indicator as the basis of a new calculation.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Before it went into the programming, I wanted to know whether the new calculation basis provides any useful information. That's why I retroactively calculated half a year in H1.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

During this period, 69 zigzags were formed and the pips divided by the number of candles. From this, the average number of pips per candle in each period was determined.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Slide 3

The entire period has been graphically presented to get a first overview. Interesting was also the graphical overview of the Pip change in this period.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I reduced the time to the last 14 ZigZag lines, where I did not consider the last line because it could change.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In turn, I presented the result graphically to get an overview.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

This resulted in the first draft of a possible view. Each of the three adjacent blue numbers means: number of pips in this period, number of candles in that period, and average pip per candle in that period. The bottom histogram should again graphically indicate the size of the average pip.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here you can see the result. Alone I would not have been able to do it at this time, so I would like to thank Georg, (SwingMan) a very professional trader and programmer from Frankfurt. I would also like to thank Nicholishen, who is a very intelligent and strategic programmer and trader. I think it's great how unselfish these people support others, many thanks for that.

Now I would like to do an experiment with you. As you can see, we have a scale of values that ranges from 0 to infinity. Now let's just assign a trend to the values:

Very strong trend = A (2.0 - 3.9 pip)

Strong trend = B (4.0 - 5.5 pip)

Weak trend = C (5.6 - 8.4 pip)

Very weak trend = D (from 8.5 pip)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Let's go into the individual analysis. Beginning in 2018, the price starts at around 1.20 and then goes up to 1.255. At point A we are at 1.22. where the course price does not matter here, it's just about the overview in which area we are. Please note that with a setting of 24/12/6 we can not record every change of course.

Let's start with our experiment. Trend number 1 was very strong and Trend 2 was very weak (pullback). This increases the likelihood of a further rising trend. The Trends 3 is completed and you can see that after 54 hours the trend strength has decreased significantly compared to Trend 1. The probability for a trend reversal exists. Trend 4 is very strong and in principle initiates a longer-term downward trend. There is a pullback with trend 5. Trend 6 is weaker than trend 4, which increases the likelihood that it will go higher.

When Trend 7 is completed, you realize that the bullish trend has become weaker than Trend 5. A good sign for the bears. At point 8 we see how strong this bearish pressure has been and can hope for a bullish comeback. Point 9 and 10 is very interesting. Point 9 shows how strong the bears are now at the helm and point 10 how weak the pullback was. That speaks for further rising courses. Trend 11 was much weaker than Trend 9, so it's a great way to trust the bear. Point 12 was very strong over 80 hours, the bullish pullback point 13 weak. Point 14 was as weak as point 13, indicating a sideways market. Items 12 and 13 suggest that the bears are still at the helm. After a sideways phase, it finally went down further.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Next, let's take a look at the weakest points in this overview. Here you can see very well that after each a very strong trend has gone up or down.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Now let's have a look at a current chart picture until 10:45 CET. The last point C is of course not yet completed, if you look at the history with this course I believe that this indicator can pass on very interesting information. Of course, one can not derive any fundamental laws from this. The market is constantly changing, but I believe that this indicator can help you to make even more precise decisions. Likewise, the numbers certainly need to be adjusted in different market situations to get even more accurate information.

In concrete terms, this is a project and not a finished concept. Of course, the two indicators are already operational, but they still need to be modified and adapted. For that, we need the help of all.

That's exactly the advantage of a large community, I have now posted an idea and will publish the indicator with a detailed guide by tomorrow at the latest. Thereafter, they are all called upon to apply this indicator in different time units and with different settings themselves once and gain experience. Common we will certainly gain further insight and possibly even more concrete statements. I am pleased to implement this joint project with you and wish you a successful trading day today.

best regards

--- 帖子 #666 ---
Hello Amenocy,

great work, thank you very much, i send you a private message.

best regards Michael

--- 帖子 #667 ---
Hello, Bionics

Really interesting, I noticed that when 2 successive waves had the same duration, the 3rd wave had, most of the time, a number of pts higher than the two previous waves

See example on dax 1mn

--- 帖子 #668 ---
Hello mchl13,

First of all, welcome to our blog, I am very pleased that you are also very creative in your actions. Important for a rule is that it can be used repeatedly and appears regularly. Unfortunately, I do not currently handle the Dax because it is too inaccurate for me, too strong overall bullish (over 20 years) and not the power and the nice range of the EURUSD has. As a scalper, I prefer only a sideways range. Nevertheless, the Dax belongs to a very interesting market and it is also very good with the Equilibrium act. But every trader has his own opinion. Important is that your chart image shows only the pure price table. The indicators that I am posting here are purely auxiliary indicators and should only be supportive. In principle, the price scale is the fastest indicator available. I will make that visually clear with my next project. This project is clearer for me than an Orderbook or SmartDom. I wish you success here and I believe that everyone here will be happy to assist you.

best regards

--- 帖子 #669 ---
thank you for the welcome,

For the record, these double zz, as I call them, work on forex and all timeframes,

The only problem is to make sure that the zz are frozen.

--- 帖子 #670 ---
Hello mchl13,

I will upload the indicators of this project with a detailed description tomorrow during the day. That's a bit of work. Then the project work can start and you can see if it meets your requirements. I think we have some exciting trades ahead of us. The nicest thing about it, as a trader you are even more independent and can identify the trends faster.

beautiful evening

--- 帖子 #671 ---
The final countdown (please read also Post 663 and post 667)

Hello dear traders,

In the last two blogs I have presented you the benefits of the two trend strength indicators, the application and a possible interpretation. In principle, it is an indicator that is displayed in the chart image and a histogram. Both have the task to output the same values.
The idea for this trend strength analysis I already had many years ago, when I started to trade only in the pure chart image of the Equilibrium. Since I did not have the programming skills, I put this project back. I focused, the following years, only on supply and demand. After many years I became aware of Forex Factory through a very creative programmer Hanover. In January 18, I opened my blog: Equilibrium, a key to success! In addition, I decided to learn Java programming language to understand the calculation of indicators. Shortly before the start of my online course I posted this project on 24.02.2018 in the blog: "I want to code your EAs and Indicators for no charge", Post # 22.650.

https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...7#post10811857

In this blog come in many requests for the creation of new indicators and it was quite clear that my request was initially ignored. I posted my request over and over again. I got a lot of great suggestions and ideas but not exactly what I imagined. At this point, I would like to thank all members and programmers who disinterestedly help other members. Time is a very precious commodity today and more valuable than all the money in the world, so I take my hat off to all the members who take time to help other people. Unfortunately, English is not my native language, the communication works quite well, but explain as a new programmer an indicator that does not yet exist. By accident I came to a very experienced and creative programmer Georg who lives in Germany. Our trading approaches are completely different and since he is independent and has hundreds of inquiries, he did not want to get involved in such a project. Nevertheless, he helped me and supported me and I would like to thank him once again for this great help. He has once again confirmed to me that one can easily identify a pullback with these indicators in particular. This compliment from an experienced programmer and trader clearly shows that the indicator works. Let's start with our project.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here is a possible overview of what the two indicators might look like when working. Of course, you can also set the background in white, that's a matter of taste.
To start with, the indicators are not perfect yet. We still have to turn some of the adjusting screws, and later some information. Crucial to this project is that we work to gather insights and evaluate them. That's exactly the problem often; a great indicator is developed, uploaded, downloaded, and then it disappears in nowhere. The reason for this is because users have too little information about it. I think we all worked with indicators that we quickly deleted because we could not do anything with them. If we do not gather our experience with these new indicators, that will happen in this case as well.

How do I concretely imagine the project work? You can see in the chart image two indicators, which in principle output the same values, only shown graphically differently. You could actually do without the histogram, but it is useful for an overview. The main indicator can be seen in the upper area with the zigzag lines, which of course you can hide. Decisive are the numbers below, which I have already explained in detail in the previous posts. In the MT 4 we have 9 different main time units and with the smZigZag-Bionics 3.1 different set screws: Depth, Deviation and Backstep. This results in millions of different possibilities for an optimal setting. The first step will be to find the optimal setting in each time unit. The second step will be to optimize these settings.

What do I mean by that? Everyone knows that a market is not linear. Volume, volatility and many other factors are constantly changing. That's one of the reasons why I do not use EA, because they only work in certain market phases. In the second step, we can try to adapt the project to different market phases. Although I can tell you right now that this will be quite a challenge. However, we have a distinct advantage over an EA, because of the information we derive from this indicator, we do not give orders. This indicator only helps us to understand the trend direction in which the market may be moving. With this information, we are able to find a suitable entry point with our trading approach. It is completely irrelevant whether they deal with supply and demand, Fibonacci, MA or other strategies. Ultimately, it's just about the trend direction in which the course could possibly move in the next few hours.

Suppose that there are 1,100 logical settings in the indicator that you need to check, there are a total of 10,000 variations for 9 different time units. Now, if you take one day to perform this review, a person needs 40 years by 250 trading days a year. If 100 people deal with it, the result would already be on the table after four months. Not that we misunderstand, we have already with a setting of 24/12/6 a very good result. I myself still work with 12/6/3, preferably with 8/4/2 and rarely with 4/2/1. I am firmly convinced that there are optimizations that give an even better picture. And that's exactly what it's all about optimizing the setting so that the overall picture becomes clearer. And that can only be achieved together.

Attached File(s)   smZigZag-Bionics_v3.1.ex4

20 KB
|
663 downloads

Let's start with the first indicator. You realize that this is already the third version and I would like to point out once again that it makes no sense to use the indicator without having read Post 663 and Post 667.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In order to achieve the same view as in the picture in your chart image, open in the indicator only the field "Inputs" and the field "Colors". In the field "Inputs" I used the value 24/12/6, so that you can follow my example from Post 667 in H1. (The default is 12/5/3). Please note: Since everyone has a different Brocker, it may occasionally come to deviations, since the candle formation is different for each broker. With the setting 5,000 under maxBars, the hourly chart ranges from today's date to the end of 2017. With the TextOffset_Pips you can set the distance of the numbers to the line. The setting of the line color should be clear. With Color_TextValues you can assign all numbers the same color, if you enter black the colors in blue and red appear as in the picture. The size of the numbers can not be changed. We will certainly change that together at a later date. With LineWith you can change the line width. Please note that under "Colors" you should enter Black, None, None to make the chart as in the picture.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here's a similar example only with thicker lines. You realize that the numbers are now very close to the line they could now vary.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here's another example, if the numbers are all the same color and in addition the numbers are farther from the line. The smaller the time unit the smaller the setting should be. We can also automate this at a later date.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here's an example of how to dispense with the lines and use only the pure numbers. If the numbers are too small for you, I recommend setting the color to white when the background is dark.

Very important:

If you set the settings of maxBars to 5,000, it must also be ensured that there are 5,000 bars. In the monthschart I have about 570 bars. With a setting of 5,000, the indicator would deny me the ad. Therefore, check that the required number of bars is in your chart.

Attached File(s)   smZigZag-BionicsOsc_v1.2.ex4

22 KB
|
624 downloads

Let's come to the second indicator. I use this indicator to filter out the big peaks and recognize them immediately. As described in the posts 663 and 667, the tips could be a stronger pullback.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Folie6

The settings are similar to the first indicator. If you want to see numbers above the bar, I recommend that you set the value of TextOffset_Value to 0.1 so that if the value is high, the number does not disappear at the boundary.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here's another way to connect the bars to a line. So you could completely do without the bars to get a simple overview on the peaks. It will also be interesting if we connect only the green and red bars. This then creates two lines that intersect. Also this variant is very interesting which I have looked at once. You will notice in part that the second indicator sometimes outputs different values than the first, but this is not critical at this time because the first indicator works. The second indicator is actually only intended to filter out the tips. If we tackle the project with the two lines crossing each other, then we have to deal with it to find out the bugs. If you are a programmer, you will know that finding a bug is far more difficult than programming a complete indicator.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here's another example of how to use three auxiliary indicators on your chart. This picture consists of the two new indicators and the Momentum Candles indicator that I have posted here several times. The setting is 15/22.

So now begins the actual project work, I believe you realize that we have made a lot of work to get this project on the way first. My main aspect is that a trader should always be independent of EA, news or opinions in his trading decisions. But you need good information about the current market situation. This indicator could provide some important information. The point now is to figure out the setting with which this indicator provides the best information. For this everyone is invited who would like to participate, to participate in the project. That means you first have to gain experience, analyze it to draw specific conclusions. Then we can go into an evaluation, discuss with each other and exchange ideas. It goes without saying that the updates and improvements will be made available to you immediately and free of charge.

Since I'm on the road in the next few days I can not promise to answer questions immediately. At the end of next week I will give some information about the next project. This project fits in seamlessly with the first project and can be optimally interconnected. It is sort of a fine tuning of the first project and will inspire you. In addition, I will then make a video to underpin the effectiveness of this very interesting auxiliary indicator.

I wish you a great weekend and much success with the first project.

best regards

--- 帖子 #672 ---
Hello Bionics,

Thank you for letting us benefit graciously from your immense work

--- 帖子 #673 ---
Hello mchl13,

Thank you for great compliments, the idea is mine, but without the help of others I would never have achieved that. That's the beautiful thing about FF, One for All and All for One. Alone you can achieve a lot, everything together. But we are still in the beginning of this project and everyone can contribute their share.

best regards

--- 帖子 #674 ---
Thanks for the nice work.

green pips

--- 帖子 #675 ---
PROUD OF YOU KEEP IT UP

--- 帖子 #676 ---
Bionics

Nice thread.

I downloaded the indicators and placed them on a EURUSD H1 chart. I did notice a difference between them re: how the zigzag painted on the main chart vs indicator window 1. See the yellow rectangle in the attached a screen shot.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #677 ---
malfunction :

to the right of the rectangle, display 2.9 on graph and 1.9 on oscillator

--- 帖子 #678 ---
I believe it starts with the 13.0 value in indicator window 1 - it identifies a different zigzag peak than on the main chart.  Regardless I could have made the yellow rectangle larger to include the 2.9/1.9 numbers

--- 帖子 #679 ---
Hello dear traders,

First of all thank you for your approval, your compliments and your interest in the new indicator.

As mentioned in the blog:

You will notice in part that the second indicator sometimes outputs different values than the first, but this is not critical at this time because the first indicator works. The second indicator is actually only intended to filter out the tips. If we tackle the project with the two lines crossing each other, then we have to deal with it to find out the bugs. If you are a programmer, you will know that finding a bug is far more difficult than programming a complete indicator.

The main indicator works to realize the joint project, the second indicator, we will take care of later. Thanks again and a nice weekend

best regards

--- 帖子 #680 ---
keep it up man

Nice technique. I am backtesting your system. Wait my result.

--- 帖子 #681 ---
[quote=voketexpert;11530306]{quote} keep it up man Nice technique. I am backtesting your system.

Hello voketexpert,

Welcome to our blog and thank you very much for your support. We are happy about every Trader who participates in this project and has a lot of experience.

Thank you and nice weekend

--- 帖子 #682 ---
Very important!!!!

Hello dear trader, and all who participate in our project .....

The smZigZagBionics3.1 is not an EA or standard indicator but an auxiliary indicator developed within a project work. It's not about finding out if the indicator works, as it does not provide any entry to buy or sell. We want to find out, which setting outputs the most optimal signals, to recognize a possible trend direction. Thanks again for your help and support.

I wish you a great weekend.

--- 帖子 #683 ---
Hello Bionics,

Thank you for sharing a very nice indicator. I immediately integrated the indicator in the chart.

I tried analyzing chart of EURUSD D1 using this indicator. I used the indicator setting on 12/6/3.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

EURUSD has created a very weak upward trend with a number of 48.1. This suggests that the price may fall further.

Below there was a very strong downward trend with the numbers 17.1 and 18.1. The zone was able to stop these very strong downtrends. Therefore, these zones are very strong. I thought the price might fall to the 18.1 zone. Because the 17.1 zone is used many times and is not fresh.

Best regards,

--- 帖子 #684 ---
I thing we are still in equilibrium... And nobody knows which direct will be go EURUSD.. And zone between 1.1822 and 1.1562 is the strongest zone the last 2 years... Which mean it will be very strong support or resistance in future...

--- 帖子 #685 ---
Hello Chartmaniac,

Yes. Nobody knows the future. The chart image I posted is a personal analysis and I am not a professional so I think the result of EURUSD will be very different.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

You are absolutely right. In the EURUSD MN chart, the current price is still in equilibrium. And your zone is a very important zone that the market has been aware of over the years. Thank you for pointing out. I will pay attention to your zone.

Best regards,

--- 帖子 #686 ---
We will see in the future :-)

--- 帖子 #687 ---
Hello dear traders, and all subscribers,

I have looked after the update of FF this morning again in the blog. First of all many thanks for your commitment and your industriousness. I am very proud of you as you are committed to this project and strive for it. Thank you very much, I realize that you take the project very seriously. At this point, I would like to once again thank all subscibers for their loyalty and support. It's fun to work with you and only together we can get good results. You have posted an important sentence: We want to see in the future :-). This applies to all indicators and especially to all EA. There is an EA on the internet who prizes a $ 500 to $ 2,000,000 bet within 30 minutes. Anyone who sees this will think for a moment about whether to invest a lot of money to buy this EA. My advice, forget it and learn the right action only with the pure chart. I'll post a post on Tuesday showing you the truth about the forex market. And the result is frightening, but not hopeless, if you do your job properly. I do not want to claim that I was the only trader to have the picture. I'm just a little fish in this big shark tank. My advantage is that I know that. But even as a small fish in the shark tank you can survive. You have to be creative and know exactly how the big fish think and act. If you are inconspicuous and do no harm them, you can survive very well. If you try to work against the market, you will be eaten.

Today I would like to post a video on how important a strong community is. This video was taken by chance in Kruger National Park, the largest game reserve in South Africa. It is so impressive that over 80 million people have seen this video.

See for yourself how strong we can be together.

Inserted Video

PS: The little calf has survived, and we see how important sometimes courage and determination can be. But without a large community in the background, it does not work.

Thanks again and a good start into the new week

best regards

--- 帖子 #688 ---
Update smZigZagBionics_v3.2 and smZigZagBionicsOSC_v1.21
(If you are new to the blog, please read in advance post, 663, post 667 and post 673, where the help indicator is explained)

Hello dear traders,

Please find attached a current update of the two auxiliary indicators smZigZagBionics_v3.2 and smZigZagBionicsOSC_v1.21.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Indicator with dark background

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Indicator with light background

smZigZagBionics_v3.2

You can now change the size of the numbers above and below the lines.

smZigZagBionicsOSC_v1.21

Maybe the indicator could work better now, maybe the differences will be caused by the live prices. We work on it. Thanks again to Georg for the fast and great support.

Attached File(s)   smZigZag-Bionics_v3.2.ex4

21 KB
|
633 downloads

Attached File(s)   smZigZag-BionicsOsc_v1.21.ex4

22 KB
|
608 downloads

Good luck with the start and I am very happy about your Feedback

Best regards

--- 帖子 #689 ---
Hello dear traders,

I noticed that there is an error in smZigZagBionicsOsc_v1.21, some values are not output.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The optimal combination is therefore:

Use smZigZagBionics_v3.2 with the smZigZagBionicsOsc_v1.2. Although the same encoding was entered, errors could also occur here due to the price action. For some test runs, both indicators worked identically. Since we really only need the first indicator, I think we can live with it until the bug is fixed.

Beautiful evening.

best regards

--- 帖子 #690 ---
Dont miss very STRONG equlibrium on USDCHF for short :-)

--- 帖子 #691 ---
Really interesting !

Thanks

--- 帖子 #692 ---
Hello rosalieone,

First of all, welcome to our blog and many thanks for your kind words. We would all be very happy if you also want to contribute your experiences to the project. I wish you a lot of fun on this blog and if you have any questions, we are all happy to help.

Good luck and best regards

--- 帖子 #693 ---
Projekt Nr.1 Results

Hello dear traders,

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

here briefly an evaluation in the H1 with the revised indicator. I have incorporated the trend strengths in color.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Pay attention to the weak trend that can be a pullback. That should be quite interesting.

best regards

Michael

--- 帖子 #694 ---
Tomorrow we start with project Nr.2

Hello dear subscribers, hello dear traders,

First of all, thank you for your interest and your feedback on our first project to determine the trend strength. This project is now on its way and I ask you to keep an eye on this project and to analyze it. All subscribers will be happy about your results. As already announced, the next project 2 builds on the indicators of Project 1. It is a completely new chart view that will provide faster information in the future.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Tomorrow, I will provide the first information and I am convinced that I am creating an interesting milestone for an even faster overview. I wish you now once a wonderful evening and a nice end of work.

best regards

Michael

--- 帖子 #695 ---
Hello, though i have not said anything this thread,i want to thank you, your works are wonderful and you are a very selfless man. Be Blessed

--- 帖子 #696 ---
I agree 100%

Thank you for sharing your work.

--- 帖子 #697 ---
Project number two

Hello dear subscriber,

I think there is a consensus that most of our traders are only small fish in the big shark tank of the forex market. The daily turnover in the Euro US Dollar is about $ 1.5 trillion. If you were to trade ten contracts in US dollars in one day, that would mean $ 1 million in sales. It's like putting $ 1 against a $ 1.5 million market. I think it soon becomes clear that we can not move anything in this market. In principle, there are only two ways to win, you move the market or you follows the big Player. In order to get involved, you have to recognize relatively quickly where the big players want to go. As most of us have already realized, this assessment is a ride on the volcano. This is also the reason that about 90% of dealers make a wrong assessment and therefore lose. The big players in the market not only earn more money but also have a much better market appreciation. Let's look at a concrete example of Goldman Sachs in the years 2011-2014.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In these examples, I'm less concerned with showing the net gains in millions made by Goldman Sachs, albeit this scoring would be frightening enough. Much more interesting, however, is the ratio of the winner days to the loss days.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Of course, the loss days in 2015 were significantly higher than in the previous years, but let's take a closer look at the average values achieved in 2011-2015. 1,132 winning days are faced with 134 losing days. That means in nearly 90% of the time Goldmann Sachs is right with his market assessment. If you then compare the amount of losses with the levels of profits, the extent of the professional approach becomes clear. At least now you know against which professionals you act daily. We should have respect, but do not be afraid. But we need information about what these big players are going to do next.

The entire market has changed enormously as a result of the various dealers that appear in the market. It is not the big ones who eat the little ones, but the slow ones are eaten by the faster ones. The high-frequency traders have noticed this long ago and, with their way of acting, make it difficult for the big players in the market. 10 years ago, this trend started slowly and I had to think about how I can have a chance in the market to survive in the future. If your competitor drives a 400 HP Ford Mustang, you can not win a race even with the best and fastest racehorse against him. What to do if you can not afford a Ford Mustang? Get carried away by the big player, you will never be the first to finish, but the result is enough to make interesting profits. However, you need a good brake and a quick reaction to avoid total loss.

Over many years, I have developed 3 laws that I adhere to.

Indicators

Many years ago, I too, like many others, began to analyze the market using the standard indicators and it has often worked. The MACD and RSI were also a life companion for me, but how many times was the market overbought and still the price went up. An indicator does not care if the price goes up or down. It is trailing and less accurate than the price table. Many traders need security and believe the indicator tells them where the market is going.

The market influences the indicator and not the indicator the market.

My first step for this: delete all standard indicators and search for clues. I did not get any further with the market analysis, not because it is bad, but because it is not suitable for me. Supply, demand and equilibrium was finally the breakthrough for me. The road is tough, but it was the only way for me. That's why I opened this blog many years later. Today I am working with auxiliary indicators, which I pay attention to, but these do not decide on entering or exiting a trade. If I can not trust myself, how should I trust indicators?

The big big players do not work with standard indicators and they are not used for trading. The big players know, however, that the small players pay attention to the indicators. Especially here in focus are the Fibonacci lines. These are good entrances for the high-frequency traders to stop the small players.

Sometimes I have the feeling that the big players push the indicators forward in order to be able to take the money from the small trader even faster. They know exactly that many traders hope for a change at the 61 retracement. A good point to push many out of the market.

News

In 2016, Deutsche Bank and many currency experts estimated that the EURUSD would reach 0.95 by the end of 2017. It is always fun in the evening at NTV (German news channel) to learn why the DAX, gold or the EURUSD has risen or fallen. Of course, the economy in each country is important, but not for me. For me, how investors respond to the news is far more important.

It does not matter what news goes about the ticker. The market is moving because people and computers are pushing the BUY or SELL button. And why they will BUY or SELL? Because they have an idea. And this idea often has nothing to do with the economic data. Why goes the stock of Apple down, although Apple released a sensational quarterly balance sheet? Well, maybe because investors believe Apple will not be able to increase or maintain profits in the next quarter. However, we will never know.

Not the news, but market participants influence the market.

When the FED or the ECB are holding their meetings, I take a break and let the big boys play with each other. This is not my league, so I stay away from the market. These FED or ECB sessions can not be assessed with the Equilibrium, it goes up and down indiscriminately and after an hour the price is often where the big outbreak started. Gambling is not one of my peculiarities, I try to act only in situations in which I think I can assess the market. But I'm also often wrong.

Opinion

100% of all dealers have an opinion, but only 10% are right. But which traders are right? Bertrand Arthur William Russell an English philosopher, mathematician and logician coined the phrase in early 1900:

That's all the trouble: The stupid are so safe and the clever ones so full of doubt.

Self-reflection is the mature form of self-doubt. People who are self-reflective are always in question, but not to become anxious and insecure like self-doubters, but to strengthen themselves from within. The clever doubt. They question their views, but they do not question themselves. Reflection protects against stupidity. It testifies to greatness, to revise his opinion of yesterday.

Maybe that's just our problem, we doubt it, so we listen to those who are sure, and then what happens can anyone think. We have to have the ability to form our own opinion - even against the tide. This "idiosyncratic" attitude results from the motif of independence. Only a few people have such a capability.

Conclusion:

If we know that 90% of all private traders lose, there is an easy way to change that. Whenever you want to move up, you have to do exactly the opposite and act down. But our brains are not prepared for a course that shoots high, acting exactly in the opposite direction. The fear of losses is often greater than the prospect of profits. If a craftsman did only 50% of his work correctly, he would be unemployed quickly. A trader who is 50% correct, would quickly succeed with the right money management. We have learned to make few mistakes, but in action you have to make mistakes to win.

The big challenge of action is not to win, but to behave properly when you have losses.

Since the big players know exactly where the other traders' stops are, we should make it difficult for them. That's why I often act against the trend and stay where only a few traders are. In order to be successful you should act contrary to the mass and certainly not be predictable. In addition, a successful trader must be a perfect tracker to succeed in the marketplace. But which tracks are decisive and which tracks can I neglect? An answer to that is provided by the equilibrium within the supply and demand zones. Nevertheless, it does not matter which strategy you use for your actions, the main decision to enter into a trade should always come from your main strategy. In my case, that is supply and demand.

If you have a particular zone in mind, you need a medium-term and short-term confirmation that this particular zone is relevant. I have already shown you a way of confirming the medium term, the trend strength within certain time units. This will provide you with basic information about a possible trend direction. Now it's about the short-term confirmation that could trigger my main decision. We should note here that the confirmations usually only take a few seconds. If you wait too long, the chance is over faster than you can imagine. Especially as Countertrend Scalper you have to make a decision within a few seconds and can not wait too long for confirmations. Every trader has his own individual strategy and procedure here. Let's take a look at different options that help a dealer make decisions.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

When you first see the volume profile, order flow, footprint charts, or DOM orderbook as a CFD Forex trader, you think that these views of the market are the solution to all problems. Often we get a false truth in advertising these modules. Of course it's interesting to look inside a candle and see how many buy and sell orders have taken place within a certain price level and how big the volume was. This information is of no use to them to predict a future price development. When I was confronted with these techniques for the first time, I also thought that it was the solution to wealth. Of course, a trader gets a lot of information about what's happening in the market right now, but I get the same information with the candles. However, it is much harder to decipher this information from the candles.

Even a DOM order book does not do you any good, here are manipulations on the agenda. Large orders that are at a certain price level are erased shortly before reaching this price level and massively traded in the other direction. Another point is that we trade in interbank trading through a broker who passes on the prices. If I want to work with a Future Oderbook, of course I have different price than in CFD trading. It certainly looks nicer and more professional, whether it's actually an advantage is always at the discretion of the individual trader.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Let's take a look at the main indicator in CFD trading: the candles. There are different forms of presentation of prices. In addition to the Bar Chart and the Candle Chart, Heikin Ashi also has a smoothed candlestick display or the Renko, which is time-independent. Each form of presentation finds its followers and thus an authorization to exist in the market. The most widely used form of candlestick is the Candle Chart, and let's take a closer look.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here you can see a bullish candle (close is above the open) and a bearish candle (open is above the close). For the bullish candle, the upper shadow ranges from close to high and the lower shadow from open to low. In the bearish candle, the upper shadow ranges from the open to the high and the lower shadow from the close to the low. The candle body shows the essential course within the candle from open to close. The candle is usually displayed in solid color or with gray shadows. This presentation is actually wrong for me, so you see in this image the correct form of representation. In the Bullish Candle, the upper shadow is red, while in the bearish candle the lower shadow is green. Why is this presentation more logical for me?

A candle displays the past price movements for a specific time unit. There are 4 crucial points open, close, high and low. Take the example of the bullish candle. From the open the course is running low, at this moment the candle body is red. Then the course goes back to the Open. The shadow is green, that's correct. The course is going to high, that means from the open to the high we have a green candle body. Then the course goes back to the close. Now the upper shadow must be colored red, because at the time of the close the price has gone from high to close. If you look at the finished candle, the bears at the top wick and the bulls at the bottom wick have the last word. The candle is now complete and past. In order to correctly display this past, the lower shadow should always be green and the upper shaddow always red.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

If you see the left candle in a chart image, you can never tell exactly how the price within that candle has moved. It may well be that the course first runs from the open to the low, or from the open directly to the high. In case B we see a strong downward trend, which was immediately intercepted. In that case, one might be more cautious as to whether the course will not make such a strong setback again.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

A similar situation, but in the bearish area. Not uncommon that in spite of a bearish candle, the course is pushed up sharply in the short term. Basically, it is very difficult for me to predict a further course from candle pictures. That's why I basically do not pay attention to doji or other candle pictures.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The next step I took was to eliminate the shadows and color them properly. With the bullish candle and bearish candle, there is no reference to the open, but the close can also be seen from the last candle and draw conclusions from it. Nevertheless, you can quickly cast the close on your chart image, if you need this information. The advantage of this view, you can see at a glance how strong the bulls and the bears were at the end of the candle. You can really see how the bears and the bulls are fighting with each other and can identify trends before that. Gaps are therefore very difficult or even impossible to localize, but gaps can not be used to derive reliable conclusions about future price developments. You realize that less information can be processed with this new candle view and less can sometimes be more. One point was crucial for me, I wanted a real price history, not smoothed, not time-independent like the Renko but with less information to capture the situation faster.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here is a concrete example of how the chart looks in H1. In addition, the trend strength indicator was used by me, which gives me more information. You can see very well that trend reversals announce early, through the respective pullback within a candle. The type of candle representation I called Bionic Chart. Bionics (also biomimicry, biomimetic or biomimetic) deals with the transfer of phenomena of nature to technology. A well-known example of this is Leonardo da Vinci's idea of transferring bird flight to flying machines. An example from modern life is the velcro-inspired velcro, or think of dragonflies and helicopters. Also, the lotus effect has been brought from nature into our lives, which discs clean themselves, because no dirt sticks.

Bionics is based on the assumption that living nature, through its evolutionary course, develops optimized structures and processes from which humans can learn. The earth is nearly 4.5 billion years old and during this time nature has developed incredible things that benefit man already today. But we have not realized most things yet. Applying these 4.5 billion old processes to today's stock exchange (which is only 500 years old) or the forex market will bring significant benefits. Nevertheless, these processes only become an advantage if used and applied correctly. This brings a short lead to the point where everyone benefits from this. Maybe they have a small lead with this chart. At the latest when everyone uses this information, the market will be balanced again. But I have some more ideas ...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

At first glance, they will not see a big difference with the Bionic Chart compared to the other chart models. The difference is in the detail. And we will deal with these details in concrete terms. The result is clear and fascinating at the same time. To illustrate the benefits of the Bionic Chart, I have to make some videos. Unfortunately this takes a few more days, so I ask for leniency and patience. Since we are still working on the first project, I am pleased about their further feedback.

I wish you a successful trading day

best regards

--- 帖子 #698 ---
Yes and when you mention that 90% of private traders lose so we can presume that the trend will be the opposite of their positions (also mentioned here https://www.myfxbook.com/community/outlook and here https://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=761579).

I really like your new candles, its a new way to read a chart, gives much more informations

Well done !

--- 帖子 #699 ---
Update smZigZag-Bionics and smZigZag-Bionics Osc

Hello dear subscribers,

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

While our second project has already started, we are continuing to work on our first project. Both indicators of the first project have now been extended and should now run optimally. Let's look at the individual extensions.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

With the smZigZag-Bionics_v3.3 you are now able to assign individual colors to the lines as well as the numbers underneath, which, as you know, show the average Pip per Candle within a range. Now you can hide bullish / bearish numbers or lines and make only upward or downward trends visible. These qualities are needed for our second project. This indicator is very flexible so that you can use it as a pure ZigZag Color in case of doubt.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In addition, the smZigZagOsc_1.3 has been extended. It is now also possible to display only bearish lows or bullish highs. In addition, the highs / lows can be connected to a line. We can also use these properties very well in our second project.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In this example I once hidden the bars. Thus, only the bearish low points and the bullish high points are connected. For this view, I had no time to make a concrete evaluation. I am convinced that we will make some interesting discoveries here.

The indicators would have to be ready so far now it is up to us to move forward in this project. That's why I'm still looking forward to your discoveries and contributions in the first project. The second project seamlessly follows the first project and supports the findings of the trend.

To summarize this once again:

The main decision to trade is always based on your personal strategy. That could be Fibonacci, or the Moving Average in my case it is demand and supply.

Our project 1 serves only to determine a possible medium-term trend direction with a higher probability.

Our project 2 serves only to determine a possible short-term trend direction with a higher probability.

Example:

A trend is moving up and in my analysis, I have identified a resistance line. Now I compare my analysis with my project 1. This will tell me if it could be a sustainable trend or a pullback. Once the course reaches my drawn resistance level, I am able to make a very short-term trading decision with our Project 2.

However, the main decision is always based on my personal strategy of supply or demand. Only from Strategy 1 or Strategy 2 alone would I never make a trading decision. Therefore, the indicators I have developed are purely supportive indicators.

I have aligned these support indicators with my demand and supply principle in order to make even more accurate trading decisions. Since I do not act according to other strategies, I can not assess to what extent these support indicators are useful and relevant for you.

I wish you much success today

best regards

Attached File(s)   smZigZag-Bionics_v3.3.ex4

21 KB
|
943 downloads
Attached File(s)   smZigZag-BionicsOsc_v1.3.ex4

23 KB
|
839 downloads

--- 帖子 #700 ---
Experiment with the Bionics Chart

Hello dear traders,

From 14:55 CET to 15:05 CET I once made an attempt in the area of demand and supply in the EURUSD with the 5 sec Bionics Chart. The lines were created during the video.The lines are not accurate, but I also had very little time, since there were 5 sec candles.

You can see the result here:

Inserted Video

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

You realize that the resistance lines I've drawn are still active for a while, until the top is finally broken. The top two lines were created after the video ended. I believe that the way the candle is rendered has very interesting aspects.

best regards

--- 帖子 #701 ---
Bionics

Do you draw your supply/demand areas or use an indicator?  If hand drawn what are the rules that you use to draw them?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #702 ---
Hello pakeha,

First of all, welcome to our blog and thank you for your interest. To answer your question, I draw my supply and demand zones exclusively by hand, based on the current price trend. I tried to show that with a video. I used a 5 sec chart for two reasons. First, 200 candles were drawn in 10 minutes, the 1 minute chart would have taken too long and second, to prove that it was not a fake video. (A 5 Sec chart history can not be retroactively rotated, no tick data will be provided.)

There is no indicator of how I act because the criteria are constantly changing based on the current price trend. We have to keep in mind that the price is a random buy and sell order. I can only estimate potential resets of the course on the basis of several years of experience and my type of supply and demand. In the video, as the price went down, I saw another resistance zone signifi- cantly weaker than the overlying resistance zone. This zone was not started, so I was wrong here. Exactly I could not draw the resistance zones, however the assumptions were approximately correct. Nevertheless, I am also mistaken in certain situations, as a course can not be foreseen.

The closer I get to the course, the better I can assess a possible course. That's why I developed a new chart image for me to make even faster decisions.

I tried to explain in detail the criteria of the Equilibrium with supply and demand zones in this blog. I ask for leniency, I have been dealing with Equilibrium for a very long time and from my point of view, it is not easy to explain and implement. If you have analyzed some 10,000 hours of candles, you will also have your own view of the market. I do not mean to say that my point of view is right or logical, it's just different and I get along well with it.

I work with indicators, but they do not decide on the entry or exit of my actions. In the next few days I will explain and upload the Bionic Chart in detail, this is our 2nd project. The 3rd project is about the auxiliary indicators that provide me with important information about trading.

I would like to invite you to participate and hope to have helped you a little.

I wish you a nice evening.

best regards

--- 帖子 #703 ---
Hi there

I want a help .. I downloaded recently Metatrader on my Pc (new PC) but all the indicators doesn't work or appear on the chart. I don not know why?

anybody can help ?

thax

--- 帖子 #704 ---
alhadi

Have you copied Bionics indicators into the mt4 data folder and then refreshed the indicators (restart mt4)?

--- 帖子 #705 ---
Hello alhadi_w

First of all, welcome to our blog: Equilibrium is a key to success. I am pleased that you would like to participate in our project. As far as I know, all indicators seem to work well. I hope you have progressed with the solution of pakeha, otherwise we are happy to help.

Good luck and best regards

--- 帖子 #706 ---
Benefits of the Bionic Chart

Hello dear subscribers,

The idea of the Bionic Chart came into existence many years ago, and in early 2018 I contacted Hanover, a great and very successful programmer, who introduced me to Forex Factory.

Jan 1, 2018

Hello David,
I wish you a Happy New Year 2018. Enclosed an idea for price chart, which has been my concern for a long time. As a trader, the goal is to use the price charts to predict future price developments in order to optimize the opportunity risk ratio in my favor. I've scoured the internet, but unfortunately this indicator does not exist worldwide. Since you are an absolute professional, I once wanted to hear your opinion. Rather, it is about the small private trader to gain an advantage over the big fish in the market. I appreciate your feedback.
Greetings from Germany
Michael

Jan 2, 2018

Hi Michael,
Many thanks for your post and your kind comments, and Happy New Year to you also.
In MT4 I think you can change the outline color and the fill color of the candle, rather than the entire body and the entire wick/shadow. But I could be wrong, there might be ways in the latest MT4 builds that I'm unaware of.
If I understand correctly, you're effectively asking for the lower shadow on every candle to be boxed green, and the upper shadow of every candle to be boxed red. This amounts to a change in which the OHLC data is being presented, as opposed to a change to the data itself. I think it's possible to create synthetic candles by plotting truncated histograms in the main chart, but I'm not sure. It's been a while since I looked at anything like this.
I'm not sure how this change of presentation would provide an advantage to the retail trader, but then I've not really spent any time researching this kind of approach. If you've read my recent posts you'll know that my own approach uses a lot of FA rather than purely chart-based analysis. Of course I understand that different traders find certain types of chart-based 'road maps' helpful as a visual aid. Each trader must ultimately find an overall approach that he is personally comfortable with.
Although I'm happy to continue sharing some of the indicators and EAs that I write for my own use, I'm sorry, but I'm no longer undertaking programming requests. I posted a list of possible alternatives in the 'MT4 programming' section here. I hope that you can find a way of achieving what you're looking for.
Good luck, and best wishes for 2018.
David

Two statements from Hannover were decisive for me: He did not say that my idea would be absolute nonsense and that every trader must find his overall approach with which he is personally familiar.

Since I am a visual person, I needed a road map to get an individual picture of the possible course of the future course. Back then I was already working with a dashboard, which gave me interesting information, but I was not satisfied with it yet. The indicators on the market were very good, but they did not give me the information I needed. That was also the reason that I made the decision to learn a programming language earlier this year. I am aware that it takes years to work professionally in this area, but one has to start at some point.

Shortly before starting my Java course, I started Project 1 with the trend strength indicator. At the same time I prepared the first drafts for the Bionic Chart. Exactly one month later, a member from Finland ukkometto contacted me and sent me a first draft. I would like to thank you for that. Since he is not a programmer the indicator had to be completely re-set up. An outstanding programmer from Frankfurt helped me with this project and supported me. Again, my sincere thanks.
The first project with the trend strength indicator is now on the way. Here, there will be more experiences in the coming months which we discuss and exchange with each other. In Post No. 699 I have a little history of the Bionic Chart explained. Now it's all about the benefits that result from this chart image. For this I have made a few concrete comparisons.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

We compared the current H4 Chart EURUSD until Friday morning. On the left you will see the typical candles chart and on the right the bionic chart. It immediately stands out that the bionic chart is much clearer in the view as the wicks are eliminated. Although the candles can be dyed gray in the candlestick, this in turn reduces the colors of the candles. This means that the smaller the zoom in the candle chart, the more inaccurate the color view of the candles will be.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Now we zoomed the two chart pictures a bit. Now it becomes clear why the bionic chart is much clearer. You can see the bullish and bearish trends much easier. In addition, one can see the pullbacks within a candle much faster. In the beginning, this view is a bit unusual, but the longer you spend it, the faster you can see possible reversals. The fight that takes place within a candle is thus presented in a simpler and clearer way. Very interesting is the view of the bionic chart, if the volatility is very low. Likewise, the bionic chart in the seconds charts is clearly superior to the candle chart. The picture is definitely clearer when I get used to it.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here we have the maximum zoom possible in the MT 4 standard. On the candle chart side you can now see the wicks more clearly, and the bionic chart is getting used to at first glance. A big advantage of the bionic chart is that you can adjust the width of the bars / candles. At the moment this is also a disadvantage if you zoom in on the chart because the width does not change automatically. But it can be changed by hand. However, there is nothing in programming that could not be done. This modification will only be debated later. Basically, we have to realize that the standard candles are not adjustable. On the bionic chart, during the downtrend, you can see the bulls trying to make the breakthrough but failing again and again. It is interesting to see the bottom formation at the bottom right. As already written, I have built the bionic chart on my concept of demand and supply. In the process resistance and support lines are drawn, which may possibly have a price relevance. To draw in the lines, I need a clear overview. The bionic chart give me this clear overview.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Now I tried to draw my lines in both chart pictures. If we compare the two chart images with each other, we notice that of five marked lines, line 2 and line 3 were equally well identified in both pictures. Line 1 and line 5 are a bit thicker on the candle chart than on the bionic chart. This means that with the candle chart I would have to make a bigger stop and thus take a higher risk. It gets very extreme at line number 4. The downtrend, which starts with the blue arrow, I would have drawn wrongly with the view of the candle chart and therefore would not have been able to enter this interesting trade. In addition, equilibrium can be detected much faster and easier (point A and point B). Of five lines, the candle chart could identify exactly only 2 lines. With two lines I would have had to set bigger stops, with one line I was not picked up and could not have made the trade. I can basically say that the bionic chart works twice as well for my trading style as the candle chart. The functionality of the bionic chart, I tried to represent using a video. To make the video tamper-proof, I used a 5 second chart, which produced 200 candles within 10 minutes. The range was relatively small at ten pips, but for the time being it was just a question of knowing if the bionic chart would be able to recognize and mark resistance lines faster. Let's take a look at the result.

Inserted Video

Within 10 minutes, I was able to draw in seven resistance lines, of which 6 lines were relevant. For some lines, I did not get behind fast enough, because the candle making was relatively fast with 5 seconds. Since I usually act in 5 minutes charts I have much more time for line creation. During the video, I also tried to clearly show the future course of the course with the mouse. I did not get the lines drawn exactly and cleanly, but this time it was about the attempt, whether the bionic chart provides me with better information. The fact is that the bionic chart gives me a better and faster overview. Since not everyone is looking for supply and demand but prefers different strategies, let's take a closer look at how we can modify the bionic chart so that everyone receives important information.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

A disadvantage of the bionic chart, you can easily identify the close but not the open. As a rule, I can also identify the open via the close, unless there is a gap. In combination with the candle chart, of course, all information is possible. You can see here how the open and close were colored white.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The following example is about the pullback within a candle. Of course it can happen that within a bullish candle the price goes from open to high, then to low and finally to close. Nevertheless, we have until close a pullback inside the candle and in this case was drawn with a wick. You realize that you are relatively flexible with the bionic chart.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In this picture we also added the actual candle body. Of course you could do without the wick now. Through the candle body I automatically get information about open and close.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In the following chart we have combined the bionic chart with the line chart, which focuses exclusively on the close. Also this combination could provide some hints.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Many dealers like to work with the Fibonacci. I believe that the presentation of the bionic chart within the Fibonacci lines provides very interesting information. Unfortunately, high frequency traders are paying attention to these Fibonacci lines, knowing that many traders have geared their trades accordingly. That's one of the reasons I do not work with Fibonacci lines. Nevertheless, here are interesting trades possible.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Finally, I would like to show the form of presentation as a candle chart, as it would be logical. Normally, the wicks are colored in the respective candle color or in gray. Now, one could say that a wick is a so-called equilibrium. Because as the course has gone up, so has the run down again. In principle, this theory would be correct, but at the end of the candle the course went down. Once a candle is finished, it should show the past price history correctly. If a course has gone up and then gone the same way down again, we have here at the end of a bearish trend. This would make all the upper wicks red and all the lower wicks green. However, this is just a presentation options that you have in addition to the bionic chart.

Now I have shown you some advantages that the bionic chart has over the normal candle chart. However, that's only half the story, because the biggest advantage of the bionic chart, is to be confirmed in a very short-term area, a trend reversal, or to get confirmed within a trend, the strength of the trend.

Unfortunately, I can only explain this connection through various videos. The compilation and preparation unfortunately takes its time, so please be patient for a few more days. At the latest after the videos they will realize, which possibilities you have with this interesting chart view. For me, graphically, this is the deepest insight into an order book.

I wish you much success in today's trading day.

best regards
Michael

--- 帖子 #707 ---
The same procedure ...

14:30 CET Average Hourly Earnings, Unemployment Rate, Non-Farm Employment Change

Hello dear traders,

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

On Friday at 14:30 CET it was time again, some import news wanted to the public and finally closing time for me. At 14:30 the game started at 1,15080. Up and down, down and up, one breakout chased the next to the bitter end. 3.5 hours later, it was a little quieter and who would have thought we were back at exactly 1,15080. Nevertheless, there are always winners and losers in the game. And those who have lost do not have to be sad, their money is not gone, it just has someone else. To watch the spectacle closely, I had to use an M1, in H1 you can see the drama in the overview much better.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The marked zone B starts in M5 from 14:30 CET and took about 3.5 hours. From Zone C, the market had calmed down a bit.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Overall, we had a range of 66 pip, but effectively, not much has happened. It's usually like that, when important dates are up, it goes up and down uncontrollably and when everything has calmed down, it continues where you left off.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here I simply cut out the 3.5 hours (Zone B) and you can see that the course continues on its previously chosen path. Of course, you can not always rely on it, but these situations occur again and again. As a trader you need volatility to get ahead, not too little otherwise it is boring but not too much otherwise the money is faster away as you can see. And many then believe that you can get the money back quickly. I do not need to explain how this ends.

One reason why I pay attention to the important dates in the EURUSD, I know when I can finish my trading. If you want to play with the big boys, you have to know beforehand that you can hurt yourself badly. A good trader not only knows when it's good to trade, he also knows when he should not trade. If I have a sailboat I will stay in the harbor during a storm, with an oil tanker that would be something else, but I have only a small sailboat and I would like to keep that.

Of course you can be lucky on such days, but then you can go to the casino. Proper trading has nothing to do with casino or gambling. Of course, you sometimes need a bit of luck, but most of all you need experience and nerves of steel. The forex market is a shark tank, only those who are clever and reckless can survive. You read that right, you have to be ruthless. Not to the people around you, but to the market. Reckless means you have to do everything in your power to make sure your trade is going well. And often it is enough to do the opposite of what the crowd does.

We traders are friends with each other and share ideas and strategies, but in the marketplace we too are fighting each other. We do not see each other, and at the end of the day, we never know whom we have taken money from or who has our money. And yet we get together because we know that the big players are driving the market and, of course, wanting our money so that their returns are right.

That's what makes this job so exciting and interesting. You can survive in this shark tank when you're creative. You learn every day and a trader who claims to know the market does not tell the truth. Every day is different, every candle is different and the courses change randomly, so I need very concrete tools that support me. From this I can develop interesting and successful strategies that enable me to earn a steady income.

Therefore is also the right attitude crucial. A controlled loss is almost better than an uncontrolled profit. If I lose and then know why I lost, everything is fine.I learn from that and can avoid it the next time. If I win and do not know why, a later repetition is almost impossible. Only controlled profits and controlled losses are the best trades. I am convinced that all of us, with our 3 projects that we are about to tackle, will discover many new things that we can use to our advantage. I have been extensively involved in these 3 projects over the last few weeks and believe that we have real added value here. However, we will never be able to build an EA out of this because there are no concrete and fixed rules. In a purely random market, there are no scientific rules to win more than 50% of the time.

We humans are still ahead of the computers if it were not for emotions and feelings. But every disadvantage can also be an advantage if you get it right. I look forward to the continued great cooperation with you and would like to thank you again for your cooperation and support.

The videos on the bionic chart are almost finished and I hope to be able to upload everything soon, so that everyone has enough time to watch the videos.

I wish you a great weekend and look forward to the other projects.

best regards

--- 帖子 #708 ---
Bionic chart, 7 videos for a better overview

Hello dear traders,

A few days ago, I showed my project to two befriended profi dealers, whom I have known for more than 10 years. Among other things, they also act in the area of demand and supply and were thus able to quickly classify the project. They were absolutely excited and could not understand that I pass this project on free of charge to everyone. My answer: "Quid pro quo" has astonished her.

"Quid pro quo" is similar to "manus manum lavat" ("One hand washes the other") or ("I give, you give"). In the last 9 months at Forex Factory, I've met a lot of unselfish people sharing their knowledge with each other every day. If everyone kept their knowledge to themselves, there would be no progress. In addition, I earn my money by trading rather than selling indicators or coaching. They both understood this attitude, and one of them asked me: If everyone is using your system, are not you worried that your indicators will not work as you expect?

No, I answered. First, many traders will not use this indicator because it is too much effort to deal with it, and second, the human being who makes the trading decisions. I am not afraid that anyone will take anything from me, because as a counter-trend scalper, I trade where   only a few dealers act. "Quid pro quo" Let's take a look at the benefits: There will be some traders who see an advantage in the way they trade and they will look into these indicators. This results in aspects and possibilities that no one has ever thought of. Alone, I would never be able to do so, because if 100 people work with these indicators and share their experiences, we will reach our goal 100 times faster than I would have been able to do alone. And nowadays, time is more valuable than money. Can we also work with the indicators, my two trader friends asked me. "Quid pro quo" I answered: "How much are you willing to pay for it?" We all had to laugh heartily.

In Post 708 I have shown some advantages of the bionic chart. The main advantage for which this indicator was originally developed becomes clearer with some videos. I've recorded 7 videos that take an average of 5-6 minutes. With the explanations, you should take about an hour to complete this post. I know one hour is a lot time, but remember that you are investing this time for yourself and your personal progress. If you are also a visual person, you will discover interesting things that can bring you some benefits for future trading decisions. As already mentioned, they get a clearer picture with the bionic chart, especially when the volatility is lower from the M1 to the MN or if you work with tick data in the seconds charts. Of course, this essentially depends on the data provision of your broker.

In the following 3 minutes, you will see a comparison with the candle chart and the bionic chart. Every 5 seconds, a new candle is formed, and we are in a slight downtrend.

Inserted Video

It is striking that the structure of the bionic charts is much clearer than in the standard chart. An equilibrium can thus be identified faster and more clearly. Since there are no wicks in the bionic chart, the pullbacks within a candle can be detected more quickly. With this constellation, conclusions about a future candle history are easier to recognize than in the candle chart, but I would generally advise against it. There is a much better attitude and view.

To show you even more clearly the clarity of the bionic chart, we now make a comparison exclusively with bullish candles. This comparison was also made in the 5 second chart. The price is currently at its peak and a turnaround is being initiated, which then turns into an equilibrium.

Inserted Video

As the price went down, you will hardly see bullish movements in the candle chart, while you can see significant movement in the bionik chart. Likewise, you can see small dots or dashes indicating that a bullish movement has taken place there. These lines or points can not be recognized in the standard chart. Here it is very clear that the bionik chart provides much more data than the standard chart.

The following view is one of the main advantages of the bionic chart. The basis is a 5 second chart, on the left side only the bearish candles on the right side are the bullish candles. At the start, the course is in equilibrium. There is a short break up, then the course goes down and then ends again in an equilibrium. Try to compare both sides. When the price goes down a bit, try to find out when the price changes to equilibrium. This can be seen relatively quickly and clearly.

Inserted Video

In the example you could see relatively quickly, when the price went down sharply, that the red candles had a clearer structure than the green candles. From this relatively often conclusions can be drawn for possible future candle movements.

In the following example, in the 5 second chart, we changed the colors a bit and placed a 1 hour chart in time. The course is in equilibrium with a bullish bias. This can be clearly seen in the last third of the video, when the bullish candles made a better picture. Still, at the end, more sellers came into the market.

Inserted Video

Of course you can make different settings here, take larger or smaller seconds charts or even switch to the minutes charts.

In the following example we used the 1 minute chart with the trend strength indicators already posted. We are currently in the trend change upwards.

Inserted Video

With this example you can see how the bullish candles get through. The bears hold against it, but can not reverse the course.

In the following examples you can see some excerpts from my dashboard. However, I used the M1, M5, M15 and M30 for our example. In practice, I work with other time units, but we'll come to that in our project number 3. In the example, we see a brief downtrend and a subsequent uptrend.

Inserted Video

With the right time units, you often receive very important information about a possible price development here. However, I have the best experience in the 5 second chart.

The last picture is very interesting to recognize important resistance lines relatively quickly. For this I put the last four candles from all time units next to each other. After a downtrend, the price is in the pullback. The indicator below indicates the respective candle strength.

Inserted Video

With these candles image you can often identify resistance lines that can not be overcome especially in the higher time units.

As you have already seen, the bionic chart is relatively flexible and you can make various settings that will give you exactly the information you need. The most effective chart for me is the 5-second chart where the bullish and bearish candles are juxtaposed. That will make it clear to you effectively if you have worked with it. With the combination of the trend strength indicator, they have a few interesting approaches that you should first try out in peace and quiet.

In the next step I will show and describe the different settings of the bionic chart. Then you can use the indicator to make your first experiences. I hope to give you a first insight and will now prepare the various settings for you. Monday lunchtime you should be able to start at the latest.

I wish you a nice weekend

best regards

--- 帖子 #709 ---
Well done!

--- 帖子 #710 ---
Hello pakeha, hello dear traders,

I have put in some overtime to post the indicators with the associated explanation a little earlier.

I think I can upload the project within the next hour!!

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #711 ---
Indicators for Project 2 Part 1 (bionic chart)

Hello dear traders,

I took advantage of the weekend and made faster progress in describing the bionic chart than I thought. This will give you all the relevant documents today to start the first attempts with the bionic chart this evening or tomorrow. As the EURUSD could possibly be very exciting next week, it gives you the opportunity to test the bionic chart in extreme situations and I also have time to focus on this interesting trades.

The setup of the individual charts takes some time. To reduce this time efficiently, I have put together all the relevant indicators for you. For the great ideas again my thanks to all developers.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

After downloading the bionic chart indicator at the end of this post and inserting it into your Metatrader, close and restart the MT 4 again. We start with a normal H1 chart. Zoom in the candles maximally, on the screen now the maximally largest candles are indicated. Then remove all candles on the picture and additionally press the button of the line chart. Your chart should now be absolutely black or white, depending on which background color you use. For a better overview, I chose a black background color.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Now drag the bionic chart indicator into your chart and under "Inputs" set the value as shown in the picture. Now your chart should look like my picture.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

To make the pullback within the candle visible before the close as a wick, you need to reduce the setting under "Colors" as in my picture. After that, they would have to have the same picture as me. The thickness of the wicks and the candles is individually adjustable.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

To display the upper and lower wicks in the correct color, you must enter the settings as shown in the picture. Depending on the zoom, the settings need to be adjusted.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

To display the open and close information on the bionic chart, you must change the width of the candles. The settings I've suggested here are for the largest zoom possible. As soon as you reduce the zoom, you naturally have to adjust the settings individually.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here is another variation on how to build a candle body around the bionic chart. Depending on the zoom, you also have to vary the settings here.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here you get another view with the line chart. You realize that the bionic chart is very flexible in the settings. Of course, you can work simultaneously with the candle chart and the bionic chart. You can vary all colors according to your mood, but note the clarity. The width of the candles does not adjust automatically when you zoom in or out. Since there are different versions of the Meta Trader, with an automatic setting could cause problems, that's why we did not do it for the moment. To get used to this new image, first work with the pure bionic chart. You will see on the fly that there are very interesting things to discover.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In addition, you can then insert the detailed trend strength indicator and the histogram into your chart image. I rarely work with the histogram to identify the largest pullbacks, as the view on the upper numbers is quite sufficient for me. In daily trading, I usually work with this chart image in my 55 inch main chart. There all time units from M1 to MN are stored. From this view, I generate my lines based on supply and demand. How to get these lines worked out I will publish in a separate blog for later. It is important to get used to this form of presentation of the candles in order to work with them over the long term.

Of course, you can also work with your individual system. In the end, what matters is that their perspective is widened and they recognize things they have not seen before. This will allow them to make more concrete decisions to increase their overall return.

Indicator bionic chart
Attached File(s)   smBionicChart-Histogram_v1.ex4

9 KB
|
726 downloads

--- 帖子 #712 ---
Indicators for Project 2 Part 2 (bionic chart)

In addition to my main screen and a trading screen, I still work with different dashboards that give me different information at different times. I'd like to introduce three of these dashboards, each with a screen, because they also work with the bionic chart.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

This dashboard is a bit more complicated as it basically consists of two different MT4 units that are simply placed side by side. Each of these two units has a bionic chart with 5 seconds of candles. Before you can enter the specified settings (in my picture), you must first install the Flexichart indicator. This indicator generates an individual second chart from the tick data of your broker. The better the tick data, the more accurate the seconds chart.

The program is older, but works very well. The diagram is executed offline. Of course, once they close the screen, the data will no longer be processed. When you open the screen again, the course will continue at the current location. Of course, if you work in the 5 seconds chart, it will take some time to get enough information together. Of course, you can make different settings every second. For the indicator there is a detailed description, although older, however, I think that they will manage it.

If you have both charts running, please note that you are loading the bionic chart into the offline chart, otherwise it will not work. The M1 chart in which you drew the Flexichart indicator must not be closed. If they then make the same settings as in my picture, nothing should go wrong. In the end, you just have to align the two seconds charts on one screen and you're ready to go.

Important

Please note that the Flexichart indicator will only work when current tick data is delivered. So from Sunday evening to Friday evening.

You should watch these two charts very closely at the beginning and draw their conclusions. This gives you incredibly interesting information, especially in the short term. Watch this picture especially when reversing trends or if a trend becomes stronger or weaker. Do not despair, at the beginning you only see letters later the words and at the end you understand the whole sentence.

Attached File(s)   FlexiChart_2.0.ex4

17 KB
|
583 downloads
Attached File(s)   IO_Utils.ex4

6 KB
|
552 downloads
Attached File(s)   OffLine.ex4

12 KB
|
550 downloads
Attached File(s)   FlexiChart (1).pdf

446 KB
|
665 downloads

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here you see the same principle of representation as in the seconds chart, except that these are normal time units. I like to work with the M5, M15, H1, and H4. In addition, I still work here with the Momentum Indicator, which shows me a peak momentum defined by me. In the M5 I work with a setting of 4/4, in the M15 with 7/7 in the H1 with 15/15 and in the H4 with 28/28. These settings are of course variable.

Attached File(s)   Momentum Candles v1.01.mq4

2 KB
|
648 downloads

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

A very interesting dashboard for me, because here with the bionic chart all time units are juxtaposed. This enables me to identify certain resistance zones relatively quickly. The width of the bars has a setting of 16 for me. Of course, you can also place several bars next to each other by reducing the width of the bars. Below the bars, you can see the Density indicator, which very efficiently displays the strength of a candle. A doji would rate the indicator with 0, a strong candle without wicks with 100.

Attached File(s)   Density Histogram.mq4

< 1 KB
|
618 downloads

With the three newly developed indicators smZigzagBionics, smZigzagBionicsOsc and the smBionicChartHistogram, they have now received an interesting tool that provides them with important information in a very difficult market environment. However, please note that these indicators do not indicate trading decisions. The trading decisions should result exclusively from their home system. These three indicators will help you, especially in the short term, to make your main trade decision.

So now it's time to test and experiment. See if you can cope with the presented tools and if these tools will give you important information. At the end of the week I want to dedicate myself to the third project. Here it will be specific to the individual dashboards, which will give me very important information especially in the area of supply and demand.

This project is a kind of fine adjustment of all information. At first glance, all this looks very complicated, but in certain situations, only certain information is required. Sifting them at a glance is relatively easy.

I wish you a lot of success and a lot of fun with the new indicators and I look forward to your feedback.

best regards
Michael

--- 帖子 #713 ---
EXCELLENT JOB SIR JUST WAITING FOR THE MARKET TO OPEN SO THAT I CAN TEST ALL THE INDICATORS AND GIVE YOU FEEDBACK ITS ONLY BECAUSE OF GOOD HEARTED PEOPLE LIKE YOU TODAY THAT THE WORLD IS STILL IN GOOD SHAPE MAY YOU ALWAYS BE BLESSED AND BE ALWAYS BE HAPPY

--- 帖子 #714 ---
[quote=HumbleLearne;11556319]EXCELLENT JOB SIR

Hello HumbleLearne,

Thank you for your great compliment and your constructive words. I am very happy, and I am very proud that they are so involved in our blog. This will help all traders in the future to obtain important information about this interesting concept. The more dealers participate in this concept, the more information we get. We can build on that further strategies.

Thanks again for your help and much success in today's trade

Best regards

--- 帖子 #715 ---
"Quid pro quo" is similar to "I give, you give"

Hello dear subscriber,
hello dear traders,

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

yesterday afternoon I uploaded our 2nd project with the complete settings. The first great feedback I have already received, thank you. Please note that the bionic chart can only access data that exists in your MT4. If you have data in your monthly calendar for 240 months and you want to use the bionic chart to display 300 months, that may not work and the screen will stay black. With setting 240 it will work fine.

The 3 projects that we have prepared in the last 6 months have been a lot of work with countless hours, often until late at night. Many things did not work right away and had to be redeveloped or corrected. The test runs went on for weeks and were corrected and adjusted. I believe that everyone knows how much work is behind such a project.

Behind the principle of this work stands the absolute independence of every trader who works with these indicators. First, because it is not an automated system that gives the trader little insight into the trading method, and second, because these indicators can be combined with any trader's system. Although I live off the trade, I like to do this project work, everyone can imagine that my trading time is considerably reduced. I do not want to get money for this work because everyone who works with these indicators, through his feedback, helps us get better every day.

The more traders work with it and use this approach, the more information we get to generate further developments. Therefore, I ask you to recommend this bionic chart and to make it available to other traders. The more dealers use the bionic chart, the faster everyone gets ahead.

What information is specifically about. These indicators are new and so we can not have many years of experience. It is now time to gather this experience. How can you identify possible reversals? How do you recognize trend confirmations? What are the advantages of the new chart view? How do you combine the bionic chart with supply and demand?

There are certainly many interesting benefits that we have not yet recognized or seen. The more traders work with it, the sooner the benefits become more visible and clearer. Alone you can achieve a lot, everything together. I would be happy if we could gather a lot of information in a large community in order to learn and move on from it. Now some might think that it would be better if as few people know about it as the more they know, the smaller their own advantage. If I had thought so, the indicator would never have come on the market. I think we all have more benefits from the knowledge that everyone contributes, than when everyone worked for himself.

I have some ideas on how to understand and analyze the market much easier. I will be happy to devote myself to these projects in the next few years, but for this we need a large dealer community that is constructive and solution-oriented. Only together we can do it. Maybe you support our community and participate in our projects. I know that I interpret the market differently than the textbooks, but perhaps this view of a market that arises by chance is the right way to go.

Through constructive cooperation, our community will become bigger and stronger and we will reach our goals even faster. I would like to emphasize once again that I am not concerned with money but only with information. This information is worth more than money and will help us all make faster and more accurate trading decisions in the future. And if we can work even more efficiently in daily trading, the goal is achieved.

I thank all of you who are helping to make progress in this community.

Good luck this week

best regards

--- 帖子 #716 ---
thank you Michael for your work and information share .

i am working on your chart style .

can you tell us , how you are using this chart to find equilibriums ?

--- 帖子 #717 ---
Thank you very much for all the work you are doing.

--- 帖子 #718 ---
Hello geosevilla,

First of all, welcome to our blog and thank you very much for your recognition. I really enjoy the work, because I know that many dealers are involved in the project and we get even faster information. Please feel free to participate in the project and of course be the first to be informed about news.

I wish you a lot of fun. Greetings

--- 帖子 #719 ---
Hello Amenocy,

I am pleased that the bionic chart is already very well received, as you know this chart is still relatively new. Of course, I had some time to work with it, but with the background to check if the output values are correct. Of course, within the next two weeks, I will specifically report on supply and demand. The third project is yet to come and should be completed by the end of next week.

However, I can give you a little hint. If you build a 5 second chart and copy the bionic chart into it you will have 20 candles per minute. Try plotting resistance and support lines using this 5 second chart as I did in my posted video.

Inserted Video

Of course, this will not always work, as there are superior resistance and support lines. That's not dramatic, though, as they get used to the chart faster. In half an hour, you have processed 600 candles. With a 1 minute chart you would need 10 hours for this workout. As I said, it's only time to get a feel for the kind of candles, because such a way of training is a good option. However, you need a 20 times faster response time.

I wish you a lot of success. Greetings

--- 帖子 #720 ---
Different than others

Hello dear trader,

Supply zones and demand zones always work on the same principle in different time units.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

At point A they see the formation of an Equilibrium, then the price goes down sharply. This will tell you how strong this supply zone is. As soon as the price falls into a demand zone, an equilibrium arises again, ie a sideways trend. After the price penetrated somewhat deeper into the demand zone, finally a strong upward trend developed. Only when the price at point C came back into this strong supply zone, he turned off and went down sharply. Point B is also a supply zone which was not strong enough to stop the uptrend.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Let's look at a second example. We see again an equilibrium and then a strong supply market that catapults the price from point A downwards. It creates a great equilibrium and after the price has penetrated slightly deeper into the demand zone, the upward trend began. Only when the course had arrived at point C and penetrated into this strong supply zone, he was strongly dismissed down. Point B is also an offer zone but could not push the price down.

The first chart is a weekly chart in EURUSD on the second chart is a 5 minute chart today.

They recognize the importance of identifying demand zones or supply zones. This identification of the zones is always a challenge, but we get here with the new trend strength indicator some clues that can help us. The background of these three projects is to find these important supply zones or demand zones faster and more effectively. Decisive here are always the zones from which a course goes strong high  or strong low.

Pay attention to these strong zones and try to draw them in your chart. Start by researching why a certain course went up or down. This gives you a first feel for what is happening in the market right now. Then you can draw these zones in their current price history and see if they hit the exact zones. Whether the zones were right or wrong, then you should analyze what mistakes they made and what things they overlooked.

As you know, the time-definite candles (M1, M5 ....) Are created by chance from a random course. If you're lucky, you'll see a Doji announcing a turnaround, but due to the candlelight, it's a coincidence and you should not rely on it. You may already have noticed that extreme course changes take place at full hours or half hours. Although the bionik chart allows for a bit more accurate views despite random candle formation one should try to change the time content in order to avoid as many full or half hours as possible. Odd time units are optimal.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Since for me a time unit for trading between 5 and 10 minutes is optimal I once compared the minutes between 6 minutes and 9 minutes. How often is a candle displayed within 24 hours at exactly the full or half hour?

When setting 6 minutes starting at 0:00 am, 24 candles end at the hour and 24 candles at half hour.

At the setting of 8 minutes 12 candles end on the hour and 0 candles at half hour.

At a setting of 9 minutes, 8 candles end at the hour and 8 candles at half hour.

At a setting of 7 minutes, 3 candles end at the full hour and 4 candles at half hour.

Thus, the setting of 7 minutes for me would be the most optimal to optimize the randomness of candle formation something.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Now I have used the trend strength indicator and compared a current M5 chart with a current M7 chart. While I only got strong pullback identification in the M5 chart, M7 Chart already had 3 pullback identifications. It turns out, therefore, that a small change in time, in which the candles are formed, can give rise to some advantages. The pricing is exactly the same, the candle formation was only slightly changed by the time unit.

Unlike others, often the right way can be.

I wish you a successful day

best regards

--- 帖子 #721 ---
Hello,

you have done this statistic manually, or using a program

cordially

--- 帖子 #722 ---
Hello mchl13,

You can write the time statistics quickly with Java, but it is faster with Excel.

A1 = the time, B1 = minutes to be added, input in field A2 “=A1+Time(0; B1; 0)”

And just pull down, done.

best regards

--- 帖子 #723 ---
Video with the new Bionic Chart

Hello dear traders,

Today I have made another attempt to test the bionic chart in the current price of the EURUSD, in how far it can determine price movements and reversals.

For that, I chose a slightly quieter time from 11:22 to 11:52 CET. To make the video tamper-proof, a 5-second chart was selected, the time is displayed and a course display installed. You can also see that I have not recognized all price changes immediately.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

From 11:22 CET it started, we are in a sideways trend, the length of which I could not estimate at the time. Just before 12:00 CET volatility tends to go down a bit. My prediction was that the price above the red lines would gain in volatility and the price would go higher. When the video started, the forecast was already inserted there.

In half an hour, 600 candles have been formed and my task was to predict the possible price development using the bionic charts. It should be clear that this is not an easy task, especially in an equilibrium phase. You will realize that I was not always 100% correct, which is quite understandable with a 5 second chart. You are welcome to try it yourself.

Take a look at the video and see for yourself what advantages the bionic chart offers.

Inserted Video

Although not all my assessments were exactly right, nevertheless my forecast of the possible course course agreed.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

For me, the bionics chart is just as new as it is for you, so I have to continue training in this area in order to identify the demand zones or supply zones more quickly in order to predict trend reversals more accurately. I had the biggest difficulties in the sideways market in the Equilibrium phase. There I was not able to pinpoint all trend reverses immediately. Overall, I would view my assessment of at least 65% as correct.

A 5 second chart is a real challenge, as the price jumps are very volatile and inaccurate. But for a workout, a 5 sec chart is ideal. The higher we go later in the time units, the more accurate statements are possible.

Especially as a scalper, fast reaction in smaller time units is a prerequisite for success. If you make more than 65% of the right decisions in a 5 second chart, it will be much easier in larger time units.

As a rally driver, you can also get along better in winter than most motorists. It's just a matter of training.

I wish you a successful day today

best regards

--- 帖子 #724 ---
For your eyes only…

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Hello dear subscribers,

A few days ago I talked to the team from FF, I wanted to know if there is a possibility beside a mail, in order to give information to the Subscriber, which I do not post over the blog. Unfortunately, this possibility does not exist yet. I explained to FF that a Subscriber is a special member and a special form of support for every blog writer and deserves special recognition. There may be a chance at some point just to get in contact with the subscribers, but there is no specific information yet.

Anyone who supports a blog, makes positive suggestions for improvement, and benefits everyone, should receive a special form of recognition within the community. FF also has the yellow, orange and red points for active members. Many subscribers now accompany me from the beginning and I would like to thank you once again for the many ideas and the great exchange. I think they have learned a lot of interesting things in the last 9 months, and have received very interesting auxiliary indicators in recent projects. I could only develop and implement these ideas in a collaborative effort.

Every blog writer is interested in moving forward with the strategy he has been pursuing for years. That is understandable and legitimate. That's exactly what I also want. My way is the demand and the offer, and as you can see in the two published videos on the blog 721 and 725, you can well anticipate about 2/3 of the trend reversals. The downside, it takes time to master this trading style perfectly. Many people want quick success, supply and demand are based on sustainable success. This concept works not only with currency pairs, but also with commodities, gold or stocks. With it one learns to act independently and long-term successfully.

For this reason, the subscribers who are more involved in the future, should receive from me in the future crucial information, assistance, market analysis and also indicators that I will not publish on the blog. With this you will be upgraded dear Subscribers and together we will bring the strategy of Supply and Demand forward. This trading approach is the only option for me with a manageable risk of generating interesting profits.

To prevent possible assumptions, this information is free to all subscribers and will always be. I earn my money trading so I am independent and earn more than selling any trading services. FF is for me the most interesting and largest platform in the world, so we will certainly find more members in the future who would like to join us on our journey. And we can accelerate this way together.

Our Project 3 is now just around the corner and I will give some thought to the topic of Subscriber Support and look forward to your creative ideas.

I wish you a nice Weekend

best regards

--- 帖子 #725 ---
I did 1 update in the indicator CM_Strength, i think will be useful for you. And i have 1 question about S&P-500, if have some reason for the drop.

https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...&goto=lastpost

.

--- 帖子 #726 ---
[quote=palpite;11579175]{quote} I did 1 update in the indicator CM_Strength, i think will be useful for you. And i have 1 question about S&P-500, if have some reason

Hello palpite,

First of all, thank you for your great work, I will use your indicator from Monday and then report. Interesting arrays . Let's talk about your question about the S & P500.

The cash indices are not my preferred choice in the trade, as the economic conditions are causing this price to almost only go up. To anticipate a possible downtrend, I need a reference value in the past. Since the cash indices always reflect new highs, there is often no reference value, so I let it off. In such a situation, I need news and economic information or indicators to derive trade decisions from them, but I totally disregard news and opinions.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

At the beginning of the year 2018, there was already a lot of pressure that started right at point A. Due to the small candles on the left side, a reference value would have been incomprehensible to me, so that I would not have identified the point B as a strong resistance line. However, at point B we now have a strong resistance line that has returned the course to point C. That was exactly the zone where the strong drop down started. The red box with the yellow line (point 1) was a very strong resistance at the time. One sees what difficulties the course had to get through this resistance line. At point D, the price went down again but was rejected again at point E, after which the price went up to point F. Effectively, at point H, a strong downward pressure was again created, which again built up a strong resistance. (Red box with yellow line point 2)

From point F there was a strong drop down. At point G, the course was rejected again. Now the price is in the strong resistance zone 2. Exactly this resistance zone 2 could push the course down again. As soon as the course crosses the blue resistance line it could run to point H. The drop this time was not as strong as before at point A.

I have drawn a possible scenario once, but I do not believe that it will develop the same way. From point B to point F we had a clean uptrend. The two drops are a clear pullback for me. For me now the red box number 2 would be a crucial resistance zone. What matters most now is how the course is heading up and whether there are other strong drops. Should the drops get stronger down, this could be an indication of a possible downtrend. What matters is how the course behaves in the two zones. At the moment, it looks as if Resistance Zone 1 would have been completed and the course can now continue unhindered on its way up. For me, these many uncertainties are one of the reasons why I stay away from the cash indices. Nevertheless, the S & P is a very interesting medium for the professionals who are familiar with the field to act successfully.

Of course, it is very clear that after two strong drop-downs, it will be hard to find buyers again. Sadly, confidence builds up only very slowly. Reasons why it comes to a drop are quickly found, but we will never know the real reason. Once the trust is gone, the price goes down very quickly. One advantage is the current situation, there is more volatility in the game and that is a very interesting aspect for a trader. Nevertheless, my comments are pure speculation, I know myself here too little to give a concrete help.

I wish you a nice weekend

best regards

--- 帖子 #727 ---
I don't know, i think have 1 double top in the chart weekly. Maybe i'm wrong, let's see in the next weeks. Thank you and good luck.

.

--- 帖子 #728 ---
Hello Michael

I'm a newbie in forex. However I have been following your thread with great interest since begining of this year.

I would like to thank you for sharing your knowledge and wisdom personally, as I learnt great deal in very short time.

Today I have taken the plunge and opened live account to practice your teachings.

Thank you very much.

Best regards

Scorpy

--- 帖子 #729 ---
Hello Scorpy,

First of all, welcome to our blog and thank you for your kind compliment. Nice to hear that you've been following this blog since the beginning of the year, and I suppose that you've been trading the supply and demand extensively with a demo account. If you have not already done so, I recommend this strategy first with a demo account to lose as little money as possible. Counter-trend Scalping is one of the most sophisticated trading approaches, and if you master this type of trading, you are one of a small group of traders who tackle this challenge.

Always work with a small 4-5 pip stop and try to trade trades that have at least 15-50 pip potential. These trades can be chosen very well with supply and demand. Start in the daily chart and record your resistance, then go into H4 and level your resistance. Then do the same in the H1 and M15. I recommend the trade in the M5 and in small volatility sometimes in the M1. Never take too much risk by making the stop bigger and let the course run smoothly into the stop. If you are working with a risk-to-reward ratio of 1: 5 and are correct in 50% of all cases, you're on the right track. If you lose, please do not increase your contract number to get the loss back. There are simply days where you do not have the right feeling. Finish your day and start the next day with renewed vigor.

I wish you success and I hope you have trained enough in the demo account to achieve your personal goal. Always remember you are acting against the elite. Please act respectfully but without fear.

best regards

--- 帖子 #730 ---
Interesting attitude with the bionic chart

Hello dear subscribers,

First of all, welcome to all new subscribers, we are pleased that you are on board with us and wish you much joy and great information in this blog. If you have questions, we're here to help.

I hope that you already have your first experiences with the new bionic chart and that he has served you well so far.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

As you know, the bionik chart contains several different settings that you already know.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Another interesting setting is possible with the bionic chart. Here you can see a completely colored candle, depending on whether the open is smaller or larger than the close. This makes it possible to see fast trend sequences at a glance. Of course you can also make Open and close visible here as already described. In certain situations, this setting can also be very helpful.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Let's take a closer look at this setting in the EURUSD Daily Chart. As already written a few months ago, we still have a very strong resistance. However, the course has entered this resistance zone for the ninth time.

In addition, we now have strong bullish support lines that may take the course over the top blue arrows. As soon as the price passes through the upper black resistance and also accepts it as a resistance on the return run, the price is up to possibly 1.28 free. Let's see how long that will take.

The third project is in preparation, but it will take a while.

I wish you a nice finishing time

Best regards

--- 帖子 #731 ---
Recognize trend consequences

Hello dear Subsciber,

Once in the monthly chart from January 1971 to today, I divided the EURUSD into a demand market and a supply market. In addition, I examined the trend strength of the individual zones with the bionic trend indicator.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The green bars represent the demand market while the red bars represent the supply market. The uptrend No. 1 was very sustainable and strong. The number 56.6 means that each candle was on average 56.6 pip. After that, there was a relatively short supply market in No. 2, which pushed the price almost back down. The average candle size here was 95.5 pip. Although the price was down sharply, the trend was not sustainable enough.

The wider a beam, the more sustainable the trend. In this picture you can see very well that the first two uptrends have been very strong and sustainable. The two subsequent downtrends, however, were less sustainable, but very strong. The third uptrend was less sustainable than the two uptrends ahead. But the last downtrend was the most sustainable so far. Of course you have to keep in mind that a course often goes down faster than up. Nevertheless, prices have risen overall and the uptrend has been more sustainable than the downtrend. From 1971 to today, the price has risen by 6,100 pip. One dollar would have turned $ 61,000 today, equivalent to a return of 26.4% per annum.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The bionic trend strength indicator shows us, the smaller the number the weaker but more sustainable the trend and the larger the number the stronger but less sustainable the trend. That is, larger numbers often indicate a pullback. The first two uptrends were sustainable and followed by a short pullback. Now the downtrend is more sustainable than the uptrend for the first time. However, one can say that the downtrend has weakened and the uptrend has become stronger. If the trend continues and the downtrend remains more sustainable than the uptrend, it could go much further down.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Now I've refined the setting a bit to get an accurate overview. The width of the bars makes it easy to identify a sustainable trend and a pullback. I divided the downtrend and uptrend into strong and weak respectively. In addition, there is a strong and a weak pullback. The strength or weakness of each trend does not relate to price appreciation but to the sustainability of the trend. The longer a trend runs, the more sustainable it is, as can be seen by the width of a bar. Let's take a look at whether this graphic makes it possible to identify long-term reversals.

Trend1

In 1971 it started with a strong uptrend followed by a weak pullback, followed by a weak upward trend. The weak pullback hinted that there could now be a stronger uptrend. After the strong uptrend there was a strong downward trend. Here you could not find a conclusion on a trend reversal, however, if you look at the course within the blue circle once, you could draw conclusions from it.

Trend2

After a strong downtrend followed by a weak pullback, then the downtrends were significantly weaker which has given an indication of a possible trend reversal.

Trend 3

It followed a strong upward trend, which was not quite so sustainable. It was followed by a relatively strong pullback. From then on the uptrends became much weaker and with the blue arrow they can see very well that a strong pullback took place. This pullback was more sustainable than the uptrend ahead. That gave an indication that there could soon be a turnaround.

Trend 4

There followed a strong downtrend and a strong pullback. The pullback was stronger than the last uptrend ahead. This was followed by a strong downward trend. The turnaround was not correct, but you could guess, as the second downtrend was less sustainable than the first downtrend.

Trend 5

This was followed by a strong and sustained upward trend. The pullback was relatively weak and the result was another relatively strong uptrend but weaker than the first uptrend.

Trend 6

The downtrend began with a very weak trend followed by a very strong pullback. This was followed by two more weak downtrends and two more strong pullbacks. In principle, this is a big equilibrium before the price went down. That was an indication that the bulls were not quite satisfied yet. For this reason, this downward trend is the most sustainable in the EURUSD to date. The blue arrow shows a strong pullback that took place within an equilibrium.

Trend 7

In relation to the other uptrends, the last upward trend of € 1.03 is the weakest so far. However, he is stronger than the last five downtrends. You can clearly see that the volatility has decreased significantly in recent years. Within a trend, the trend reversals have increased significantly. This is an indication that the trade has become much difficult, especially the high-frequency traders have contributed a lot.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The sustainability of the upward trend has increased in the last three trend sequences. This is particularly interesting in the smaller time units, so you can make more short-term statements.

Overall, the uptrends have been more sustainable than the downtrend so far. From 574 months we were 347 months up and 227 months down. That means 40% down and 60% up.

You see that it's not just price increases that matter, but the sustainability of a trend. From this it is also possible to derive conclusions about future trend movements.

I wish you a successful week

best regards

--- 帖子 #732 ---
Bionic

Nice presentation.

I really like the candles and I am now using them exclusively.  I haven't really been able to incorporate the trend strength part into my trading, however I will give it another shot after this presentation.  Thanks for everything thus far.

--- 帖子 #733 ---
Hello pakeha,

Thank you for your kind statement. The trend strength is an essential factor for success. If you know the trend sequence, you can trade much more easily with the trend and just against the trend (pullback). The pullbacks are the most interesting for me because they run smoothly. These are clean and fast movements. So I'm not in the market for a long time, use very small stops and get in a short time very interesting risk profit ratios. The biggest advantage is that I do not have a lot of competition, because many are dealing with the trend. The longer you are in the market, the higher the risk of losing profits. And nothing is more frustrating than trading up for a few hours and a big player destroys your winnings in seconds. Pay attention to the high numbers in the bionic trend indicator, they could be a sign of a strong pullback. This approach is a bit risky as the last number may still change. But with supply and demand, you can hedge a little.

I wish you much success

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #734 ---
Trend chances on 18.10.2018
Hello dear subscribers,

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Enclosed briefly today's trading opportunities with the bionic trend indicator. Of course, you could often only start into the current trend, but the information received has helped to identify the trend strengths and draw conclusions from them. Please note that this is an auxiliary indicator that does not give me any entry signals or exit signals.

Nevertheless, the assistance is very interesting and gives me important clues.

best regards

--- 帖子 #735 ---
Start with project No.3

Hello dear subscribers,

Today I want to start with the 3rd project and introduce an interesting dashboard as an introduction. So that they can get a first impression, I have created a video.

Start of the video in EURUSD at 18:09 - 18:19 CET

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Within the white lines is the price history, so you know how the price has developed.

There was high volatility during the period, the range was relatively low as the price was a downtrend and then an uptrend. Still, the information you get from it is quite interesting.

Inserted Video

I will explain the dashboard by the weekend at the latest and put up the corresponding indicators. The installation will be relatively easy. It is important that your broker provides data from the USD Index. Of course it works without these data.

I wish you a nice evening

best regards

--- 帖子 #736 ---
Hello dear traders,

The last few days have been quite unusual in EURUSD and many have considered when the price will finally rise again. Normally, I can see changes in the daily trend very often based on supply and demand, but in the last few days it has also been relatively difficult for me. These funny days, as I call them, are often before the end of a big turnaround. We are back at a point where the course has been before and maybe we can now see a small uptrend again.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

However, if I go a little into the past and look at the supply zones and demand zones, this results in a slightly different picture. The course may need to return to the 1.133736 -1.13641 zone to get the buyers back on track. Should the price once again start a strong downtrend, that does not mean that the price ends exactly on my red resistance line. Within the red resistance line, in my view, a strong uptrend could arise. These are of course pure forecasts, it is important to observe the course in the smaller time units. The price still seems to have strong bearish pressure.

I wish you a successful trading day

best regards

--- 帖子 #737 ---
Bionic Dashboard Installation

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Hello dear subscribers,

Finally the time has come and it was very time-consuming to create the dashboard so that you have as little work as possible with it and at the same time a quick sense of achievement. This dashboard was populated with different indicators created by great programmers and dealers. In addition I will write in the next contributions still a lot. Thank you very much for this great and professional work.

First, unpack the zip file. So nothing goes wrong creating a new Metatrader MT4. Of course you can also paste the files into your existing Metatrader MT4. As a precaution, back up your most important templates.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Open the data folder in your Metatrader. In the Profiles folder, insert the Bionic "Dashboard with Dollar Index" and the "Bionic Dashboard Standard". In your indicators folder you insert unpacked 21 indicators. Then close the Metatrader and start it again.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Now open the profile: "Bionic Dashboard Standard". This can be found under Profiles. Your chart will probably look similar to my photo now. If there are some missing lines in the chart image at the top left, just set the time unit to 5 minutes and then back to 1 minute. After that, the lines would have to be complete.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Next we want to activate the 4 empty windows of the MAdash indicator. There are two options. Click in one of the windows and open the indicator MADash and press on edit. After that, the window would have to rise as in the picture. Then only on o. K. Press to activate the indicator. If that does not work, open a new chart window and load the MADash indicator into it. Then the window will open on o. K. Press and indicator will be activated.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Next, load the profile: "Bionic Dashboard with Dollar Index". To work with this profile you need the US Dollar Index from your broker. Open the market overview, with a right click you indicate that you want to display all symbols. Once you've found the Dollar Index, just drag it into the bottom window and the indicator works.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Now open the indicator: 1overlaychart_line. There you enter the correct name for the US dollar index, which is given by your broker. Then press Color and o. K. Now, a red line should appear next to a green line in your chart. If not, change the color and press o. K again. after that, everything should work for them.

If you do not have a dollar index, you can re-enable the first profile (Bionic Dashboard Standard), so you can work just as well.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Now her chart is almost done. The picture shows a series of letters. If you now click through these letters from A to Z on the respective pictures, your chart would have to look like mine.

Please note the following: If you make a change within your chart, this is automatically saved in the profile. Therefore, save the original profiles and if necessary upload them again to the Metatrader.

Since the market is still running for about 5 hours today, I have already uploaded the indicators and the installation instructions in advance. This allows you to try the chart before. I will finish the explanation of the individual indicators in the next few days.

Take another look at the video from post 737.

I would like to remind you once again that these are purely auxiliary indicators. This dashboard will not give you entry or exit signals. But you get important trend signals that support you in daily trading.

I wish you the best of luck if you have any questions, I'm happy to help. If you are satisfied, I would be very happy to receive your feedback.

best regards

Attached File(s)   Bionic Dashboard.zip

597 KB
|
848 downloads

--- 帖子 #738 ---
Explanation to the bionic dashboard

Hello dear traders,

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

At the beginning of the year I have already published a dashboard and as you can see, that has already changed a lot. This is simply because there are indicators or signals that just work better for me. This does not mean that the indicators are bad, it just means there are indicators that give me the signals more clearly. As you know, the only constant is the alteration. Two-thirds of the indicators have been preserved, an essential aspect was the news indicator. Since news for me are not relevant at all, it could be replaced. In addition, some indicators were placed more efficiently.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Essentially, there are four windows for me that deliver decisive signals. Below, I will discuss these four windows individually.

Inserted Video

Here is the video again:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In the first window we have four ads. In the first two windows we each have a currency strength indicator. While the first bearish indicator indicates a medium-term bias, I get short-term signals from the second currency strength indicator.

1. CCFp Indicator, Developer: SemSemFX, Interesting currency strength gauge

2. + RS_Group EUR & USD indicator, Developer: unknown, Very interesting strength indicator that reacts faster than the price chart. Here, the EUR was currently compared with the dollar.

3. CFP indicator, Developer: SemSemFX, An indicator that gives almost the result of the euro and dollar strength.

4. smZigZagbionicsOsc, Developer: Bionics, Swingman, new treadmill dosimeter,

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In my second overview window the following indicators are included.

The green line is the EURUSD shown as a line chart. The red line is the mirrored dollar index, as it usually behaves contrary to the euro US dollar. In addition, my trend strength indicator was used.

1. Overlay Chart Indicator, Developer: S.B.T. ,This indicator works only if your broker provides you the dollar index. He compares the EURUSD with the dollar index in the 1M chart. You may need to change the name of the Dollar Index as this varies from broker to broker.

2. smZigZag-Bionics, Developer: Bionics, Swingman, new threshold strength indicator,

Here you can see the essential dates that are coming up in the EURUSD. The important dates appear in red and the unimportant dates in yellow. I prefer yellow and orange appointments, as I often do not work on red dates.

3. News Calendar Indicator, Developer: eucild high impact FF member, Important dates that can affect my currency pair are displayed here from Forex Factory. Many settings are possible.

Here is an interesting currency strength indicator that shows the changes with arrows. There is already a newer indicator yes also reacts faster, but I like the display of the old indicator better.

4. CM Strength Indicator, Developer: palpite high impact FF Member, An interesting indicator about the strongest currencies.

Next to it is a clock that you can set individually.

5. Time indicator, Developer: FX Automated,

The display below shows me the average pip number within a certain time sequence. It is always easy to see the current volatility.

6. Average candle, Developer: cja high impact Member FF, The average candle time can be set individually here. I work here with 3 averages 900/30/1.

7. In addition to the important dates you will see three lines a green red and white.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In principle, this is a 5 minute chart with three moving averages. An exponential MA with the setting 9 in the 5 minute chart (white line), a simple MA 9 from the H1 and a simple MA 38 also from the H1. This is just an overview of the trend consequences for me. If the red line is above the green line = downtrend. If the green line is above the red line = uptrend. The white line shows a faster change.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here you see twice an M1 Bionic Chart, which is divided into bullish and bearish candles. In addition, the density indicator has been added. In Post 283 I have written a detailed report about it.

https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...6#post10777396

Now the indicator has been modified and divided into bullish and bearish strength. The indicator can be downloaded at the end of the blog.

1. smBionicChart-Histogram_v1.ex4, Developer: Bionics, Swingman, completely new chart view,

2. smZigZag-Bionics, Developer: Bionics, Swingman, new threshold strength indicator,

3. Density_Histogram_Red_Green, Developer: palpate high impact Member FF, idea: Bionics, Thank you very much, palpite,

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The following overview window is structured so that I have arranged the bullish segments in the upper area and the bearish segments in the lower area.

The left overview panel is the decisive one for me. In the upper part the euro is compared with all the major currency pairs while the bottom the dollar is compared with all the major currency pairs. If the upper part is green and the lower part is red we have an uptrend if the upper part is red and the lower part is green we have a downtrend. Green means strength, red means weakness in the respective currency. Please note that this is only the 1 minute chart, which is a very short term range.

1. MADdash indicator, Developer: honestknave high impact member FF, A multi timeframe dashboard looking at price. Listed are 17 ads from 1-17. Here the size can be changed individually. Green means Euro strength, red means Dollar strength. Timeframes from left: 1M, 5M, 15M, 30M and 1H.

Next to it are two candles in the M1 once from the EURUSD and once from the Dollar Index.

2. Chart Indicator, Developer: fxcoder, that was linked to the dollar index

Next to it are two more strength ads in Euro and Dollar.

3. Cruscotto indicator EUR and Dollar, Developer: Andrea Salvatore, Interesting strength indicator of time units in the EUR

In the middle is the Candle Strength indicator for all time units. The Candle Strength indicator displays the distance between the open and close as a percentage of the total height of the candle.

4. Candle Strength indicator, Developer: Hanover high impact member FF, Hanover has adjusted the indicator for me, I used the following time units: 1M, 5M, 15M, 30M, 1H, 4H, D, W1, MN

On the far right is the current price, the costs in pip, as well as another interesting indicator: S-KG Buyer Seller indicator.

5. Price Display mnc, developer: cja high impact Member FF, very interesting tool with variable settings,

6. Spead_5Digit, Developer: Andrij Moraru,

7. S-KG Buyer Seller indicator, Developer: saronko high impact Member FF, Thanks to Kang_Gun source code and FerruFx advice, The indicator, reacting quickly to price change. In addition, a current price indicator and the spread was incorporated.

At this point I would like to thank all programmers who have programmed these great tools.

Of course there is also a small hook in this great overview. The more information I get, the harder it gets to keep track. However, like everything in life, this is a matter of training. Of course, you can set up the dashboard at any time to suit your individual situation. As you've noticed, my dashboard changes regularly as I notice there are other signals that give me faster information.

This dashboard gives me another confirmation once I have already made a decision to enter a trade. So you should only use it for support. But it is extremely well suited for this and delivers signals quickly and efficiently. However, you have to work with it for a while to get used to it and to handle it. Remove the indicators that do not help you. I am convinced that one or the other tool will certainly help you.

The dashboard in Post 739 was built so that you can easily install it. The optimal screen size is 1920 x 1080, otherwise you will need to customize the dashboard.

I wish you much joy and success with your dashboard and I am pleased about your feedback.

best regards

Attached File(s)   Density_Histogram_Red_Green.mq4

3 KB
|
659 downloads

--- 帖子 #739 ---
Post 500: How do I find the important turning points?

Hello dear traders,

This is my 500th contribution in this forum and thus a small anniversary. I came here to help other traders and get help as well. If you read my first article and compare it with the last article, you will find that a significant development has taken place. What has remained is my system of supply and demand. I have developed it together with you so far that it is getting easier.

At this point I would like to express once again my heartfelt thanks, because all projects would not have been possible without the help of you. One hand washes the other, we say in germany.

That's why I put together a very special article for you today.

Every trader wants an ad that always tells him exactly when a trend is going up or down. The area of supply and demand has always given me very reliable information about the trend consequences, but I often lacked crucial information that I did not recognize quickly enough.

The creation of the Bionic Chart and the Bionic Trend Strength Indicator had a very definite reason. The goal was to be able to recognize the trend reverses more precisely with the help of demand and supply. I clearly succeeded in achieving this goal and today I would like to show you a concrete example of this.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here is a D1 chart from the EURUSD from April 2017 to October 2018. Using the smBionic-ZigZag indicator (setting: 8/2/4), I once worked out and colored the strongest uptrend and downtrend. It can be seen here that Trend B, C & D were the strongest in this period. The Bionic Chart I need to make the candles monochrome without wick. This clearly shows the strong uptrend or downtrend in the daily chart.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Next, within these strong trends, I picked the strongest day candles and drew a resistance line out of them. In total, this resulted in four resistance lines from number one to number four. Sure, I could have drawn more, but to illustrate the whole thing I leave it at these four resistance levels. After drawing the resistance line number 4 you can see how the course within these lines behaved afterwards. This aspect is quite interesting.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Now, at point 5, another resistance line has been added, you can see that after the line was drawn, the course did not manage to cross that line.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Now it's time to determine the concrete resistance line within the drawn resistance lines. For me it is clear that a crucial resistance within the strongest candle is in the strongest trend. This strong candle is so strong because it breaks through a very strong resistance. We have to find this resistance. A line of resistance is characterized by the fact that a course of her strong upward and / or downward runs. From the resistance line A, the price went up sharply. The course, which went up below point A, bounced off this line exactly. That's why I drew this line and as you can see, the course was bounced right there with the yellow arrow and went back up.

At point C we see the next strong candle within a very strong trend. It was relatively easy to draw the resistance line because there was a small downtrend in front of the candle that was the deciding factor. If we look at how the course reacts with the blue arrows on it, we realize that it is a strong resistance.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here you can see again the confirmation for the point A. We scroll back to November 2016. We can see here how the course from the point A runs very strong down. After the course ran back to this line, he was again briefly dismissed and then went up with an extreme strength. This strong candle thus proves that it must be a very strong resistance.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Following the same principle, I have drawn the resistance line B. The upper line I would have had to pull up a bit to have some air. This line was for me the decisive turning point for a further upward trend in the EURUSD. The resistance zones D, E & F come from the past. Let's take a closer look at where they came from and how they came about.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

To do that, we have to go back to October 2014, where we identified two very strong downtrends. From point F, the strong downtrend began and ran down. At point E you will see a gap of 50 pip in the yellow circle. The 50 pip are not the deciding factor, but they still represent a resistance for me. Below that you will find another gap, which also had significant effects, but I did not want to go into that for reasons of efficiency. Shortly before the point D, an equilibrium is created, the course goes into zone D and is strongly rejected there. After that, the price goes down very sharply. At the blue arrow you can see how the course is strongly turned down. If you go back to the previous slide, you will see how the individual zones developed. We now have six resistance levels from A to F. Now let's look into the past and see how the course reacted.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here you can see how the course reacted to resistance line E and F.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Again, you can see that the individual resistance lines are working. It's not about the price bouncing off this resistance line, it's about the price going up or down sharply from that resistance line. Often this resistance is broken several times until the price breaks up or down.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Again, you can see very well that the resistance lines are in zones that appear again and again, to which the course reacts. Of course it can also be a coincidence but I do not believe it, because a coincidence happens by accident but the lines always work. These lines I have drawn are in the daily chart and show me a medium term trend. Of course, I can do this in every unit of time.

I can recommend four time units.

The weekly chart for the long-term trend. The daily chart for the medium term trend. The H4 / H1 chart for the short-term trend and the M15 / M5 for the ultra short-term trend.

Work your way down from the high time units. Try it yourself and start to identify the trends. This approach can be well combined with their system. After all, it's all about recognizing reversals early.

I hope you enjoy trying it out and looking forward to your feedback.

For project number 3 I will post more information in the next few days.

I wish you a successful trading week

best regards

--- 帖子 #740 ---
Bionic

Again, very nicely done.

--- 帖子 #741 ---
Hello pakeha,

Thank you, I like to do it for you all, it is good that not everyone knows our strategy and applies this system.

best regards

--- 帖子 #742 ---
Bionics

I really like the "event driven" S/R concept that you have put forward here. The use of WRBs within a significant market trend.

As I look at how you have drawn the S/R zones I notice that there are different methods in use. Attached is a picture of the June/July 2017 upward move with points A and C replicated.

I understand that for Point A the lower edge of the S/R zone is the previous resistance level at around 1.1296. It appears the upper edge of the S/R zone is the low of the candle (at around 1.1312) on the first retracement after the 1.1296 resistance.

For Point C it appears a different method is used to determine the S/R zone. It seems to be the zone between the high/low of the small retracement candle prior to the WRB. Is that correct?

If my assumption is correct that there are multiple methods being used to draw the S/R zone, would it be possible to explain all of those methods (or at least the main ones) for us?

Cheers.

--- 帖子 #743 ---
[quote=pakeha;11627097]Bionics I really like the "event driven" S/R concept that you have put forward here.

Experience with the new trading approach

Hello dear pakeha, hello dear subscribers,

First of all thank you for your encouragement and your question. You are right that there are different ways to find S / R zones again. My basic and first approach was to find zones in which the price goes directly into the turnaround. Your point C is the best example. However, there are situations where a course is in equilibrium for a long time and then it is crucial to determine these two zones where the course is moving.

Let's look at a concrete example. On October 19, 2018 at 12:00 CET, I posted the following:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

We are back at a point where the course has been before and maybe we can now see a small uptrend again. However, if I go a little into the past and look at the supply zones and demand zones, this results in a slightly different picture. The course may need to return to the 1.133736 -1.13641 zone to get the buyers back on track. Should the price once again start a strong downtrend, that does not mean that the price ends exactly on my red resistance line. Within the red resistance line, in my view, a strong uptrend could arise. These are of course pure forecasts, it is important to observe the course in the smaller time units. The price still seems to have strong bearish pressure.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here we see the point A and the point B. At first glance, it looks like a double top and the assumption is obvious that the course now continues to run upwards. Exactly at point B, I gave my assessment. As I said, all assessments are basically just forecasts, because no one can know exactly what happens before. Let's go into the 5 minute chart.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here you can clearly see that the course as well as predicted runs around the line. Perhaps the price could start from this line another upward trend. It was interesting that I could find here a stronger future Equilibrium. Maybe it was just luck.

Due to the new approach of the Bionic zigzag trend strength indicator, indirect new candles are formed, which are different in width. This creates new zones that we are currently analyzing. This type of zoning was not there before because there was no such indicator.

Therefore, I can not say too much about the new destination of these zones. For me personally, it was all about optimizing the S / R zone determinations. How far that works with the new indicators will show the time. Basically, it is interesting to first realize that it works.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

When analyzing when the trend reversal direction 1.28 takes place I noticed the following.

The upwards trend from December 2016 from 1.03 to 1.255 took place in different trend sequences and strengths. The strongest trend sequence between 1.03-1.20 can be seen at point 1. Within the blue square I have drawn two resistance lines. It is very nice to see how the course at point A reacted to the upper resistance line. However, this has only brought the course to point B. Thus, the red strong zone could not be broken again. The course was strongly dismissed and ran to the point C.

The zone in which the square was drawn is a very strong demand zone. The zone 1,118 would be for me the deepest zone in which the course could run. As we are still in an uptrend, this drawn zone for me is the end of the pullback of 1.255.

Should the price move strongly down from my defined zone 1.133736 -1.13641, two more zones could be considered.

1. The course goes slightly below the zone A from then upwards (arrow Y)

2. The course runs slightly into zone D then upwards (arrow Z)

Due to the price development, it is currently very difficult for me to determine the exact turning point. Here you can only observe the price course and make his decisions in smaller time units.

This type of trade is very demanding, as it is done without great aids. Every little movement has to be taken into account. The same motion sequences hardly ever occur in practice. Exactly, that makes this trade so difficult, but also so effective. That's why I share this idea with everyone, because everyone is called to make their experiences and share them with everyone. This will help us move faster. In the different trend sequences there are HH, HL, LH and LL. The goal is to be able to better determine the HH and the LL in the future. Knowing the trend order I'm in is making trading easier.

I would be very happy if many Subscribers participate in it, because with it we all faster together successfully. The key is independence. Nobody can take away what you are learning. Once you've mastered that, you can log in to any chart image and know what's going to happen next. This allows you to draw zones, wait for the course to enter this zone, and then begin trading.

Here's an example.

On January 29, 2018, I posted a forecast in the EURCHF.

https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...7#post10719117

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The course has still not made it into the POC zone after 950 days. Now we are nearing a decisive phase. I think we will reach the zone relatively quickly. And then? Now I recommend you to watch this zone as you enter the course. As it seems, the zone could push down the course and give us some good shorts.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

It was not until April 18, 2018, just under three months later, that the EURCHF price has come to these zones. You would have had to work with a stop of 22 pip. So far, the price has gone down 820 pip. As you can see, you can also track long-term trading approaches that are very interesting in terms of the risk-reward ratio. With this type of trading, you can plan interesting trades on a long-term basis and only trade when it really pays off.

Of course we can also be wrong, because after all, we are human and we are often mistaken. But there are stops that minimize our risk significantly.

A decisive advantage of this new S / R zone determination. This allows me to identify sustainable trends. These sustainable trends are the deciding factor because the fast trends are often just pullbacks without sustainability. This approach greatly reduces loss trades and improves my Moneymanagement.

I hope I could give an answer to the question and I am glad that so many are taking part in this challenge.

best regards

--- 帖子 #744 ---
hello,

how to interpret the indicator S-KG BUYERS vs SELLERS 1M

Thank

--- 帖子 #745 ---
Hello mchl13,

A very creative programmer Saronko has teamed up with Kang_Gun and FerruFx Price Changes to develop a fast-reacting indicator of price changes.

You get all the information on the following page

https://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=561522

The interpretation is different, make your own picture. The indicator is interesting if you split it.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

best regards

--- 帖子 #746 ---
Recognize trend reversals

Hello mchl13,

I've quickly put together an example, so you can get a first idea how to use this indicator.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here are two M1 charts split by demand market and supply market. The candles are created with the Bionic Chart, also included is the Bionic trend strength indicator.

In the picture below you will find the converted Density Indicator.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The density indicator was split into three areas. At the bottom you will find candle thickness between 0-30%, in the middle 30-70% and above 70-100%. In between there is a trend indicator once for the supply market and once for the demand market. In addition, I have again added the Bionic trend strength indicator at the bottom. Each time a red bar appears, this could be the beginning of a possible trend reversal. I recommend the chart once in the M1 to analyze. This gives you a relatively good overview. Of course, this is only in the short term.

In the download you will find a profile and the indicators. You simply add the indicators to your Metatrader and the profile to the subfolder Profile of MetaTrader. Restart your Metatrader and open the profile Bionic Trend Scalp.

This allows you to quickly identify trend reversals in a relatively simple way.

However, you should not build a trade on it, it is as I said only an interesting help.

I hope that helps you and I am looking forward to your feedback.

I wish you a nice evening and best regards

Attached File(s)   Bionic.zip

118 KB
|
787 downloads

--- 帖子 #747 ---
very nice forum thread you can share template file sir?

--- 帖子 #748 ---
Hello thisara1,

First of all, welcome to our blog and thank you for your constructive words. Since these are 2 charts, I have a profile deposited. (Bionic Trend Scalp). Please place this profile in the Profiles folder in your Metatrader. You must place the indicators in the Indicators folder. Close your MT4 and reopen it. Then go to File / Profile and press Bionic Trend Scalp. Then you immediately have both files in your MT4. Then you can then create a template from both charts. I hope that I could help you and wish you a lot of fun with us.

best regards

--- 帖子 #749 ---
Interesting extension of the Bionic dashboard

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Hello dear subscribers,

On October 19th I introduced the new Bionic Dashboard. Here you have a very interesting extension. The Bionic Chart has been added with all 9 time units. For the installation, read through Post 739 again, and download the indicators. Please add the indicator Density Histogram Red Green there. Please note that the download is just a profile. For this you need the indicators from Post 739. Then you can quickly change the two variants in the profile.

https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...7#post11605017

I wish you much success and a successful trading day

best regards

Attached File(s)   Profile Bionic  Dashboard II.zip

49 KB
|
812 downloads
Attached File(s)   Density_Histogram_Red_Green.ex4

9 KB
|
629 downloads

--- 帖子 #750 ---
looking good my template?

--- 帖子 #751 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Hello thisara1,

when you install and run the profile your chart will look like this.

Please note that this chart is only for testing purposes and does not trigger trading decisions.

best regards

--- 帖子 #752 ---
thank you help,whare are paste chart01.chart02.i dont's understand it

--- 帖子 #753 ---
Hello thisara1,

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

you need to drag the Bionic Trend Scalp folder into the Profiles folder of your Metatrader. Then call up the folder in the Metatrader and everything works. This is a bit unintelligible at first, but over time it will work. Try it in peace, otherwise look at Youtube there you will find all the explanations about the Metatrader.

best regards

--- 帖子 #754 ---
thank your help bionicscheckingnow my chart

--- 帖子 #755 ---
Hello thisara1

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

You almost made it, the whole folder has to go in there, then it works.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Then open MT4 and call up the profile.

best regards

--- 帖子 #756 ---
[quote = pakeha; 11627097] Bionics Eu realmente gosto do conceito S / R "orientado a eventos" que você apresentou aqui. O uso de WRBs dentro de uma tendência significativa do mercado. Quando vejo como você desenhou as zonas S / R, noto que existem métodos diferentes em uso. Em anexo está uma imagem do movimento ascendente de junho / julho de 2017 com os pontos A e C replicados. Eu entendo que para o Ponto A a borda inferior da zona S / R é o nível de resistência anterior em torno de 1.1296. Parece que a borda superior da zona S / R é a baixa da vela (em torno de 1.1312) no primeiro retrocesso após a resistência de 1.1296. Para o ponto C, aparece um método diferente para determinar a zona S / R. Parece ser a zona entre o alto / baixo da pequena vela de retrocesso anterior ao WRB. Isso está correto? Se minha suposição estiver correta de que há vários métodos sendo usados para desenhar a zona S / R, seria possível explicar todos esses métodos (ou pelo menos os principais) para nós? Felicidades. {image} [/ quote]
Hi pakeha....
COULD SHARE THE INDICATORS?

--- 帖子 #757 ---
thank you bionics now working

--- 帖子 #758 ---
smZigZag-Bionics_v3.3 indicator re piant?

--- 帖子 #759 ---
1st setup live thank Bionics

--- 帖子 #760 ---
Hello thisara1,

I am very happy that everything worked out and that the attitude works. Your result shows that you can derive valuable information from it.

Greetings and nice evening

--- 帖子 #761 ---
Hi Bionics

I don't know what to say, but your thread is very overwhelming, a lot of advance knowledge, i don't know if i can get it or not. But i'll try to study your teaching here.

Thank you

--- 帖子 #762 ---
Hello phoenix777,

Thank you very much for your kind words. It's just a matter of time and perseverance. Unfortunately, there are some dealers they give up too early if it does not work immediately and look for a simpler system. But the trade is a big challenge and you can only do it if you stay tuned. If you do not give up and build up a lot of practical knowledge, the market will eventually prove you right. I keep my fingers crossed.

best regards

--- 帖子 #763 ---
Thank You for your supporting comment.

Yeah i will study all of material here.

And hope it will give huge impact to my trading skill.

--- 帖子 #764 ---
Hi Bionics, if you have free time, can you watch the video below, and tell me your opinion? It's interesting topic about 10.000 hours screen time.

Thanks a lot..
Inserted Video

--- 帖子 #765 ---
Hapanoy,  only indicator is momentum candles.  See the paper clip at top of this thread for it. Set the high/low to a wide range number, say 150 or 200 pips and see what it shows.  Experiment.  Base it on multiples of ADR for example so you customize it for each pair

--- 帖子 #766 ---
Hello phoenix777,

very interesting, I believe that you can learn a lot in 20 hours if you want it. Since I can play the guitar, I know that there is a small difference to the trader. If something goes wrong when playing the guitar, a wrong sound comes out, that's all. If something goes wrong while trading, your house your car and the guitar are gone.

You do not need 10,000 hours to learn trading, but it takes you 10,000 hours to become a master. From apprentice to journeyman the way is easy, but from journeyman to master is a challenge. Learning is mostly about sustainability and that unfortunately takes time. Whether that must always be exactly 10,000 hours, I doubt it, but it's all about an average bill.

It actually took me so long, but maybe I'm a late bloomer. I think the trader's profession is very demanding, as can be seen by the fact that more than 90% lose their money. Being a trader is something special and we can be proud to be there.

best regards

--- 帖子 #767 ---
Trust yourself the most

Hello dear subscribers,

If you are still relatively new to the Forex market or have not yet found your right system, I would like to give you some tips today. I would like to concentrate on the traders who are already full-time in the trade or want to become full-time traders in the long term.

The fact that they are at FF clearly shows that they still want to learn or have to learn. Incidentally, that's the case with me as well. I'm not at FF to prove I'm a great guy, but to explain to myself why I've done a lot right in the past. That's why I designed this blog. In the past I dropped my trades intuitively, with a very good hit rate. My brother asked me one day why I was going down or up at a certain point. Although I could give an explanation, but this statement has not satisfied myself. So I started to describe my own trading style. Forex Factory is an excellent platform for this because there are like-minded people from all over the world to talk to.

Explaining how something works is a great way to get on with it. This is also a reason why I prefer a traceable loss rather than an unexplainable profit. Of course you should not lose permanently. The background is quite simple if I can not explain why I made a profit at the moment, I'm not able to repeat that. And if I can not repeat certain things, my future results are purely coincidental. And that is no basis for successful trading. Of course, trading is random and arbitrary, yet there are certain situations where a trader has a certain idea that actually works. What one can explain to oneself remains easier in the long-term memory.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I would like to describe it as follows: Imagine you are not musical and look at a sheet of music. The notes will seem like hieroglyphics to them and they will not recognize a song from it. However, as you train and practice, they will one day hear the song in their head. It's the same with the course. In the beginning, it's just an arbitrary ups and downs over time, you realize what's happening in the market right now. By that I do not mean patterns like a double top or a doji because these patterns have no relevance to me. The point is to interpret the individual notes or candles and draw their conclusions from them. Since a single candle has no significance for me, it's about the overall picture.

If you look at any chart you will see that there are many resistance lines and support zones within the chart. Each of these zones has a certain strength. We now have two challenges to master. First, to identify these invisible zones and, second, to see how strong each zone is. This can then make easy trading decisions.

If you are a professional and realize that a certain resistance zone is very strong, you can use this information to make a longer trade with a very interesting risk-to-reward ratio. This means they would only be able to enter the trades that are interesting. This procedure is incredibly difficult and requires many years of training. Unfortunately, because each candle formation is different, there are no indicators that show us exact resistance zones.

That's exactly why I achieved my breakthrough with supply and demand. It's easy to say, buy when the price is down and sell when the price is up. However, most have determined that this is not a real down and no real top there.

The process is always the same in principle. When demand outweighs supply, prices rise. When supply outweighs demand, prices fall. When supply and demand are balanced, equilibrium is created. However, one can draw interesting conclusions from exactly these movements. And that is exactly the goal. To recognize this, you need time and a lot of time. This can be trained by opening the chart and paying attention only to the course of the candles. We have already noticed that indicators are trailing behind the candles. That means an indicator reacts slower than the candle itself. That's why the candle is the fastest indicator on the chart. That's why you should pay the most attention to the candles. Of course, I also work with so-called auxiliary indicators that help me translate the movements of the candles. However, I would never enter a trade based on the indicators. The auxiliary indicators that I work with are in principle a project that is constantly being changed and optimized. To get back to the sheet music, these indicators help me to translate certain notes that I do not immediately recognize.

My biggest goal as a trader was to be independent. What good is an EA or a Copytrader if I do not understand how market works. I do not mean to say that my view is the right one, but I have long since achieved my goal of independence and that is a crucial point for me. If I rely on an EA or Copytrader, what happens if these two factors fail? Then I would have to look for something new, but if that works so well is the question. Since I prefer to rely on what I have learned. Nobody can take what you once learned.

Many who start in this industry dream of big and fast wealth. Of course, there are dealers who have managed to get rich quickly but there is also almost every week in the lottery a millionaire. If you want to get rich fast in the forex market, you have to work with very high risks. You can be lucky twenty times in a row, but the twenty-first time makes you lose everything again. So it's nonsense to dream of driving Ferrari tomorrow but much more important to live from the stock market. Whoever manages to do this over many years is a professional and successful dealer. Of course, the capital build-up in wavy lines, is important that the lines run upwards. And that is much more difficult today than it was many years ago.

Another challenge as a beginner is the stock market news. I used to see it on my screen earlier and try to act accordingly. But one day I had the insight. Not the news affects the stock market but the stock market influences the news. Take a look at what arguments are used on television in the evening to explain why a given currency has fallen or fallen. This statement is a pure speculation, because you would have to ask several million traders why they have traded up or down. And believe me, each of these dealers will have a different opinion. No matter what news appears in the media, it is always crucial how the individual trader reacts to it. Bad news should actually always lead to falling prices on a stock, and that's just not the case. That's why I do not care about news.

Let's get to the last point that will trap traders in a trap. It's about the opinion of the supposedly professional traders. The following situation: You prepare for the day, they expect strong rising prices. After the London Stock Exchange opens, the course makes strange leaps that they can not understand. You go into a chat that deals exactly with this currency pair. Many traders discuss the future course of the currency pair. You see great pictures and hear comprehensible arguments. The price of their currency pair is just going up, as you read of a supposed bull trap. Many merchants in the chat say the same. Actually, they just wanted to go up but the arguments of the other dealers unsettle them. It all sounded logical what the long-standing successful dealers have written. You will not enter the bargain and 1 hour later you realize that it was a mistake. Why do not you trust yourself?

Let's look at the following situation.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

They see a chart of the EURUSD in the M 30 from November 5, 2014 to November 18, 2014. There are two traders who make two different statements at the point shown. The first trad claims that the price continues to fall the other one claims that the price continues to rise. The result: Both traders are right and both traders earn $ 500 on their trades. How can this work?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Now let's look at the result. Trader A has entered into a long-term trade over 129 hours. During this time he has reached 150 pip and earned $ 500 with 0.3 contracts. Trader B has entered short-term trading of 12 hours and has earned 50 pip and $ 500 with one contact. Both traders were right but entered the market at different times. Since each trader takes a different approach and works with other systems, their opinion should not be relevant to them. Not because the retailers have no idea but because you do not know the exact backgrounds. Especially interesting for me are the recommendations like:

Short 1.23456, SL 50 Pip, TP open

How does he know that exactly, has a glass ball where you can look in or a lucky fairy whispering him when the course goes down. You realize, it's best to just rely on yourself. By this I mean also, that you should not believe me, the most trustworthy person is yourself. You should start trusting yourself if you do not have enough experiences for that , you must start to gain experience. If you now open an M1, it will take an awfully long time to reach a resistance line that you have drawn. Here's a little trick. When you start trading in the morning, create a 5 second chart in parallel and build the Bionic Chart there. Refrain from additional indicators. Now let the chart run for about 30 minutes and start drawing resistance lines as in my next video.

Inserted Video

Since making a candle takes only 5 seconds, you can learn 20 times faster with this type than in the 1 minute chart. You will also quickly realize that you are often wrong. Just when one believes that it goes further up or down happens exactly the opposite. After gaining some experience in this area, you can now run the 5 second chart in your demo account. Now begin to trade. Decide on a contract number and please do not change it. At the end of the day, export your account history from MT 4 to Excel. Now sort all winners and losers. Then they know the average loss or gain of a trade. The goal is to limit the losses and increase the profits. Of course, there are many more important calculations that you have to do but I want to keep it relatively simple.

It is crucial that they can recognize daily successes and improvements with this approach. Try to keep it as simple as possible in the beginning, it could still be complicated later. I hope to have given you some help and I wish you a successful trading day.

best regards

--- 帖子 #768 ---
Hello dear traders,

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

As already suspected and written, the price of EURUSD has once again run into the lower blue zone. However, I had guessed that he was running a bit below the 1.13006 level, but he has already shot a pip over it. The green bottom zone is a very strong demand market, so it is not to me expected that the course comes under this green zone. At point B, the price has penetrated this strong demand zone for the first time and has been turned down sharply. However, he did not make it through the strong zone E. There, the course was rejected and has now run for the second time in this strong demand zone at point C. However, one can see how strong this demand zone is.

Now the question arises how strong the price goes up. The first hurdle is the zone D. Then it is crucial if he manages to break through the zone E. Then there is a resistance in the zone F to then continue the further upward trend. This strong uptrend today is a pullback for me, as it has gone very high. The key is that we now see a sustained upward trend to continue towards 1.28.

With the Bionic Trend Strength Indicator you can quickly identify potential pullbacks. For me, today's reaction was not unusual now as I expected this resistance zone anyway. The decisive factor, however, is that we now get a sustained upward trend, otherwise further downward movements would be possible. Then the price could come below 1.13 and then continue the uptrend. Whether this happens in the same way, we will see on the basis of the next courses.

I wish you a successful trading day

best regards

--- 帖子 #769 ---
Yeah i believe it takes very long time to be a profitable trader, actually that's not the problem for me, from the beginning i know it will takes huge effort and time to be success in forex. But the main problem that i am facing is finding the right way, the true mentor, true understanding. It takes not only time but also luck.

Just like this, i can know you and learn from you is what i call luck and of course it takes time till i can know this thread.

i have experience with fake guru, and i waste almost 2 years learning from this guru. I always believe with what he said that it only takes time until i succeed with his method. But finally i realized that it wasn't true and i decided to leave it.

Not only that, i have learn from many system in this forum, but most of them is not suitable for me or maybe the system itself is not profitable...

It's hard to find a true mentor, who really want to help you and nothing hid behind.

I think you understand that condition.

I have been studying your teaching and now i am on page 10. So far, i am very interested, that's why i continue reading. If i can read till your last page then it must be valuable lesson and hope it will really help me in my journey to success.

Thank you for your generosity and help. And i hope you continue posting valuable lesson here.

--- 帖子 #770 ---
[quote=phoenix777;11648882]{quote} Yeah i believe it takes very long time to be a profitable trader,

Hello phoenix777,

Thank you for the nice compliment, but I do not do this unselfish. In this blog, I try to explain myself why I'm so often right when I enter a trade. Making intuition understandable is a real challenge. In that sense, this is also a help for me. But every day I get a little closer to the secret and that is another step towards success for all who follow me. When I learned to play the guitar everyone wondered why I never needed a tuning fork to tune my instrument. I could tune the guitar correctly without help. While trading, I have also relied on my feeling and curiously enough I have been lying above average.

Traden has a lot in common with handball or football. If you want to pre-emulate an opponent you have to deceive him. The opponent must believe that you want to pass the right but you play past him on the left and get away with it. Take a look at the EURUSD today. Many traders thought it was going down and it went up 120 pip. The more traders a big player takes up or down, the worse it gets through. Because the smaller dealers get out sometime and that slows down the price. That's why you have to think like the big players.

I often see the rising price approaching a resistance zone. The big player suggests to the traders that we are in a strong uptrend and heading straight up. The big player is now waiting for the dealers to make as many purchase orders as possible. In the process, so many sales orders are submitted by the big player that the price does not rise so much. Then the price jumps up and triggers a big sell limit order of the big player. The price goes down massively and stops most traders. Now many traders go down, but the price is pushed up and many traders stopped again. Then it really starts. The course is going down massively. The fewest dealers have yet dared to enter. The big player is satisfied and has reached its price target. The crazy thing about trading is that what you see is not the reality, so 90% of traders lose their money. If you swapped the sales button and buy button in MT4, that would change abruptly. If you hit the sell button because you think the price is falling, the MT4 would actually make a buy order. But even that would not work, because we know at some point that when we press the buy button actually a sell order is given up.

We work in a phoney world, what we believe and see is not a reality. And that's the big challenge. The auxiliary indicators that I am currently developing serve only the purpose of finding the invisible resistance lines and measuring their strength. But this will be a multi-year project. As a small trader, we can not influence the market, so we have to get carried away by the big players. For that we have to know what they are doing and we must not attract attention. When you go up or down with the big player, it is the least noticeable. You have to keep an eye on the courses and know exactly what's going on. Sometimes I am wrong, but in most cases I am right. If I succeed in realizing some of my ideas, that could be quite interesting. But until then, a lot of time will pass and if I succeed, you have to look very critically.

In principle, you do not need a coach or mentor, every trader has similar skills and strengths. Everyone cooks with water here, the difference is only in the amount of water. The forex market is a big casino, it always wins the bank and that's mostly the brokers and the big players. So you have to try to think like brokers and big players. And that is a real challenge.

Have a nice evening.

best regards

--- 帖子 #771 ---
Bionics

Thanks for the update.  Happy to say I took the trade just prior to yesterday's NY Close.

For me there were three things that I liked (confluence):

1. price was in a good demand zone from which there was a 500+ pip reversal in August, so I was watching for anything that would justify a buy trade

2. price was at a BRN of 1.13, which by itself was not enough to trigger a trade, but again I was watching for any news or price action that would justify a buy trade.

3. the positive BREXIT news stories were starting to hit Forexlive, but given it was end of day there was very little market reaction to it, so my thinking was to enter a trade and see where the market goes after it opens, especially after the Japan open, using a fairly tight stop loss below the demand zone.

Hope that helps.

--- 帖子 #772 ---
[quote=pakeha;11649339]Bionics Thanks for the update. Happy to say I took the trade just prior to yesterday's NY Close

Hello pakeha,

Thank you very much for the information and I am very pleased that the auxiliary indicators support you positively. Tomorrow I will try to interpret the figures of the trend strength indicator exactly, so that it could be easier again. Have a nice evening.

best regards

--- 帖子 #773 ---
Currently i'm on page 23. Something interesting is i know one trader which i think successful whose trading method using the same concept with you.

He doesn't use any indicator, and his chart is clean, what he does is finding the Support and Resistance then draw a rectangle shape (what he calls Structure) and from there he kind of predict where the price will move based on the chart pattern and price action

All i know is he quite successful with that method, what i want to say is maybe your method is more accurate in finding the Support and Resistance line. Because he only depends on chart pattern and price action, on the other side we know chart pattern is not quite accurate because of data feeds and time of every broker is different.

He uses higher time frame, which i think makes chart pattern and price action more reliable and safer than using lower time frame.

But, still if we can find the accurate Supply, Demand and Balance then it will give us higher win rate and High Risk Reward Ratio as you showed here. And it will be my goal by learning here in your blog. I believe every information that i need is available here. As you said, it only takes time and perseverance.

So no excuse, i'll take the chance.

--- 帖子 #774 ---
[quote=phoenix777;11651111]Currently i'm on page 23. Something interesting is i know one trader which i think successful whose trading method using the same concept with you.

Hello phoenix777,

Supply and demand are among the most successful trading strategies, but the learning effort is also incredibly high. I am glad that my method is more accurate. Of course, I also work in higher time frames and work strategically down to determine the zones. I trade my trade only in the M5, since my stops are usually at 4 pip. By identifying resistance in the higher timeframes, I can estimate the trend length approximately and thus filter out trades that have at least a risk-reward ratio of 1: 5. When I place the buy order, the price must be in a strong demand zone. If I discover an additional demand zone on the way up that may be stronger than the overlying supply zone, I put my stop on the road and just let the course run. With that I manage to raise the risk-reward ratio often over 1:10. However, it has often happened that the course has run to the stop. That did not matter because I could not lose anymore. I usually put the TP slightly below the resistance.

If, after many years, you master the demand and supply strategy, you will also be able to make over 10 lots for a trade. But until then you train in the demo account or with micro / mini lots in the real money account. There are no indicators on my main screen, except for my drawn zones. I only work with auxiliary indicators, which translate certain information of the price course. Indicators are always slower than the candles, so I would never enter into a trade decision based on indicators. As a beginner, of course, I did that with a catastrophic record.

Take your time, nobody demands that tomorrow you are the absolute professional. You just can not put yourself under pressure. Sustainability is a decisive factor here. You do not get to the finish so fast, but did not go bust three times on the way there. In this blog you will find different and interesting information. It's like a buffet, take what you like and leave the other one behind. The key is that they are satisfied and will help you. Most importantly, once you have mastered this approach, you are completely independently by news, advice from others, standard indicators, and potential coaches which often cost more than they bring.

Best regards

--- 帖子 #775 ---
Update Bionic Dashboard 5 sec Chart

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Hello dear traders,

Today you get the over worked Bionic Dashboard 5 sec Chart. Installing this dashboard is a bit more complicated as it basically consists of two different MT4 units that are simply placed side by side. In addition to the Bionic Chart and the Bionic Trend Strength Indicator, the revised Denstity Histogram, the Zwinner Trend Indicator and the Bionic Oscilator have now been added. To get a first impression, here is a short video. You can see how a strong downward trend comes in a demand market and a short turnaround arises.

Inserted Video

The advantage of this chart view is that the supply market and demand market have been separated. This allows trend reversals to be identified more clearly and more quickly. The prerequisite for this chart to work is the Flexichart Indicator. This allows you to create seconds charts. This indicator generates an individual seconds chart from the ticks of your broker. The better the tick data the more accurate is your chart. First, you need two new MT 4 units. You can usually download them from your broker. Now install the Flexichart indicator in your two new MT4 units.

As you can see in the post 714.

https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...3#post11555813

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Next, in both MT4 units, load the 5 downloaded indicators into the folder: Indicators. Then load the two folders "5 Seconds Bear" and "5 Seconds Bull" into the MT4 folder: Profiles. Close the MT4 and reopen it.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

After the MT4 is opened go to file and under profiles you can see the two files. Open "5 seconds Bull". The chart image should now open. Click on the button "EURUSD, M8 (offline)", then the right chart appears. You may not delete the second chart "EURUSD, M1", otherwise you will no longer receive tick data. This window has to run in the background. Of course, then only starts the candle, it takes a while (about 20 minutes) until everything is displayed correctly. Then open the second MT4 unit and upload the "5 second Bear". Now they just have to align both charts on your screen and you're ready to go. Please note that this is a selection of different dashboards. You have to personally find out for yourself if you can and want to work with it. This type of chart is especially interesting when the volatility is particularly low or particularly high.

Make your own experience and I am looking forward to your feedback.

best regards

Attached File(s)   Bionic 5 Sec Chart.zip

77 KB
|
738 downloads

--- 帖子 #776 ---
Hello dear traders,

Enclosed a video from Post 751

Interesting extension of the new Bionic dashboard

https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...4#post11642664

Inserted Video

I wish you a nice evening

best regards

--- 帖子 #777 ---
Hi Bionics,

I have been a lurker and am very interested in what you are proposing. Supply and demand identification is the key to understanding reversals and understanding when the SMART MONEY guys are accumulating and distributing. I am using a VSA system that works well, but it would be nice to have another confirmation on the reversals. You had my attention very early on with your zigzag indicators with average pips by bar. They alone have lots of information.

I'm going back and re-reading the thread to make sure I understand the nuances of what you are proposing.

Thanks so much for your hard work and endeavors.

King

--- 帖子 #778 ---
[quote=KingHigh;11654135]Hi Bionics, I have been a lurker and am very interested in what you are proposing.

Hello KingHigh,

I am very happy that you like the procedure and welcome you to our blog. Precisely because you have been working in this field for a long time like me. And someone who has been active in this market for over 10 years, must inevitably do a lot right. There are some approaches to identify trend reversals. I have already introduced some of them in this blog. (Equilibrium and supply and demand zones) Intuitively, I often know which of these identifications is the right one, that I recognize from the past price history. I try to explain this intuition understandable for everyone, but this is still a big challenge. The background is simple, there are no regularly recurring patterns or forms that you can interpret and implement. A demand market will run up in wavy lines until a resistance zone is so strong that the price is rejected. Identifying the resistance zones is not the challenge but the strength of this resistance zone. From this one can estimate the approximate length of the pullbacks or downtrends. This is an interesting aspect especially with regard to the risk-to-profit ratio. It will be particularly exciting if you want to take in a strong upward or downward trend, additionally the pullbacks. These pullbacks are clean and fast and there is little competition. In the next few days I will have completed and uploaded my project 3 (Dashboard). The next project on supply and demand is already on the way and will give us answers to these questions.

best regards

--- 帖子 #779 ---
Bionic Dashboard currency strength

Hello dear traders,

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Today I would like to introduce you to another interesting dashboard in our project 3. This is primarily about the respective currency strength of the euro and the dollar. It is important to note that the currency strength indicators are influenced by the price, not the other way around. In addition, indicators are always lagging behind the current price. That's why I never recommend trading based on indicators. Nevertheless, you will receive interesting information from this type of compilation. Before we start, first take a look at how this dashboard looks in practice. The dashboard was recorded for 5 minutes on Friday at 14:31 CET. There was a high volatility. The course has risen first and then run down.

Inserted Video

Let's take a closer look at the indicators

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

CCFp Indicator
Developer: SemSemFX
Interesting currency strength gauge

The indicator at point A indicates the strength in the euro with the green line and the strength of the dollar with the red line. It responds somewhat slower than the underlying currency strength indicator. The dashed white line is the zero line. If a currency lays over it is considered strong if it is lower than weak. However, this line also includes other currencies that were made invisible. Of course, you can compare all main currencies with each other.

+ RS_Group EUR & USD indicator
Developer: unknown
Very interesting strength indicator that can reacts faster than the price chart. Here, the EUR was currently compared with the dollar.

The currency strength indicator (point B) is a kind of currency basket where two different indicators, in this case the euro and the dollar indicate the current strength. This indicator responds very quickly to currency fluctuations and is therefore a nice confirmation to the upper indicator. In doing so, I made a very interesting observation that sometimes this indicator reacts faster than the price. The following situation: The red line of the dollar and the green line of the euro are both slowly going down. So we are in an equilibrium. Suddenly the green line shoots up. Which means that the euro will be much stronger against the dollar. A few seconds later, a bullish candle is created. I once tried to act for fun. This has worked a few times, but I strongly warn against doing it. This type of ad now takes some getting used to. If the green line is up and the red line down, it means we have a strength in the Euro and a weakness in the Dollar. That speaks for rising prices. If the red line is up and the green line is down, it means that we have a strength in dollars and a weakness in the euro. That speaks for falling courses. Since many of them also deal with other currency pairs, I have posted them at the end of the RS Group currency basket. There you will find the major currency strengths.

CFP indicator
Developer: SemSemFX
An indicator that gives almost the result of the euro and dollar strength.

The CFP indicator (point C) is, in principle, the result of the strength of the euro and the dollar. So it's a translation of the chart. If you compare this line with the price history they will realize that there are some differences. Since one can do without the indicator, I have installed it only once in the M1. However, it is certainly helpful for a start.

smZigZag-Bionic Oscilator
Developer: Bionic/SwingMan
Interesting trendindicator

At point D you will find the Bionic Oscillator. As soon as a green dot emerges, the price could go up, as soon as a red dot appears, the price could run lower. Under no circumstances should you enter a trade in the creation of these red or green points. These points are generated from the zigzag indicator. This means that always the penultimate green or red dot is no longer changeable. Thus, the newly emerging point can actually only occur at a later date.

smZigZag-Bionic Chart
Developer: Bionic / SwingMan
Interesting new candle

At point E, the Bionic Chart is a single current candle. This is actually only a small help to the overview.

At point F you will find a candle count-down, which shows you how long it will take until a new candle appears.

This dashboard consciously integrates all time units so they can choose their own time unit to focus on. As already described in Post 777, load the indicators into your MT4 and put the folder "8 Stärke CCFP Neu" in your folder: Profiles. After closing and reopening your MT4, you can now access this profile: "8 Stärke CCFP Neu ". Of course you can exchange the required currency strengths in this dashboard. The dashboard can be a good help now and then. Just install it and judge for yourself how the currency strength behaves during the day. As I said indicators are only an aid to get confirmed, what you already suspected.

The project Dashboard will be completed next week. There are still missing the main chart images to determine the resistance. Additionally, I will post an analysis on the Bionic Trend Strength Indicator to explain the numbers above the turning points. The next project is already up and running and should bring us significantly ahead in terms of supply and demand.

I hope that you have further support here and I look forward to your feedback.

best regards

Attached File(s)   Bionic Dashboard strength.zip

128 KB
|
898 downloads
Attached File(s)   RS_GROUP_USD V1.2.zip

34 KB
|
685 downloads

--- 帖子 #780 ---
ESMA will not let up

Hello dear trader,

ESMA has extended the restrictions on CFD and Forex trading for another 3 months. The restrictions that have been in force since August relate primarily to the amount of leverage that can be speculated on in CFD and Forex trading. On 26th September the European regulator ESMA decided that the restrictions on CFD and forex trading for retail customers, which had been in force since 1 August 2018, would be extended for another 3 months until 31.01.2019. The protection of retail investors in CFD trading can only be guaranteed if the restrictions set by ESMA continue to apply. It has therefore decided that the restrictions will continue to apply from 1 November. A few weeks ago, ESMA also extended the ban on Binary Options for another 3 months.

Until further notice, the following restrictions apply to CFD trading:

30: 1 leverage for major currency pair = 3.33% margin

20: 1 leverage for the major indexes = 5% margin

10: 1 leverage for commodities (gold not included) = 10% margin

5: 1 equity leverage = 20% margin

Margin Close Out: a defined threshold at the account level, upon reaching which the providers are required to close the open CFD positions (at 50% of the required margin). As a result, an investor can lose a maximum of 50% of the invested capital with one transaction.

Prohibition of additional liability (had already applied in Germany before the intervention by ESMA)

Restricting the incentives to trade in CFDs (bonus on deposits, etc.)

A standardized risk warning that must include an indication of the percentage of retail investors in the specific CFD provider that are making losses

The CFD industry has massive problems

Due to ESMA's restrictions, there have been massive relocations abroad where high leverage can still be traded. These new ESMA rules are already beginning to impact the earnings of CFD brokers. Last month, big brokers announced sales declines of up to 21%. There were already increased profit warnings for shareholders.

The professional trader is a VIP in CFD trading

However, there are still customer groups that are allowed to trade unchanged without any leverage restrictions. These are customers who are classified as "Professional Customers". This is why most brokers have created two account models, divided into private investors and professional investors. The Client must demonstrate that, on the basis of his experience, knowledge and expertise, he is in a position to make an investment decision and to adequately assess the risks involved.

He also has to fulfill two of the following three criteria:

1.In the past four quarters, it has been proven that leveraged financial derivatives have traded in significant sizes.
2. You must own a portfolio of financial instruments in excess of € 500,000.

3.Man must have been proven to have worked for at least one year in a relevant position in the financial industry requiring knowledge of trading in derivative securities.

Many brokers now want to specialize in professional traders. If you look at the distribution of sales, this becomes clear. Professional customers bring the most sales. According to some brokers, the share of professional traders is 40%. If you look at the balance sheets of the largest brokers, you find that a good broker earns between 3,000 and 3,600 euros per annum and customer on average.

That means:

5% are approx. Professional traders = 40% turnover

95% of the remaining traders make up 60% of their turnover and more than 85% lose their money

Let's assume that the broker would only offer CFD (which of course is not the case, but is only to be taken as an example). When you trade a lot, the broker receives about $ 10 in fees. If the broker now makes 3,600 € revenue per customer, that's 360 Lot per customer per year. Suppose the broker has only 1,000 customers, then the breakdown looks like this.

1 lot costs 10 € / 360 contracts per customer

1000 customers = 360,000 Lot per year

Division:

50 professional traders trade 144,000 lots per year

950 normal traders trade 216,000 lots per year

Result:

50 professional traders trade 2,880 lot / year equivalent to 12 lot / day

950 normal traders trade 227 lot / year equals 1 lot / day

While a professional trader makes € 1.2 million in sales per day, the average trader comes to just € 100,000. In this case, the broker only needs to gain 125 professional traders to generate the same revenue as currently with 1,000 traders. This drastically reduces the costs, since he does not need so many employees anymore. On average, the brokers come to 1 employee per 100 customers. In our case, the broker could reduce 80% of the employees. And employees in a company are always the highest cost factor. If the broker drastically reduces the fees for professional traders, he will quickly gain new professional traders. At the same time he is relocating his employees. The return will please the shareholders.

This scenario is not a nice thought for non-professional traders. We will see where these restrictions lead in Europe. It will not be that bad, because in America this scenario has been in place for many years and it works.

Schoppenhauer once said aptly: Mostly only the loss teaches about the value of things.

I wish you a great weekend.

best regards

--- 帖子 #781 ---
Very good.

.

--- 帖子 #782 ---
Hello palpite,

Thank you for the friendly compliment, I hope that today's trading day was very successful. Tomorrow I will post some interesting dashboards for Project 3 and conclude Project 3. More projects are coming up and need my attention. I think that's really exciting because it makes it easier to identify future resistance zones. We come a little further each day and that is a decisive step. Thanks for your support.

Beautiful evening.

best regards

--- 帖子 #783 ---
Bionic Home Screen Project 3

Hello dear traders,

In the last few weeks, project 3 involved various dashboards, which can provide important information about the course runs. These dashboards consist of support indicators that, as you know, are generally slower than the price and thus trailing. Nevertheless, you get important information.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

My main workplace consists essentially of 7 screens. 2 x 23 "screens, which provide me with information in the very short term. 4 x 32 "screens that provide me with customized information as needed. All dashboards are stored in each Metatrader and can be adjusted individually and in seconds and completely changed. All information here refers to the EURUSD, but can be quickly changed into other currency pairs. Due to the information on these smaller screens, I basically make no trading decision. For this I use exclusively my 55 "monitor where I identify my zones in the range of supply and demand. When I have identified a zone and the course is progressing to that zone, sometimes the dashboards help me find the right time to make a trade decision. The last few weeks have been about the dashboards you see on the smaller screens. Today I want to introduce you to my main screen and what kind of dashboards I use for this. So that you can get a small impression, I have prepared a video for you. In addition to 3 main dashboards you will find 2 additional showboards on which we have already spoken at length.

Inserted Video

Now let's look at 5 different dashboards in detail.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Basically, I have inserted 9 different time units for all dashboards. This is important because different time units also require different adjustments of the individual auxiliary indicators. To save time here, all time units have been individually adjusted. If I have opened 9 units of time, a chart on my big monitor is still 18 "tall. That's enough, but I like working on a chart to identify my zones. The charts are optimized for a 1920 x 1080 screen, but run with customization on each screen. Basically, the chart opens with 9 time zones, for a better overview, I limit myself to the following charts on the H1.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here you can see the already known Bionic Chart, in addition to a time unit display you will find the Bionic trend strength indicator and the daily open with a pip range. With this type of display without wick, the trend strength within a candle can be displayed more clearly.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here is a modified version of the Bionic Chart. A pullback is not visible in the candle, but the main strength. I like to work with this type of ad, as it helps me to identify specific zones more quickly.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

For those who do not like to work with candles, this dashboard has been developed. As with the Bionic Chart, it shows the pullbacks within the price history, as well as the Open and the Close. For me much clearer than the standard view.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here you can see the chart how it should be constructed correctly by the logic. With a closed candle, the upper wick would always be red and the lower wick always green. This makes it easier to identify pullbacks. Due to the wicks, it is relatively difficult to tell a difference to the normal candles. That's why I prefer to work without wicks.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Of course I have a standard chart incorporated for those who prefer to work with it.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In the upper chart you can see how some resistance lines have been incorporated. After a certain time you might want to delete these lines again. However, the profile stores all the changes you make to the chart. If you call a new profile again, nothing changes. Of course you could save 9 templates, but the effort is too big for me, because there would be a total of 45 templates for 5 dashboards. To clean up the picture, I enclosed a simple "clean your screen" indicator that just needs to be drawn on the screen. This deletes all drawings on the chart. Do not be alarmed, as all ads disappear from other indicators. Once the drawings have been deleted, the "Clean your screen" indicator must be removed and all of its indicators will return to normal.

To be able to access the charts, please copy the indicators into the Indicators folder and the 5 profiles into the Profiles folder of your Metatrader. After a restart you can open all profiles. Now choose the type of chart that works best for you. Exactly with this empty chart I start my setup in the morning to prepare myself for the day. The resistance lines are of course matched with all time units. I usually start with the D1, as the resistance levels for the month and the week are fixed for me. From the daily chart you work now in smaller and smaller time units. At the M15 you can stop because the M5 and M1 are too inaccurate. These time units can be used if the volatility is very low. My favorite time unit is the H1, where I usually find the most effective resistance levels, but that's often a question of price history.

Once I've plotted my resistance lines, I check them down with the individual charts. After that I change to the M5 with which I act. Of course, I also draw auxiliary resistance lines there, but you should use it sparingly. Now look out for the trades that are interesting from the risk-reward ratio. And off you go.

This week I will be posting a blog on the Bionic Trend Strength Indicator, as these values above or below the candle give important information.

I hope I could give you some support and please do not despair. It took me 10 years to understand the market from my point of view, and yet I often make a mistake too. There are days when you think that everything you have learned is for the garbage bin and the next day the world is fine again. On such days, I'll just quit and leave it. The right trade are a big challenge in the forex market. But with the right help, it will be a little easier

I wish you good luck and look forward to your feedback.

best regards

--- 帖子 #784 ---
Project 3 is now over, now we can start working.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Dear Subscriber,

In the last few weeks you have received a candle picture in the project 1 with the bionic chart, that did not exist before, as well as with project 2 a new trend indicator, which we will talk about in detail. Project 3 (Dashboard) is finished so far. Of course, I continue to develop my dashboards and will post an update as soon as there is serious news.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Of course, with many of you working with 2 or 3 screens, not all dashboards will fit your workstation. That's why it's time to pick the best dashboards, or put together individual dashboards that can help them with their work. Think of it as a kind of buffet, what you like, pack on your plate, take some things with you to try, just ignore the rest. Better a large selection than no choice. The creation of the dashboards and the videos with the installation instructions were a lot of work that I liked to do for you. Some of you have already written that they have achieved very profitable results. That makes me happy and it shows what's behind it.

The foundation stone has been laid and many of us are now on the same level with the Metatrader. If we talk about charts now, everyone has an overview right away, because that's very important for future projects. Next, we'll look in detail at the bionic chart and the trend strength indicator. These aids contribute significantly to success when it comes to supply and demand.

The goal of supply and demand is to recognize the possible trend reversals in advance and to look for and enter into the trades that promise an interesting risk-reward ratio. Achieving 50 pip profit with 5 pip risk is a worthwhile goal. The amount of lots you decide yourself. The novel bionic chart and the bionic trend strength indicator provide very interesting information. There are some approaches on how to measure the price strength individually.

In the next weeks we will deal with these things exactly and exchange ideas, discussing together to progress. You will get very interesting tips on how to train this kind of trade down to the smallest detail without risk and they will sharpen their senses. We will also talk about the majors, gold, indices or stocks, because this type of trading helps them in all areas.

We do not need news, standard indicators or opinions from external experts, we focus on the pure chart. That's enough and effective. If you feel like it, I like to invite you. I do not promise them that it will be easy and certainly not that everything works right away. But I promise you that we will get better every day, provided you work with us.

Nice to have you with me and I look forward to a very interesting time, together with you.

Beautiful evening

--- 帖子 #785 ---
EURUSD Midterm Options

Hello dear traders,

In some of my post I have repeatedly noted that it is not worthwhile for me if the FED or ECB holds a meeting, because often in the overall course, nothing changes. An important election in America is an equally important moment, leaving its mark on the EURUSD. In the Midterm elections, America has re-elected the composition of the House of Representatives and parts of the Senate. The US republicans were able to defend their majority in the Senate, while the congress will be dominated by Democrats. It is already becoming apparent that this is a choice with many historical results: for example, more women than ever will be in the House of Representatives in the future. At midnight local time (6 clock German time) closed the last polling stations in the western US state of Alaska. Because of the many time zones in the US, the election had a total of 18 hours. It will take a few more days until the final result is known, because in California, for example, absentee ballots are only counted in the days following the election.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

At 1:30 CET, EURUSD had its first reactions at point A and lasted 6.5 hours to point B against 08:00 CET. Let's take a closer look at the movements.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

At 1:30 CET, the price went up 38 pip, then down 79 pip, then 77 pip up, and finally 36 pip down. A total of 115 pip up and 115 pip down. A nice equilibrium. The key is not the choice, but how the participants respond to these results.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The price came from a strong 1.13 demand zone and was on the way up. At 1.14353 the game started. Up and down and ended again at 1.14353. I have cut out these 6.5 hours once and you can see that nothing really has happened. Nevertheless, money was shifted, one won, the other lost. These situations are a chance for many traders to make quick money, but don't risk too much.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Quite interesting is that the resistance zones have not changed, quite the contrary, the course has continued on a path as if nothing had ever happened. Of course you can be lucky and make a lot of money in such a situation, but it's always stupid if you do not know why you won this trade. Crucial are the winning trades that are repeatable and which a successful retailer should look for.

To compare that with a sailboat: Of course I can get from A to B faster in a storm, but in such a situation you can not control well and you are focused on not going down. That's why I prefer to stay in the safe harbor. As soon as the storm clears, I sail out. The journey from A to B takes longer, but I arrive relaxed and can enjoy sailing without destroying my boat. If you see strong candles on the chart afterwards, do not be sad that you were not there. These strong candles will help you in the future as they break strong resistance zones, making it even easier to see these invisible zones. This makes dealing with supply and demand much easier. For this I will once again write another blog.

I wish you a successful trading day.

best regards

--- 帖子 #786 ---
Shortcuts in MT4

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Hello dear traders,

Since you have received a lot of tools for more effective trading in the last few weeks, I would like to provide you with an aid today to execute certain commands with the Metatrader even faster. Many commands that we do awkwardly via the menu bar, often go faster with one click on the keyboard. Surely you already know some shortcuts, but certainly not all.(only for Windows)

best regards

Attached File(s)   MT4 Shortcuts.pdf

147 KB
|
629 downloads

--- 帖子 #787 ---
Bionic trend strength indicator

Hello dear traders,

A few days ago I promised to post more information on the new and already published Bionic trend strength indicator. The blog was a little more elaborate than expected, but I hereby release my promise.

During my many years as a trader, I've always wanted to have an ad next to my chart that always tells me exactly if we have a supply market or a demand market. I have tried some 1000 indicators and have always failed. Several years ago I started to develop my own ideas that bring me closer to this goal.

An indicator for me is like a kind of navigation system, It calculates for me an optimal way and makes me a suggestion. However, I'm in the car to give gas, steer and brake. And I do not depend on my navigation system. I am in control of my vehicle and not the navigation system. Nevertheless, it often helps me to achieve my goal faster.

In each market, the price is determined by supply and demand. The quantity available on the market represents the supply, while the demand is the quantity that buyers would like to purchase. Any change by offer and demand will be returned from the price. Before a price rises or falls, an equilibrium is created. Once this balance is disturbed again, the price moves in the direction of supply or in the direction of demand. The price goes up in a demand zone until the pressure of the supply zone is greater.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In the EURUSD monthly chart of 1972-2018, the price moved into a strong demand zone in January 1985 (zone A). Zone A was so strong that it pushed the price up for ten years until March 1995. In Zone B, the supply market was so strong that it pushed the price down for over five years until it entered Zone C in October 2000. Strong demand in Zone C eventually pushed the price higher again.

In Zone A, demand was much stronger than supply, which increased prices. In zone B, supply was much stronger than demand, which resulted in a price drop. Within this demand or supply zones, one sees many equilibrium that represent a balance between supply and demand.

Since I act exactly according to supply and demand, I am of course looking for the zones that initiate a turnaround. Of course, there are different trends in different time units. As an example, let's just take a look at the demand market from Zone A to Zone B. Within this uptrend, you can also see some downtrends that have taken several years.

So I'm looking for a navigation system that helped me identify these zones. Here I came to an indicator (ZigZag) which is actually no indicator. With the zigzag indicator you can not trade, because only the penultimate tip is fixed. Even if he creates a new syringe, this situation may still change. However, this indicator has a property that no other indicator possesses. With the right attitude he shows me all HL, HH, LH and LL in each time unit. And that was the breakthrough for me. For me, it is crucial to know what strength the price has been within a demand market or supply market. And that's relatively easy to figure out over the average pip per candle.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Point A

Let us take a closer look at a concrete example in the weekly chart of the EURUSD from 1998-2003.

At point A, the price fell within an offer market, averaging 60.4 pips per candle. Dividing 2296 pip by 38 candles is the result. This means that the price has dropped by 2296 pip within 38 weeks. Of course, this result also includes the upward trend of over three weeks that has taken place within this supply market. This downtrend was very sustainable because it took over 38 weeks.

Point B

We are in a demand market and the price went up by an average of 240 pip. This means that the strength has increased significantly, but with a low sustainability. That speaks for a possible pullback.

Point C

The course has now gone down by 90.2. That means the strength down has increased.

Point D

The uptrend finished at 157.2. We recognize that the strength of the uptrend has slowed significantly and the strength of the downtrend has increased significantly. The two uptrends could be identified as a pullback. That speaks for a further downward trend.

Point E

A sustainable downward trend has continued, but sustainability has slowed somewhat. The trend has become a bit stronger.

Point F

A fast and strong uptrend with 285.3 has emerged. This trend was not sustainable and therefore a potential pullback. The likelihood of another downtrend is given.

Point G

The downtrend has become stronger, however, has lost in sustainability. The stronger a trend becomes, the higher the opportunity to identify the trend as a pullback. If you look at the strength of past downtrends, you find that we had the second strongest downtrend here.

Point H

The uptrend was now 136.9 strong. Compared to the last uptrend, this trend has weakened. This situation also speaks for another downtrend. But there could soon be a major turnaround, as the price wants to go up.

Point I

The downtrend has ended with a magnitude of 48.1. That was the lowest strength in the entire downtrend. From this one could conclude that a trend reversal can take place. Of course, this trend reversal has already taken place, but you can not know that at this point.

Point J

The uptrend ended at 89.9. The strength has indeed declined compared to the two previous uptrends, but we have no typical pullback here. The trend has definitely become more sustainable. That too could speak for a further upward trend.

Point K

The downtrend with 40.7 shows the least strength, however, a greater sustainability. Once you compare the last three strengths of the downtrend, you can see that they have become much weaker. That could be an indication of a possible further upward trend.

Point L

The uptrend ended at 68.7. Although the strength has diminished, sustainability has increased significantly, which could speak for a further upward trend.

Point M

The downtrend has become much stronger than the last two before. In addition, the downtrend is somewhat weaker than the uptrend. Of course the candles are also important and the ZigZag indicator can not always work 100% properly. You can see here a typical equilibrium due to an uncertainty. As you can see, the course went down quickly and then turned into equilibrium. Displaying this situation correctly is a challenge for the zigzag indicator. However, based on the information given, one can expect a further upward trend.

Point N

At 59.2, the trend has weakened, however, the sustainability of the upward trend has increased.

Point O

For me, this 585 return is clearly a pullback, but this trend is very strong as well and it gives me a warning that a stronger downtrend could possibly take place after the next uptrend.

As you can see, these numbers are based only on conjecture and are of course not specific indications. Since the course is formed by chance, it always behaves differently at high points. Sometimes a trend change takes place quickly, sometimes it takes a long time. In addition, you should of course see the candle movements. Nevertheless, these trend strengths help in identifying possible long-term trends.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Let's take a look at different trends.

The smaller a number the weaker but more sustainable the trend. The larger the number, the stronger the trend but less sustainable.

Strength

The strength of a trend is determined by how high a trend is within a short period of time. Strong and short-term trends often characterize a pullback. These strong trends are often needed to break strong resistance zones.

Sustainability

The sustainability of a trend is determined by how far a trend runs over a longer period of time. If a trend goes down for a longer period of time, it means there was no objection from the buyers within that period. And it also means there were no major resistance zones, otherwise the course could not go down over this long period of time. This sustainability is a very decisive factor for me.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Let's take a look at this course after I have colored it. The red zones show the supply market while the green zones show the demand market. Zone A and E are the most sustainable zones in the downtrend. You can see very well that the uptrend has taken some time to actually go up. Zones B, D, and F are not sustainable, so they did not pose a threat to the downtrend. Zones H and J were much stronger than B, D, and F. In principle, we moved from point G to point K in Equilibrium. It can be seen that at point L, the sustainability of the upward trend has increased significantly. This gives a clear indication of a longer uptrend.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Let's look at another example from the EURUSD week-start 2010-2015.

Point A

The value of 140 below the trend A indicates a pullback and there is an indication that the downtrend has become much stronger. This trend has closed at 129.1.

Point B

The trend has closed at 110.1. Although the strength of the downtrend has diminished somewhat, it is still very strong.

Point C

The uptrend has closed at 101.6. the strength of the uptrend has diminished and is less strong than the last downtrend.

Point D

With 101.3, the strength of the downtrend has subsided. It can also be seen from the candles that a strong pullback has taken place within this trend. Of course, this strong pullback has massively reduced the overall average trend strength.

Point E

The uptrend has closed at 143.6, indicating that the trend strength is increasing.

Point F

The downtrend ended at 65.6. That was sustainable, but also very weak. Let's take a look at the past points. The downtrend has weakened as the uptrend has strengthened. That could be an indication of a possible further upward trend.

Point G

The strength of the uptrend has increased significantly.

Point H

The downtrend of 63.7 is not a typical pullback, but it has weakened.

Point I

The uptrend has now become much weaker, a possible setback is in question.

Point J

In fact, the downtrend has now become stronger. From another reset you can go out.

Point K

The uptrend has become significantly weaker again, a possible setback is in question. However, this upward trend is also very sustainable.

Point L

220.2 is a typical pullback so it could go up.

Point M

The uptrend has become stronger, but less sustainable.

Point N

268 is a typical pullback so it could go up. However, this downside strength shows that we can soon expect a longer-term downtrend.

Point O

The uptrend has become stronger, but less sustainable.

Point P

Now the downtrend has become much weaker, but sustainability has increased.

Point Q

At 39.7, the strength has dropped significantly. If you see how the strength of the downtrend has developed you can draw conclusions from it.

Point R

The downtrend has gone down but it has lost much of its strength. Then the course went into a two-year Equilibrium.

So you realize that both the strength and the sustainability of a trend matter. There may be different interpretations of a trend. I would like to emphasize once again that my interpretation is certainly not correct and 100% effective. After all, it is a new indicator that did not exist in this form. Therefore, we must certainly work on the interpretation a little more closely. Nevertheless, these values help me in my daily work to recognize certain trend consequences.

As already written, I focus exclusively on my supply and demand zones. These auxiliary indicators help me with this. Maybe you too have some experience with this indicator and I am looking forward to your feedback.

I would like to warn once again against entering into a trade on the basis of this indicator. This indicator may provide very important information, but should only be used as a supportive tool.

The next project we are going to deal with will be exactly this trend indicator, but it will take some time.

I hope I could give you some information and I look forward to your feedback. I wish you a successful trading day.

best regards

--- 帖子 #788 ---
Hello dear traders,

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

As already written a few weeks ago, I believe that the price must come below 1.13006 to continue its long-term uptrend. I have drawn a possible resistance line once. 1.1299 to 1.1285. however, the price may well go lower as the large demand zone starts at 1.118. Whether the course comes today in this zone, remains to be seen.

I wish you a successful trading day

best regards

--- 帖子 #789 ---
Successful video test of Bionic indicators

Hello dear traders,

Some subscribers told me that two of my videos may have been misinterpreted, so I'd like to correct and complete that. After having developed the Bionic Chart and the Bionic Trend Indicator exactly 1 month ago, I wanted to know how to work in the field of supply and demand in practice. I created a 5 second chart and recorded this chart live during trading.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The chart shows the Bionic Chart and the Bionic Trend Indicator. Before the start I drew a resistance line and then started the video. In 10 minutes, about 200 bars were drawn and I wanted to know to what extent I can determine exact resistance zones.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

10 minutes later I drew 6 more resistance zones and I could predict the course almost exactly. In the video I show with the mouse, clearly the further course. After the course went over the last zone of resistance and I finished the video, the course has taken another leap to the top. All the resistance zones that I drew live during the video and got started reacted almost exactly.

Since I'm not a clairvoyant and can already know what's going on, it's still amazing that the new chart image, the trend indicator and my knowledge of supply and demand can deliver such amazing results. Have a calm look at the video and decide whether you should deal with this kind of trade in the future. When I started the video, I did not know where the course was going. I focused on my knowledge and the new support indicators. That all my drawed zones have reacted exactly can not be a coincidence within 10 minutes. That's why I shot another 30-minute video that I'll write about tomorrow.

By this I just want to show that, in principle, anyone who deals with it, can optimize his assessment of the course significantly. Of course, my assessments are not always accurate and I make enough mistakes, but it's all about getting better. And I'm convinced that this approach can be learned by anyone who wants to.

Here is the video again.

Inserted Video

If you think this is a fake, may I tell you this. In order to make the video forgery-proof, I used a 5-second chart, which you can not call in the strategy tester in retrospect. In my second video of 30 minutes, I also added a time display. In addition, a counterfeiting brings no advantage, since I do not earn any money with these indicators and will not earn money in the future. My only and stated goal, together with successful traders, is to bring this project forward. In a joint collaboration, we save time and reach the goal faster. That's why I created this blog.

I wish you a nice evening

best regards

--- 帖子 #790 ---
Hi Bionics

Could you please next time enable both bid and ask on the 5 second chart? It's very interesting but I think spread would be too high for this kind of trading.

Best wishes

Hope

--- 帖子 #791 ---
Hello 3ndlessHope,

First of all, welcome to us and you really have an original name. I do not trade in the 5 second chart, it only served as a test. If I had made the video in the 1 minute chart, it would have taken too long. I trade in the 5 minute chart with an average stop of 4-5 pip. My spread is 0.5 including all costs, which I find relatively cheap. I've also traded in 5 seconds chart, but you're right, this is in the long run unprofitable. I wish you a nice evening.

best regards

--- 帖子 #792 ---
Live video with the bionic chart

Hello dear traders,

after my first 10 minutes video in the 5 seconds chart, I shot another video that showed the future course. On 11.10.2018 I shot the video from 11:22 to 11:52 CET that lasted 30 minutes. In the 5 seconds chart 600 bars were recorded and I hoped for some jumps. In addition, I added a time display and was in the course of several times the price of a current candle show to prove that this is a realistic and live video shot.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The upper red resistance was in my view, the breakthrough up. I recorded this future price history already 30 minutes before. When the video began, the price was within equilibrium downtrend.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

When the course had overcome my line, it accelerated sharply and a longer uptrend began.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here you can see an overview in the 1 minute chart and in which period the recording of this video took place. They realize that the uptrend has reached 60 pips. My resistance zone was 1.15500 to 1.15503.

Annotation:

When the video started, I had roughly drawn two resistance lines. Although I knew that the course was still a bit down, but how far he came down, was very difficult to see. Another challenge was that I did not use higher time units to find zones, but only took the 5 sec chart as the basis, so my resistance zone was only 0.3 pip wide. In the 5-second chart you have to react very fast and have no concrete candles available. The course is very volatile and you get a lot of information that you have to process within seconds. Responding to this is a challenge. In the video you can see that I was unsure when running down the course and had no proper starting points. So you can only improvise and try to predict the course of the course on the basis of the many information.

If I have a strong resistance zone and I can assume that the price can break that resistance zone, then I'm basically looking for a good entry point below that resistance zone. If the resistance zone fails and runs back, I have no loss, so it's important to get in front of the drag zone. The advantage is that I am already in the market when the price is now high through the zone. If I put a sellstop over the drag zone, it can really go wrong if the price is turned down sharply. When things go well and the price goes up sharply, I usually enter the market way too late and lose enormous potential. That's why a sellstop is not an alternative for me.

If you look at the video, please note that no one is able to accurately predict all trend sequences and trend lengths, especially in the 5 second chart is extremely difficult. My marked resistance zones in the video had a width of 0.3 Pip, which is already sporty. My rough assessments of individual zones were correct and decisive was the overall result and that was true.

Inserted Video

Finding the right entry point in an Equilibrium to negotiate a breakout without losing heavily is indeed not easy, but with experience, a keen sense and sometimes a little luck, this is not rocket science. However, I rarely do a breakout, I prefer something more predictable and I prefer to act where little traders are willing to join. As a Countertrend Scalper you have to react very fast and have no time to perform long candle analyzes, so a 5 second chart is a very nice workout to improve your reactions. I will make you a concrete proposal next week.

I wish you a nice weekend

best regards

--- 帖子 #793 ---
Dear Michael,

Discovered your thread today and I could not stop reading. It took me about 4 hours to read and I enjoyed it very much! It will take some time to digest all the wonderful information.

You have been so detailed, helpful and encouraging. Your teqnique is refreshing and seems to provide a good edge.

I just wanted to aknowledge your outstanding work, dedication and selflessness. People like you bring hope in the world of trading.

Hat tip to you sir!!

Kind Regards, Peter

--- 帖子 #794 ---
Hello dear Peterrr,

First of all, welcome to our blog: Equilibrium, a key to success. Thank you very much for the kind words, I am very glad that you like this blog and take you further. That's why I started this blog 10 months ago. It will indeed take some time to read and process this information. It is best to start from scratch because this blog is built like a book.

In this blog you will find per page about 6,000 words times 40 pages = 240,000 words. A book with 300 pages has about 100,000 words. So about 2.5 books have already been processed in this blog. Reading 200 words per minute, that means reading about 40 hours, studying the graphics again, 40 hours plus adding indicators and some test runs another 40 hours. That's 120 hours, but I think that these 120 hours will be worthwhile too.

The goal is to improve their trading style, thereby reducing losses while increasing profits.

The crucial point, however, is the independence of standard indicators, news or the opinion of analysts. This independence is the deciding factor that you can achieve in this blog.

I wish you much success and we are happy to help and advise.

Best regards

Michael

--- 帖子 #795 ---
Find resistance zones easier

Hello dear traders,

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The price of EURUSD is now in an area where we can not identify any direct resistance levels.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Therefore, take a closer look at the section 11.May 2017 to 5.July 2017 in H4.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In H1 you can probably find more exact resistance zones.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

It will be interesting if you look at this 2017 zone and the current zone in 2 different charts next to each other. This makes it easier to create resistance zones.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here is an example in the H1 chart

I wish you a nice evening

best regards

--- 帖子 #796 ---
Combination of H4 and M15

Hello dear traders,

As already written, we had no reference price in the EURUSD from this morning on which we can identify possible resistance levels. I would like to point out another possibility.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

On the left side you can see the EURUSD H4 from May to June 2017 and next to it the current price of EURUSD in M15.

By means of the H4 one can clearly see the resistance zones and compare them with the current price course. Of course, you can also draw only the zones, but it is clearer to have the same time the course in mind. You can combine all units of time together, try for yourself if you can handle this kind of overview.

I wish you a nice evening

best regards

--- 帖子 #797 ---
Hello dear subscribers,

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

in the zone 1,12879 to 1,12941 there is a very strong resistance area from 2017. In order to break through this zone, very many buyers are necessary. Possibly the price could first stop and then go down again for a while.

I wish you a successful trading day

best regards

--- 帖子 #798 ---
More concrete predictions

Hello dear traders,

At 3:00 pm yesterday, I once bothered to look for a specific resistance zone in H 1 using the Bionic Chart and the Bionic Trend Strength Indicator in June 2017. I just wanted to specifically pick a line of resistance that will become active next. Only a few months ago I would have set this resistance zone slightly higher, as the price at point A in a strong demand zone came. For me, the strong downtrend at point B was decisive. Within this strong downtrend, there had to be a strong resistance zone as the course went down with great force. As the price was in an uptrend, it was at this point in time that it entered this strong downtrend.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

My post:

In the zone 1,12879 to 1,12941 there is a very strong resistance area from 2017. In order to break through this zone, many buyers are necessary. Possibly the price could stop and then go back for a while.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Result:

As you can see, exactly in this drawn zone the price has gone down. Let's take a closer look at this in 5 minutes chart.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

At the blue arrow at 16:00 CET I gave my forecast. The course entered the zone and went down briefly. As you can see, the bearish pressure has not been enough and the course have to go over the last high. After that, the price went down 42 pip.

Conclusion: With the Bionic trend strength indicator one is able to determine possible supply zones or demand zones more concretely. Of course, one will not always be right with his prognosis, the decisive factor is that you are right in the long term.

best regards

--- 帖子 #799 ---
Hallo all,

I really dont understand retail traders have tendency to make trading complicated. Please be aware that retail traders dont have any significant effect.

Please simplify your mind in trading. We just take a very little bit bit bit money from the market.

But take it consistantly.

Thanks and Regards,

--- 帖子 #800 ---
Hello dear subscribers,

On October 26, 2018, I described a possible scenario in EURUSD.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The upwards trend from December 2016 from 1.03 to 1.255 took place in different trend sequences and strengths. The strongest trend sequence between 1.03-1.20 can be seen at point 1. Within the blue square I have drawn two resistance lines. It is very nice to see how the course at point A reacted to the upper resistance line. However, this has only brought the course to point B. Thus, the red strong zone could not be broken again. The course was strongly dismissed and ran to the point C.

The zone in which the square was drawn is a very strong demand zone. The zone 1,118 would be for me the deepest zone in which the course could run. As we are still in an uptrend, this drawn zone for me is the end of the pullback of 1.255.

Should the price move strongly down from my defined zone 1.133736 -1.13641, two more zones could be considered.

1. The course goes slightly below the zone A from then upwards (arrow Y)

2. The course runs slightly into zone D then upwards (arrow Z)

The price has now entered the second zone D and was pushed slightly upwards, but I could imagine that the price is still in the downtrend and the low of 1.12146 breaks again.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Once the price is in an uptrend, the two resistance zones A and B are crucial. Only if the course has overcome the resistance zone A, and this zone accepted as a resistance on the return would be clear for me the way to possibly overcome the 1.255.

I wish you a successful trading day

--- 帖子 #801 ---
A possible trading scenario

Hello dear subscribers,

a subscriber privately asked me how to plan and execute my trades. Since I find this topic very crucial, I would like to post it here in the forum, so that all traders can benefit from it.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here is a possible example:

At Post # 799, at 16:00 CET, I identified a resistance zone in H1 between 1.12879 and 1.12941. In the M5, I have identified the zone 1,12920, which I have given up as a sell limit order. My stop was 4.8 pip higher at 1.12968. At 1.12915 I came to the market. My guess was that the price could run to 1.12522, because there was a strong resistance zone in the M5. However, I wanted to get out a little earlier, so I took the preceding resistance zone 1,12572 as TP. At 1.12570 the TP has been triggered. 34.5 pip were reached against a risk of 5.3 pip including spread. The risk-to-reward ratio of 1: 6.5 was okay.

At 17:25 CET my sell limit order was triggered. Initially, the price went 2.5 pip down and then 13.5 pip down. After that, the price went up within the next 12 minutes and my trade was 3 pip down. Then it went first 20 Pip down. There was a pullback of 5 pip. 40 minutes later, my TP was triggered. After equilibrium, the course went down another 5 pip before continuing up the course.

If I had set my TP of 1.12522, I would not have been picked up and would have had to close the trade manually. I would have been about 5 pip worse off. Therefore one should never be too greedy and prefer to get out of a resistance zone before.

Usually, I often pull my stop in the profit when the price has gone down sharply. In this case, I did not do that because the price went up in a weak but sustainable uptrend. Therefore, there may still be some buyers who were not satisfied yet. The course had to penetrate even deeper into the resistance zone to satisfy the remaining buyers. Luckily it was the same.

Of course, the course could have run into the stop, the risk of 5.3 pip was manageable. If you only look for trades that have at least a risk-profit ratio of 1: 5 you are on the safe side. You could lose 4 out of 5 trades and still have not lost any money. If you had a success rate of only 50%, the bill would look like this.

3 x 5.3 pip loss and 3 x 34.5 pip profit = 87.6 pip gain. Provided you trade the same number of contracts. Usually I work with stops of a maximum of 4 pip, but if there is a stronger resistance zone, I'll increase the risk, but the risk-reward ratio must be right. Since I sometimes trade with higher lots, it is important for me to refine the resistance zones in the M5. This reduces the size of my stop, increasing the risk-reward ratio.

In that case, I traded the pullback within an uptrend, a downtrend within a strong uptrend. Why do I do this? Now the pullbacks often have a habit of going through relatively quickly and are easier to calculate for me.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

My trade ran 137 minutes to get 34.5 pip. The uptrend before lasted 364 minutes, earning 71.7 pip. Uptrend = 0.19 pip / min, downtrend = 0.25 pip / min.

If I had traded 137 minutes in the uptrend, the average yield would have been 26 pip. That would have been 25% less revenue in the same time and a risk-profit ratio of 1: 5. The longer I am in the market, the higher the risk of being stopped out by an unpredictable breakout. Had I traded the uptrend, the risk would have been significantly larger in relation to the gain. That's why I prefer the pullbacks rather than the uptrend. Decisive, however, are the resistance zones that are determined. A strong resistance zone also brings with it a stronger pullback, so you can get a good risk-reward ratio.

The Bionic Trend Indicator gives incredibly good information on how strong the price has been in the past, which is often not visible to the naked eye through the candles. A single candle is not a clear statement, a complete trend against it. Please look the bionic strength indicator, you will discover very interesting things. If you trade the EURUSD for many years you will discover that basically the same things happen again and again. This can not be discovered with candle formations or indicators, because the course is always completely different. When a big player enters the trade, it's just about fooling the other traders, which in fact will not happen. So if you act according to what you believe you will inevitably lose.

The Bionic Trend Indicator is not an indicator to trade with and it is only an aid. But it shows you exactly what can happen next, because it shows exactly where in the market the strength and the weakness lies. And exactly this information I need to get an overview of which resistance zones can be crucial. I deliberately say "can be decisive" because there is no security in this market. And that's a good thing, because otherwise the chances of winning a lot would be much smaller. Why can a lotto person become a millionaire? Because many people lose their bets at the same time. That's the game we play. Read my post no. 699

https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...2#post11542672

You will see that Goldman Sachs wins in 89.4% of all cases. So we know with which opponents we have to deal. And believe me Goldman Sachs does not bet on his luck, but on fooling us into something that will never happen in reality. And in that they are absolutely world champions. So, if we want to cut some of the profits out of the forex market, we have to think like the big players and then get carried away by them.

This has nothing to do with complicated trading, but one should not make that too easy. Why are over 90% of traders losing their hard earned money?

Now some are working with the standard indicators that follow the course and give information when it is already too late and others rely on their luck. A crucial point is the respective market situation, which occurs so differently that a single indicator can not help. The more indicators you use, the more information is watered down. That is why I also regularly warn against entering into trade on the basis of indicators.

If you shoot clay pigeons and are a good shooter, explain to a beginner how to shoot properly. This does not work because many factors are crucial. Weight of the clay pigeon, the speed with which the clay pigeon is shot down, weather conditions, wind conditions, light conditions, gun barrel, cartridge, respiration, and much more. A good shooter has to adapt to the situation and make his decision within milliseconds and there are no textbooks or templates, but only the experience in practice. In the forex market, we have significantly more uncertainty factors. We never know what the ultimate dealer, who is currently moving the market strongly, really wants.

That's why every seasoned trader has his own approach and strategy, and if he succeeds, he's right on. I would never question that strategy. However, it took years to build this strategy and you can not put this experience into practice right away. That means there are a lot of traders here at FF who are trading successfully. The decisive factor is that the type of trade must suit you. Once you have found your trade, you must stick to it and do not be dissuaded.

Many years ago, life insurance was a good pension plan. Many people eventually have a life insurance policy until retirement age. After 10 years, a representative found that one of these people had the worst life insurance policy. The representative gave the advice to change the insurance. Ten years later there was again an insurance that promised much more return and the person changed his insurance again. At retirement age, this person had to realize that she would have stayed better off with the worst insurances rather than always getting into the best. The costs were the deciding factor here.

And that is exactly the key point in the forex market. You will eventually have to make a decision about which trading strategy to implement. And then they have to stick with it and optimize and refine their strategy.

Then look for allies who work with you to bring this strategy forward. At some point, the envious, know-it-alls or busybodies tell you, that you are on the wrong track and have no idea. Do not let these people distract you. Maybe you are not yet the professional trader, but you are a personality and you know best what is good for you or not. Listen to your gut feeling, you done it all your lives, and if that went well, please keep it up. In this market you are the most important person and therefore you only listen to yourself. This does not mean that you should not be open to ideas, but only if it suits your personal trading style. I sincerely wish you that you always make the right decision.

I wish you a successful trading day

best regards

--- 帖子 #802 ---
Bionics

Thanks for this.  The only part of your approach that is still not clear to me are the "specific rules" for drawing the support/resistance lines/zones, within areas of supply/demand.  Could you please enlighten us on that?  Cheers

--- 帖子 #803 ---
Possibilities to determine resistance zones

Hello dear Subscriber, hello dear pakeha,

Thank you for this very important and decisive question.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

This blog has already introduced a number of different ways to identify resistance zones. For example:

1. Zones can be determined from an equilibrium.

2. Zones can be identified from the supply market and the demand market.

3. Zones can be determined from the overview within a chart.

4. Strong price movements up or down break through strong resistance zones.

5. Certain price levels keep coming up as resistance.

6. The Bionic Strength Indicator shows the strength of price trajectories, from which resistance zones can be derived.

7. The Bionic Chart helps identify strong zones.

8. Continuous and strong trend sequences can be used to determine resistance zones.

Here are just a few examples I've already posted in over 500 posts. I know that it is very hard to analyze all the different methods and to apply them in practice.

I have all these different methods of resistance identification in my head and often use the right method at the right time in the trade through my experience. Because the market behaves differently every time, there is no specific method that works. Therefore I try with my very elaborate projects to limit this resistance identification to the essentials.

You have to imagine this as follows. If you want to disassemble the engine of a Mercedes you need different tools for it. This is not possible with a single screwdriver and often requires special tools. Of course, the forex market is much more complicated, so you need different approaches here as well. With the 8 examples I have mentioned for the identification of resistance zones one is able to detect over 90% of the essential zones in retrospect. The problem is to recognize the zones beforehand.

Although there is a working concept that allows you to trade profitably on the Forex market, that is in my head and I do not know how it works.

Since, from my experience, I often make the right decisions as to which zone will next initiate a turnaround, I wanted to derive a function from it. To correctly calculate the derivative of a function, one must know the derivation rules. And in our case, exactly these derivation rules must first be created. A single person would take many years, so I have published this blog. When 100 subscribers look for a solution together as a single person, you get 100 times faster to your destination. It makes a difference if you need 50 years for a project or just half a year. Many subscribers who trade on this blog have already reported their successes, showing that this is a rewarding and interesting project. But we are still at the beginning and there are still a few million calculations and some 100,000 trend sequences to be analyzed to get a good step forward.

It is clear that I can not do this alone, so I ask all subscribers to get involved. This does not mean that you are involved in this project and will take advantage of it in a few years' time. The Equilibrium project, a key to success, already exists and it works. The point is to determine the future resistance zones even more precisely. And with that trend reversals can be traded right from the beginning. This blog does not contain a ready-made system where you can download an indicator or EA to become a millionaire. Take a look at all the blogs in FF, there is not a single blog offering them the holy grail.

Do you think if I had a completely finished system that I would have posted so easily? What would I have had? I'm not interested in money on the sale of systems because I earn my money with trading. The only reason I have published this blog is to get better together. I give my knowledge and they give their knowledge within our project. That saves me a lot of time and that's why I was motivated to publish this very lucrative system. Quit pro quo. One hand washes the other. That's why I hope to work together to get a little better every day. We will never reach 100%, but if you are only 10% better, thats in the forex market are worlds.

For this I once did a simple and very superficial calculation.

Your stop inclusive Spead is 5 Pip your TP is 15 Pip. If you are working with this risk-reward ratio of 1: 3 and 45% of your trades are successful, the bill looks like this for 100 trades.

55 trades loss = -275 pip
45 trades profit = 675 pip
Profit 400 pip

10% improvement

50 trades loss = -250 pip
50 trades profit = 750 pip
Profit 500 pip

Although they only improved the identification of the resistance zones by 10%, their profit has increased by 25% at the same time. This exponential increase can therefore improve your return very quickly. Concentrate on the essentials with the intention to get a little better every day. I look forward to continuing constructive cooperation with you and I am proud that you are on board.

I wish you a nice weekend

best regards

--- 帖子 #804 ---
The risk reward is the challenge for us. Find the correct point for to open the trades using small stop loss not is easy.

.

--- 帖子 #805 ---
Hello palpite,

I absolutely agree with you. At the beginning of my trading career I traded big stops and smaller lots. By supply and demand I was able to reduce my stops to an average of 3-4 pip in the M5. This allowed me to increase the lot size significantly. The advantage: I am only very short on the market, do not have to manage the trades for a long time and can reach my goal very quickly. However, if you want to achieve a risk-reward ratio of at least 1: 5, you do not have that much trades to choose from. My preparation for the right trades often takes longer than the trade itself. Interesting is the time from 07:00 - 11:00 CET. I often reached my goal after 2 hours. If I miss my goal, I have plenty of time to enter into other interesting trades around 13:30 CET. You should first train with minilots to keep the losses small.

best regards

--- 帖子 #806 ---
When i use small stop loss, the volatility is hitting my stop loss. I'll test this tiime between 7:00 - 11:00. Thank you.

--- 帖子 #807 ---
Hello palpite,

Volatility is much lower in European trading hours. Choose only strong resistance zones and work exclusively with a limit order. Place this limit order in the last third of this resistance zone with a stop of 4-5 pip. The stop should be outside this resistance zone. It may happen that your limit order is not triggered, but then you have no loss. Look at the trend reversals in the chart. In principle, you need to be able to explain each of these reversals and see where this resistance zone is coming from. This can be exercised very easily, without having to enter into a trade. If you are fit in this area you can go into trading.

I wish you a very nice weekend

Best regards

--- 帖子 #808 ---
Hi bionic, how do u use 5sec chart?

--- 帖子 #809 ---
Decisive Help: Bionic trend strength indicator

Hello dear subscriber, hello Jesse292,

First of all many thanks for the important question, for the 5 second chart I would like to give a detailed answer today. Basically, I act according to the principle of supply and demand. The problem I had in the past was that I often did not know how strong these supply zones or demand zones were. However, this is precisely the key point for future price development. The result was the bionic trend strength indicator, which captures precisely these crucial supply zones or demand zones with the right attitude.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here you can see a current H1 chart in EURUSD. Now, if you try to draw the four strongest moves that have arisen within the chart, that could be the four blue arrows. But appearance is deceptive.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

So the zones should have been drawn correctly, but most of us could have drawn these zones only after the course has completed its course. With the help of the Bionic trend strength indicator I was able to draw the two green zones at point A and at point B I could draw the two red zones.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here are the two strongest moves that have taken place within this chart. I have marked the beginning and the end of the demand market at point A and marked the beginning and the end of the supply market at point B. We have now drawn four zones and now look for yourself how the course has behaved after these zones.

Of course, there are more zones, in this case they were just the two strongest zones. In the pure chart, one could not have known that. I think that's a nice example to show how the candles can deceive us. Without the information from the Bionic trend strength indicator, our resistance levels can be very inaccurate and we may lose a lot of money. For me, that was the background with the Bionic Chart and the Bionic Trend Strength Indicator to look behind the candles to identify possible reversals even easier.

The H1 chart represents the medium term trend for me, but I usually act in the M5 to trade with as small as possible stops. The smaller the stop the greater the potential risk profit ratio. Another point is crucial. The shorter the period, the more exactly I can determine possible price developments. The shorter I am in the market, the less risk I have of being stopped out by unforeseen breakouts. For this I will bring in the next few days a detailed example.

Let's get to the 5 second chart. Of course, I have already work with it, because I can reduce my stop down to 2 Pip, but I strongly advise against it. First and foremost, the 5 second chart with the Bionic trend strength indicator gives me more detailed information that I can match in the M1. Let's look at an example.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here you can see an M1 chart. With the setting 12/6/3 I receive in about two and a half hours a total of eight information about the respective trend strength. But this information is not enough for me.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

If I now reduce the setting to 4/2/1, I get 21 information about the respective trend strength in the same period. You can see in the chart that there are often the same trend strengths. This is simply because within 1 minute only one candle forms. To illustrate this trend strength, let's take a look at the 5 second chart.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here you see the same price development only in the 5 second chart. To show the strength of the same peaks, I set the setting to 48/24/12. The indicator has been adjusted. Do not bother with the number, the trend with a larger number is stronger than a trend with a smaller number.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Now I have once compared the respective trend strength in the 5 sec chart with the trend strength in the M1.

At point A you can see four trend strengths which are displayed in the M1 at 0.8. The numbers displayed in the 5 second chart I wrote in white color about it. You can clearly see that we have different strengths here, which can not be exactly displayed in the M1 due to the coarse candle images. Similarly, we have at point B four ads in the M1 are reported with 1.0. Compare also the other values. Same values were shown with the same colors. In the 5 second chart we already have clear differences, as you can see. And those differences are sometimes crucial. For that, I like to use the 5 second chart.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here you can see the trend strength in the 5 second chart with the setting of 24/12/6. Of course, I can increase the zoom and thus reduce the setting to 8/4/2, but suffer from the accuracy of the trend strength, as too much information must be processed.

In principle, the 5 second chart helps me to refine the Bionic trend strength information from the M1 to draw conclusions about my supply zones or demand zones. In addition, I get up to ten times more trend strength information than in the M1. And exactly this trend strength information helps me in the determination of strong supply zones or demand zones.

In my 10 minutes video (Post 791) and my 30 minutes video (Post 794), I was able to show how important this information is to draw in the right supply zones or demand zones. What at first looks like witchcraft is actually just the translation and proper interpretation of trend strength. However, even within a few seconds, you get a lot of information that you have to process and implement relatively quickly. But like everything in life, that's just a training thing.

All information that you have received so far in this blog you have to see as a kind of buffet or offer. Not all things will help you, so you have to choose exactly the things that take you further. It's all about making more concrete decisions in the shortest possible time. I am convinced that once you have found the right help, you will greatly improve your quotas. Unfortunately, I can not tell you which of my aids are best for you, but you can easily find out for yourself.

In the beginning a trader career, a trader is looking for his right system. Once you have found your system, it's about optimizing this system. My main system is supply and demand. Crucial for me was how strong or weak the supply or the demand is. This makes it easier for me to derive future price developments.

I hope that I have been able to give you more important information and I wish you a very successful trading day

best regards

--- 帖子 #810 ---
Update the strongest trends

Hello dear traders,

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

enclosed an update of the chart of yesterday (Post 811) With a smaller setting 3/2/1 I could make another resistance, which was also started today and was dismissed by 42 pip. It is still interesting that the course is still within the zones for 4 weeks. These zones were created on 29.0ct and 7.Nov.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Let's take a look at the daily chart on the 26th and 27th of October 2017. There we find the strongest supply market since the last 3 years. I once marked this zone in red. I have drawn the beginning of this strong zone with a white line. Now look at how the course responds 7 months later. This trend is not the longest downtrend, but the strongest. The Bionic trend strength indicator helps here very effectively.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Exactly according to this principle, I have now picked out the strongest trends within the last year and drawn. This view can now be viewed in the smaller time units and optimally refine with the Bionic Trend indicator.

I wish you a nice evening.

best regards

--- 帖子 #811 ---
New profile for download

Hello dear traders,

Supply zones and demand zones are not always easy to determine at the beginning of a trader career. I would like to give an example today.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

On the chart you can see the EURUSD in D1 from April 2017 to today. With the aid of the Bionic starch indicator I have drawn the six strongest supply zones and in the lower section the two strongest demand zones. Now let's take a look at the four supply zones and a demand zone in the blue box.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I think that the result is very interesting. Of course, this is just a rough representation after all, we are working in the daily chart.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here we are in the H1 chart from October 28, 2018. The lines were drawn and supplemented with the help of the bionic trend strength indicator in H1. At point A you can very well see the higher-level offer zone and at point B you can see the higher-level demand zone. Next, you can now go to the subordinate time units to determine there further resistance zones.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Slide 4

For this I have put together an individual profile consisting of four auxiliary indicators.

A This is the already known indicator that shows the individual trend strength of the course.

B This indicator is similar to the line chart only in this case it runs exclusively from high to high.

C The same indicator that only runs from low to low.

D The Bionic Chart has been inserted here.

E The Bionic Oscillator is used exclusively to quickly identify the strongest trends in the chart. After identifying the trends, you can delete it.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Slide 5

This is how the chart looks like. In the download "Bionic High Low" is the folder indicator. Please download the four indicators into your MT4. In the Profiles folder is the folder: Bionics High Low Chart. Please place this complete folder in your MT 4 Folder Profiles. Then restart your MT4 and call up the profile: Bionics High Low Chart. After that, everything would have to work.

Depending on the time unit you should vary the three ZigZag settings in the indicator.

Here are some suggestions with which I have had the best experience.

24/12/6

12/6/3

8/4/2

4/2/1

3/2/1

Please note that you should change the oscillator settings at the same time. This kind of chart presentation is very interesting because you can see the beginning of the supply or demand zones very quickly. Try it out for yourself and see if you can work with this kind of presentation.

I wish you a successful week and a nice weekend

best regards

--- 帖子 #812 ---
Project No. 4 is at the start

Hello dear subscribers,

Within the current price development supply zones and demand zones are created. This will develop into a supply market or a demand market. The first challenge was to show the strength of these supply zones or demand zones with the Bionic strength Indicator. Project # 4 is about graphically displaying these zones to provide an even faster and more accurate overview. Is the trend a pullback, or is it a sustainable trend that can continue in the longer term? These questions will now be easier to answer. This new auxiliary indicator now creates completely new candles in which the supply zones and demand zones are clearly displayed. These candles are independent of time and of course vary in width.

From this it is possible to draw very interesting conclusions about future price developments.

I have already shown some graphic examples in some posts that could previously only be created manually. Now the zones are created automatically and give a very interesting picture. So that you can get a first impression, I have created an example in the 5 sec chart. However, only to show the function within a few minutes. The right mission will take place in the normal time units and bring us all a good way forward. The programmer who helped here spent a lot of hours on this project and once again thanks a lot. Take a look at the video now.

Inserted Video

I will continue to prepare the project this week and hope to upload everything by the end of the week.

I wish you a nice evening

best regards

--- 帖子 #813 ---
Hello, Bionics. Looked your thread, signed up. Very interesting topic. A non-standard approach to market research is wonderful. I suggest adding one more value to the bionic indicator. This is the change in volume from candle to candle. As a result, we will see how this value changes - increases or decreases at peaks for clarity, I calculated and drew and got this picture.

P.S.Hello, Dear Bionics. I want to offer another version . It is also an addition to the indicator. Maybe it will be interesting. Enter an additional value in the smZigZag - Bionics indicator. Calculation formula-volume / (open-close). I'll draw a screenshot later.

P.S. In and the second screenshot. Sincerely, Sergey.

--- 帖子 #814 ---
[quote=DonSergion;11741811]Hello, Bionics. Looked your thread, signed up. Very interesting topic.

Hello DonSergion,

First of all, welcome to our blog and I am glad that this topic appeals to you and helps you in trading. Your idea to add a volume change to the Bionic indicator is a really great idea of you and I thank you for your creativity.

However, there is a small problem. Futures are traded on the stock market; the moment a buyer and a seller trade a certain stake, a certain volume is created. There I get worldwide correct stock market data about the price and the volume. CFD are contracts for difference traded over the counter. If you trade CFD, you trade only with the broker and not directly on the stock market. We get from the broker off-exchange data about the price. The volume we receive is the tick volume calculated by the broker. This tick volume differs significantly from the volume determined by the real stock market data. This means that we would trade with incorrect volume data. That was the reason why I have never considered the volume profile before. This is another story for futures. Of course, the prices are different, but the deviations here are not quite as extreme as the volume. Of course this depends on the respective broker.

However, the idea is very good and I will like to deal with it once, we just have to keep in mind that the volume data are partly calculated from the prices and therefore provide many false signals. The Bionic Starch Indicator is generated exclusively from the price.

Project 4, which is now in preparation, gives us important information about the key supply zones and demand zones. Although these zones are calculated from the prices, but the individual candles play often only a minor role here. If we have completed this project, I will be happy to deal with your proposal. Thank you again for this great idea, I am very glad that you have thought about how to optimize the secret of successful action for all. And that's what motivated me the most.

best wishes

--- 帖子 #815 ---
It works as intended

Hello dear traders,

A few weeks ago I started to draw in the H1 zones with the help of the Bionic strength indicator. I published the chart a few days ago. A zone I had overlooked had to be adjusted later. I marked this yellow.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

What motivates me here is that the Bionic strength indicator delivers very good signals that actually occur. Of course, in H1 this is only a rough representation that can be refined in the smaller time units. With the soon following project no. 4 it will be even more interesting, because I can use it to refine and optimize the zones.

I wish you a successful trading day.

Greetings

--- 帖子 #816 ---
Project 4, first test passed!

Hello dear traders,

my post this morning has gone exactly as I had suspected. I got support from the Bionic stength Indicator and our new Project 4.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

You see the H1 in EURUSD. At point A the course has gone down with a strength of 40.7. At point B, the price reached my line with a strength of 17.0. That was already much less than the 40.7. The price went up again and down again at 15:30 CET. The strength was now 8.6. I was not sure if the zone stops, but now it was a clear signal for me to buy. In the 5 minute chart, I waited with a buy limit order that was on my upper red resistance zone. The course came back and I ran 3 pip into the downside. Then it went up quickly. I have previously located my TP. I looked where the course that came from the top had the greatest strength. This moment I found at the point D. Here, the course had a strength of 21.6. Precisely on this resistance zone, the course has already run in from below with a strength of 21.1. That was the perfect exit zone for me. 6 pip stop and 90 pip yield in one hour was a great trade and gave me the confirmation that our project 4 works. Of course, the price went up to the next high after dropping 45 pip, but my maxim is to be as short on the market as possible.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I have checked this trade with the new indicator (Project No. 4). At the blue arrow you see an upward trend. Within this upward trend, I have now searched for the most sustainable supply zone. At points A and B you can see two zones that are about equally strong in sustainability. Point C was the confirmation later. When calculating the TP you can see at point D how the supply market comes from above and was slowed down by a sustainable demand market. That was another confirmation for me.

And now we are at exactly this point, which I see as the key to success. It's not that I got 90 pip profit, it's about having 90 pip profit from the information of my new support indicators. My basic approach is supply and demand. But so far it has been very difficult to visualize these zones. But that is exactly what we have achieved and I am pleased to introduce you to this auxiliary indicator in the next 10 days. This sub-indicator is not an entry-level trade indicator, but it gives us information that is worth the gold. Not only can we plot the supply zones and demand zones, but we can also determine their strength.

In the future this means even better trading with very small stops. And we can now concretely choose the trades that are interesting for us and that match the risk-reward ratio to us.

I will prepare some information for the next few days. Since this auxiliary indicator has only been available for a few days, it still needs to be tested and the corresponding explanations have to be created. I ask for your patience, but we now know that waiting is definitely worth it.

I wish you a nice evening.

best regards

--- 帖子 #817 ---
Concrete zone determination

Hello dear subscriber,

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

attached here again an update of the zones created a few weeks ago. The course has now returned and is now in a strong supply zone. The demand zone is still a bit in the supply zone, but is not quite as strong.

It is interesting to see how exactly and how long these zones are active. The zones were determined using the Bionic strength Indicator. The concrete zones must then be refined in the smaller time units. This allows the zones to be determined more precisely.

The challenge is to determine exactly which zone is active and when.

For this I will provide an accurate explanation until today at noon with very interesting results.

best regards

--- 帖子 #818 ---
Project 4 the key zones in EURUSD

Hello dear subscribers,

As I have been successfully dealing with Equilibrium for many years, my greatest desire was to make the crucial supply zones and demand zones clearly visible in the chart. The first step was the Bionic Chart, which eliminated the wicks and made the course clearer. The second step was to show the strength of the supply zones and demand zones. In the third step, I have published several auxiliary indicators in different dashboards that provide important information in the area of currency strength. The fourth step with Project 4 is now to show the supply zones and demand zones with different colors and time-independent in the chart.

The basis for this was the ZigZag indicator, which is actually completely unsuitable for deriving possible trading decisions. But he has a decisive advantage, he shows the concrete HH, HL, LL and LH of the respective course. From this one can, depending on the right attitude, make the supply zones and demand zones graphically visible. With the ZigZag indicator, only the penultimate top is up-to-date, as the price can still change. In our case, that does not matter, because I use this indicator to identify the key supply zones or demand zones. From this I can derive a possible trend reversal in the future. Thus, it is completely irrelevant whether the ZigZag indicator provides current data or not. It is crucial that the data from the penultimate top are current and thus unchangeable. The actual trading decision is made solely through the identified zones. In addition, I get from my dashboards then the specific information, if my zone is relevant.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

This example clearly shows that the supply zones and demand zones are completely time-independent. Within these zones there are different trends. The numbers above or below are crucial. The smaller a number, the weaker, but more sustainable the trend. The larger the number, the stronger the trend, but less sustainable.

The strength of a trend is determined by how high a trend is within a short time. Strong and short-term trends often indicate a pullback. These strong trends are often required to break strong resistance zones. The sustainability of a trend is determined by the extent to which a trend runs over a longer period of time. If a trend goes down over a longer period of time, it means buyers have not objected within that time. And it also means that there were no major resistance zones, otherwise the course could not give way over that long time. This sustainability is a very decisive factor for me

In the Post 789 I have delivered a concrete explanation.

https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...7#post11677547

Basically, it is crucial that the indicator does not provide trade decisions, but only the crucial zones that can then lead to a trade decision.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here you can see a line chart in W1 from 1971 to 2018. I would now like to use three examples to identify points A, B and C using the supply and demand indicator. In order to identify a particular zone, I need a reference value for this. At point A, B and C, there is a reference value since the price has already been in this price range. The points D, E and F can also be determined, but this is much harder because there is no reference value. This slide should serve as an overview so that you always know where we are at the moment. Why is the overarching trend important when trading only in the M15 or M5? The overarching trend sets the long-term direction of the trend, and of course there may be a multi-year pullback in a long-term uptrend, but this information is crucial in identifying medium-term and short-term supply or demand zones. So it's a kind of navigation system that helps you get there faster. Let's take a look at how the supply and demand indicator helps us to identify the critical zones. Of course, this indicator is also able to identify medium-term and short-term supply zones or demand zones, but we start with just these three decisive zones, A, B and C.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

We are here in 1971 in H4. An uptrend is starting and we are looking for a strongest and most sustainable zone that has taken place within this uptrend. The information from Post 789 is crucial for this. At point 1 we find what we are looking for and draw a blue zone into the future. Since this zone is 420 pip thick, we need to downsize the zone. At point A and B you can see two more uptrends entering our zone. These are resistors, which allows me to reduce the blue zone by my green lines to 230 pip. Since the course has come from above a distance of 5,700 pip, the 230 pip correspond to just 4%. Of course you can reduce the zone significantly in the smaller time units, but unfortunately my H1 is just enough for the year 2008. If you expand your history database you can spend 2 months in the M1, 1 year in the M5, 2.5 years in the M15, 5 years in the M30, 10 years in the H1 and from the H4 to 1971 go back. To determine the current zones that should be enough. We have now reduced our zone to 230 pip and now look at what happens as soon as the course from above enters our zone.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

We are now in the years 1983 to 1986. The course comes from above and penetrates into our zone at point A. They recognize what happens. The price is turned up sharply and goes up 8,980 pip. Joke: Even with a stop of 230 pip that would have been a good risk-reward ratio, but that would have taken ten years. The fact is that we had already identified the possible turnaround 48 months earlier with the indicator. What does that mean in concrete terms? If there is a possible big turnaround at this zone, it means the course would have to go down by then. And that's just crucial information. How many times have we wondered if we can get on a trade before the big turnaround begins? Of course, a pullback can always occur within a trend, but we will receive this information in the future with project 4.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In 1985, we are back on the upswing and three years later, we are looking for the strongest and most sustainable zone that has taken place within this uptrend.

At point 2 we find what we are looking for and draw a blue zone into the future again. Since this zone is 520 pip thick, we need to downsize the zone. At point A and B you can see two more uptrends entering our zone. With these resistors, I can downsize the blue zone by my green lines to 220 pip. We will talk in detail about the specific localization of these zones, as the course always behaves differently. Therefore, you always have to create this identification manually and can not build an EA from it. This time the price has gone up 7,800 pip. The fact is that with the indicator we would have already identified the possible turnaround 60 months earlier. From this information we could have derived very interesting bearish trades.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In May 2000, the course at point 0 entered our blue zone for the first time. Since we have reduced our zone with the two green lines, we can assume that after a short pullback the price will continue to run downwards. After pullback, a very strong supply zone emerged at point A. I once drew this strong supply zone red. In October 2000, the course entered our zone for the first time. (Point 1). As you can see, the price was strongly but not sustainably rejected. A strong rejection always speaks first of all that the course comes back again. In fact, the course came back again and then went up strong and sustainable. It was precisely from this sustainable and strong zone that a green demand zone was drawn at point C. The next step was to watch what happens when the price enters our offer zone. Since this zone is very strong, the course would have to make a strong move upwards to get out of this zone. At point 2 that did not happen and the course went down again.

The background was that at that time the sellers were still not satisfied and pushed the price down again. The course was now up to point 3 and came once again in our zone. After that the course ran to the point 4 and on the way formed at point D a strong and sustainable upward zone. That was a good sign that the cops have slowly taken the helm. One recognizes that the offer zone was only briefly overcome at point 4 and the course went down again. The course was now heading towards point 5, returning to the strong green demand zone. Between point 4 and point E it is clear that the supply zones were significantly stronger than the demand zones. From the point B and F the demand zones were clearly in the advantage. Finally, you could see at point G, how strong the uptrend from the offer zone has come out. That was clearly the breakthrough to the uptrend. In the normal chart you would have had difficulty drawing in the green and red zones.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

On the chart, it looks like the price is only rising very slowly, but that's wrong because I wanted to show as many zones as possible. As of February 2002, we were on the upswing again, and once again we are looking for the strongest and most sustainable zone that has taken place within this uptrend. At point 3 we find what we are looking for and draw a blue zone into the future again. This blue zone is only 270 pip strong this time. At points A and B, we see two more uptrends entering our blue zone. This allowed me to reduce the green resistance zone to 42 pip in H4.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In March 2015, the course entered our blue line at point A for the first time. However, he has not yet reached our identified green line. It can also be seen that after the strong downtrend a strong and sustainable green zone is formed. At point B, the course is not even in our blue zone, for us a crucial indication that the uptrend is not yet active. Finally, at the end of December 2016, the price will be in our crucial zone at point D and will be turned up. Since the strongest supply zone at point A was taken out of it and there were no other strong supply zones, we could now assume a further uptrend.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Basically, there was the problem that we had a very strong supply zone from 1.3990 - 1.0460 in the W1. This strong offer zone was taken out with the price development until 1.03 only once. After that, there was a very strong uptrend that went to 1.255. There was a very strong resistance zone that pushed the course down to 1.12140. Within the uptrend from 1.03 to 1.255 we are now looking for the strongest and most sustainable zone in H4. At point 4 we find what we are looking for and again we draw a blue zone into the future. Since this zone is 320 pip strong, we need to shrink the zone. Due to the equilibrium that developed at point A, this identification is a bit more difficult. Based on the price history and the resulting resistance, I was able to limit this zone to 30 pip. As you can see, the course has touched the zone at least briefly and has been strongly and sustainably rejected. However, the course then came back again. In any case, I strongly believe that within this blue zone the price will continue its upward trend. Maybe December could be the decisive month.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Let's go to the D1 again. The zone I've calculated for a trend reversal is between 1,11300 and 1,11600. There are several reasons for that. At point E, we see a strong but less sustainable downtrend with a magnitude of 71.7. This downtrend is not settled for me yet and the price would have to drop below the 1.12140 to see this downtrend. In Equilibrium at point D, the greatest strength in the downtrend was 35.4. This means that the strength of the downtrend has increased in this zone so far. At point A we see a very strong pullback with a strength of 516.5 that has passed through my zone. However, the decisive clue is point B. First, there was a sustained downtrend before, then a pullback up and from point B, the price went down sharply. That's exactly the lower resistance zone for me. If the price broke through this zone, a further downtrend would be expected. Another and additional point is the psychological aspect. Christmas and the New Year are just around the corner, giving you the chance to look positively into the New Year. Maybe this positive mood could affect a trend change.

Addendum in own thing:

This indicator was developed to identify supply zones and demand zones and determine their strength. This auxiliary indicator is completely new, was invented by me and developed by Georg, and I would like to thank him once again. Unfortunately, there are not many years of experience here, so here are all the information purely speculative. But those who have dealt with supply zones and demand zones recognize the advantages of this indicator. We will need this weekend to fix minor bugs and I hope to release this indicator next week. Then you can definitely take the Christmas business with you.

Of course, if you do not want to wait until next week, you can even use the Bionic Strength Indicator to draw these zones manually. This may be a bit of a hassle, but you can draw some conclusions from that.

The experiences I have made so far with this indicator are absolutely positive and I was able to optimize my zone determination. If you read through the last posts from me you will agree with me. I am convinced that the new Project 4 will be another milestone for success.

I wish you a successful trading day and I look forward to your feedback.

best regards

--- 帖子 #819 ---
Super interesting !!! and usefull

Thanks

--- 帖子 #820 ---
Hello rosalieone,

Thank you for your feedback, I am glad that the information will help you. I will publish further examples of the data provided to me by the indicator, so that we can approach concrete implementation. I would also be very happy to share the experience you and other subscribers have with the information published here. From this we can draw important conclusions that are important for all subscribers. I have been using the supply and demand indicator for the past few days and have identified zones that I would not have noticed in the normal chart. Very exciting and interesting.

best regards

--- 帖子 #821 ---
Hi, Bionics!

Thank you very much for the work done.

The main difficulty of Forex trading is to determine where the price will go. And your method of determining supply and demand zones and the indicator is optimal. Yes, it is very difficult, but the study of this issue will pay off a great reward!!!

I do not know how to earn-still learning, although the experience of trading is large enough. But thanks to you and the forum began to understand how to draw levels. That's great!!!

I feel that this indicator will spoil the dealing centers)))))

At the bottom there is a screen with" own " levels. I still need to understand and work out the direction of price development near the levels.

There will be a big request: to publish, as far as possible, your vision of the situation on eurusd with a comment on how and why the order was opened.

If you need help - I'm ready, please.

Sorry for the translation, maybe something and not quite sure what Google translator did.

Sincerely, Don Sergion.

--- 帖子 #822 ---
[quote=DonSergion;11753508]Hi, Bionics! Thank you very much for the work done.

Hello DonSergion,

First of all, thank you for the compliment and approval of the demand and supply. I can reassure you, because I have been acting for many years and according to the principle of supply and demand and sometimes I also think that I am still at the very beginning. The difficulty is that you do not realize how far you actually are. Development only ever determines others when they have not seen you for some time.

Learning is a prerequisite in this market and you will never feel that you have arrived. The human being is designed to develop and you can feel it extremely in this profession. I do not think that my indicator will spoil the market, since only a few will act according to supply and demand. First, because the indicator does not generate trade entry and, secondly, because it is very time consuming to trade in supply and demand. Many just want it easy, they are looking for an indicator that tells them when to buy or sell. But that goes wrong in 95% of all cases.

The forex market has changed a lot in recent years and it has become much harder to make sustainable profits due to the high frequency traders. Most of the theoreticians have failed in their scientific approaches in this market, because in a purely randomly generated market with science no progress. The forex market is figuratively like music, the candles are like notes. And if you can decipher the candles, you know which candle will come next.

They've got a lot of help with this blog to survive in this market and make more profits than losses. Even if many subscribers act according to the principle of supply and demand, the approach is still quite different for everyone. This is simply due to the individuality each person brings. And unfortunately you can not copy that. Who tries it will fail. They have to find their own way, of which they are convinced. And finding this way takes a hell of a lot of time. I'm happy to help, but I live exclusively from commerce and support my family.

This blog has already brought you the greatest time savings, because to act with supply and demand is for me the only way to be successful in the long term. And I emphasize again: That's my personal opinion. Of course, there are other ways that can certainly be just as successful, but I do not know these ways. This does not mean that other traders are not successful, but to be as successful at trading as they are now, I would take years. Whether I can improve my quotas, I strongly doubt it. And that's the secret. As a beginner you have to find your system. And once you find it, you have to stick to it, optimize it and improve it. Provided you realize interesting profits. Today MACD and RSI, tomorrow Moving Average and the day after tomorrow EA is a pure monetary destruction. Concentrate on the basics and they will succeed, I can not guarantee that but maybe promise from my experience.

best regards

--- 帖子 #823 ---
They've got a lot of help with this blog to survive in this market and make more profits than losses. Even if many subscribers act according to the principle of supply and demand, the approach is still quite different for everyone. This is simply due to the individuality each person brings. And unfortunately you can not copy that. Who tries it will fail. They have to find their own way, of which they are convinced. And finding this way takes a hell of a lot of time. I'm happy to help, but I live exclusively from commerce and support my family. This blog has already brought you the greatest time savings, because to act with supply and demand is for me the only way to be successful in the long term. And I emphasize again: That's my personal opinion. Of course, there are other ways that can certainly be just as successful, but I do not know these ways. This does not mean that other traders are not successful, but to be as successful at trading as they are now, I would take years. Whether I can improve my quotas, I strongly doubt it. And that's the secret. As a beginner you have to find your system. And once you find it, you have to stick to it, optimize it and improve it. Provided you realize interesting profits. Today MACD and RSI, tomorrow Moving Average and the day after tomorrow EA is a pure monetary destruction. Concentrate on the basics and they will succeed, I can not guarantee that but maybe promise from my experience. best regards[/quote]

Good evening, Bionics.

Thanks for the great feedback. I'll argue about the levels.

The level is one of the main factors of entering the market. The most important thing is to determine what will be next to the level-a breakdown or a rebound. On this issue I have a few suggestions and I will share them here, but then. (This is due to the volatility and size of the candles.)

I had a problem with the levels, but with your help this problem is not a problem and the trading system is almost ready ( there is only not much to finalize) and thank you very much for that.

I agree with you that you can not blindly copy other people's systems - you need to collect your trade bit by bit, which is correct and useful for the trader and it is a very long way. But when you see examples - this path is shortened)))).

I may be wrong, but I think that supply and demand is the main factor in trading, and all other market participants use it, but disguise themselves as others. words and tools. An innovative approach to trade will bear fruit and "there will come a time to gather stones".

With respect Don Sergion

--- 帖子 #824 ---
Jump on the bandwagon with supply and demand

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Hello DonSergion, hello dear subscriber,

I am very happy that this blog has helped you with a big problem. That was my basic idea when I launched this blog 11 months ago. Many blog writers try to impose a consistent system on their subscribers and do not allow creativity. I understand my blog as a kind of buffet, everyone can take what he likes. This indirectly supports the individual independence that every trader should have. There is no trader in FF who operates on the same principle as me, why should I impose my system on him? Maybe his creative composition of different systems is far better than just my system, and that is exactly the goal. A copy is always worse than the original and therefore I prefer to support an original. However, I limit this blog to my way of trading supply and demand. My stated aim is to determine exactly how far a supply market exists before the demand market takes over again, or vice versa. One year ago I was still very much oriented towards Equilibrium, but that was often a bit inaccurate. Equilibrium is once again focusing on the newly introduced supply and demand indicator. I will post some examples of how crucial the Equilibrium is here.

Big players like Goldman Sachs have become more predictable in recent years as they establish themselves on the market in the longer term. Dangerous and unpredictable for me are the high-frequency dealers, because they are often only for seconds or a few minutes in the market. Before you understand what is happening right now, they are out of the market again with your money. Most of the indicators are predictable and high-frequency traders know exactly where the dealer's limit orders and stops are. That's why you have to act according to a system that is also unpredictable. And you have to get in there where nobody dares to enter. So do not get on the train at the station, but jump from a bridge onto the train. Nobody expects that and the advantage is on your side. The tricks of the high frequency dealers are brutal and on the edge of legality, but where no plaintiff there is no judge. When it comes to money, all methods are allowed. Here are two interesting posts from me.

Post 205 The hard unvarnished truth

https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...2#post10734502

Post 237 The tricks of high frequency traders

https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...4#post10753394

So I totally agree that our innovative trading approach will bear fruit, because it's not predictable for those who drive the market. This will only interest the big ones when the lots used slow down their journey up or down. But until then we still have plenty of time. And when the time comes, we become creative again.

I wish you all a great weekend

best regards

--- 帖子 #825 ---
Project 4 Update

Hello dear subscriber,

A few weeks ago, with the help of the Bionic strength indicator, I drew some resistance lines in the H1 and posted the following picture on the 30th of November.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The course has now returned and is now in a strong supply zone. The demand zone is still a bit in the supply zone, but is not quite as strong.

Let's look at what happened after that.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The strong supply zone has pushed the price down another 90 pip and it has responded exactly to the marked zones.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I have now colored the resistance lines in blue and highlighted the individual zones with the new supply and demand indicator. It is clear that the last supply zone was very strong and sustainable.

As it stands, the new indicator, which only highlights the individual supply zones and demand zones, seems to provide very important information for future price movements. With the help of the above or below number, which indicates the strength of each zone, our conclusions can be narrowed down. Since we are in the H1 chart, the significance of the individual zones is already an essential and strong help in daily trading.

The interesting thing is that these numbers do not contain a complicated formula, but only show the average size of the pip that originated within that zone. The simplest things sometimes seem to have the most effective effect. If we start with this help indicator over the next week, I'm curious what experiences you will gain with it. As I said, this indicator is absolutely new and there is hardly any concrete experience. But after what I've seen and tested so far, this kind of presentation seems to be a real step forward in terms of supply and demand.

Of course, you can continue to work with your system, we have a navigation system that shows us before, with a high probability, whether the price rises or falls. If we share our experiences together, I believe that we are taking a big step forward here. The fact is, since I worked with the strength indicator, my correct forecasts have improved significantly. I was able to downsize the stops and increase the win risk ratio. Nevertheless, we need even more concrete statements and can only do this together.

I am looking forward to next week if you also can benefit from this presentation of supply and demand zones.

I wish you a nice weekend

best regards

--- 帖子 #826 ---
Improve unclear price progressions

Hello dear traders,

As we have already noted, past prices and the resulting supply or demand zones are crucial to future price movements. From these zones you can derive important information that will be confirmed in future price movements.

One of the reasons why I like to trade the EURUSD is, in addition to the very high liquidity, the fact that the price goes back to 1971. This is the so-called synthetic Euro. This is nothing but a synthetic exchange rate calculated taking into account the overall exchange rate of all euro currencies. The introduction of the euro on 1 January 1999 goes back to 1971 with this conversion.

With this recalculation of the EURUSD there is the advantage that I have many reference values, ie zones in which the price has already been found. The more reference values I have about a certain zone, the more accurately I can derive statements from it.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here you can see the EURUSD in the D1 from Nov 1988 to Nov 1989. A big problem that immediately catches your eye is the price setting. From 1971 to July 1989 we have inadequate course information, as you can see in the picture. (Compare point A and point B). Only from July 1989, the candles take shape, with which we can make concrete statements. Now we want to optimize this view.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

With the help of the Bionic Chart, we were able to bring about a significant improvement, but even the Bionic Chart is unable to produce a new car from a car with scratched paint. Nevertheless, the overview is already much clearer.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Now the offer and demand indicator has been added and the picture is getting clearer and rounder.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

With the line chart and the supply and demand indicator, I can now optimally record the strength of the individual zones and create reference zones that are important for future price developments. Since there are many unclear price positions in the forex market that look significantly worse, as in our example, you will be able to significantly improve this view in the future.

The small details can sometimes be the crucial point that determines success and failure. Every little improvement is a big step forward.

I wish you a great weekend

best regards

--- 帖子 #827 ---
Hello dear traders, Hello dear Bionics.

I wish to make one clarification on the Zigzag indicator-bionics. I propose to make this indicator multi-timeframe. In figure 1, this indicator is shown in three different time zones. The white and yellow numbers of the indicator values are M15 and M30 respectively.

The second figure shows the other time zones-H4, H1 and M15. I think it is more informative. Interested in Your opinion. In the second figure, the calculations were performed by himself, because the indicator unfortunately does not correctly show the numbers on MT4, five-digit. And that's a small problem.

There is another suggestion. In the indicator, add the average volume from peak to peak along with the average price value . This is very interesting for me because I think the value of volume and the change of this value plays an important role in trading. In figure 3, this value is added to the blue color indicator, white - the average price.

--- 帖子 #828 ---
[quote=DonSergion;11757585]Hello dear traders, Hello dear Bionics. I wish to make one clarification on the Zigzag indicator-bionics.

Hello DonSergion,

First of all, thank you for your commitment and your creative ideas. I am very glad that you, in the interest of all subscribers, are thinking of how to optimize this indicator. I would like to comment on your ideas.

A different time alignment is already planned for a next project. The calculation of many zones that I have already published several times, was already based on different time units. But many units of time within a chart can confuse the trader in some ways, blocking his view of the essentials. I am glad if the different numbers provide you with better signals, important is, how you interpret these 3 numbers in concrete terms and which decisions you derive from them is decisive. Even me, who has been testing the indicator for a few weeks, still has difficulty interpreting the strength indicator in a unit of time.

As soon as the price enters a quote zone, it is rejected downwards. The stronger this supply zone is, the stronger and longer the price is turned downwards. Incidentally, this offer zone can also be recognized in all time units. For me, the first step is to interpret these displayed strengths correctly in the respective time unit. We have to go this step first. Only then is an extension a useful addition. So far, I've found that the H1 and H4 provide very reliable supply and demand zones. I can easily check the critical zones in the smaller time units and locate them more precisely. This allows me to restrict the zone to identify a possible trend reversal.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The H1 chart I created with the help of the Bionic Strength Indicator has brought me some interesting information, as I could see approximately the strength of each zone. The zones worked and the course responded well. Such a concrete prediction had not been possible in this form so far. And that's exactly what we have to build up strategically first.

On the subject of volume, I have already made a statement and would like to show an example.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here are the details of 60 different brokers how high the volume was at a fixed time on Thursday lunchtime last week. The volume is calculated differently and is very flawed in the CFD area. If we were to equip the indicator with it, the values would definitely be wrong. This is a completely different matter with the futures, where I would like to take a closer look at such a calculation.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Project 4 is an interesting extension of the Bionic strength indicator. In addition to the strength of the individual zones, the Bionic supply and demand indicator also displays the supply and demand zones in color.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

An extension might look like this with the new indicator. This can be very interesting because within the offer zones in H1, zones of smaller or larger time units can be displayed. A graph can be captured faster than many numbers. And for a trader, time plays an important role in making correct trading decisions.

Summary:

We will consider a time-spanning consideration provided that it helps the dealer. All auxiliary indicators that I publish must be understood and explained concretely. The indicators have to work and provide the right data, which unfortunately takes time, but quality is more crucial than quantity. This can be seen very nicely at the car brand Mercedes. They do not always have the latest techniques, but what they produce is usually running. After all, they have invented the ABS and today every vehicle benefits. I am convinced that with this indicator we have also developed a kind of ABS system. But for that we need a precise interpretation.

Therefore I ask for leniency, quality has a high price and this high price is the time. Let's start working with the new supply and demand indicator this week and gain our first experiences. Improving is relatively easy after a production, it is crucial that there is once something that can be improved. And the fact that we can improve this project motivates me, because only things that have the future will be improved.

Thanks again for the great thoughts and ideas, they are already noted and saved. But we have to go one step at a time to be successful. Specifically, anyone can help by helping to accurately interpret the strength numbers. Everyone can learn from this in the blog and get ahead.

best regards

--- 帖子 #829 ---
Good evening, colleagues. Thank you Bionic for good words.

According to my suggestions to the indicator Zigzag - bionic from the last post. On the one hand, volatility is interesting for trading and cannot be ignored. On the other hand, it is not necessary to oversaturate the indicator. You can use separate indicators - Cumulative_Volume.mq5 ( MT5 only) and Aliev fx volumes V2 (Google). Then I'll tell you how to use them.
Attached Image

This is already very interesting, especially when the zones of purchases and sales coincide, especially near the levels. The more that you need to consider several options from M1-5, D1 - M15, etc. So it is easier to analyze the market and make the decision. And I will add that when trading using setups Price Action-doji, absorption, etc. Plus its operating time-a candle with a high value of the volume and a very low change in this value. In the figure below, these zones are marked - yellow is the minimum change in volatility-levels and zones of their own kind are formed.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

And I will add that when trading using setups Price Action-doji, absorption, etc. Plus its operating time-a candle with a high value of the volume and a very low change in this value. In the figure, these zones are marked in yellow-the minimum change in volatility-levels and zones of their own kind are formed.

With respect don Sergion.
Large become the fish that distinguishes the prey from the bait.

--- 帖子 #830 ---
[quote=DonSergion;11761344]Good evening, colleagues. Thank you Bionic for good words.

Hello DonSergion, dear subscribers,

I totally agree with you, that the indicator should not be overcharged. I think that you work very professionally in your field of knowledge and I respect that you attach great importance to the volume. For the reasons I have mentioned, I work in the CFD area without the volume information. And that's the decisive advantage of all traders who follow me in this blog. Every trader can find his individual strategy to be successful. I will never discuss with you whether you are right or wrong. Because in a random market, you can only do something right or wrong by random. This also applies to supply and demand. The only chance we have, is the chance to optimize in our favor. And that is possible.

With supply and demand, I have found my personal strategy that has worked in the past for whatever reason. Since I was wondering why it worked in the past, this blog was launched 11 months ago. Within exactly these 333 days, I was able to gain some experience and have been able to optimize my key performance indicators. I do not say that my way of trading is right, it is different in any case. More importantly, those who follow me on this blog will be helped to improve their future metrics. There are many ways to achieve the goal that can work and be successful, and I will continue to work with the Equilibrium to interpret and improve the indicators even more concretely.

Thanks again to all who support this blog, I am looking forward to another great cooperation with you.

Best regards

--- 帖子 #831 ---
Project 4 is online now!

Hello dear traders,

I was always hoping to be able to present the supply and demand in a clear chart one day. I think we have finally come one step closer to this wish. The new Bionic supply and demand Indicator is only a tool to identify potential supply and demand zones. The second step is a challenge to identify resistance zones. Today we talk about the first step.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

There are 3 concrete demand zones and 3 concrete supply zones in the EURUSD monthly chart from 1971 to today. Whether zone no. 7 actually develops into a concrete demand zone, is not certain at the present time. Within these 7 zones there are again subordinate supply and demand zones. Although we have been in a demand zone above 1.03 since January 2017, the price was rejected at 1.255 in Feb 2018 and has since fallen below in a subordinate supply market. However, demand Zone no. 7 is not yet confirmed and may still change.

It could be different, though. Demand Zone no. 7, which we've been in since January of 2017, is just a pullback and the no.6 supply market is still in the higher category. As soon as the price falls below the 1.03 level, green zone no.7 would disappear and you would see a wider zone no.6 on the chart. In any case, the sustainability of the demand market has been reduced while the sustainability of the supply market has increased. I assume that we are again in a demand market, but that is also pure speculation. The course runs in undulations up and down. With the Supply and Demand zones, I can capture the strength and sustainability of a trend. The greater the time unit, the more accurate statements can be made.

When a price moves lower in a supply market, demand must be greater than supply, so that a real turnaround can occur. The course case may be stopped by higher demand or a lack of further supply. Equilibrium is an interesting indication that supply and demand are balanced. However, this is no guarantee for a possible turnaround. For an upward or downward price, therefore, only an imbalance between supply and demand can always be responsible.

Future trend forecasts remain a major challenge.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here you can see the Bionic offer and demand indicator with the respective strength and the bionic chart.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Of course, the indicator can also be combined with the normal candle chart ....

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

... or with the line chart.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The supply and demand zones can be hidden ...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

... or stand alone in the chart.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Another alternative is two-color lines with the respective strengths. You see, the Bionic supply and demand indicator is very flexible.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I will introduce you to two different versions today.

The smBionics supply demand_v4.3 indicator forms the current zone only when the zone is fixed immutable. Possible errors are deleted by changing to another time unit.

The smBionics supply demand_v4.2 indicator depicts current zones, which can still change up or down at this time. As you know, the penultimate zone is always current and unchangeable. Since the indicator changes permanently in the current zone, it can sometimes happen that several numbers are displayed in the current area. We are still working on that.

If you combine the smBionics supply demand_v4.2 without numbers indicator with smBionics supply demand_v3.3, some problems are fixed and you have a recent ad. First call smBionics supply demand_v4.2 without numbers and then smBionics supply demand_v3.3.

Note:

This indicator is a help tool that helps you to identify your supply and demand zones. The indicator is not suitable for a trade entry. The indicator is delivered with the setting of 7/5/3. The colors can be changed. You can try the following settings: 24/12/6 or 12/6/3 or 8/4/2 or 7/5/3 or 4/2/1 and 3/2/1. In principle, the smBionics supply demand_v4.2 / v4.3 works like the smZigZag-Bionics_v3.3 only that the indicator has been extended by the colored zones. The attitude of the smZigZag Bionics_v3.3 I have already stated in the Post 673 concretely.

For this indicator, I recommend you again to read the post no. 789.

https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...7#post11677547

There you will receive important information on the strength of the supply and demand zones.

The indicator needs a significant performance depending on the number of bars you want to display. If you want to display all zones in the H4 from 1971, depending on the setting up to 20,000 supply and demand zones are drawn. That is very extreme. If you disconnect your chart from the internet for a short time then that will not be a problem anymore. Please note: If you want to display 20,000 bars from the indicator, these 20,000 bars must be in the history database, otherwise the screen will stay black.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In recent weeks, I have posted some charts whose resistance lines I have identified with this indicator. With the help of these lines one could perform some interesting trades. Also yesterday, the course touched two important zones befor a turnaround.

It will take a while to get the right strategy out of this, but I can confirm from my own experience that it pays off. Of course, I am not able to anticipate all the turnarounds, but in the short time that I have been working with the smBionics supply demand_v4.2 indicator, I have been able to identify more specific turnarounds.

This indicator is not a holy grail, but a tool to find resistance and support lines. For this step 2, I ask for your cooperation, because this is a project that is in the development phase. Now it is about the information of supply and demand to identify the possible trend reversals.

As it is important to interpret the information in this indicator correctly, we should not consider other indicators and focus exclusively on supply and demand.

I hope that the Bionics supply and demand indicator will help you and I look forward to your feedback.

best regards

Attached File(s)   Indicators supply demand.zip

98 KB
|
1,424 downloads

--- 帖子 #832 ---
Waow thanks. Will try immediately !!!

--- 帖子 #833 ---
Hello rosalieone,

I am very happy when I hit the mark with this supply and demand indicator. Due to the new representation of supply and demand arise very interesting charts for an overview in all time units, which I will introduce and publish the next few days.

All the best for the future.

best regards

--- 帖子 #834 ---
Hello Bionics and Equlibirum-Traders,

It was a pleasure reading your thread and learning about your view on the market causality. Your passion for trading is really inspiring and has given birth to some unique indicators.

As my first contribution to this thread I would like to share this indicator with you all. It removes the borders on your windows in the MT4 client, making it easier for you to use the screenspace more efficiently (the indicator was developed by mladen).
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I'm looking forward to test the new supply/demand indicator tomorrow.

Cheers, Chris

--- 帖子 #835 ---
[quote=areschris;11771699]Hello Bionics and Equlibirum-Traders, It was a pleasure reading your thread and learning about your view on the market causality. Your passion for trading is really inspiring and has given birth to some unique indicators.

Hello areschris,

First of all, many thanks for the words of praise. You really encourage us with your lines that we are on the right path with our way of identifying supply and demand zones. Although the ideas and conceptions come from me, but I would not have made it in time without the help of Swingman. This year I've taken my Oracle Certified Master in over 2,000 hours, to learn the basics of programming, but the MQL4 language differs from Java in many areas. But as a trader you are an eternal student.

The first crucial step was to understand how an indicator works. From this I can deduce how important this information is for me or if I need it at all. Basically, one must first understand how such an indicator is composed. The data entry of an indicator receives only price information, time information and the volume from interbank trading. From this information, very different indicators are then created. When I tried different indicators many years ago, I was often excited about how it works. However, if one is able to understand the calculation basis of some indicators, one is quickly disappointed and could have saved a lot of time.

The second crucial step is collecting and combining information that is important to me. This creates new forms of information that are of crucial importance to me as a retailer.

The third and final step is to create indicators that do not yet exist, and to obtain information that will give us additional arguments for our decision. And that's exactly what we achieved with the indicators we developed.

You got it straight to the point, passion is an important aspect to success. Without passion, there is no progress. While we must realize that in a random market, there can only ever be random results, we can try to optimize the probability in our favor. This is only possible with passion.

Many thanks for the great idea of the indicator "Toggle borders", mladen has implemented a very creative idea here, I'm really excited. The little things can sometimes be crucial. Through these creative programmers who are themselves traders many problems can be solved.

I think we are on the right track with this blog. We are far from finished and the journey has just begun. But we are getting better every day, and I hope that this blog will help all subscribers derive an effective benefit from it.

Thank you for the creative idea and a successful trading day

best regards

--- 帖子 #836 ---
Overview supply and demand in 8 time units

Hello dear traders,

I hope you have been able to work a bit with the new Bionic demand and supply indicator. Keeping track of all time units is a very important aspect for many traders, yet there is a challenge. The larger the period, the smaller the candles become, as you can see in the following example.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

200 candles in 8 different charts are very confusing. The crucial zones can not be recognized immediately. But there is a simple solution.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here you can see the supply and demand zones in 8 time units with a line chart. (same number of candles)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The same picture only without linechart. If you look at the new indicator a little bit, you'll see the benefit at a glance. In principle, from 200 candles we made about 20 supply or demand zones. This allows you to limit a large number of candles to the most important information and thus has a faster and more effective overview. The crucial zones are visible and you can see immediately if the course is in an important zone. The setting in the indicator is 7/5/3.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

With a larger setting 24/12/6 you can reduce the overview to 6-7 supply and demand zones, or even show you 600 candles. Thus, you immediately recognize which time units are in a supply market or demand market.

Of course I have everything prepared for you. In the Zip folder: Overview of supply demand there are 2 folders. Please load the two indicators into your MT4 and the folder: Supply Demand 8 Timeframes please put it in your Mt4 profile folder. Then you just call the Mt4 profile and you can start.

I hope that helps you a little bit further.

I wish you a great weekend

best regards

Attached File(s)   Overview of supply demand.zip

62 KB
|
867 downloads

--- 帖子 #837 ---
Extended overview

Hello dear subscriber,

Yesterday I presented an offer and demand overview in 8 different time units. Some traders also need a current price history. That's why you get an extended version today.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here, the bionic chart was combined with a supply and demand overview. While the last 7 candles are displayed in the Bionic chart, the supply and demand overview of the last 70 candles can be seen.

Through this kind of overview, the experienced trader immediately recognizes whether the current price of the Bionic chart is in a supply or demand market. This makes faster decisions possible.

Of course, this time I have prepared everything for you again. In the Zip folder: Overview bionic chart with supply and demand there are 2 folders. Download the two indicators into your MT4 and the folder: Bionic chart with supply and demand please put it completely in your MT4 profile folder. Then you just call the profile and you can start.

I hope that helps you a little bit further.

I wish you a great weekend

best regards

Attached File(s)   Overview bionic chart with supply and demand.zip

110 KB
|
995 downloads

--- 帖子 #838 ---
Hello dear traders, Hello bionics.
Many thanks to the author for the work done.

Now I am testing the trading system and it is coming to the final version. The result was a great option. At the end of the week I will tell you in detail about my trading system.

--- 帖子 #839 ---
[quote=DonSergion;11783821]Hello dear traders, Hello bionics. Many thanks to the author for the work done.

Hello DonSergion,

Thank you, I am convinced that our work has been worthwhile. We now have a framework that allows us to visualize supply and demand in the chart, which we can now build on. Here is a little example:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

From June 2017 to August 2017, we had a very strong demand market in the D1 chart. Within this very strong demand market, there were two very strong candle movements at points A and B. This resulted in two zones. You can see how well the price has reacted to this zone.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Now, looking at the current H4 chart, we can see (blue arrow) that in zone A has a very strong demand zone . This strong demand zone is a very good sign of a future further uptrend. Very interesting are the supply and demand zones if you look at them in smaller time units. I will publish some examples in the next few days.

I wish you another successful trading day and a nice evening.

best regards

--- 帖子 #840 ---
Sustainable zones are crucial

Hello dear subscribers,

Another nice example of what happened in the last 2 hours from 7:00 - 9:00 CET. To better represent the zones, I used a 5 sec chart.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Against 7:00 CET this morning, a strong and sustainable offer zone has formed at point 1 and the price has gone down. The course was then turned up. At point 2, a strong and sustainable demand zone emerged at the beginning of the uptrend. The price continued to rise and at point 3 there was also a strong demand zone which was not as sustainable as point 2. Due to the strong and sustainable zone at point 1, the course at point A has now been turned down. The course went straight into the strong and sustainable zone of point 2 and was again turned up. The price performance at point 4 was strong, but no longer sustainable. At point B, the course was again turned down.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

After that the course went down 18 pip. However, the price development was only strong but not sustainable. For that reason, things went up again afterwards. Nevertheless, the zone at point 1 still had an influence on the course.

Pay attention to how sustainable a zone is. The more sustainable the zone the more sustainable the subsequent trend.

I wish you a successful trading day.

Greetings

--- 帖子 #841 ---
The most efficient currency pair

Hello dear traders,

On the way to becoming a successful trader you have to make many decisions.

Which system do I use? Stock, Future, CFD or options? Which platform? Which broker? Personal money management. Optimal workplace design. Just to name a few things. When these key issues are resolved, it's essentially about what to trade? Commodities, stocks, indicia, or currency pairs, the offer is very diverse. For me the essential aspect was to find a market that is highly frequented. This is clearly the currency market. But within this currency market, there are an awful lot of currency pairs. Today I would like to show you how I proceeded in the selection of my optimal currency pair. If you want to dance and really party, you will rather choose a club or a nightclub which is highly frequented. Being alone on a dance floor will not be fun. It is the same in the foreign exchange market.

If you've ever traded stocks, you'll know that: you want to go to the market at a certain price, but at that price, there are no sellers. So you have to accept a higher entry price to get into the market. The whole thing will be extreme when the course goes down. You want to sell fast but there are no buyers who buy you your stock at this time. This has already cost many investors head and neck. The Forex market generates $ 6 trillion in sales each day. The six largest currency pairs (majors) of which manage just under 4 trillion dollars. Let's take a closer look at the majors.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

On the right side you can see the use of the individual currencies in the years 2001-2016 which were traded within different currency pairs. From 2001-2016, an average of $ 3.5 trillion per day was traded on the foreign exchange market. The dollar was always involved in 88% of the cases. The euro and the yen are also interesting for me.

On the left side are the six main currency pairs listed. With the dollar, the euro and the yen being the most widely used currencies, it is not surprising that EURUSD and USDJPY are among the most traded currency pairs. I have now examined the average pip in these individual currency pairs in seven time units from M1 to D1. For that I used the average of the last 1,500 candles in each time unit.

The term volatility refers to trading price changes over a certain period of time. The greater the extent of price changes, the higher the perceived volatility. Higher volatility currency pairs are considered riskier as price movements, whether down or up, are larger in comparison to similar, but less volatile, currency pairs.

It is striking that the volatility of the individual currency pairs are relatively close to each other with the exception of the GPBUSD. Here there is a deviation from the average over all time units of 50%. That's why this currency pair GPBUSD is the riskiest for me in the majors field. This leaves two currency pairs, EURUSD and USDJPY, with high liquidity. The volatility of the EURUSD over the measured period is about 20% higher than the USDJPY.

An average of 82 Pip per day, 14.5 Pip per hour and 1.5 Pip per minute are achieved in EURUSD per day. It does not matter if the price is up or down. Since the price fluctuates in seconds and the minutes candles do not always go up or down, you can roughly assume that between 4000 and 5000 pip per day in fluctuation in the EURUSD will be achieved. However, this is different from day to day. The USDJPY is therefore between 3,200 and 4,000 pip fluctuation.

Another important aspect for me is the unpredictability of the share price. Let's take 23 June 2016 as an example. On that day, the price went down sharply. EURUSD = 500 pip, USDJPY = 772 pip and GPBUSD = 1,760 pip. The most extreme example is certainly the EURCHF on January 15, 2015 with 2200 Pip within seconds. If you did not use a guaranteed stop there, it could be very bad.

Another very important point is the history database of the individual currency pairs. At EURUSD I have stored up to 54,000 candles. I am able to go back 1 month in the M1, 5 months in the M5, 15 months in the M15, 30 months in the M30, 60 months in the H1 and in the H4 and D1 47 years. This is excellent in terms of supply and demand, as I work with reference courses.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

As already stated, my main system is supply and demand and I think a traceable loss is preferable to an unexplainable gain. I have focused my screens exclusively on the EURUSD and receive up-to-date and very important information through my help indicators. A permanent switch to other currency pairs is eliminated and is therefore very relaxing. I have often traded the strongest currencies against the weakest currencies in earlier times, but I did not succeed as well as with supply and demand.

As we have already noted, there is no up and down in the EURUSD and therefore no middle. But there is demand and supply and, in the case of unity or uncertainty, equilibrium. The current price therefore has no relevance for me. In the same way, I do not pay attention to volume. In a market where there is no top or bottom, only the demand or supply is the limit. A price can never be oversold or overbought, so for me, indicators like the RSI are a relic of the past. The price always moves up or down in wavy lines, so I do not care if the EURUSD costs 0.50 or 1.60. We then earn money when we identify a demand market and get on time with a BUY order and exit at the latest when the price enters a strong supply market. We then earn money when we identify a supply market and get on time with a sell order and exit at the latest when the price enters a strong demand market. That's the only secret, but unfortunately that's not always that easy. We do not fight against other market participants in this market, but only against ourselves. When you enter into a trade, you should know in advance what will happen. With supply and demand that is conditionally possible.

If you have focused on a currency pair, there are a few days where the price is sideways or with less volatility. However, that's just an advantage if you're a scalper in terms of demand and supply. In these sideways markets, it's great fun to trade the ups and downs. Even though it is usually only 20 pip up and down.

Currency pairs are influenced by external factors that affect the value of the currency. The EURUSD is subject to fluctuations caused by different key interest rates, which are determined by the European Central Bank (ECB) and the Federal Reserve (Fed). Any market impact of the ECB to strengthen the euro would most likely lead to a rise in the value of the EURUSD. If, on the other hand, the Fed tried to strengthen the dollar by influencing the market, the value of the EURUSD would probably fall. Bigger pauses I only do when the Fed or ECB give out a new information. However, I can draw on the basis of the resulting extreme price movements again very interesting zones that are very important for the next few days.

The trading hours are optimal

There is less volatility between 06:00 and 08:00 CET, but it is always very interesting to trade, as there are often clear trends during this time. At around 08:00 CET, volatility rises, after which there is often a minor correction. I'm waiting a bit between 08:00 and 09:00 CET, with the London open, there is often a clear trend direction. From 9:00 - 11:30 CET you can make very interesting trades. It's often quieter between 11:30 and 13:30 CET. Time to relax. From 14.00 CET it will often continue with high volatility until sometimes 20:00 CET. I earn my pay between 6:00 to 11:00 CET, in the afternoon you can risk something. Outbreaks I rarely do. If I have identified a possible resistance zone and believe that the course goes through, I have to go in before. If it is a fake outbreak, I have earned nothing but nothing lost. When the course goes through, I did everything right.

Important: I do not pay attention to news, opinion from other traders and standard indicators during my trading. That would only dissuade me from the path.

Summary:

For each currency pair, other factors are more important than for equities or for gold. Behind it is always a variety of information, news and investor behavior. Keeping this in view for many currency pairs at the same time and being guided by it is impossible. The EURUSD is not necessarily an exciting currency pair, but a very reliable one. Security will never exist in this market, but if I compare all currency pairs, the EURUSD is one of the safest currency pairs I can trade. That does not mean that once in this currency pair there can be an extreme rash up or down. Here you can protect yourself only with a guaranteed stop or a professional trading account.

In the EURUSD, the price / performance ratio of liquidity, volatility, unpredictable price movements, data history, speed of entry and exit and the predictability of the price development are right. In the area of supply and demand for me the best recommendation.

The EURUSD is the most traded pair in the Forex market. It is commonly regarded as the most important and most liquid currency pair, as the euro itself is considered the world's second most important reserve currency (after the US dollar) and the second most traded on the forex market. These factors make it easier for me to make decisions. That's why EURUSD is my first choice.

I wish you a great weekend and a great start to trading next week.

best regards

--- 帖子 #842 ---
What happened if...? The mirror strategy!

Hello dear traders,

Today I would like to post something interesting for reflection. As we all know, more than 90% of all traders lose more money than they gain over time.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

This is confirmed by most brokers even in writing on their website. But why is that and is not there a quick uncomplicated solution? If you want to learn football in an association, you start a beginner course and work your way up through experience and dedication over the years. On the stock exchange or in the interbank market, there is unfortunately no beginner's course, every participant immediately plays in the Super Bowl and how that ends, is already on the website of the brokers. The fact that so many beginners dare to compete against the elite of the financial market is often due to the fact that advertising in the media makes trading very easy. When the Internet greatly simplified the stock market, trading was still a very complicated process. In order to make it easier for the beginner, indicators have been developed that should give the beginner a simple picture of the opaque market. The beginner is thrilled and looking at the past price history, it actually looks very easy. In addition, the profits and the prospect of a beautiful life beckon. But why does the dream come true for only a few?

The stock market and the interbank market are a bit comparable to the game Dodgeball, which certainly many know. Two teams play against each other with the aim of hitting the opponents' players with the ball so that they are eliminated in order. Agility, meeting and safety, endurance and speed are in demand. The playing field is the stock exchange, on one side are the buyers and on the other side are the sellers. The ball is the course price. If you hit the ball and the ball touches the ground after that, you are at a loss from the market. If you get hit by the ball and you catch it, you are still in the game or profit from the market. The ball is now thrown back and forth, the price goes up and down. The longer you are in the game, the higher the chance that you will be hit. When a big player enters the field, he never comes alone. Suddenly 100 men are on the field and all throw the ball at the same time on the opposing team. You think that's not fair?

Is it fair that a big player pushes the price up 30 pip and after pushs the price down 60 pips in seconds, so you were not able to make profits or close your stop? Everyone tries to play a game in a way that wins. Losing a game may be about honor, but in the stock market it's about a lot of money. The big players not only determine the market, but they are definitely the better players. From 250 trading days, Goldmann Sachs has been making 225 days profit and only losing 25 days.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I calculated this slide roughly. In 25 losing days, Goldman Sachs lost $ 775 million and won $ 13,950 million on 225 days. This is $ 31 million per loss day and $ 62 million per profit day.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Pay-off ratio

There are dealers who have a hit rate of less than 40% and still make a lot of money. The secret, they have optimized their payout ratio. It means making sure that the winners are bigger than the losers. A payout ratio of 0.2 means you'll need 5 winners in the event of a loss to get back to 0. A payout ratio of 1 means that if you lose, you need 1 winner to be 0 again. The lower the pay-off rate, the higher the probability of a total loss. Expected value = profit rate * (average income) - loss ratio * (average losers)

In our case, expected value = $ 52.7 million per trade, whether they win or lose. I think that makes clear which opponents we have to deal with. Should one be afraid of it now? No, but maybe a little more respect.

If you have 2 options (buying or selling) and in 90% of all cases wrong, you must do the opposite to improve your odds.

Maybe you know that: You are standing in front of a door trying to press it on. It does not work you realize that you have to pull the door. The trading is similar, the course is always against you. Whenever you want to pull the door, you realize that the door has to be pressed open or vice versa. When you stand in front of the mirror and take an object in your right hand, the mirror looks as if you have the object in your left hand. Take this principle once for a trial in the CFD area.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

We now assume that our test trader belongs exactly to this category, which suffers a loss in 90% of all cases. We reprogram his trading buttons. If he presses on buy a sell order is given up and if he presses on sell a buy order is given up. He works with the same stops as always and we expect his stops to be adjusted to the current volatility.

What will happen?

Possibly, profits will increase and losses will be reduced. The danger is that the test trader will eventually know that when he presses on buy, in fact, a sell order is abandoned and when he presses on sell, a buy order is actually abandoned. This can cause him to press buy if he really wants to sell or vice versa. Then he is back where he once started, at 90% loss. But the idea is not completely stupid. If the losses are higher than the profit, one would only have to consistently do exactly the opposite to succeed.

The big players know that most traders are predictable. However, if these traders would do the opposite of what the big players expect them to do overnight, something very interesting would happen. The traders would no longer be stopped at the crucial zones, but the big players would now take these traders on their journey up or down. As a result, the big players would not reach their destination so quickly. Whether they would notice immediately, I doubt, since very few traders would take such a strategy.

It would be interesting for some traders, who are affected by 90% loss, to try this strategy once. The first step, programming the buy and sell order bar. Then I would try this strategy with a demo account. Try that, you can not lose anything, just win.

I would not take part in it because I act differently anyway than most expect. This means I would lose more with the mirror strategy than I win. If I want to buy, I would like to also press the buy button and not have in mind that I actually have to press the sell button.

And that's what the secret of being a successful trader seems to be: doing exactly what you should not do according to the trading textbooks. Maybe that's a good sign if 90% of traders tell you that you're on the wrong path and that your path will never work. That's exactly why I took my own path many years ago and did not follow existing laws. So far, no strategic path has been developed to be success in the long term. At the moment, I would call my success pure luck, which is certainly favored by an "different than others Strategy". Decisive for me, it is my approach to describe concretely and to explain myself. This will take a while, because I have not am a member of FF for a long time to solve the mystery.

That 90% of all traders loosing, just proves that you have to do exactly the opposite to be successful. Perhaps the mirror strategy could be a short-term solution for some traders. I'm curious.

With a wink, I wish a nice weekend

Lovely wishes

--- 帖子 #843 ---
How to make a resistance zone smaller?

Hello dear traders,

Today I would like to show you how to determine and reduce concrete resistance zones with the help of the Bionics supply and demand indicator.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

We are in the D1, from May 2016 to December 2018, the Bionic supply and demand indicator is set to 8/4/2. At point A, you see a strong demand zone that pushes the price down. At point B, a strong demand zone followed, which brought the course up to point C. Thereafter, a sideways market was created with an Equilibrium.

Between point A and point C, we mentally draw a resistance zone because the supply market started there and the demand market was terminated there.

From June 20 to August 1, 2017, there was a very strong demand zone at point D. This demand zone was so strong that it severely disrupted our intellectual resistance zone. This Zone D is so strong that the price that will later go down in a supply market will accept this demand zone as resistance. And that is exactly the question, how can we determine the course of 12 November 2018 on the basis of the resistance zone D exactly. First we mark zone D with a blue background and then look at this zone in H1.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The blue background now represents our zone D. The zone has been stretched for a better overview. In this zone D we notice two very strong zones, which we mark with E and F. As we know, strong price movements always break through strong zones. Our task now is to find the concrete resistance zones of Zone E and F.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

First, let's take a closer look at Zone E. We can see by the yellow arrow that a very strong day candle breaks through a resistance zone. Since we can not pinpoint this resistance zone at this time, we take the entire bullish candle minus the last pullback.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

According to the same principle, we record a possible resistance zone within the demand zone F. Since we can not pinpoint this resistance zone at this time either, we take the entire bullish candle minus the last pullback.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

We now switch back to the overview D1. We can now see in this overview how the price reacts to our resistance zones. At point 1, the course is turned up. When the price of 1.255 goes down, it is exactly the second time that it is turned up in that zone. Afterwards, a sideways market develops, whereby this zone continues to react as a resistance zone. With point 3, a strong supply zone breaks through our resistance zone for the first time. In the direct connection at point 4, the course comes back again. At point 5, we can see very well how the resistance zone holds. Finally, at point 6, with a strong supply market, the price breaks through our zone. When returning, this zone is accepted at point 7 as a resistance zone down. Starting at point 8, the course enters our resistance zone at point E for the first time and has since been in a sideways trend.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Now, looking at this overview in H4, we see that our resistance zone E is 64 pip in total. In order to enter a reasonable trade here, we must reduce this zone significantly. Let's take a look at what we need to do to get the 12 November 2018 demand trend right.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

For this, let's take a look at our already drawn zone E in chart M 15. Here we can already see that the upward candle is already much smaller than our marked zone. However, we would not get a very big advantage.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

We stay in chart M 15 and change the setting of our indicator to 3/2/1. If we take a closer look at the course of 1.2 and 3, we can derive two concrete resistance zones from it. The strong upward candle at point 4 breaks through exactly this determined resistance zone. With this help, we are able to reduce the resistance zone from 64 pip to 12 pip.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Looking at Chart M 15 on November 12, 2018, we can see how exactly our zone; the price was turned and goes up. Our guess was correct.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In chart H1 we now look at the complete process. In the lower section you can see how we have reduced the resistance zone from 64 pip to 12 pip. So far we know that within the yellow zone there is a very strong demand zone. Now we can determine a possible offer zone according to the same principle. Here we work out two zones A and B. The zone B is 140 pip away and would have brought a risk-profit ratio of 1:12, while the point A would be 260 pip away and would have brought a risk-profit ratio of 1:21. Basically, I do not recommend completely exhausting the resistance zones. Personally, I would always plan my exit somewhat below these zones.

Of course you can also reduce the zones a bit, in which you can view the zones in the M5 or M1. As a result, the stop can be significantly reduced again. The only problem with that is that it will cause more supply zones that confuse me once more.

Anyway, it's a question of risk taking and how long you want to stay in the market to reach a specific goal. The longer you are in the market, the higher the likelihood of loosing some of the profits again. Nevertheless, you realize that you can choose concrete trades with the help of supply and demand , usually a few days before. By determining supply and demand zones, not only the stop but also, specifically, the risk-profit ratio can be determined. Thus, I can see at a glance whether the trade is worthwhile or not.

Unfortunately, not all trades can be planned so well, but it often helps, if I know within which trend phase I am. As a result, trades can be planned more efficiently. I am aware that this procedure is very complex, but I find it very exciting if you have the freedom to choose your trades. With demand and offer that is conditionally possible.

I wish you a nice evening

best regards

--- 帖子 #844 ---
Hello Bionics,

In the zip file of post 833, there is the indicator "69FT Line Chartex4",

it doesn't work when I put it on a graph,

What does he trace?

please tell me how to install it

Thank's

--- 帖子 #845 ---
Hello Mchl13,

It is Post 813, I've searched now and did not understand what you mean. It is a line indicator with which you e.g. the high and low can show. Here you can get information and download the indicator.

https://www.mql5.com/de/market/product/11210

best regards

--- 帖子 #846 ---
The secret of the supply and demand zones

Hello dear subscribers,

With our project number 4 we succeeded for the first time in presenting supply zones and demand zones in color on the charts. In order to gain an advantage and to prepare concrete trades, this is what we are going to talk about today.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

On the picture you can see the EURUSD in the daily chart. Once I deliberately renounced the candles and only drew the supply zones and demand zones. Between March 2016 and December 2018, you will see point A as a strong and highly sustainable demand market. Within 37 days, the price has risen by 790 pip.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I have now enlarged this demand zone and inserted the day candles with the Bionic Chart. On the left side you can see the typical Bionic Chart on the right side of the Bionic Chart in a simpler presentation. (Without pullback you can see the highs and lows faster.) Within a supply or demand market, there are strong and weak zones. When the market returns to a supply zone at the end of the demand market and goes down again, the strong zones of the previous demand market are crucial as they have a very high resistance potential. You have to imagine this as a magnet if you try to bring two identical magnet zones together. These zones repel, and the stronger these zones are, the sooner the repulsion of the magnets occurs.

Within this demand market I have marked the two strongest zones. These are two very strong day candles. However, this should be considered as a rough example, because the zones with 180 Pip are not small. Of course, they still need to be downsized, how it work, I will concretely show. After we have drawn the coarse zones, we now go back to the overview and look at how the course reacts on or in these zones.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

We are now in the overview from June 2017 to December 2018 in the daily chart. The areas A and B marked by us were marked by me with a blue zone. The reaction of the course to these resistance zones is very interesting and I already have write about it. In another strong demand market the course ran to 1.255, there was also another strong resistance zone. At point C, I have drawn this once and also here you can see very nice how the course reacts. At the time, that was proof to me that these supply and demand zones are influencing a future course. Let's take a look at how we can actually use these zones to our advantage.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

We remain in the EURUSD Daily Chart from August 2017 to December 2018, and on October 16, 2018, a supply market will emerge that will drop 320 pip within 13 days. Then a demand market begins. Let's take a closer look.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

You see at point A the beginning of the supply market, which runs to point B. Then there is a demand market and we are now between point B and C. The price will now go to point C and we go in with a sell limit order. However, at the present time we do not know yet how far the price will go up. For this reason, within the supply market (between points A and B) we now have to pick the strongest zone to determine point C. We mark the yellow bordered zone and look at this zone in H1.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Within this supply market, there are now three strong and sustainable supply zones. Zone A has a magnitude of 3.4, Zone B has a magnitude of 4.8, and Zone C has a magnitude of 2.2. We now mark the strongest zone with two yellow dashed lines. In the overview we can realize that exactly within this zone the course was rejected again. However, 110 pip are a very large range that we need to downsize in order to be profitable.

We now have several options to reduce this 110 pip. Let's stay in H1 first and draw a line based on the past zones. We pay attention to the resistances to the right and left of our strong zone. Of course we do not know at this time whether this line is correct. Since the zone B is the strongest zone, we mark the zone and change first to the overview M5.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

We are now in zone B of the H1 in the M5. At point A, we see that the strong supply zone, which runs from top to bottom stops exactly in our marked zone. After that, an equilibrium is created. Point B creates a demand market. Point C is the strongest zone in this supply market. You realize that the course from point A to point D is in a large equilibrium (blue frame). Only from the point D, the price goes down sharply, just out of our zone. Unfortunately we can not use the M1 because it only goes back a month. So we have to change the settings of the indicator.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

We are still in Zone B from the H1 Chart (Picture # 6). With the setting 7/5/3, there are now three new zones. Let's take a closer look at the strongest zone Z.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

On the left side we manage to limit our entry line to 10 pip with the help of Zone Z at a setting of 7/5/3. On the right side we have reduced the setting to 3/2/1. This succeeds in reducing the entry level to 3 Pip. Decisive here is the strong candle (in the yellow arrow) breaks through our zone. With this approach, we would have caught the supply market down correctly. Achieving a profit of 280 pip with a 3-10 pip risk is a highly interesting thing, even if the procedure is a bit of a hassle. However, whether you win 280 Pip depends on how long you are willing to stay in the market and take the risk of being stopped by a strong breakout.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Of course, everything does not always go so smoothly, it is important to pay attention to how the market moves. But there are relatively simple tools. In the following overview you can see a very strong supply market at point A with a strength of 57.4. I have drawn this zone once in green and you can see very well that the course has never managed to overcome this zone upwards.

At point B, the price is 71.7 down. Also, I have marked this zone and so far, the course has not yet managed to overcome this zone up. Crucial now is that the course comes in such a strong demand zone that he can overcome the A and B zone.

This is a good deal of work and I admit that it is certainly easier to trade with a moving average. However, the question is whether this is so profitable.

Try it yourself, you starts best with past courses, because there you have a result immediately. It will take a while to get this done, but I'm convinced it's worth it. If you want to be profitable, you have to be ready to do something for it. The best thing about this approach is that you can actually choose the best trades that promise an interesting risk-reward ratio.

You need a bit of practice, but that's just like driving a car the more often you do it, the better you can do it.

I wish you a successful trading day and a nice evening

best regards

--- 帖子 #847 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Hello dear trader, hello dear subscriber,

With Christmas, the year is slowly coming to an end and for many people is now time for a review of the past 12 months. Health, a happy partnership, family, financial independence, enjoying life, having good friends and having a job that is fun and safe are among the most important wishes in people's lives.

Unfortunately, life does not always go according to plan and every now and then there are a few shards. But the most important thing in life is hope: every day we have the chance to start over.

I wish you a wonderful Christmas with your family, health, a lot of joy and a happy new year 2019 with the prospect that all your wishes come true.

Merry Christmas 2018

--- 帖子 #848 ---
Determine specific trend reversals

Hello dear subscribers,

Over the last few days, I have analyzed zones based on the supply and demand indicator and have been able to determine some specific trend reversals and their lengths. However, I need to more concrete statements and further attempts to derive a legality from it. Let's take a closer look at the supply and demand zones.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here is a comparison between a H4 candle chart and the Bionic supply and demand market indicator within two years. Individual candles, no matter in what time unit, are in principle only a small snapshot within the entire price history. The Bionic supply and demand market indicator translates these individual price developments into supply and demand zones. These zones are different in width and high. You can clearly see that the supply and demand market indicator gives clearer signals and information than the pure candle chart. If you know how to interpret these signals correctly, you can use them to derive future supply or demand zones.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Let's take another look at different trends. The wider a zone, the more sustainable but weaker the trend. The higher the zone, the stronger the trend, but less sustainable.

Strength

The strength of a trend is determined by how high a trend is within a short time. Strong and short-term trends often indicate a pullback. These strong trends are often required to break strong resistance zones.

Sustainability

The sustainability of a trend is determined by the extent to which a trend runs over a longer period of time. If a trend goes down over a longer period of time, it means buyers have not objected within that time. And it also means that there were no major resistance zones, otherwise the course could not give way over that long period of time. This sustainability is a very decisive factor for me

Conclusion: The narrower a zone is, the more likely it is to be considered a pullback, and the wider a zone, the more likely it is to attribute to a trend. Alone from this information, one can derive many future movements. In principle, this is just a translation of the current price in supply and demand.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Let's take a look at the price trend in the daily chart from 2012 to 2018. At point A, we see a strong and sustainable trend. Shortly before point B, a strong bullish pullback ensues, followed by a strong supply zone. This is a typical future resistance that I once dyed blue. After that, the course went to the lower blue resistance zone. Point C created a strong demand market. At that moment, one could assume that the price would not go down too much. With point D, once again a stronger supply market was introduced, which brought the price a little deeper into the blue zone. Point E was finally the clear confirmation of a strong upward trend. The uptrend from point G was strong and sustained, but failed at point B's strong blue zone. With a smaller shot you can clearly see that from point H the downtrend was obvious. After that, the course went to resistance zone F, where it was twice rejected. Zone K is now a good sign of a possible further uptrend.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here we see the same price development in a smaller setting. This makes the information even more accurate and concrete.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

We now switch once to the smallest setting 3/2/1. We will now take a closer look at the course of the price within the yellow box. After a strong supply market, a strong demand market was created, which eventually brought the price up to 1.255.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

At points A and B, we are already seeing the first signs of a future demand market. Nevertheless, the course went a bit down. From point C, the breadth of the demand zones was clearly in the advantage and the price moved upwards. On the way up you can watch how the supply zones are getting wider and wider. That's an indication that things are going downhill soon. With point D, another supply market was launched, but it was caught by the strong demand market. After the strong demand market at point C, they see the price being pushed down in the form of strong pullbacks (blue arrows). After the demand market from point E, the pullbacks are then not quite as strong. Point G and H are then a clear confirmation of another strong upward trend.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In December 2018, we are in a similar situation, facing a big turnaround. Now let's take a look at the course within the yellow box.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Already at the beginning of June 2018, there were the first signs of a possible upward trend at points A and B. After the price had gone down again, point C produced another strong demand market. The strong supply market at point D finally pushed the price even further into the blue zone. The crucial clue was the demand zone at point E. This zone has not been broken yet. We recognize again very strong bearish pullbacks. This could, as in the previous example, be a good sign that we are already back in the upward trend.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Every turnaround has a zone that is responsible, that's the so-called reference price for me. So, if there's an uptrend, I'll find the strongest zones in the downtrend that occurred before, identifying possible reversals. In addition I have brought in the previous contributions some examples. Of course, this is a major effort, but you can also catch exactly the reversal points with this strategy. By zooming down into smaller time units, the stop can be reduced to 3 pip, significantly increasing the risk-reward ratio.

In my previous attempts, I was surprised how exactly I could determine these zones. It was even more interesting, however, to recognize the next turnaround. With this one could directly determine the risk profit ratio. On the 24th of December there was very little volatility in the market, yet I was able to reach over 66 pip profit in just under 5 hours with 2 trades with a total risk of 7 pip. The only risk was the long time, but I was lucky. How I proceeded exactly and the zones have been determined, I will post in the next few days.

I wish you a Merry Christmas.

best regards

--- 帖子 #849 ---
Happy Holidays to all here.....

--- 帖子 #850 ---
Identify trend reversals

Hello dear subscriber,

As already announced, I would like to explain my Christmas trades and how I determined the required zones in advance. Actually, I intended to enter 3 trades, but my 2nd trade ended at 4:00 pm CET on Christmas and we wanted to celebrate.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

On December 21, 2018, we recognize in Point A that the price has gone down sharply in a supply market. Already at point B you can see that the bulls are slowly getting ready to bring the course back up. With point C, the course was finally pressed down further. On December 24th, point D created a sustainable demand market. This led to the conclusion that the price will move slowly upwards. Specifically, at points E and F, we see that the price has moved to a slightly stronger resistance zone and has been pushed down again. At 9:00 CET, there was a strong demand market and you can see that the price had broken the strong resistance zone of E and F points. That was the moment for me to prepare three interesting trades. First, the course at resistance zone R2 had to be turned down. In order to find a suitable entry point down here, you had to get more involved with Zone C. Within zone G there was a strong resistance zone to push the course up again. To know how far the price would then go upwards, I had to look for a resistance zone within offer zone A. The goal was to trade from resistance zone R2 to resistance zone R1. Additionally, I wanted to trade up from resistance zone R1 to resistance zone R3. A possible trade 3 should then go down from the resistance zone R3. I could not calculate the zones yet because the demand market had not yet been created for it.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

To properly prepare these trades, the three zones A, B and C were crucial to me. First, I chose the strongest price in these three zones and plotted that zone. In addition, I marked the three crucial zones as I wanted to reduce the attitude of the Bionic supply and demand indicator.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Now the setting in M5 has been reduced to 3/2/1. At point C there was no change, in the next zone at point B there were two decisive zones that were strong, but I was able to take zone D out already, as the course had already gone down and was already rejected. That made me realize that only Zone B can still be decisive. In zone A, I have already drawn the strongest zone, here, first of all, nothing had to be changed. Then I switched to the M1 and have looked at the individual zones there.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

We start first with zone A. Within the strong demand market we see a very strong candle. Within this candle, the future price is turned up again. To reduce the risk, I had to reduce this zone. At point 2 you can see very nicely how the course is turned down. At point 3 there are two strong candles, one candle up and then a candle one down. These candles break through a strong invisible resistance zone, so the crucial zone actually had to be inside those two candles. This would have allowed me to move the lower resistance zone up a bit, reducing the risk to 1 pip. The risk was a bit too big for me and I wanted to give the course a little more leeway. Later I realized that this idea worked exactly. 3 pip risk was definitely not too much.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Zone B was all about finding an optimal entry point down. The blue border marks my found zone 8/4/2 in the M5. Within this zone there were two strong zones with points 1 and 3. However, Zone 1 was no longer fresh for me as it has already been active with demand zone 2 before. This left me only the zone 3 left. The deciding factor was the small bullish candle (yellow arrow) just before the price went down. If I had set my two resistance lines exactly on this small candle I would have been picked up exactly. But here, too, I wanted to give the course some scope and with 3 pip risk, I was also in my frame.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Now I wanted to know how far the course would go upwards before being turned down again. It is very nice to see that within offer zone 1 the strongest candle was at point 2. Points 3 and 4 were crucial for me to reduce the resistance zone. Starting at point 4, the price has gone down. With point 5, the price has not managed to get into this resistance zone, so there was no reason to change the lower resistance. 4 pip risk was again in the frame. With that I had planned two possible trades already 1 hour before the course came to my first zone.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

At 11:19 CET, my sell limit was triggered, but it only took 14 minutes for the price to go down. In total, it took 107 minutes to close the trade with 21 pip. At the same time, a buy limit order was opened and the price moved up relatively quickly. After 160 minutes the trade ended with 45 pip. I was wondering if I should place a sell limit order again, but I refrained from doing so as it was already very late. Had I placed this limit order I would have been stopped off as you can see nicely because I had not calculated the zone correctly. So I was lucky again. With a risk of a total of 7 pip including spread to earn a profit of 66 pip was made by a good Christmas gift. After that, the price went down by just 35 pip within 50 minutes. I would not have expected so fast at Christmas time. Volatility was very low at that time, so I was willing to stay in the market for more than 4.5 hours and make the two trades.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

There were three trades in the room, trades A and B I have received, at C I would probably have been stopped because I had calculated the line incorrectly. Although I achieved a risk-profit ratio of 1: 6 with Trade A and a risk-profit ratio of 1:13 with Trade B, I was far too long on the market. You know the longer you are in the market, the higher the chance to be stopped by a break out, or to give back a large part of its profits.

Trade C would have been the optimal trade in our case, 35 pip in 50 minutes. That's equivalent to 0.7 pip per minute. Therefore, it is crucial to choose the trades from the outset, have a high risk-profit ratio and achieve their goal within a very short time. Unfortunately, only limited market volatility can be predicted.

So I can say that I took a very high risk. But I did not expect high volatility, I'm glad that I was fortunately not stopped. I think you realize that it is relatively easy to determine the crucial zones, but I still believe that much is due to chance or luck. However, I will continue to work on it and see how the prediction of the Bionic supply and demand indicator develops. So far, it looks very promising in any case.

Try it yourself, I look forward to your feedback.

I wish you a successful trading day and I look forward to a successful new year with you.

best regards

--- 帖子 #851 ---
EURUSD past = future?

Hello dear subscriber,

The year 2018 is over and with a close of 1.14403 the EURUSD says goodbye to the old year. At the end of the year 2018, I would like to take stock of the situation and see if it will make a possible forwardlooking for the coming year. Last year, I assumed that the price would pick up faster, but I did not have the interesting overview of the Bionic supply and demand indicator and the Bionic chart at this point. Although you can not predict the future with these tools, there are many starting points that make trading easier.

Exactly 48 years ago, the first price calculation in EURUSD was made on 04.01.1971. These are 576 monthly candles, 2,448 weekly candles, 12,607 day candles and 38,564 different H4 candles. There is no currency pair that has more information and that's why I like to work with the EURUSD.

The course of a price is basically random, you can only work with probabilities to derive possibly a profitable trade. Why today can weather forecasts be predicted more accurately than a few hundred years ago? This is due to the huge amounts of data available today and from which one can draw certain conclusions. Of course, weather forecasts are not always accurate, but the more data records are available, the more accurate hit rates are possible.

We want to check whether it is possible to calculate or predict a future price from past data.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Although I used annual candles during the course of the stock market from 1971 to today (Figure A), Figure B gives me much more information through the Bionic supply and demand indicator. We will talk about this in detail next year. On the right-hand side, we see the two developed auxiliary indicators (bionic supply and demand indicator and bionic chart) in operation for the year 2018. Here we see how the demand market has increased in relation to the supply market in the last 2 months. From that we could assume for 2019 another demand market.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I once created an interesting calculation. This is about the annual range (high-low) of EURUSD. In the last 48 years 25 times the bulls and 23 times the bears have the nose ahead. On average, a demand market managed 1717 Pip, while a supply market averaged 1914 Pip. The graph shows how the demand and supply markets have changed. You can clearly see that in the last five years four times the supply market had the nose ahead. In 2018, the supply market, at 1341 Pip, was 30% below the average. From this one could assume a possible demand market for the year 2019.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Let's leave the annual range of high and low and deal specifically with supply and demand in the form of uptrends or downtrends. From 1971-2018 I once drew the main trends with the respective strength in Pip. Here it is noticeable that the average demand market was at 3600 pip while the average supply market reached 3100 pip. Interestingly, the smallest trend had reached at least 1300 pip. If you look at the entire course as a whole, it is noticeable that all previous supply markets can be regarded as pullback in principle, since the price has basically moved upwards since 1971. Of course, there were up and down trends within the price history. It's interesting to point out that trends between 1300 pip and 3000 pip pullbacks represent, movements above 3000 pip a true trend. If we followed this principle, we would still be in a downward trend.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Now let's take a closer look at these trends. There is no temporal division, as a trend is not oriented to months or years. The supply and demand markets have been evenly distributed over the past 48 years. While the demand markets reached 47,100 pip, the supply markets added up to 40,800 pip. Figure A compared the strength of the two markets. Figure B shows the respective difference from the demand market to the supply market graphically. Here you immediately notice a repetition of the lines. Based on this presentation one could have the assumption that the year 2019 brings a further upward trend.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The basic past trend of the past 48 years is bullish and has moved in a range of 10,700 pip. From the first price record in 1971 until the end of 2018, the price has increased by 6,300 Pip. This means that in 2018 he achieved about 60% of the overall rank. On average, the price has risen by 1,002 pip per year and dropped by 868 pip at the same time. Based on this consideration, one could expect a further increase.

We once calculated that the volatility of the price reached on average per minute between 3,000 and 5,000 pip per day. Now assuming 250 trading days per year and assuming 4,000 pip per day, that would be a cumulative volatility of 1,000,000 pip per year. However, since the price has risen on average by only 134 pip during this time, one could conclude that the price is mostly in a sideways range in most of the time. This increases the likelihood that it could continue in the future. Incidentally, that's one of the reasons why I became a Scalper. In a market that consists almost entirely of sideways movement, long-term trend trading is too risky and unprofitable for me.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Normally, the movements build on each other and give the typical graph that we know from the month chart from 1971 to today. I have not cumulated the flow of trends so they are running around a zero point. From this graph, one could also assume that the next trend could be an uptrend. However, we do not know at the moment if the last downtrend is actually over.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I have shown these trends once with bars. If the last downtrend is completed, a higher uptrend would be expected. But even this assumption is purely speculative, since the last red bar could also extend.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Point A and B was the beginning of a strong demand market. Whether point C can become a stronger demand market again is open. If we look at this trend C in our well-known overview, it looks at first glance very logical. The only problem is that at the moment we can not say if the last downtrend is actually over. The fact is that we can expect an upward trend again after the end of a downtrend. Unfortunately, we never know if the current trend is actually a trend or a pullback.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

It is therefore very difficult to determine what will happen in the future. What we know with great certainty is that the market is always on the move and that a price basically moves up and down in undulations. In addition, we also know that a trend (with our attitude) has moved up or down by at least 1300 pip. However, this is also due to the attitude of our indicator. But that is no guarantee for the future. A trader needs movement to derive a trade and this movement is definitely there.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

We realize that you can not make a binding statement about a future price development. One can indeed make a statement, if this statement occurs, however, is pure coincidence. Regardless of whether one balances individual currency strengths in the market, observes news, applies technical analysis, is influenced by analysts or acts purely on indicators, the result remains a coincidence. Thus, all statements made to the trade are, no matter whether they sound logical or not a mere random product. Neither science nor logic is able to create order in a random market. Therefore, I believe that such a random market can only be countered with its own chaotic strategy. Computer technology and algorithms are successful when the necessary capital is available to strongly influence markets. It is clear that discussing about a random market would not help, so every trader must seek his optimal path.

In fact, it does not matter if we have a supply or demand market, because within these different markets, there are up and down trends again, always moving up or down in undulations. Even if we knew that at the end of the year the price would be 1.35, we would not benefit from it. The background is, we do not know how far the price is going down. So if we were to trade in January at 1.145, it could happen that the price goes down to 1.122 before moving back into an uptrend. Crucial is exactly what happens at this moment. That's exactly what the Bionic Supply and Demand Indicator was developed for. The graphic presentation gives us important information about how strong a supply market or demand market has been in the past. From this we can roughly deduce what could happen next. Of course, this is not a guarantee, but the hit rate is over 50% and that is a crucial factor for long-term profitability. In 2019, we will deal with this topic in concrete terms and get to know many different examples. At first glance this looks very complicated, but the more often you deal with it the easier it gets. The goal of every trader is profitable trading, I am convinced that our way of dealing with supply and demand can make a big contribution.

I sincerely wish you to find a possible way to make it even more successful next year.

best regards

--- 帖子 #852 ---
Once again (previous post on this blocked by the  FF moderators).  Can someone stop this nonsensical euro review dating back from 1971

while the Euro only exists for 20 years).

https://www.bloomberg.com/graphics/2..._medium=social

--- 帖子 #853 ---
The benefit of wisdom is that someone can pretend he's stupid.
The opposite is more difficult.

Kurt Tucholsky

I wish you all a happy new year 2019

--- 帖子 #854 ---
Thanks,

Happy new year to you !!!

All the best

--- 帖子 #855 ---
Only a miracle ...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Tess a magical eight-year-old, went into her room and pulled a glass jam jar from the hiding place in the closet. She poured all the money on the floor and counted it carefully - three times. The entire sum had to be exactly the right one. Carefully she put the coins back in the glass, close the lid on and slipped out of the back door. She walked six blocks down to the Drug Store with the big red Indian chief on the sign above the door.

Patiently she waited until it was her turn. "Well, little lady, how can I help you?" Asked the pharmacist. I want to buy a miracle, Tess replied. A miracle, asked the pharmacist? My little brother Andrew is very ill, something bad is growing in his head, and my dad says that only a miracle can save him. What does such a miracle cost? "We do not sell miracles here, little girl. I'm sorry, but I can not help you, 'said the pharmacist.' Listen, I have money to pay for it. And if it's not enough, I'll get the rest. Just tell me how much it costs.'

Behind her stood a well-dressed man. He leaned down and asked the little girl, 'What miracle does your brother need?' 'I do not know,' Tess answered, her eyes filling with tears. 'All I know is that he is really sick and Mommy says he needs surgery. But my daddy can not pay her, so I want to take my money. 'How much do you have?' asked the man. 'One doller and eleven cents,' Tess answered barely audibly. 'And that's all the money I have, but I can get more if I have to.'

Well, what a coincidence, 'smiled the man. 'One dollar and eleven cents - exactly the price for a miracle for little brothers.' He took her money in one hand and with the other hand he grabbed hers and said, 'Show me where you live. I want to see your brother and meet your parents. Let's see if I have the miracle you need.'

This well-dressed man was a surgeon specializing in neuro-surgery. The surgery was done for free, and it was not long before Andrew was back home and fine. Mom and Dad happily related the events that had happened so well. 'This operation,' whispered her mom, she was a real miracle. I would like to know what it costs. '

Tess smiled. She knew exactly how much a miracle costs ... a dollar and eleven cents ...

I wish you a happy new year 2019 and keep my fingers crossed that in this year all your wishes come true.

Lovely wishes

--- 帖子 #856 ---
Hi All,

Happy new year 2019 !!! May we all get green pips in this coming year ....

Any body know what happened today (some hours ago) ?? some of the major currency going weak so crazy (esp. AUD) against USD, do not see any news or logically Reason about what happened today, and some of big banks are closed ...

How to Solve the characteristic like this ? i don't think that we can Predict this before ... it is im\possible isn't it ??

hmm ... may be must be back home soon, to finish my old homework that not really done right yet

--- 帖子 #857 ---
JUST READ YOUR ARTICLE SIR VERY WELL EXPLAINED REALLY HAPPY AND LUCKY TO BE ASSOCIATED WITH SMART , INTELLIGENT AT THE SAME TIME KIND AND SHARING PERSON LIKE YOU ..THANK YOU FOR EVERYTHING

--- 帖子 #858 ---
Hello HumbleLearne,

Thank you for the flowers and your kind words. With all my heart I wish you all the best this year and that all your heart's desires come true. I am pleased that you are there and believe that this year we will again learn many new things that will bring us forward significantly.

best regards

--- 帖子 #859 ---
[quote=newhope;11840394]Hi All, Happy new year 2019 !!! May we all get green pips in this coming year ....

Hello Newhope,

first of all a happy new year 2019 I wish you this year a lot of success in the trade and that all your wishes come true.

The problem on the stock exchange or in the interbank market is that one unfortunately only smarter afterwards. Unfortunately, such things can not be calculated or predicted in advance. Many price movements are never dependent on news or market situations, but are based on opinions of individual traders or institutions. It is always interesting what explanations the press finds after such course jumps. That sounds logical, but to find out the true reason, you would have to ask all traders why they acted that way. Each dealer will probably have other reasons for doing so and many will not know it anymore.

For that reason even insider knowledge does not help much today because you never know how the market reacts to it. On the stock exchange, an unexpected earnings message can also cause a fall in price as investors do not believe that such a return can be repeated. Similarly, a profit warning can provide a rising price because investors believe in the company. Likewise, Fed or ECB actions have a positive or negative impact on currencies.

We work in a market that does not act logically. Because if everything was logical, most could understand it and thus the market would be predictable. And unfortunately he is not. Maybe one could also say, luckily it is not logical and therefore it is profitable for the traders who do not approach the market with logic.

The price was 70 pip down and 70 pip up today, was that the shutdown or was it due to other reasons? Although a shutdown weakens the dollar for a moment, it does not strengthen the euro. The US is one of the richest countries in the world, so you do not go bankrupt because of a shutdown. In the last 42 years there have been 20 shoutdowns in the US and they are still among the most powerful countries in the world. Of course, this has an impact on the EURUSD, but unfortunately we just do not know when and in which strength.

While supply and demand can not predict unexpected sharp downward price movements, it is possible to see where buyers can possibly re-enter the market. And this approach is worth a lot if you only move in the market for a short time. Why are the high frequency traders today so dangerous for all traders? Because they complete their trades within a few minutes. They are not predictable. Being Scalper is dangerous, but very effective in mastering this type of trade. I do not trade and wait as it develops, but I know in advance where to go in and get out. What happens after that I do not care. I'm not annoyed if I lose and I'm not angry because I'm out too early. My only goal is to be better at the end of the month than at the beginning of the month.

What would we do if we knew that we can not fail?

We can not prepare for this market or develop strategies that help us. Many go with a dinghy on the sea and see what happens. I also go out to sea, but mostly only in good weather. When a storm comes up, I'm waiting in the safe harbor for the next ray of sunshine. Certainly I will never be billionaire with this attitude, but I never go bankrupt.

No matter what happens in the market, the hardest job of a trader is to find his right way. Maybe supply and demand will help you a bit, but it takes a lot of time and nerves to find your way. Do not despair and believe in yourself, you come every day a little further. And just then, when you think you're moving backwards, you've really taken a huge step forward. The problem of us traders is, that nobody tell us.

I wish you a lot of success and stay on the ball.

best regards

--- 帖子 #860 ---
Happy birthday dear Equilibrium

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Hello dear subscriber,

exactly one year ago on 05.January 2017 at 0:13 CET this blog was launched. The main reason was that in the many years before I did not find any information about my way of trading Equilibrium worldwide. Since I was successful with supply and demand for many years, I wanted to optimize my approach. In Germany, I had never opened a blog, because sometimes the prevailing communication did not seem targeted enough. So I chose the largest blog worldwide for successful traders. Forex Factory had almost 500,000 members at that time. Considering that there are approximately 40,000 private traders in Germany, the chance for FF was much higher with a blog to find many like-minded people to optimize the strategy of supply and demand.

The first time I came into contact with the industry, you had to order shares by telephone over the banks. It became interesting when the first CFDs were launched in the UK in autumn 1998. The trading model had already been tested at the beginning of the 1980s, when institutional investors resorted repeatedly to differential transactions to hedge larger positions. Through the development of CFDS for private investors, interest in CFDs around the turn of the millennium increased rapidly. In the meantime, CFDs are traded for a wide range of market segments and are one of the most popular investment products in the country of origin Great Britain.

CFD trading offers many benefits to traders and retail investors

Trading on rising and falling prices
24 hours trading
Higher leverage, less capital investment
Different markets are trading
Different order types
No day trading requirement / minimum capital
No ownership or voting rights to shares

This type of trading offers a number of unique features that are different from traditional investment accounts. Depending on the investment style and risk tolerance, trading in CFDs can be a very flexible and cost-effective solution, but the risk should not be underestimated. Over the many years, the first thing I wanted was to get the system tailored to me in order to make more profits than losses in the market. That was supply and demand. After that, the right market had to be found. These were the majors. And finally with the introduction of the ESMA regulations, the right broker had to be found. That was an ECN broker. In order to optimize my trading system I needed a suitable platform. That was Forex Factory. Overall, these are the ideal conditions for me to have a realistic chance in this shark tank.

Within the first year at Forex Factory are using this blog: The Equilibrium, a key to success! some interesting things happen.

There was a thread opened
580 posts were published by me = 50 post / month
855 pictures were published by me = 70 pictures / month
17 videos were published by me = 1.5 videos / month
80 subscribers were kind enough to follow me = 7 subscribers / month

In this blog you will find per page about 6,500 words times 44 pages = 286,000 words. A book with 300 pages has about 100,000 words. Almost 3 books have been published on this blog.

Actually, I actually only had 6 months to take care of this blog because I had my Oracle Certified Master in Java from March to August in more than 2,000 hours. This was just the preparation to better understand the language of the indicators.

Four projects were then described in detail in this blog and highlighted with many examples. 3 auxiliary indicators that have not existed so far worldwide. This made it possible for the first time in Forex market history to display the supply and demand zones with their respective strengths on the screen. Many interesting ideas and comments have been posted by the subscribers and I am very proud of that. In some cases, there were also some scientific outpourings that the writer himself probably did not understand, but these were purely guest contributions. Unfortunately, that did not help us on the topic.

Although I gained over 40,000 hours of experience in trading, I still see myself as a beginner, because I have intuitively done a lot of things right, but was not able to explain myself specifically. That's why I'm really looking forward to the beginners who are looking for answers in our blog, because together we can make bigger steps. We should never underestimate traders who are beginners. These traders may not have much experience yet, but they have the same opportunities as the pros. In addition, everyone once started sometime and was happy about a little tip.

The new year 2019 will offer us many opportunities and risks, and our goal is to optimize opportunities and minimize risks. I'm not one of the traders who claim that you can become a millionaire quickly and succeed only with supply or demand. I think that this blog can help, the decision whether that is always the most important person; the single subscriber. I do not claim to be right in the things that I publish and, scientifically, I'm definitely wrong. But in this market, science helps as well as a pin against a wild lion.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I would like to thank all subscribers for your support and for the help you have given to all traders. I am very proud that together we have managed to build a blog that helps many traders. We will work hard again this year and I'm sure we will succeed. Remember, there is no right and wrong in this market, so any opinion can be right. The key is that it helps everyone involved. And I will gladly work for that.

I am looking forward to the New Year with you.

best regards

--- 帖子 #861 ---
Thank You!!!! Buon Anno!!!!

--- 帖子 #862 ---
[quote=Joeyd;11849117]Thank You!!!! Buon Anno!!!![/

Hello Joeyd,

Thank you very much for your kind words, I wish you a lot of success in the year 2019 and that everything develops as you imagine.

Best regards

--- 帖子 #863 ---
Interesting trading zone for next week?!

A strong and medium sustained supply zone was formed on 2nd of January, Zone U.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In the last two days, from 3.1 to 4.1, we can see that our zone U was penetrated over 50%. Buyers were able to push price up in a sustained trend with two strong pullbacks. We know that pullbacks give us the best pip per seconds ratio, so we could conclude that in the marked area H we could find more good trades with low risk and exposure.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

We are now in our marked zone U on a lower TF and look for the strongest zones. We find zone 1 and 2. Zone 2 was already cleared by price, therefore we focus on the fresh zone 1.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In the SS below zone 1 got refined with the 3,2,1 setting, thereby we can easily detect the strongest zone from were we could trade a pullback. With the two marked zones (Z and X) we find what we are looking for. Zone Z looks weaker because it isn't included in a sustained trend. Both zones are approximately 5 pips wide. This already could give us a good CRR, but let's see if we can do better than this.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

We focus on our prefered zone X. We see that price got strongly rejected after it broke throught it. This indicates a strong resistence in this area.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

If we scroll back to December the 31st we could possibly shrink the zone even more, but I'm not sure.

Maybe Bionics can tell us if shrinking the zone even more makes sense in this scenario. I hope you all could follow my thoughts of this analysis and it wasn't total rubbish.

Cheers, Chris

--- 帖子 #864 ---
[quote=areschris;11850760]Interesting trading zone for next week?!

Hello Chris,

First of all thank you for your great post and the detailed description. The fear to write total garbage is absolutely unfounded, because it is an idea and there is no right and wrong. I think it's great that you think about it and try to create your own concept within supply and demand.

Basically, the correct approach is to seek out the strongest zone in a downtrend, where the subsequent uptrend may be more strongly rejected. Here are some points in your assumption that I would have done differently, but that does not mean that I would be right.

The way you go is absolutely correct and the most important thing is that it creates an idea that you can implement. Likewise, in my view, it's absolutely right as scalper to trade the fast pullbacks within a trend. Due to the fast movements, you are only a short time in the market and can achieve very good returns with a small risk.

You can train your concept by marking your zones within other currency pairs whose price history you do not know. Then you'll see how the course behaved when it came to your zone. If you've been wrong, try to figure out why you were wrong. That's the key point to learn from. For that I would use the H1 and M15 / M5. The M1 helps me to reduce my stop, but for a specific statement he is too volatile.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

We Scalpers have the disadvantage that we always act the smallest trend, but it is crucial to know exactly what the medium-term and overarching trend looks like. Here's an overview that I've posted several times. This overview has the setting 8/4/2 so that you quickly recognize the higher-level trends in the higher time units.

But we Scalpers also have the advantage that the course always moves in undulations up or down, so we have many opportunities during the day to make an interesting trade. I'm glad you like my pip per second ratio, but finding the best trade is always a challenge.

You have described many good approaches, stay tuned and find out the best way for you, which will have a significant impact on your Moneymanagement.

many Greetings

--- 帖子 #865 ---
Important movements within supply and demand

Hello dear subscribers,

We have already talked about supply and demand in great detail. With the help of the bionics offer and demand indicator we are able to visualize these crucial zones graphically on the MT 4 surface. In today's blog I would like to point out another way I have gone.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Within a supply or demand market, arbitrary candle formations arise in the form of bullish and bearish candles. With the original candles, it is often difficult to see the clear strength at a glance. The Bionic Chart filters out just these bullish and bearish moves, so you can immediately see the crucial moves at a glance. Nevertheless, within a demand market there is often a strong downward movement. Being a demand market, the main move goes up, but within that main move, there are some moves sideways or down. What exactly interested me now was the countermovement within a supply or demand market. So all bearish movements within a demand market and all bullish movements within a supply market.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The result can be seen here. Within a demand market, only the bearish movements were made visible and within a supply market only the bullish movements. I wanted to find out if it is possible to filter out certain information in order to increase the probability of winning.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

At point 1 we can see how a strong supply market is going down. Between points 1 and 2, there were no objections from the cops. The course could therefore run down unhindered. Only at point 2 there were again buyers who came to the market. From point 2 to point 3, the course went unhindered down again. Only from point 3 you can see again how the buyers came more into the market. As we know, these fast downward moves are usually attributed to a pullback, so I've marked the zones where the sellers came heavily into the market with a blue line. It is interesting to realize that this zone can also be considered as a kind of resistance zone.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here we see the EURUSD in H1 and can also see here that in a strong supply zone, we can always expect the same price regions with strong buyers.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Please note that this is only about the offer zones within which some buyers were willing to bring the price up. It is interesting to realize that within a supply market, level buyers have occurred at a similar price each time.

From this, it is also possible to determine resistance zones that could be interesting for future price developments. In addition, one can deduce when a supply market or demand market may possibly be over. Another interesting aspect:

If I am on an upward trajectory and realize that there are no significant bearish moves, I would be able to stay longer in my trade.

The information I got during some trading days was very interesting and I am convinced that it is worthwhile to deal with this kind of consideration.

I've created a profile for you to download as Zipp. You store the indicators in your MT4 and the profile folder sets your profile from the MT4. Then you just call up the profile in the MT4. I have already explained several times how you are doing this installation and you are welcome to read it again in the past blogs.

I hope that it will help and wish you a successful trading day.

best regards

Attached File(s)   Bionic.zip

52 KB
|
1,102 downloads

--- 帖子 #866 ---
Possible view

Hello dear subscribers,

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Over the past 70 hours, the EURUSD has been in a clear equilibrium. The range in which the EURUSD moved was around 50 pip. Equilibrium means a rough consensus in the price, but it also means an uncertainty, because the tendency of a trend is not given. This is not uncommon in the EURUSD. To get a better overview here you have to go into the higher time units.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In the D1 one is able to work out the essential zones with the help of the Bionic supply and demand indicator. At point A, we see a strong demand zone that has brought the price up. Points B and C nicely show the reaction after the price has entered this strong demand zone.

At point D, we see a strong supply zone, which in turn has been confirmed by points E and F. After the price was rejected in the strong demand zone at point C, point 1 became a sustainable demand zone. In the blue zone, this course has been turned down and as it currently looks, this rejection is a pullback. This increases the likelihood that the price could go further towards point G.

The red zone is much stronger than the blue zone and should the course go much further down, the red zone chance would be greater for me than the blue zone. Another strong demand zone is between 1.10 and 1.09. If the course runs through this zone parity would be possible. But we are still far from that.

At the moment it looks like the course is going into the red zone. A good indication would be if the blue zone is severely broken during run-up. This turns the blue zone into a strong resistance zone. Once the course in the red zone is turned down again, this blue resistance zone could bring the course further up. This would make it possible that the red resistance zone could also be broken. After the breakthrough of the red resistance zone, the 1.28 is within reach.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The next crucial zone is between 1.14294 and 1.14421. Maybe the course could be rejected here again, but in the medium term it can break this zone upwards. The demand is currently clearly in the advantage.

I wish you a successful trading day.

Best regards

--- 帖子 #867 ---
Project No. 5 begins!

Hello dear traders,

As a counter-trend scalper you have to be able to make the right decisions within a few seconds. If you want to counter trend in a strong trend, it requires the highest concentration and commitment. With the development of the Bionic charts and the Bionic supply and demand indicator, we have succeeded in an interesting project to trade the respective pullbacks in the different trends. A pullback has the advantage that the movement is very fast and efficient on the stage. Within minutes, 6-10 pip profit can be achieved with relatively small stops of 1-2 pip. This kind of trades can be found very often during a trading day and are very efficient for me. I prefer 6 pip yield in 6 minutes rather than 24 pip in 120 minutes. In the first case one reached 1 pip / min, while in the second case a 5 times worse result was achieved. In Case 2, I am helplessly exposed to a randomly acting market for an additional 114 minutes. The chance of a strong unexpected breakout is 20 times as high as in 6 minutes within 120 minutes. Since I attach a high priority to the pip / min ratio in my money management, these pullbacks come first with me.

With the Bionic supply and demand indicator this ride on the razor blade succeeds quite well, but there is still considerable room for improvement. This brings us to the next project no. 5.

The bionic supply and demand indicator is time-independent, but the chart image is not. Now you could combine a Renko chart with the Bionic supply and demand indicator, but the Renko chart is created from the inaccurate price data that most brokers pass on. In addition, the Bionic supply and demand indicator generates the broker's OHLC data rather than the Renko chart.

Tick charts are time-independent charts. A tick represents a transaction between buyer and seller at a given price and volume. In this form, you determine after how many trades a period has ended. A tick chart with the setting 63 Tick means nothing else, that after 63 new trades a new candle is drawn. It does not matter if in a trading transaction only 1 contract or 100 contracts are traded.

This has the advantage that in many trade transactions, such as economic numbers, many candles arise or in pre-market and nightly trade, where there is little going on, only a few candles. Disadvantage, the presentation is that you see virtually no hammer or shooting stars. If you look at the volume, you can see that almost every candle in the tickchart is converted into the same volume. But this disadvantage is not a disadvantage for me, because I basically pay no attention to the volume in time-based charts and the chart images. However, the volume in the tick chart offers an interesting opportunity. If the tick chart is compared in combination with the classic time-based chart, very interesting aspects arise.

Not time based

At times with little buying and selling activities, such as just before the market closes or at lunchtime, the market usually relaxes a bit. A classic 1-hour chart shows us many little candles without basic information during these periods. On the other hand, during quieter periods, the tick chart only shows us one or two candles, avoiding a collection of small candles. Thus, a trendless section in a time-based chart can dramatically change the support and resistance levels, leading to completely different investment decisions.

More meaningful price analysis

If many investors are active, a time-based chart is not always "fast" enough. Even if you choose a 1-minute chart, a strong price rise or fall is displayed as a long candle in this case. The tick chart divides these strong candles. This allows you to draw in a clear resistance line that gives you a clearer trend over a period of time.

Confirm trendline breakthroughs

Support and resistance lines can be completely different depending on the time view used. In the tick chart stops the resistance. A trader who has both charts available can wait until a clear trend is visible below or above a resistance line, and thus make a more efficient decision.

Clear signals to the market exit

Since resistance zones can be identified even more clearly, both market entry and market exit can be seen even more clearly. We will analyze this background more clearly in the coming weeks.

Coherence of volume and price development

In the normal time-based chart, the volume only indicates the amount of traded securities during a given period. He does not provide any information as to whether the title was bought or sold by major investors or private investors. In the tick view, on the other hand, each volume bar represents the number of titles traded per candlestick. Since the number of transactions per candlestick is the same, each volume bar displays the average volume of all transactions of the corresponding candlestick. If a volume bar is higher than the average in the Tick volume chart, it can be assumed that the transaction was made by a large investor. Major players often have more information and are more critical about their investments. Their market entry at a certain price often suggests the future trend.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here you can see a comparison M1 with a tick chart. Both were equipped with the Bionic chart and the Bionic supply and demand indicator. Now it is interesting to filter out the strongest movements within the strongest zones. These strongest moves give us a clearer indication of future resistance zones. The tick chart is able to better divide these strong moves. In addition, the supply and demand zones are changing. Perhaps this information could lead to an even more reliable statement and reduce our risk even more.

We are curious what the results will be. In any case, we will share this information with you on a regular basis.

I wish you a successful trading week!!!!!!!!!!!!

Best regards

--- 帖子 #868 ---
Following....

--- 帖子 #869 ---
Information from the test phase

Hello dear subscribers,

As already announced, we have been testing different tick charts for several weeks with the Bionic chart and the supply and demand indicator. When a long candle appears in a 1-minute chart, the tick chart divides this long candle into different candles. From this, the greatest strength can be filtered out with the help of the two indicators and thus resistance zones can be determined even more accurately. This gives us the chance to act very small movements even more accurately. The results are very interesting, but still need some time to make clear statements.

In parallel, I updated my dashboard. Here, however, the best for me tick chart is inserted as soon as we have finished the test phase. The results of this form of display are also very interesting, so I would like to post an example.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The new Dashboard

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Today, starting at 9:30 CET, the price was in an uptrend. At 15:00 CET there was a bigger pullback of 14 pip. I recorded this pullback on video, so you can see the function of the dashboard once more. At 15:15 CET, the price goes up 3 pip and then down 14 pip. A short time later, the uptrend continues.

Inserted Video

Dashboard Video

In the top bar you can clearly see that the overall upward trend dominates. Nevertheless, there is a short pullback and you can see how the bears take over the helm for a short moment. Shortly thereafter, the trend continues upward.

The dashboard will be tweaked in the next few weeks to make the parent trend easier to spot, but this dashboard is only a guide and should never be used for boarding. Nevertheless, this orientation is often a great help, especially in sideways phases, one can locate the further trend faster.

In the bottom right image of the dashboard you can see the opposite trend within the supply and demand zones. Here we will incorporate the tick charts, as the candles are drawn even more accurately. From this, trend reversals can be derived more quickly.

Unfortunately, the procedure takes time, but we keep you up to date.

I wish you a successful trading week

best regards

--- 帖子 #870 ---
Intermediate status Project no. 4

Hello dear subscribers,

The last few days have been a bit stressful because I've rebuilt my entire trading station. The indicators I have developed have a very high performance requirement, if you want to look at the last 50,000 candles.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

For this I have put together 2 Dell Calculator, which now each have a comparable computing speed of an Intel Core i9-9900K. Two Samsung SSD additionally ensure a fast implementation of the computer performance. On a MT4 I once installed 90 different windows of a high-performance indicator, the CPU was not impressed. If we get fiber optic cables this year, we'll see if a 1,000 Mbit lead will bring additional benefits, especially as it can reduce the ping values down to 5 MS. Crucial, however, are also the ping values of each broker.

As already written, we are currently testing different tick charts. In addition to the correct price charts, the performance values and the handling are a decisive factor. The key advantage of a tick chart is that it acts independently of time, just like our supply and demand indicator.

Larry Gaines, who has over 25 years of extensive stock market and options market knowledge, gave an interview on the tick charts.

Inserted Video

His breakout strategy is interesting, but totally inappropriate for our application. Nevertheless, let's take a closer look at a comparison of an M1 with a 89 tick chart.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here we see a M1 from 05.02.2019 from 05: 30-12:30 CET

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

A 89 tick chart from the same period. On 04.02.2019 we had over 89,000 ticks in 24 hours, which equates to over 60 ticks per minute. However, the number of ticks always depends on the trade execution.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

If we take a closer look at the candles of the two different chart representations ....

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

... we notice that the tickchart draws more precise movements, although on average it represents a higher unit of time than a minute in this case.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The tick charts are individually adjustable, I personally like to work with the 23 Tickchart, as it delivers very interesting information, especially in strong and very weak volatile phases.

In combination with the Bionic Chart and the supply and demand indicator, this results in very interesting aspects, as we have seen in the first few weeks. We will know in a few weeks if it will be worthwhile. These tickchart indicators cost up to 50 € with an indefinite useful life. Since we test different providers, we want to do without a concrete comparison, since all providers deliver good and similar results overall. Decisive for us is the compatibility with our indicators and the fast handling. As soon as we have concrete information, we will inform you, if it is worthwhile spending money.

A successful trading week

best regards

--- 帖子 #871 ---
Hi Bionics,

Very much interested in the 89 tick chart strategy. I have followed several strategies involved with tick charts back in my scalping days. I have 2 questions to ask:

1) Can you please share the script or indicator that you used to get the tick chart in the image? Because once I have used an offline chart method and it makes things harder.

2) Since Forex market is a decentralized market, the data of the tick charts are varying from broker to broker. So is it okay to take trading decisions depending on just one broker's data?

I've always been a fan of your work Bionics. Keep it up my friend!

Best regards...

--- 帖子 #872 ---
[quote=LoganX;11974548]{quote} Hi Bionics, Very much interested in the 89 tick chart strategy.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Hello LoganX,

Thank you very much for the kind words, I am very pleased that you like our work and that many ideas are a plus for you. I would like to give you an answer to your two questions.

We tested several tick charts in the last few weeks. There are tick charts that are generated from the ticks of each broker and tick charts provide the external tick data. Unfortunately, the origin of this data is not described in detail. In MT4 you can also show a tick chart, but this tick chart is only partially usable.

First, we compared the externally delivered tick charts with the tick charts of my broker. First, a certain amount of tick data had to be downloaded, which was sometimes very time consuming. Then we compared the tick data.

We concentrated on the provider who could show us the best values from the tick data of my broker. This comparison is almost complete and I will write a blog for the next few days. So I ask for some patience.

To question 2:

The forex market is much bigger and more complex than the futures market. In the interbank market, the brokers quote the respective prices. It is much harder to realize profits in the forex market than in the futures market. In the 2017 Trading World Cup, the first 3 futures traders had a net return of 110 to 220% while the top 3 forex traders came to 20 to 100%. Forex is not traded on the stock exchange, so each broker has different charts and prices. You just have to look at the charts in the smaller time window of different brokers, and then everyone sees that the charts look different. In addition, there is no volume, order book or time & sales. The forex trader thus less information available. There are also rumors that some brokers are fishing off some orders because the stops are visible. There are only 4 decimal places in the EURUSD E6 in the futures market, but the prices are the same for all traders, and CFD brokers have big differences.

The best option would be to switch to the futures area, as pricing is the same for everyone. However, the levers there are much lower at a maximum of 1:20 and compared to the forex market you have to trade at least about 1.5 lot there with a margin of $ 7500. This is not feasible for many small traders. The big advantage, however, is that the spread for a contract costs just 0.2 pip.

The second option would be to project the pricing of different brokers on the screen. However, that would not do much good because the broker you are trading on is not oriented towards it.

It is best to choose a broker who gives a very good pricing. Even if these prices are never comparable to the futures market, you still have realistic opportunities to win. However, the challenge is much greater than in the futures market.

Once you have selected a broker and aligned your indicators to this course, you eventually have to make the decision to rely on that quote. The candles that are projected on the MT 4 screen due to the price setting of the broker are basically nothing more than an indicator. From these candles we derive resistance and support zones. If we were to compare three different brokers, we would of course always have different resistance and support zones. But which zones do we rely on? You can only find that out with time. The safest price data are always passed on by the stock exchange, the brokers have this data, the question is always what price data they pass on to the traders.

At the World Cup, the top five forex traders have averaged a net return of 40%. The five best futures traders have reached over 120%. This means that the forex market could potentially be three times more difficult than the futures market. Maybe that's why more than 90% of Forex traders lose their money. And I even believe that here are some brokers who have aligned the price quotes in their favor.

However, under $ 100,000, I would not recommend a futures account, so there are few alternatives for traders who do not have such assets. For those who can not afford it yet, there is a small ray of hope. If someday they have optimized their fortunes to be able to enter the futures market, you can expect it to be much easier. The forex market is one of the biggest challenges, who creates it, could possibly shine later in the futures market.

I wish you a successful trading day.

Greetings

--- 帖子 #873 ---
First results in the project 4

Hello dear subscribers,

In the last few weeks, we compared and tested different tick charts for the MT4. What remained are two providers of tick charts: Rainwood and OVO.

Basically one can say that both tick charts have achieved equally good results, but we were looking for the optimal tick indicator for our personal requirements.

Rainwood tickchart indicator:

The indicator costs $ 49 for an unlimited license, but there is no description of whether there is any limitation on the trading account and whether this license can be run on different computers. There is no demo version, you first have to buy a month license for $ 7 to test the indicator. The installation is a bit more complicated than with the OVO, if you call the indicator you have to enter two previously sent passwords within 30 seconds, otherwise the indicator will close again. The selection of tick data is much better than the OVO, you can load tick data without histiorie, tick data generated from the M1 and download tick data from a third party. Which third party it is, is not explained. Depending on the period of tick data, this download may take some time. A 60 tickchart from the last 2 weeks took a total of 5:47 minutes with a 100 Mbit line at the weekend. Unfortunately, the tick data of the third party was nothing as accurate as the tick data of my broker, that clouded the advantage a bit. The tick charts can be displayed directly below the M1 chart and / or in the offline chart. A clear advantage over the OVO, but the change to another tick size is very cumbersome and takes longer than the OVO. Similarly, installing a second tick chart on the same screen is very confusing and complicated. The performance suffers significantly when multiple charts are open. Interesting: There are many additional tools that are not available at the OVO. In the offline chart all indicators can be used.

OVO tickchart indicator:

There is a demo version that you can test for 2 weeks for free, then an unlimited license costs $ 45. This license is for 3 Windows accounts and within these accounts there is no limit on open windows. Theoretically, if you split the three accounts, 3 traders can pay $ 15 for access. There is an indicator that serves the offline chart. The tick data is generated from the M1 of the broker, tick data of a third party does not exist unfortunately. When you call the tickchart in the morning, it sometimes comes in the past courses to the same size candles that look like a Renkochart. We also noticed this at Rainwood, but you can also download the data from the third-party provider there to avoid this problem. As soon as the tickchart starts to run, the tick data are drawn correctly on the Rainwood and OVO. However, it is crucial here which tick data your broker delivers. With the free indicator Omnia Remote you can change the number of ticks in the offline chart very quickly. The OmniaAutoVolume indicator automatically changes the tick count as you type, but this indicator is rather counterproductive to our application.
Installing a second tick chart on the same screen is much easier than with the Rainwood. Performance does not suffer in OVO when multiple charts are open.

Conclusion:

Both indicators generate very good tick charts from the M1, although there were differences here as well. However, it is not possible to determine which indicator has the nose in front, as there is no exact reference value. The Rainwood offers the tick data of a third party, if you have a broker that offers inadequate data, the Rainwood is the first choice. For the handling with the OVO is easier and the performance suffers much less. That's why we chose the OVO, although you can not say it's better than the Rainwood. Both indicators have their strengths and weaknesses. This is like the Mercedes and BMW, both are excellent vehicles, but I opted for the Mercedes, because it offers more benefits for me than the BMW. Nevertheless, the BMW is the first choice for many others. The key is that one product offers you more benefits than another. A big advantage for the OVO is that you can test it once for 2 weeks for free, if you then find no advantage, you have lost no money.

I once made an interesting attempt with the OVO Tickchart. I once wanted to show the first 24 Fibonacci numbers from 1 to 75025 as 24 different tick charts in a chart image and see how that affects my performance. The basis was my Bionic Chart and the Density History, which measures the candlestick. Here you can watch a video of three minutes.

Inserted Video

The performance of my PC was not impressive, although 48 windows with 50 indicators were open. Since we have an average of 75,000 to 89,000 ticks recorded in a day, you can see the last candle on the right as a kind of daytime candle. I can not say if this way of rendering is an advantage, it was interesting for us if the performance of the computer is reduced by calling several chart images.

As I have written a few times before, I am investigating the trend reversals due to my supply and demand zones. Within these zones, the M1 creates candles that are time-dependent. Just when the M1 is a strong candle, you can not divide this candle in their strength. So far I worked for it with a 5 sec chart. The problem was that in the morning I had to run this 5 sec chart for an hour until it gave me the first correct information. However, this information was also time-dependent.

With the development of the supply and demand indicator, we succeeded in creating a time-independent indicator. The Bionicchart was also a small innovation, because you can immediately filter out the pullback in a candle. However, the bionic chart was also formed time-dependent. The combination of the supply and demand indicator, Bionicchart and the tickchart indicator is now a completely time-independent consideration. The resistance zones were read out even more efficiently, but it is still too early to make concrete statements.

An example from 07.Feb 2019 from 15:00 - 22:00 CET.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In M1, I drew three resistance zones. The upper zone was reached at point A, but had a zone size of 1.4 pip. The middle zone was 1.0 pip, missed at point B, and point C was hit. The bottom zone was 1.3 pip in size and missed.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

All zones were reached exactly and the zones were much smaller. On average, the zones were 28% smaller. This increases the risk profit ratio. But these statements are purely speculative and must be confirmed over time. Nevertheless, this approach seems to be the right step towards success. Time will give us more information and we will see to what extent our assumptions are confirmed.

I wish you a nice weekend and a coming successful trading week,

best regards

--- 帖子 #874 ---
Project 4

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Hello dear traders,

In the last weeks we have examined different settings with our tickchart. The goal was to find out if these tick charts can be used to identify trend reversals more quickly than with a standard chart.

Basically, after a few years I realized that as a trader you should not use the standard indicators like MACD, RSI or Moving Average. The fastest indicator is the candle chart. So I focused primarily on the candle presentation.

Conventional charts are time-based charts, each time unit is specified. The standard time settings M1, M5, M15, M30, H1, H4, D1, W1 and MN have been set arbitrarily. The intervals of the time units are not uniform, but distributed very differently. From M1 to H1 there are 5 different time units, from H1 to MN there are just 4 different time units. The greater the time unit, the more accurate the expressiveness of a candle. Strangely, standard settings place more emphasis on inaccurate statements. Whether a uniform time distribution brings greater benefits, I dare to doubt strongly.

In the past I compared the Heiken Ashi strategy with the standard candle. Heikin Ashi Charts smooth the price movements and thereby create a clearer chart image. This allows the viewer to easier identification of the major trend movements. Normally, the parameters are chosen so that green candles are upwards and red candles are downtrend. In strong uptrends candles without shadows occur, in strong downward trends are primarily candles without wick to be found. In strong trends, the candle bodies are larger. Occur small candles, this is an indication of a consolidation or a trend change. The same applies to candles with wick and shadow. In consolidation and trendless phases, a frequent change between red and green candles is typical. What bothered me here was that you should also use an RSI as confirmation to enter into positions in oversold or overbought market situations. In addition, it is still a time-based chart.

The main reason why there used to be only time-based charts in the past is the lack of technology in the past. At the time, exchanges simply did not have the ability to provide market participants with access to real-time data. However, with the advancement of technology, when stock market trading took place around the clock, which was associated with higher volatility, traders experimented with a variety of charting methods. This created the first time-independent chart images.

An ordinary chart represents the price within a set timeframe. Renko charts, on the other hand, only visualize the price, regardless of time. They only present the price once it has passed through a certain minimum amount of movements. Price changes that do not reach this minimum amount are ignored, making it easier to focus on significant movement and hide the background noise. However, the movements refer to Pip rather than ticks.

When we focus on ticks, we distinguish range charts, volume charts and tick charts. Since rangebars are not suitable for OHCL analysis, only volume charts and tick charts are shortlisted.

The volume chart creates a new candle every time a predetermined volume of contracts is traded. The volume corresponds to the trading activity and is thus the energy of the market movements. With fixed volume charts we can observe what the market is doing with the same amount of energy. Tick charts are comparable to the volume charts. Instead of using the volume as a basis, we use a tick on the tick chart as a basis. These charts set a certain number of ticks (trades) regardless of the volume traded. This presentation was the most optimal for our type of trade.

With the development of our supply and demand indicator, supply and demand zones were drawn on our chart automatically which were absolutely time-independent. The problem was still the candle, which was formed only time-dependent. Although we were able to use the Bionic Chart to depict a candle structure that at one glance could only show the opposite pullback within this movement, this candle was also time-based.

With the now used Tickcharts the first goal could be achieved. Both the candle formation in the Bionic Chart and the supply and demand zone formation are now based on a time-independent calculation. Interesting are the supply and demand zones, which are now formed from the ticks. From our point of view, these zones are now formed even more precisely and in combination with the Bionic Chart, even more reliable statements can be made.

In the last 2 weeks we had an average of about 92,160 ticks per day. That would be about 64 ticks per minute. In other words, we could consider the following tick sizes in our time-based charts: M1 = 64 ticks, M5 = 320 ticks, M15 = 960 ticks, M30 = 1,920 ticks, H1 = 3,840 ticks, H4 = 15,360 ticks and D1 = 92,120 ticks

In our tickchart, however, we can make any setting in increments of 1 tick, so that all possible time units can be set every second.

In a 3,840 tick chart we can see the resistors in a medium trend and now go down slowly in 100 tick steps to analyze how the candle formation in this resistance zone changes. As a result, the resistance zone can often be reduced to 0.5 Pip. In the time-based chart, we were happy when our zone was 3-5 pip.

Conclusion:

With the tickchart, the zones can be significantly reduced. This increases the risk profit ratio tremendously. However, you have to proceed very carefully in these small zones so as not to be permanently stopped. Very interesting are auxiliary indicators, such as the Denstiy indicator, which measures the individual candle thickness. In the tickchart I get here once more detailed information that help me a lot in the trade implementation. A time-independent chart image will definitely provide more accurate information than a time-based chart image. This will allow us to significantly reduce our resistance zones and optimize the risk-to-reward ratio. There will be some examples within the next few weeks.

I wish you a successful trading day

best regards

--- 帖子 #875 ---
Download and test a tick chart

Hello dear subscribers,

After testing several tick charts within a few weeks, we came to the conclusion that the OVO Tick Chart offers the most benefits to our approach. In order to avoid surreptitious advertising for a particular provider, I would like to reiterate that the Rainwood Tick Chart delivers just as good results and even offers more benefits in some areas. Unfortunately, you have to invest at least $ 8 for the Rainwood Tickchart to try it for 30 days. I do not think that's customer friendly.
The OVO Tickchart is free for the first 15 days and then you can decide whether a tickchart brings significant benefits or not.

Under

https://ovo.cz/products/offline-char...t-volume-bars/

you can download the indicator. In addition, I recommend that you also download the free indicator Omnia Remote Control. The two indicators are simply stored in the folder indicator of the MT4.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Now open the tick chart indicator in the M1 Chart. It is important that you allow the import of DLL. (Point 1) At point 2 you write the number of ticks you want to show and under point 3 the number of candles you want to start with. That was all.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In your M1 Chart you can now see on the bottom of the number of ticks you have entered and the button M61. At this very moment, an offline chat called M61 was created. If you press this button the offline chart M61 opens.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

At first, you will only see candles for this now open offline chart. Now you can populate this offline chart with all the indicators that are important to you. In this offline chart you now take the indicator Omnia Remote Control. Then a control field appears in the lower field. This allows you to change the number of ticks directly in the offline chart.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

An average day contains about 92160 ticks. On average, that's 64 ticks per minute. Converting the known time units from M1 to MN into ticks, for example, gives 15,360 ticks for the 4 hour chart.

To enter these numbers again and again was very stressful for me. There is a little trick here, though. In the remote control, there is an arrow to the right and left of your specified number. If you press the right arrow, the number of entered numbers will double and if you press the left arrow, the value will halve.

If you start now with the value 4 and press the right arrow again and again you get to the known time units already very close to it. The right table shows the number of ticks and the time units translated for them.

However, we have to be aware that we are leaving the time-based units with a tickchart. Accordingly, the time units known to us are no longer so crucial.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

This can be seen very well in the following example. In the picture above, I have shown an M1 chart in EURUSD on Friday, 22/02/19 from 16:00 until the close of trading.

Below that is a 64 tickchart within the same time window. If you compare the HH and the LL with each other, you will notice that these changes are shown on the chart. The timing of a HH and LL is always the same, however, a 64 tickchart means that as soon as 64 trading orders are received a candle is formed. Of course, the resulting price will also be charged. This means that the faster the number of ticks runs, the larger the time window will be, as more candles are formed at this moment. For example, if fewer ticks are running within a time period in the Asian market, the displayed time window will apparently be smaller.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Shortly before point 3, the M1 forms a strong bullish candle that goes up. In the 64 tick chart you will see four candles instead of one candle. If you pull the strongest candle to the right, you will notice the resistance area as soon as the course returns. In the M1, this resistance range is 3 times greater. And that is precisely the concrete advantage in terms of supply and demand for me. With the help of the tick charts I am able to reduce my resistance ranges significantly. In the M1, the resistance range was 10 pip and I would have reached a price-to-earnings ratio of 1: 0.8 with great difficulty at the close of trading. In the 64 Tickchart you could have achieved a price-earnings ratio of 1: 6. Of course, with a lot of experience you can significantly reduce the M1 resistance range, but this is also possible in the 64 Tickchart.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In the following case, we reduced the tickchart to 16 ticks and were thus able to reduce the resistance range to 1.5 pip. This increases the risk profit ratio to 1:12. However, the profit pip / min was just 0.13 pip but you have to take the risk if you are dealing with the trend. The big advantage is that with this tickchart I can reduce my resistance ranges very flexibly.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Finally, I wanted to know how many different tick charts I'm able to install on a chart. On the left side you will see the candle strength indicator of Hannover and on the right the Zwinner Trend indicator. I have each made a subdivision of the bulls and bears and processed from the middle evenly rising ticks. This allowed me to easily accommodate 40 different tick charts in one MT4. In addition, there were in no way any performance issues. I built this scoreboard for testing purposes only, but I was very surprised how exactly this scoreboard works. If there should be need in this area, I am ready to post a profile. I will do a video on Monday and post, then you can even make a picture yourself.

If you create different tickcharts created by M61, consecutively (M61, M62, M63 ....) In the offline folder, this simplifies the installation significantly.

Of course, I do not know if this tick indicator makes sense for you, I can only recommend it for free for two weeks. If it brings you something, then you have come a little closer to your goal. Of course, I can not say if in your case the Rainwood Tick chart might be the better choice. No matter which area you choose, the biggest advantage is to say goodbye to the time-based charts. However, this also requires a certain habituation effect. I hope I could give you some information.

I wish you a great weekend and a great start to the new trading week.

best regards

--- 帖子 #876 ---
Where is the strongest movement?

Hello dear subscribers,

In the area of supply and demand, the strongest movements are a decisive feature in order to determine future resistance zones. However, this is difficult when a course has gone up or down sharply.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

On the 21st of February at 14:30 CET, the course in the M1 has gone up by just under 17 pip within 1 minute. Since the price moves on average by 1.3 pips in the M1 (average of the last 30,000 candles), a movement of 17 pips is already above average. Placing a resistance range of 17 pip here would be ineffective. So we have to figure out in which area the movement was strongest.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

For that, we need to examine the movement more closely. A seconds chart would help, but has the disadvantage that it is a time-dependent motion. In the tick chart you can see how you can easily filter out the strongest movement. In this case, the resistance zone was reduced from 17 pip to 3 pip.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

If you look at the resulting price history, it becomes clear, which advantage one has thereby.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Even when the course entered the zone from below, it was possible to enter into two interesting trades with this resistance zone. Basically, this procedure is only recommended for Scalper, of course, swing trader have an advantage when resistance zones can be reduced.

A tick chart offers the advantage of dividing a strong candle into individual movements, a kind of MRI Magnetic Resonance Imaging. If I know in which area the strongest movement has started, I am able to significantly reduce my resistance zones. This allows me closer entry points a much smaller stop and thus a better risk profit ratio.

As you know, there are certain price levels where the big players always like to buy or sell. The Tick Chart helps to pinpoint these price levels. I've seen in the last few weeks that many movements have become clearer. I still do not manage to anticipate every move exactly. But the rate has improved significantly. Maybe it's because I now have a chart image that works completely independent of time. The division of the candle is clearer and with the Bionic chart you can see the pullback within a candle even in the smallest movements.

The supply- and demand Indicator are time-independent anyway, and the Bionic chart now also uses the Tickchart indicator. All other indicators that you would use are also independent of time. The numbers above or below my zones show me by the time-independent view now more accurate values. However, it will take some time to draw concrete conclusions from this.

Conclusion:

The results so far exceeded my expectations, the movements are becoming clearer and the mistakes made are significantly reduced. Pullbacks within a trend can be identified more quickly for faster profits. By reducing the stops, the risk profit ratio could be improved. Getting used to is the time-independent charting. If you have always acted time-dependent you need some time to get along with this presentation. All in all, it is worth pursuing this idea, we will of course keep you up to date.

Nice rest weekend

best regards

--- 帖子 #877 ---
Test with the tickchart

Hello dear subscriber,

As promised yesterday, today I did a test run with the tickchart. First and foremost it was about how many different tick charts on a MT4 run without any problems. In order to get a tickchart working, two windows are needed in the MT4, a window for the tickchart indicator another window for the offline chart. As there are performance issues starting with 98 windows open, only 40 tickcharts have been created. (Total 80 windows)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The candle strength of Hannover was used for the first 20 tick charts left. From the middle to the outside, the bullish and bearish candle thickness was measured from 4 ticks to 40 ticks. In the middle there is a bionic chart (20 tick) for the overview. On the right side, the zwinner trend indicator was used.

The course was in an uptrend and then turned into equilibrium. You can see nicely in the video how the bearish strength within the equilibrium increases and finally the course goes down.

Inserted Video

In parallel, I have created an excerpt of my dashboard.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here, the currency strength of the euro and the dollar was compared. In the three red boxes, the dollar runs from M1 to MN against the following currencies: CHF, JPY, CAD, EUR, GBP, AUD and NZD. In the three green boxes the EURO from M1 to MN runs against the following currencies: CHF, JPY, CAD, USD, GBP, AUD and NZD. Measured here is the current candle.

Unfortunately, this indicator can not be connected to the tickchart, since one would logically also have to calculate all other currencies in ticks.

In the top 9 boxes, the dollar runs from M1 to MN against the following currencies: CHF, JPY, CAD, EUR, GBP, AUD and NZD. In the lower 9 boxes the EURO from M1 to MN runs against the following currencies: CHF, JPY, CAD, USD, GBP, AUD and NZD. Measured here is the summary of the last 2 candles. On the right there is a bionic chart (64 tick) for the overview.

The price is in a downtrend, paying close attention to how the strength of the euro is gaining momentum after two minutes and at the same time decreasing the strength of the dollar. This creates an upward trend.

Inserted Video

Basically, I warn against entering into a trade based on these views. Nevertheless, the 2nd overview, where the currency strength is measured is very interesting. This can sometimes be helpful in an ongoing trade so as not to leave too early.

We recognize that even 40 different tickcharts in offline mode do not limit the performance. That might be interesting if you want to test a specific indicator. As we noted earlier, the tick charts are more accurate than the current price as the tick charts are time-independent. This makes it possible to locate resistance zones more efficiently. And if you want to use a specific indicator, you can display it with the help of the tick chart time-independent.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

My preferred view in trading is essentially the chart shown here, consisting of the bionic chart which quickly filters out the current pullback within each candle and which is now time independent through the tick chart. The supply and demand intdicator is anyway time independent, but is even more accurate with the tick chart. The bullish and bearish strength numbers now give me more specific information about a recent pullback within a trend.

The tickee units can be changed very quickly and, in principle, can be changed every one second. This makes it possible to filter candles very efficiently and thus enables you to find the strongest movement within a trend very quickly.

To the bionic chart, I will write another blog in the next few days to show the benefits.

I wish you much success this week and maybe you will take another step forward with a time-independent attitude.

best regards

--- 帖子 #878 ---
The bionic chart

Hello dear subscriber,

As requested, I would like to take a closer look at the Bionic chart and explain why it was developed.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

A normal candle comes from the OHLC data given by the market. If the close is above the open, the candle is bullish, the close is under the open, it is a bearish candle. Due to the given time units M1 to MN arises in most candles, an upper and a lower shadow. The focus is on the actual candle body, so the shadows receive less attention. The open and the close arise only because of the timing M1, M5, M15 ... and have nothing to do with the strength of the current trend.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The Bionic Chart recognizes at first glance that there are no shadows and that the open has been dispensed with. As a rule, one can do without this information as the close of the previous candle usually indicates the open of the new candle. The close is basically displayed in the Bionic Chart, so that the open of the new candles can be recognized quickly. Of course, gaps also occur in the course of the price. Price gaps do not only arise between the candles but also within the candles. Only inside the candles they are not recognizable. At first it looks like the Bionic Chart can not show the gap because of the abandonment of the Open, but with the help of the bar chart I can also show the Bionic Chart open if it is important. With that you can also identify gaps.

When a candle closes, two pieces of information are important to me. First, it is a bullish or a bearish candle and how strong was the pullback inside the candle. Take a bullish candle as an example.

The course opens at the open and then runs down to the low. At this moment, the candle is colored red. As soon as the course goes up again and over the open, a lower shadow is created and the candle turns green. Actually, this is already a pullback. However, this pullback is no longer interesting for me when the candle closes and the Close is over the Open. Much more interesting for me in this case is the pullback from high to close.

What is the reason for that:

In principle, the two shadows of a candle are pullbacks. As a rule, they are displayed neutrally. In the case of a bullish candle, in most cases the lower shadow is displayed first and the upper shadow is created just before the close. This means that the last pullback (upper shadow) for me is closer to the current price than the first pullback (lower shadow).

This gives me with the last pullback far more information than from the first pullback. Another point is very important. The lower shadow has been clearly overcome by the course, as the open is below the Close. The upper shadow, however, seems to be initially a limit.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Now let's look at a normal candle chart in EURUSD H1. Of course you can draw in this picture also resistance zones, but I miss in this picture a certain clarity.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

With the Bionic Chart, it is easier for me personally to locate resistance zones more easily. And these zones can also be drawn more accurately.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here's the same time window on how to use the Bionic chart to highlight the pullbacks within a candle. You can often see in the course of a downtrend or uptrend how the pullbacks within a candle become stronger and eventually the trend changes. Pullbacks within a candle help to identify upcoming trend reversals faster.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Of course you can only visualize the pullbacks. This will quickly reveal what bearish objections are in an uptrend or what bullish objections are in a downtrend.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here we have turned the tables once and made the Bionic candle movement visible. It can be seen very often, the more the strength of this movement decreases the higher the probability of an upcoming trend reversal.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

As you can see, the two views differ from the candle chart and Bionic Chart. This is simply because the first pullback in the ongoing movement is included. To make the picture clearer, I recommend using the Bionic chart to gray the pullbacks.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Finally, I would like to introduce you to another way to present the candle in one color. This type of presentation is suitable for a rough overview and shows the clear trends faster.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here I would like to show you an interesting example:

Here is a Bionic chart displayed in a 64 tick chart. The candles were all colored gray and the momentum indicator ensures that all candles that have reached at least 1 pip from the open to the close are marked in the respective color. These are each the strongest movements. Trend views can also be identified more quickly with this view.

Conclusion:

We recognize that the Bionic Chart is very flexible and reduces the information to the essentials. Turnarounds can be identified more quickly by the pullbacks as well as by the pure movements. This makes it easier to identify and draw resistance zones. With the help of a tick chart, the time factor can be eliminated and thus the information can be displayed even more accurately. Since the open was waived, one can make much better statements with 25% less information in the future.

I hope I have been able to give you some information and I wish you another successful trading day today

best regards

--- 帖子 #879 ---
The new Bionic Pullback Indicator

Hello dear subscribers,

Over the past few weeks, we've been busy setting up and optimizing the tick charts. That's why I posted fewer posts, as the time was huge. Nevertheless, we have come a step further in the findings.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The development of the supply and demand indicator and the Bionic candle served to identify the strongest zones within a trend. Within a downtrend, here an example in H1, there are strong and weaker moves down. As soon as the course goes up again you can see that he overcomes the weak movements downwards, while he fails at the strong movements and is pushed down again. The goal is to filter out the strongest movements to identify future reversals. This was possible with the previous color setting of the Bionic candle, but not as clear.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In my previous post I have written some information about this. A key advantage is that you only see the last decisive pullback within a candle. Thus, the strength of a candle can be seen at a glance. The larger the last pullback, the weaker the movement. However, the limitation of these movements is in the M1, since this is the smallest time unit. To bring the stops below 1pip, I have to be able to look closer into the candle. This is often only possible in a tickchart.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Let's look at a concrete example. On Friday the 08.03.19 between 14:28 to 14:45 CET there was suddenly a strong movement within 5 minutes at 23 pip and then a movement around 27 pip down. In the following 7 minutes the course went up again. In the past it was difficult for me to draw a resistance zone from this movement, because in this case I only had 17 candles and the candles were often not clear enough.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In the 32 Tickchart I received in the same time 228 information about the strength of the individual movements. That was an average of 13 candles per minute. This immediately enabled me to identify the strongest zones within these uncontrolled movements. You can see very well how the strongest movement at point 1 ensures that at point 2 the decisive downward trend is initiated. The two underlying candles also showed a strong movement and had an influence on the price performance. You can see that the course just before point 2 starts to weaken.

What does it mean to identify the strongest candle within a downward movement? This strongest candle means that most of the sales have occurred at this price level at this time. The likelihood is very high that when the price goes up again, it will be in this strong price level again to strong sales.

However, there is no guarantee for this because the strength of the lower resistance is crucial to the uptrend. And if the lower resistance is stronger than the upper resistance, the upper resistance zone is broken by the upward trend.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

First let's look at a very interesting discovery. As a rough example, I'm using the EURUSD in H1 from Jul to Aug 2018. We see a downtrend and immediately thereafter an uptrend of 440 pip each.

In the downtrend we can see that the bullish pullbacks within the Bionic charts are much stronger than the bearish pullbacks. In the uptrend, the bearish pullbacks within the Bionic charts are much stronger than the bullish pullbacks. This is not about the number of pullbacks, but about the size.

In the indicator I developed, you can see these pullbacks very nicely and you can see that in a downtrend bullish pullbacks are much stronger. When a downtrend is strong, the effort to turn it over is very high. As long as the bullish pullbacks are small within the downtrend, the downward trend is strong. As soon as the pullbacks get bigger, the trend weakens.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

At points 1,2 and 3 we detect the strongest movements down and record our resistance zones there. At point 4 we identify the strongest upward movement and record our resistance zone there. They recognize how exactly the zones are to be identified.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

To make it easier for most, I switched the colors of the pullback indicator. So you can immediately tell if it is a strong uptrend or downtrend.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Please note that these calculations are the relevant pullback for me. Within most candles, there are two pullbacks, which are presented in the form of a shadow. The lower shadow of a bullish candle is not relevant for me, as the price went up significantly above the open afterwards. The upper shadow of a bearish candle is not relevant for me, as the price went down significantly over the open afterwards. The pullback in the Bionic chart is for me the last relavant price movement just before the Close. Of course, there are exceptions in some cases, but they were not taken into account.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I have created the two important indicators for you here. The Bionic chart Historam pullback indicator, which on the chart instead of the normal candles, filters out only the pullbacks of a move. The Bionic Pullback Indicator below shows in the overview the strength of the respective trend.

However, you always have to keep an eye on all the movements in order to draw possible conclusions. As already mentioned, a time-based chart is clearly at a disadvantage compared to a tick chart. Although the indicators running in the tickchart, they still need to be adjusted.

I am convinced that in many situations you can now identify the trend reverses faster. But it is like all a matter of time and exercise. The small pullbacks seem to be a crucial key to success, but unfortunately there is no basic statement in forex, which always holds. That would speak against the principle of the stock market.

Conclusion:

Based on the findings so far, we will continue to optimize and expand these pullbacks in the future. It is crucial to get a deeper insight into the candle. This information must then be adapted to the particular situation in order to make possible derivations. I still think that the candle is absolutely enough to make a trading decision. For a rough overview, I also recommend using the supply and demand indicator. You will find detailed information and instructions here on the blog.

The way seems to be the right one, but we will significantly improve the calculations over the next few years to make even better decisions. Who manages to take big profits within the small movements, for the big trend consequences are no longer relevant. Then it does not matter if we are now in an uptrend towards 1.25 or even further down. Every trend moves up and down in wavy lines and we want to take those wavy lines with us. Very small stops with big lots means a small risk for me within a short time. The shorter I stay in the market, the lower the risk of being stopped by unforeseen movements.

This trading style involves a lot of time and experience. In recent years, I have noticed that it is easier for me to anticipate short-term movements more accurately than long-term movements. Therefore, I would prefer 10 to 15 trades in a day rather than a trade to hope the price moves in my direction. With this style of trading a long-term equilibrium can be traded profitably and low volatility phases. So there is no reason to look for rewarding trades in other unpredictable currency pairs. With 3,000 trades within one year, a high level of experience is also created at the same time. But this decision must be made at the end of each trader for himself.

I wish you now that these indicators help you a little bit to capture the market faster and to identify trend reversals even more precisely. I am happy about your experience.

A successful trading week

best regards

Attached File(s)   Bionic Indicators.zip

18 KB
|
1,655 downloads

--- 帖子 #880 ---
that's quite cool Bionics

--- 帖子 #881 ---
Very interesting topic, it probably could be helpful for research papers, I’ll try to share some more information about micro structures very soon, still I’m working on it.

--- 帖子 #882 ---
Hello MTX, hello FireXForex,

Thank you for the nice compliment and the encouragement. Since I work with this approach, the odds have improved significantly. The goal will be to look closer into the candle and get more efficient information. The key seems to be the upper pullback. But I am convinced that we are only at the beginning of an interesting discovery. My Java course has helped to create some basics to program simple individual help indicators. As it seems, the simplest things are the most effective. Nevertheless, there are still many questions that are open. But I have a lot of time to do some experiments besides trading. The interesting thing about this approach: Any trader working with it is independent of costly trainers, indicators or market information. I believe that together we will take a big step forward over the next few years. For this we need the exchange with each other. The information that I pass on here are self-developed and I hope that in return many traders participate in this approach. I know that this kind of trading means a lot of effort, but a successful trading on the stock market unfortunately requires a lot of effort. I am looking forward to a successful future.

best regards

--- 帖子 #883 ---
Additional Bionic strength indicator

Hello dear subscriber,

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In yesterday's post, I showed you two key indicators that will help you identify trend reversals more easily. For this you have once received the Bionic Chart indicator, which shows the color of the pullbacks and an additional graphical overview. Since the candle in the Bionic Chart differs significantly from a Basic Chart, I would like to make two more indicators available today for your convenience.

As I have already said, for me in the current trading bionic pullbacks are crucial factors for a possible trend reversal. In the Bionic Chart, only the bearish pullbacks are displayed in an uptrend, while in a downtrend only the bullish pullbacks are displayed. Depending on the selected time unit, candles that do not contain a pullback are also produced. I would like to elaborate on that today.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In the Basic Candle Chart, strong candles without shadows are displayed when:

Bullish candle open / low and close / high are the same
Bearish candle open / high and low / close are the same

You will soon realize that these candles are very rare. The probability of finding such candles becomes greater the smaller the unit of time is.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

As already written, the lower shadow on a bullish candle in the Bionic Chart is completely uninteresting as it clearly overcomes the open. As soon as the high and close are on a level, this candle is drawn without a pullback as a gray candle. The same is true of the bear candle just the other way around. Of course, this is completely clear that with this form of presentation there are significantly more strong candles in the Bionic Chart than in the typical candle chart. At the same time I already get more information about a trend strength.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

As you can see there are different candles with different strengths in the Bionic Chart. As soon as a pullback is created, the candle strength is clear and clear. The gray candles without pullback are a challenge though.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here is an example in the 1 minute chart of this morning. At least 10 gray candles without pullbacks were created within 65 minutes. Depending on the shape of the candle, it can sometimes be difficult to tell immediately if it is a bullish or bearish candle.

Here I have followed different approaches to make the gray candles visible. First, I added another indicator to the Bionic Chart that shows only the gray candles in each color. The problem was that my tidy chart became very confusing. I tried to color the strong candles in different shades of gray but that too was confusing.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Finally, I have overcome the use of an indicator, which is displayed in a separate window. This shows at a glance how big and strong each candle has been. This leaves my main chart clearly arranged to draw dark blue resistance zones.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

My basic approach has been Equilibrium for many years. An Equilibrium is relatively fast to identify in the chart and I have already written about it a few times. An equilibrium within a candle is called doji. This doji arises whenever the open and close are on a price level. In the Bionic Chart, this doji is also relatively difficult to recognize. A doji always means agreement on the price and, at the same time, an uncertainty.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

For those of you for whom this uncertainty may be important, I've added another indicator that shows you this doji in a separate window. For myself, this uncertainty is already evident from the current course, so I do not work with this indicator myself. But he helps in the beginning in identifying the doji.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Overall, the chart image would now look like this. The main chart should be cleaned up and still give as much information as possible in order to mark resistance zones efficiently.

The Bionic Pullback Indicator helps identify the current trend direction. As we noted earlier, in a bullish trend there are strong bearish pullbecks while in a bearish trend there are strong bullish pullbacks. In this indicator, only the colors were turned over to capture the trend direction faster.

Underneath you can now see the two new indicators that you can download at the end of the article. Which indicators they use for this is purely a matter of taste, I myself usually only use the Bionic chart indicator because this already provides me all the information. However, the bottom indicators might help you get a baseline in the beginning. After that I recommend to delete all indicators and to work only with the Bionic Chart.

In principle, these indicators under the main chart are a kind of support wheel on the bicycle. When I learn to ride a bicycle, I am glad to use these support wheels in an emergency. As soon as I can ride a bicycle I do not need them anymore. The more information I get as a dealer, the more insecurity arises. Successful action comes only through clarity, but for starters, I would recommend these indicators.

A very important aspect for me is the supply and demand indicator, here I prefer working with the strength numbers that are displayed at the end of each trend.

A little tip on the edge:

As soon as an uptrend may be over and the price is already heading down, just draw a line above the last high. Now look for a reference price on the left side within the same price level and consider the strength of this candle. This often gives them a lot of information about the strength of the possible trend sequence.

Unfortunately, the statements in a time-based chart are often very inaccurate and not clear. At some point you should consider if you do  use a tick chart.

The clear advantage of this approach is the rapid identification of the trend strength. Now try to find out for yourself which strength prevails. They'll quickly find that they'll make more accurate trade decisions over time.

I wish you a lot of success and look forward to your feedback.

best regards

Attached File(s)   Bionic Indikators.zip

16 KB
|
1,369 downloads

--- 帖子 #884 ---
Pullback test 10 sec chart vs tick chart

Hello dear subscriber,

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

As I have already said, for me in the current trading bionic pullbacks are crucial factors for a possible trend reversal. In the Bionic Chart, only the bearish pullbacks are displayed in an uptrend, while in a downtrend only the bullish pullbacks are displayed. These little pullbacks seem to be a crucial key to success.

Thus, the strength of a candle can be seen at a glance. The larger the last pullback, the weaker the movement. However, the limitation of these movements is in the M1, since this is the smallest time unit. To bring the stops below 1pip, I have to be able to look closer into the candle. This is often only possible in a tickchart.

However, that also works with a  time chart in seconds. I have already posted a very good and free indicator. I have now tested this seconds chart indicator with different settings. I was looking for the smallest seconds unit where the indicator could already give me good pullback information. The smallest time unit in which this was possible corresponded to 10 seconds. Now I had to calibrate this 10 second chart with the Tick Chart. To compare the pullbacks, both charts had to generate about the same number of candles. Yesterday on 3/15/2019 from 21:20 to 22:00 CET, we reached about the same number of candles with an 8-tick chart as in a 10-second chart.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

This was a good starting point to compare the statement of the Pulllbecks. Basically, one can say first that both indicators provide good pullback information. However, I wanted to know exactly which of the two chat views provides the better values. If we know how accurate these values are, the better statements we can make about possible trading decisions.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Let's first look at the 10 second chart. In the uptrend we can see very well how strong the red pullbacks are formed. Overall, we get about 20 pullback information bear in this uptrend. In the subsequent downward trend there are 24 pullback information bulls.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In the 8th tickchart we have about the same number of candles within the same time period. Within the uptrend we get 27 pullback information bear, while in the downtrend we get 31 pullback information bull. This means that we receive about 30% more information within a tick chart during the same period.

30% more information is already worlds in the forex market and can already decide on success and failure with such a value. Those who can do without 30% of the information could also work with the free 10 second chart. Basically, this is still better than with the M1, In this chat I have within the same period within the uptrend only 10 Pullback Information Bear or 9 Pullback Information bull received.

This makes a 10 second chart already 100% better than the M1. With the tickchart you can then improve this value by another 30%. In the forex market, it's like racing, if you own a good race car, it's always going to be about improving that race car every day. Because every last improvement could make sure that they will one day become world champions.

Being world champion means minimizing risk and loss while increasing profits. After all, we fight small traders against two big opponents, the big players and sometimes the brokers. To win against them you have to be well rested and question and optimize your setup every day.

I hope that you get some interesting information , wish you a nice weekend and a successful trading start on Monday

best regards

--- 帖子 #885 ---
Addendum to Post 881/883 and 885

Hello dear subscribers,

Within the next week we will create a video for these contributions to show this interesting pullback effect.

best regards

--- 帖子 #886 ---
Video sec chart vs tick chart

Hello dear subscriber,

As promised, I once made a video comparison between a 10 seconds chart and a 12 tickchart.

The course was in a downtrend throughout the day today. As already written, the upper pullback of a bullish candle and the lower pullback of a bearish candle seem to have an interesting effect. In a downtrend there are more bullish pullbacks, while in an uptrend there is more bearish pullbacks. Let's take a closer look at this effect.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here you see a downtrend in the EURUSD first and then a small uptrend. During the uptrend, more and stronger bearish pullbacks emerge than bullish pullbacks. Let's take a closer look at the red pullbacks in the current price. As long as the pullbacks are very small or there are no pullbacks at all, the course is strong. Larger pullbacks may signal a small or large trend change.

Underneath is an indicator that shows the pullbacks once more on a zero line. In the indicator, the doji were filtered out, so there are fewer red pullbacks in the indicator than in the price. Since there is only one pullback in a candle within the Bionic chart, you can immediately see the price strength at a glance.

The decisive factor is how many red or green signals I now receive within the course of the price. I did a comparison for that.

Inserted Video

In the video you could already see in the overview, that the tickchart delivers more signals than the seconds chart. Let us now come to the evaluation.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

As we are in a downtrend, the bullish pullbacks of bearish candles are a defining feature.

In the same period, in 10 seconds chart 39 candles bull with 21 signals and in 12 tickchart 37 candles bull with 21 signals. That's about the same value. It gets interesting with the bearish candles.

During the same period, chart 38 candles bear with 12 signals are produced in 10 seconds and 52 candles bear with 26 signals in the 12 tickchart. Of course, there were more bearish candles in the tickchart, although oddly enough, the number of bullish candles in both charts is the same.

If we now bring the bearish candles in both charts to a common denominator, we come to the following conclusion:

In the 10 sec chart, we receive a signal on average in every third candle.

In the 12 tick chart we receive a signal on average in every 2nd candle.

This means that we receive 50% more signals in the tickchart than in the second chart.

In the 1 minute chart we received only 6 signals during the same period. The more signals I receive, the more accurate statements can be made. It's just a question of determining the current price strength in order to be able to make more effective trading decisions in my marked resistance zones. Pay attention to these signals  in the future, I am convinced that it will help you.

I wish you a nice evening.

best regards

--- 帖子 #887 ---
The last 6 months ....

Hello dear subscriber,

Over the past 6 months, we have made some progress in the area of Equilibrium. Let's take a quick look back to understand these steps.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In this overview, we see a monthly chart in EURUSD from 1980 to today. I chose this chart because the monthly candle shows the most accurate display. Within any chart there is no top and bottom. The lowest point was 0.5650 and the highest point was 1.60190 which was reached in the EURUSD. This range is not a guarantee because over the next few years the price could well go above or below the last few points.

Within the current range there are resistance zones that have been active at a similar price level over the last few years. The more course information I have available, the more specific statements I can make about possible future resistance zones. We have already talked about the referencecourse, which are very important.

A course could be thought of as a kind of rubber band. When he goes up, the rubber band is stretched, at a certain point it does not continue and the course goes down again. The rubber band relaxes again. In principle, almost all traders work with resistance zones and support zones. Whether this is determined with Fibonacci, MACD and RSI or offer and demand zones is a question of your own trading style. The key question is when reversals arise. To get to the bottom of this mystery you have to know the power of the rubber band.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The first step was the development of the Bionic chart. This candle consists of high, low and close. This creates within the candle only a pullback that ends with the Close. This made the overview much clearer. In addition, the average strength on the HH and LL was visualized using the ZigZag calculations. This made it possible to determine the respective strength within a current trend.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

This resulted in the relevant supply and demand zones for me. Based on the width of these zones, one can determine the sustainability of a trend. You can quickly see if the strength of a trend is increasing or decreasing. Pullbacks within a trend can be identified more quickly and provide information about the trend sequence. We have already talked about this in detail.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Having been able to determine the strength of the supply and demand zones, we had to go a step further. The smallest unit of a supply and demand zone is the candle. To determine the strength within a candle, only the pullback was made visible. In a bullish candle the red bearish pullback and in a bearish candle the bullish pullback.

The smaller this pullback is, the stronger the candle. Finally, we found that a tickchart delivers 50% more signals than a comparable second chart.

On the chart you can see four downtrends from the highest point 1 from 1.60190. After these downtrends, the price has gone up again. Let's look at how we can use the pullbacks to determine when we could expect another downtrend. We agree that a monthly chart shows very large resistance zones, and these resistance zones can then be significantly reduced in smaller time units.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Let's start with point 1. The first downtrend consisted of three candles point A, B and C. Now look at the three pullbacks. We find that Pullback A is the smallest and the candle was strongest. From low to close, we draw our resistance. We recognize that the uptrend has stopped within this strongest movement and has gone down again.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The second downtrend consisted of seven candles. The second candle was the strongest because she did not have a pullback, the next, stronger candle was the first candle as she had the smallest pullback of all the other candles. As the price went up he stopped within the two strongest candles and then went down again.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

As the price went down, make sure to turn it up within the strongest bullish candle. The price was now up to the second strongest candle and finally turned down.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The third downtrend consisted of eight bearish and eight bullish candles. You can see very well that in the beginning the bullish candles were very weak due to the big pullback. Only at the end of the course did the bullish candles become stronger, which finally led to a turnaround. Of the eight bearish candles, the third was the strongest. And it was exactly this resistance zone that started to rise before the course turned again.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Finally, let's move on to the fourth downtrend. This downtrend consisted of ten bearish candles and a bullish candle. The strongest candle was at point A the second strongest candle at point B. Point B has already started and has pushed the course down. We now know that there is another resistance zone at point A, which once again pushes the course down as soon as it arrives in this zone.

Of course, the whole game works the other way round so they are able to identify the zones where the downtrend is going into an uptrend.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

If you compare the two chart images with this knowledge, you will see that with the help of the Bionic Chart you will get much more information at a glance than with the normal candle chart. The strength of the candles can be seen with a glance in the Bionic Chart. That's exactly why I wanted to develop a clearer candle presentation.

In the next few years the goal will be to look closer into the candle. The normal chart will not bring us further here, as we get 50% better signals in the tick chart. Perhaps a combination of several different tick charts will provide more accurate results. The programming of the indicators for this is certainly a small challenge, but we still have a lot of time, after all, New York was indeed not built in a day.

I wish you an exciting and successful trading week and a nice rest weekend

best regards

--- 帖子 #888 ---
New Density strength indicator!!

Hello dear subscribers,

The Density Indicator is an interesting development as it shows the strength of each candle. A few months ago, has a high impact member and very creative trader palpite on my idea, dividing the Density Indicator into two different colors. Thus, the candle strength was displayed for each of the bullish and bearish movements. Thanks again to palpite for this work.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

With the development of the Bionic chart, the candle has been reduced to the essential elements. As a result of the fact that the Open was dispensed with, the last pullback before the close could be displayed within a candle. This eliminates the Wicks and the candle gives at a glance the real strength again.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The Density Indicator is a great development and is in line with the candle chart, but it is not compatible with the bionic chart. You can see that clearly in the picture. The lower wick in the bullish candle and the upper wick in the bearish candle are ignored in the Bionic chart, as at the time of the close this wick was clearly overcome. The last wick is the deciding point. The smaller this Wick, the stronger the Bionic candle. That should also be noticeable in the density indicator.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Point A shows the density indicator for the Bionic chart, while point B shows the density indicator for the candle chart. In our example, the uptrend is just over and a downtrend begins. At point 1 you can see that the revised Density Indicator shows a significantly stronger candle than at point B. Likewise at point 2, it starts as an uptrend.

Basically, there are more stronger candles with the Density Indicator for the Bionic chart, but this makes the overall picture more harmonious and balanced. A slowing and increasing trend can be identified faster, but one should adapt to the basis of calculation of the Bionic charts.

Just give it a try, it may help you.

I wish you a great weekend.

best regards

Attached File(s)   Density_Histogram_ bionic chart.ex4

9 KB
|
876 downloads

--- 帖子 #889 ---
Good Morning Bionics, I live in EST zone, that’s why.  Quick question for you, might be a newbie/foolish one for you.,

As you mentioned aboved post# 891:-

A price goes up until it comes to a resistance zone that is so strong that the number of sales contracts is greater than the number of buy contracts. Then the price goes down until it comes back into a resistance zone

Why resistance twice, may be a typo.  HOW PRICE/CANDLE/MARKET KNOWS THAT THIS IS RESISTANCE/SUPPORT ZONE??? Because Price/Candle/Market NOTHING but an indicator,IMHO.

Plz answer.

--- 帖子 #890 ---
[quote=loveandpeace;12208485]Good Morning Bionics, I live in EST zone, that’s why. Quick question for you,

Hello loveandpeace,

Thanks for pointing out, that was a mistake. With many different languages, it is always difficult to communicate or express correctly. I hope it is easier and more understandable now.

best wishes

--- 帖子 #891 ---
[quote=Bionics;12208548]
what about my other question??

--- 帖子 #892 ---
Filters are important for martingale protection. In this case the filter protected from the great oscillation that had in the price. When the spread returns to normal the EA will continue the grid with fewer levels than it would have if it were off.

--- 帖子 #893 ---
[quote=loveandpeace;12208580]
Resistance zones are defined and represented differently by each trader. There are several ways to find these zones. Fibonacci, MA, RSI, MACD, etc.

A price can never know that it is a resistance zone, but the price is the result of the number of lots of different market participants. If the number of lots of sellers is greater than the number of lots of buyers, the price drops or vice versa.

With the Bionicchart within a tick chart I am able to analyze the strength of the purchases and sales in the individual price levels. From this I can make an assumption that makes it easier for me to create resistance zones. The resistance zones created by me, however, are based purely on suspicion, because no one can predict exactly what will happen next in this market.

Therefore, it is always about pure speculation, but with tools and experience can lead to a higher profit than loss. Unfortunately there is no guarantee for that.

Best regards

--- 帖子 #894 ---
Thanks for your detailed & honest explanation, different time frame, different Resistance/Support zones, and Market Makers also KNOW, lol.

If it is pure speculation, do not you think it is gambling?? IMHO.

--- 帖子 #895 ---
No one can accurately predict the stock market performance over the long term. But you can not call the stock market a game of chance . I would rather call it a strategy game, in which you always have the opportunity - in addition to the methods of fundamental and technical analysis - to determine your maximum losses per investment from the outset and thus to monitor your risks. For 90% of the traders, the stock market business ends in a minus, that's understandable, because I also took years to find my way around this market. If I had not started with demo accounts back then, I would have been broke for a long time.

Basically, you should do money management but in any case insofar as you think about the distribution of its capital and is aware of how much money you put on the line. In the beginning you lose and the others win and when you find your way you win and the others lose. If you lose, it must not hurt you. Either because you have enough money or because you have sound money management.

If I had known then, against which big players and professionals I compete, I do not know if I would have done it. Today I'm not worried anymore, because when you've spent 40,000 hours in front of the screen, you'll notice the same behaviors and patterns over and over again. Then it will be fun at some point and the profit is a nice side aspect.

But you have to be aware that it can be over tomorrow. The stock market and the interbank market are developing rapidly. Deception, camouflage and confusion are the order of the day on the stock exchange. Who is creative and fast has a chance in this strategy game.

It should never be risked more than you can spare at the time.

Best regards

--- 帖子 #896 ---
Thanks for your reply.

--- 帖子 #897 ---
New Bionic Power Indicator

Hello dear Subscriber,

As I have already written several times, the candle chart is the quickest and most efficient indicator for me. With the Bionic Chart I could do without the Open, which led to a simplified representation of the candle. Within a current chart, candles are very difficult to compare because they are at different price levels. Exactly there are indicators, which have the task to simplify the overview.

A course goes up until it comes to a resistance zone that is so strong that it pushes the course down. Then the price goes down until it comes back into a resistance zone. Every trader would like an overview that shows exactly when the number of sellers is greater than the number of buyers or vice versa.

My first step with the Bionic Chart was to visualize the current strength within a candle. Due to the renunciation of the Open, only one wick was created within the candle. The upper wick for the bullish candle and the lower wick for the bearish candle. The smaller this wick in the current course, the stronger the candle. The strongest movement is a Bionickerze without Wick, but here it depends on the size of the candle and the other on which price level they are.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here we see a price action in the EURUSD 32 tickchart of this morning between 8:45 and 9:15 CET. Two indicators have been incorporated, the new Bionic Power Indicator and for comparison the Price Linear Indicator.

The price linear indicator represents the candles on a zero line. The problem was that on the zero line the open of a candle was displayed. This inevitably leads to a unclear presentation. My goal was to show the low of a bullish candle and the high of a bearish candle on the zero line, which makes the picture clearer.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In this comparison, you can see that very well. Since there is no open in the bionic candle, the launch of a bearish candle is at high and the start of a bullish candle at low. In addition, I've filtered out the doji, as they signal no clear trend for me. In this overview, you can see that the presentation of the bionics indicator is much clearer. Now we just want to find out if this indicator also works more efficiently.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Today's morning session was twelve pip down and immediately after twelve pip up. At point A you see a strong candle that runs down and at point B a very strong candle that goes up. Candle C was the key for me because it broke through this resistance zone. Let's take a closer look at the downtrend and uptrend using the indicator.
It can be seen that there have been many bullish upward moments within the downtrend. There was relatively little downward momentum in the uptrend. While the downward trend ended with a stronger downtrend, the uptrend was strong but even. Looking at the indicator, it is noticeable that the uptrend was significantly stronger and more consistent than the downtrend. Let's take a closer look at the uptrend. The trend from point 1 to point B is much stronger than from point B to point 2. This confirms my drawn resistance zone.

If you only have this picture in mind, you know that the price trend will continue to run upwards with a high probability. Going up from point D would make no sense, as we do not know how far the pullback goes. However, what I can foresee: If the course penetrates from above into my drawn resistance zone, one can assume with a high probability that the course will turn and continue to run upwards. So I let the trend run for now and wait for it to come back to my resistance zone.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

As we discovered later, the assumption was correct. With a stop of one pip you were able to reach a maximum of 18 pip. However, I got out at the first big reset and was able to reach 15 pip. Shortly thereafter, the course went down again by 15 pip and turned exactly on my marked resistance zone E.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The comparison with a bull bear indicator is quite interesting. From point A to point B it looks like the course is going up again. That's why you should never rely on indicators. Indicators should only be a help to find the right resistance zones.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Try it for yourself if the New Bionic Power indicator gives you a better overview of the trend. Please note, however, the changed calculation method.

The Bionic Power Indicator calculates the low for the bullish candle to the close, the close to the high does not pay attention, because it is a pullback.

With the bearish candle, the high is calculated up to the close, the close to the low is ignored, because this is also a pullback. So this is about the Bionic net candles, so the force that actually prevails in a trend.

The Price Linear Indicator is also available for you to compare the two indicators.

I wish you a successful trading week and I look forward to your feedback.

best regards

Attached File(s)   New Bionic Power without Doji 1.2.ex4

9 KB
|
835 downloads

Attached File(s)   Price Linear.ex4

9 KB
|
774 downloads

--- 帖子 #898 ---
In the type of entry breakout, the order will be executed directly when the price has broken through a resistance or support.

--- 帖子 #899 ---
A special Easter present

Hello dear subscribers,

At Easter I would like to make you a special present once. We private traders are a special species and should stick together in this tough market and help us out. A good trader learns every day and constantly questions his strategy to become effectively better.

On May 8, 1985, our former Federal President Richard von Weizsäcker made a historic speech. The headline read: If you close your eyes to the past, you become blind to the present and thus to the future. I have successfully applied this sentence in my life and asked myself if this does not work in stock market trading.

Let's do a test and learn from the past to get better in the future.

One of the reasons why I only trade the EURUSD is based on the fact that there are a lot of price data. On August 10, 1953, the US dollar was first listed on the Frankfurt Foreign Exchange. This year he reached a mean of around 2.10 euros for one dollar. Until the early 1970s, the exchange rates were set by the D-Mark to the US dollar according to the Bretton Woods system. Only then did a flexible exchange rate develop according to supply and demand in the foreign exchange market.

The euro was only created in the year 2000 and was introduced in 2002, but the price calculations DM / USD were converted accordingly into EURO before that. Thus, today we have 580 months with concrete course calculations OHLC. In the H4 chart, however, these courses only become clearer and clearer from 1989 onwards. With the Bionicchart you can also present the courses much clearer.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The monthly candle has the highest priority, as it clearly and clearly reflects the price trend. I have now downloaded 2,320 OHLC data from the last 580 months to find out in which relationship the bulls and bears are. As a basis, I took my developed Bionickerze, which works only with HLC and renounces the Open. This creates, as you know, only a wick, which I would like to call a pullback. Within a candle we have a bullish or bearish movement and a pullback. I once examined and analyzed these movements in more detail.

Please note that in this post Pip is supposed to represent an abbreviation of pipette, as pipettes are displayed in the Metatrader.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Of the 580 monthly candles, there have been 307 bullish and 273 bearish candles so far. Although there were also two Doji in 1974 and 1999, which I did not take into account, as the courses were not clear there. The distribution of bulls and bears is almost identical to this day.

The average bullish candle had 3,401 pip and a pullback of 1,011 pip while the bearish candle reached 3,591 pip and had a pullback of 1,077 pip. The average bullish candle performance was 2,390 pip and the average bearish candle yield was 2,515 pip. This shows that the bearish candle is on average 5% larger than the bullish candle. This proves that it goes down faster on average than up.

Conclusion: The bulls and bears are almost evenly distributed, even if it does not look like this at first glance.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In the 580 months bullish candles reached a total of 1,043,963 pips and a pullback of 293,979 pips. The bearish candles reached 980,460 pip and a pullback of 310,241 pip. Add the bullish candles and the bearish pullbacks and all bullish candles with the bullish pullbacks, we get a distribution of 48% bearish moves to 52% bullish moves.

Striking were the pullbacks inside the candle. Over the entire 580-month period, the pullback was an average of 30% in both bearish and bullish candles. That should be very interesting for our Fibonacci friends.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

If we compare the pure bullish and bearish candle movements, we come to the result of 63.503 pip in favor of the bulls. All pullbacks added together give a minus of 16,262 pip. The total result is thus 47,241 pip in favor of the bulls. From 1971 to the present day, we have an average bullish increase of 81.5 pip per month. If we now calculate the lowest price of 0.58796 and the now calculated close of 1.12446, 58.796 pip come out. Why is this difference of more than 11,000 pips created? If you look at the chart, you will see that the candles partially overlap. If the candles were to connect exactly to the next candle the result would be correct.

So we note that in the EURUSD to this day the bulls as well as the bears are in balance with each other. This also corresponds basically to all physical laws and also the laws of nature: What I give in a maximum, I can also take out maximum again. Exactly this aspect is very in line with my trade approach of supply and demand. I just wanted to go one step further to find out to what extent these bullish and bearish moves are crucial to a possible trend reversal.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

At point A and B I have again listed the difference between a normal candle and the bionic candle. At point C you will see different Bionic candles from left to right, from the pure bullish candle to the pure bearish candle.

I have now developed an indicator that records all bullish movements above the zero line and all bearish movements below the zero line, but according to the calculation principles of the Bionic candle. We remember the Bionickerze I renounce the Open. The indicator records both the pure candle movement and the pullback within a candle.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Now let's take a look at the last 38 month candles in EURUSD with the new indicator. Crucial for the consideration are the three previously known trend reversals, which are each marked with an arrow. At point A is the redesigned indicator that records both bullish and bearish moves. Below point B is an indicator that compares the percentages of the individual values on the whole. This makes it possible to show the proportionality of the pullbacks more efficiently. The indicator has yet to be created, but is only marginally important to our contribution today.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

To make it easier, I have shown the standard candle. We start with the red arrow in May 2016. There we see a strong candle going down. Two things stand out. At points A and B you can see how the bullish strength wears off. At point 1 you can see that it is a strong move as there is only a very small pullback. It is not a question of downsizing this bearish candle, but it is a matter of determining if a big downtrend is initiated or not. During the session, you will notice that after the strong downtrend, a small uptrend has taken place again, followed by a stronger downtrend. The mere fact of knowing that a price is in a prolonged downtrend gives the opportunity for very interesting trading approaches.

At point 3 in January 2017, a turnaround is emerging. Again, we find that it is a strong bullish candle with a very small pullback. At the same time we see at point C and D how the bearish movements get smaller and smaller. Again, bullish trading after closing would have been a mistake as the price went down. However, one could already have seen here that a new trend reversal was launched. This phenomenon of the small pullback I have already described several times in my previous blogs.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Let's take a look at the third example from February 2018. In this case, you could not see a reduction in bullish movements in the two previous candles, but there was a significant increase in bearish pullbacks. Here, the bottom indicator to bear the very clearly shows that the last bullish candle before the turnaround was significantly weaker than the two candles before. After point 1 they see on the indicator how the bears dominate towards the bulls.

In principle, I would like to emphasize once again that it is not about entering into a trade based on this information. Rather, this information serves a possible long-term prediction of a trend. So it's all about defining the overall trend order. In smaller time units I can then find out the middle and smaller trend sequence.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Now let's look at the indicator in MT4. As you can see, the large movements with a small pullback are so-called key candles, which can give an indication of a possible trend reversal. However, as traders, we know that there will not be 100% reliability, as the market is always good for a surprise.

I have now colored the trend once, you can clearly see how the bearish movements in the downtrend dominate and vice versa. In addition, you can see how the pullback becomes stronger before a turnaround. Of course you should pay attention to the resistance zones with the help of demand and supply. The strongest resistance zones are always inside the strongest candles, so the ones with the smallest pullback

The interesting thing about this indicator is that both the strong moves and the pullbacks are listed. This shows at a glance where the main direction is going. As soon as the pullback increases in a major move, there is a high probability that a turnaround will be initiated. Of course, this indicator works in all time units and also on all tick charts. Try it yourself, I am sure that over time it will be easy for you to identify potential long-term reversals more quickly. In addition, I recommend you in the future to work with the Bionic Chart because it shows all the pullbacks at a glance.

This indicator is an auxiliary indicator and optimal for preparing the trending. Please note that the last candle is meaningful only after the close. Of course, you can also show the pullbacks in other colors, or just leave them out, then you only have the bionic net movement.

At this point, I wanted to thank you once again for your cooperation and the great ideas that we have worked out over the last few months and look forward to the coming years with you. I am convinced that we are taking a small step each month.

I wish you all a great Easter and a few contemplative days in the circle of your loving family.

I am looking forward to your feedback

Lovely wishes

Attached File(s)   New Bionic Power without Doji & Pullback 1.2.ex4

10 KB
|
1,455 downloads

--- 帖子 #900 ---
Supplement to Post 901

Hello dear subscribers,

I had the fun to compare the monthly analysis with a daily analysis. Unfortunately, only from June 1972 did meaningful day candles exist, so that I could only compare just under 50,000 records of 12,463 days.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Of course, the fluctuation range in the daily analysis is about 3.6 times higher than in the monthly chart. Nothing changes in the overall result. The bears had a share of 49%, while the bulls had a share of 51%. There can be no better evidence of a balanced trade relationship. When I charge a 50 amp battery, I can only take 50 amps. If the battery is empty, it must be recharged.

I hope that the new indicator will help you.

I wish you a happy Easter.

best regards

--- 帖子 #901 ---
Forecast for the next few weeks

Hello dear subscribers,

a long-term outlook of possible price action is purely speculative and almost impossible, yet many traders need a medium-term outlook to orientate themselves and align future trading decisions accordingly.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

After the EURUSD went to 1.11, there was another demand market and the price so far has risen by 140 pip.

I suspect the course will now run up to Zone A (1,13530 - 1,13730). I tried to narrow down the zone to 1.1366 - 1.1364. Within this zone, there is a stronger demand market, which will push the price down again. On the way to 1.13600 there are two stronger resistance zones for me.

In zone C 1,11835 to 1,11904 there is a smaller resistance zone that will not halt the medium-term uptrend to 1.13600.

Zone B, 1,12787 to 1,12892, seems to be a bit stronger and could push the price down for a few days. Nevertheless, the course will continue from there to 1,13600.

Zone A could push down the course more, if the strength is enough to push it to 1.11850, it is very difficult to answer. Should the price break the 1.11800, a breach of 1.11 is expected.

In H4 we are in an uptrend up to 1.13600. Of course a course runs in wavy lines and we have to look for decisive reversal points in the smaller time units.

With the Bionicchart we can see the candle thickness at a glance and draw possible resistance zones from it. However, a statement on such a long time is pure speculation and impossible. If I was right, it was pure luck, if I was wrong I have to look where my mistake was. No matter what comes out of it, what matters is the learning effect and that we get a little better every day.

Although we can not foresee the future, we can help shape you a little.

I wish you another successful trading week

best regards

--- 帖子 #902 ---
Long-term independence

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Dear Subscriber,

For the MetaTrader, there are already countless EA and indicators that were developed from an idea by a trader or programmer. The indicators were usually based on a system with which the developer had had good experiences and who brought his system forward. There are three types of indicators here. EA carry out independent trading decisions according to defined rules. Trade indicators that provide entry and exit information and, finally, auxiliary indicators that provide the trader with important information to help him find the optimal entry and exit points.

Every trader tries at the beginning of his career to develop the optimal strategy for him. Once he has found the optimal strategy, it is about optimizing this strategy to reduce risk while increasing profits. This is usually a process that takes many years.

This process is similar to a sport. Already as a child we try different sports and if we are lucky, we find the sport that we enjoy very early. After learning the basics, it's about optimization. Diligence, discipline, ambition, fighting spirit, motivation and many more qualities. These qualities are required to become a professional in the chosen sport. 90% of athletes fail because time, nutrition, money, health or other things are incompatible with their lives. Finally, you give up and run this sport only incidentally. From our own experience we know that if you do not train several times a week, you forget important skills. So it is in stock market trading.

Whichever strategy you use in trading, as the courses happen to be random, there is never a right or wrong. No one can predict the courses on a permanent basis, but we can develop strategies to help us make assumptions, turn the odds in our favor. The big players in the market have the distinct advantage over us smaller traders that they can move the prices decisively. Of course, every smallest purchase or sale moves the price, but it does make a difference if you place 1 lot or 100,000 lots.

So for us smaller traders only the opportunity to let us drift with the course, but we need to know where the course is going in the future. We benefit from our experience and strategy, which we have developed over many years. If you have been trading for several years you will have developed a strategy that is unique. Often this strategy is a combination of experience and intuition. Although you can teach this unique strategy to other traders, your way of trading always remains unique. "When two people do the same thing it is far from being identical."

On this basis, every trader would need to have his own indicators tailored to him, so to speak. A tailored suit that sits 100% right. In Formula 1, a race car is tuned exactly to the driver, if another driver would drive with it he would have no chance to win the race. Let's take a closer look.

When I started trading many years ago, the indicators were a guarantee for me to win. In principle, I needed an independent institution that told me to buy or sell because I did not trust myself. Indicators took control of me and I tried thousands of different indicators. There were three phases in the search for the Holy Grail. Enthusiasm and motivation when I discovered an interesting indicator. Then came doubt and disillusionment and finally the consequence that it is not the right one. And so it went for many years until I realized that due to the different market movements no indicator can function properly in the long term. The fastest indicator is the price chart, but with the closing price of the last candle, the price type was already past.

I focused exclusively on the price chart to determine resistance zones. Here, the identification of equilibrium helped me within supply and demand. This approach provided a breakthrough and profits were higher than losses. I had found my way and now it was about this system to optimize for me.

The first step was to analyze the strength of the supply and demand zones in order to draw conclusions for a future price development. The ZigZag indicator served as the basis for visualizing the strength of the supply and demand zones. The Bionic supply and demand indicator was born.

I have always had problems to interpret the standard candle correctly, after all, this candle is a reflection of all purchases and sales that have taken place within a certain period of time.

Several years ago, I came to the conclusion that the obsolete view of OHLC did not meet my requirements and I was looking for a solution. With the basic idea: "Less is more" I tried to optimize the information within a candle. The simplest things are often the most successful ones and so one day I came up with the idea to renounce the open. As a result, there were only two instead of five movements within a candle. In addition, one could draw conclusions about the candlestick through the pullback inside a candle, the Bionicchart was born.

With the help of the Bionic supply and demand indicator and the Bionicchart, the resistance zones were easier to locate, but the identification of a turnaround with a stop of a maximum of 1 pip was still a challenge. I searched for more solutions and had an idea. For the first indicators, I had the help of a great programmer from Germany. Although we speak the same language, it has often been difficult to explain how I imagine the indicator to be calculated. This led to misunderstandings and extended the programming time significantly.

If you had to explain it all in a foreign language, the misunderstandings would be much higher. The big problem, if you have the idea as an indicator, you first have to explain the correct calculation basis to the programmer. After that, the programmer sits down and develops the indicator. Then he is checked for errors and must be improved again and again. When it is finally developed and used, it is clear that this indicator is not the holy grail either. After a few missions, it may well be that this indicator disappears again.

We can only say with certainty if an indicator helps if we use it. And as a rule, the expectations are usually higher than the result. In my case, that was a bit different, as I had previously done extensive Excel calculations and drawings on the chart, which looked very promising.

Several months ago, I had more ideas that I discussed with the experienced programmer. Unfortunately, he was not feeling well at the time and was not able to help me with this problem. He advised me to try it myself once. Although I had made my certified Master in Java over 2000 hours last year, when I saw the build-up of the MQL4 file, it did not necessarily take me any further at first.

I just started to open the MetaEditor and upload a similar indicator. Then I started to deal with this programming language and started to program. If I got stuck I get help from the internet or I saved the file and continued the next day.

There are many aids to MQL4 programming including:

https://docs.mql4.com/

Within the first week I had programmed my first indicator, gradually increased the level of difficulty and learned every day. As a beginner, it is very helpful to create simple blueprints first over Excel, because there you can check the functionality directly. If the indicator does what you expect, you can easily program it in Mql4.

The bottom line is not that you're a professional programmer, but rather the creative idea. Programming can be learned as well as a language, it's just a matter of time and utility. As a full-time trader, I have a few hours each day that I have not used efficiently. I am now investing this time to refine my strategy. An entrepreneur should always invest in his company and since time is the most valuable asset, I kill two birds with one stone.

Sure, my way of programming is still adventurous and experimental, but the indicator does what I expect of him and that's what matters. You learn the basics of calculation from other indicators and suddenly see things in a different light. If an indicator does not do what I expect it to do, I'll simply change the code. That is fast, efficient and gives a certain independence. But it will be some time before I do professional programming, but I like to take that time.

Since I work almost exclusively in the Tickchart, it was a great challenge to run the tickchart indicators. It took a few hours, but the result was very motivating.

As I have already described in a blog, the futures market is much easier to trade. A later change to another trading platform like Ninjatrader or Nanotrader is easy, because you take along and reprogram your indicators. So far this has prevented me from changing.

If you only drink a glass of milk every day, you should not buy a cow.

The point is now in what situation you are. If you're a full-time trader who has found his own personal strategy and wants to refine that strategy independently, I can give you the advice: Start programming. This is not about the money you can save, but about the time. If I have an idea, it's harder to explain this idea a stranger than just programming it myself. Maybe not at the beginning, because I first have to learn the basics, but in the long term, it pays off.

Focus on the essentials

My strategy is supply and demand, I focus exclusively on this and now try to make the auxiliary indicators fit for me. These indicators give me no entry or exit signals, they help me just the resistance zones to trend reversal easier to locate. In the tickchart, I am able to bring my stops in a range of less than 1 pip. I am very grateful to the programmer that he did not have time to program another indicator, so I was forced to become active myself. At first I was worried that I could ever do it, but with each passing day I became better and more efficient.

Of course, it will not effizient for all to start programming, it is always a question of each situation. Nevertheless, it is worth considering whether such a step could be worthwhile.

The first step is the hardest, but not necessarily the most decisive.

Of course, I will continue to publish my ideas and findings in this blog and I am pleased about suggestions that bring us within supply and demand forwards.

I wish you a successful trading week

--- 帖子 #903 ---
Bionics balance sheet indicator

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Hello dear subscribers,

Steve Nison, who introduced the candlesticks in the Western world, pointed out that the first so-called candlestick charts appeared after 1850. To a large extent, the development of candlesticks and charting is due to a legendary rice trader from Sakata known as Homma. Most likely, his innovative ideas were rigorously modified and then refined into years of trading, eventually leading to the system of candlestick charts we encounter on a daily basis as forex and CFD traders.

This candle shape has not changed until today. There were some changes with Renko and Heiken Ashi, of which the Heiken Ashi could prevail. Why was the candle chart no further development in the most important indicator? That would be like driving today in the car industry with old cars and technology. There were great innovations here and eventually the electric car might replace the petrol engine.

Maybe there were no big alternatives for the candles, because to see OHLC you need 4 visible signals. In addition, many traders work according to the market technique, the chart is almost irrelevant here. His analyzes and insights are based primarily on pre-defined mathematical and statistical calculations, which are based on the price and, if necessary, the trading volume. For a market technician, an indicator thus provides a clear statement, while the room for interpretation in charts is much larger. The chart technique thus represents a subjective analysis technique, the market technique an objective.

In the area of supply and demand I concentrate exclusively on the chart technique and try to identify resistance and support lines. There are special key candles for me, which show me exactly the resistance levels and initiate a turnaround.

I have found, after I started programming my own auxiliary indicators, that I am increasingly able to achieve stops of 0.5 Pip or less, which significantly optimizes the price / earnings ratio. But as already written, I am still at the beginning and it will take some time to make it a comprehensible derivation.

For me, supply and demand are movements that stretch and relax like a rubber band. After the complete change to a non-time-based chart view, I only work with the following tick charts. 16, 32, 64, 128, 256, 512, 1,024, 2,048, 4,096, 8,196 and 16,392. These are roughly comparable to the 15 sec, 30 sec, M1, M2, M4, M8, M15, M30, H1, H2 and H4. I prefer to work in the 32 tickchart because I can exactly identify the key candles there.

Interestingly enough, I am able to successfully handle strong breakouts at key sessions or to take part in the strong moves without much risk.

An example of the key candles I have published on 4.0ktober 2018 in a video, but still in the 5 sec chart, which is much harder to act than a tick chart.

Inserted Video

I have drawn the resistance lines with the key candles in seconds based on my experience. The goal is to allow each of you to realize the identification of these key candles in the same way with the help of auxiliary indicators and hints in this blog. This is not an easy path, but the hit rate should convince everyone of you. If you wish, we will talk more about it in the coming months. With the Bionicchart, it was a clear step forward for me, because my principle is: One thing is good, if you can not leave anything out.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Let's compare a normal Candle Chart Bull with the Bionic Chart Bull.

With the bullish candle, the wicks are always neutral. They run from open to low and back to open, from close to high and back to close. The actual candle body corresponds to the actual movement, in our case from open to close. Since the Bionic Chart dispenses with the open, only two movements are created instead of five movements. The first movement is from low to high and then there is a pullback within the candle from high to close. The actual candle body thus ranges from low to close. The fact that the neutral movements were eliminated in the bionic candle, creates for me a clear representation of the actual movements. Of course, in the lower wick indirectly a neutral movement has taken place, but for me that is no longer neutral, because it has run well beyond the open to the high. Usually, with a bullish candle, the upper wick is the last move before the price goes into close. Of course there are also isolated cases where this is exactly the opposite, but I do not want to consider these individual cases here. The fact is that after the close the candle is bullish and thus the lower wick does not apply to me. The upper wick is for me the most important and most recent pullback, because immediately after the close is reached.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

This also changes the calculation of the strength inside the candle, which is important for me to identify the key candle. In the candle , a total of 40 pip of bullish movements occurred during 20 pip bearish movements. This puts the bullish strength at 66%. The Bionic Chart produced 40 pip bullish moves and 10 pip bearish moves. This puts the bullish strength at 75%. The key is that I only have to pay attention to the upper wick in the case of a bullish candle and only to the lower pullback in the bearish candle.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In a direct comparison of both different charts, one can see at a glance that the bionic candle immediately shows the bullish and bearish movements. The comparison is not quite correct because you normally would have to represent the wicks differently in the candle chart.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

As a rule, I do not work with so many colors because they only confuse me on the chart. Usually I just let the pullbacks show because they are the crucial last move before the close. I have written in detail in some blogs.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Now you can go over to put the individual candles in an indicator next to each other to make the movements clearer. This approach is already good but has that in the bullish movements also bearish movements are included. I wanted to separate the bullish and bearish movements similar to a balance sheet, where also the income and expenditure are clearly separated.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

This created the bionics balance sheet indicator. Here you can see at a glance on the upper side all bullish movements and on the lower side all bearish movements. In addition, the movements were still limited with two white lines, for a better overview. If you take a closer look you realize that the bears are already getting stronger before a small downtrend. At point A and B you can see that very well. The auxiliary indicator is to be understood as a harbinger of a possible future course of motion.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

All indicators presented so far aim to identify the key candle that initiates a trend reversal. The supply and demand zones shown here in the main chart (point C) are suitable for those who are not yet so familiar with supply and demand. This makes it easy to see at a glance whether it is a sustainable trend and how the strength of the trend is changing. The numbers above show the average strength of the trend. I have modified these numbers again and brought them to the size of pipettes, since we can work with them in the Tick Chart. I will also make this modified indicator available within the next few days. At point A you can see the bionic balance sheet indicator, which I like to make available to you today.

In the last few weeks, I have been working on another help indicator that you can see at point B. This is about the percentage distribution of bullish and bearish movements. The indicator serves the goal of identifying possible reversals even earlier. As soon as the test run is completed, you will also receive this very interesting indicator.

Once the basic project is complete, they will have all the tools we can use to search for the key candles that will lead to a turnaround.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

On May 1st at about 13:00 CET, I made a prognosis for the next few weeks. Basically, it is very difficult to make a long-term statement, but due to the supply and demand zones, I had the following idea:

In the 16,384 tick chart we can see a sustainable and strong demand zone at point B, which led me to suspect that supply zone A would not be overcome for the first time and that the trend reversal would have to take place within zone B. However, the price has fallen even earlier than I thought, exactly for this reason, long-term trend prospects pure chance forecasts.

In the comparable H4 chart, the offer zone at point C is significantly larger than the demand zone at point D. However, the ZigZag calculations in the time-based chart show incorrect values. That's one reason why the tickchart is preferred by me.

Whether the concrete prognosis is correct or not is in principle completely irrelevant. It is more important to know where the medium-term trend is going. This enables me to take the decisive moves with me. On Thursday, the 9th of May, at 8:00 CET, I wrote to a friend who is also a member of FF that today I expect a strong uptrend in EURUSD. He asked me why. I answered: We have a strong resistance zone between 1.12130 and 1.12200. The course has already tried to break this zone six times in the 16,384 Tick Chart. Either the course manages to break through this zone or he will fall heavily back to the 1,111. That's just a guess.

After the London Open, the price dropped by 25 pip and then back to my special zone 1.11835 to 1.11904, which I published a few days ago. From 14:00 CET the price went up almost 70 pip. Of course, the prognosis was lucky, but it is an advantage if you have this assumption before due to the key candle and then get the right entry.

In the next few months we will be dealing more with the key candles, and I am convinced that we will all benefit from them. I admit that the nature of the trade is a big challenge as many systems are easier to apply. But maybe the fact that over 90% of trader losing more money than winning is a good reason to change the point of view. I would be happy if I could contribute to that.

The stock market is like Monopoly, only at the end you know what mistakes you have made.

I wish you a great rest weekend and keep your fingers crossed for the new trading week to be a great success.

best regards

Attached File(s)   Bionik balance sheet .ex4

12 KB
|
1,046 downloads

--- 帖子 #904 ---
Is a tickchart really beneficial?

Hello dear subscribers,

Today I would like to go back to the different chart presentations in the MT4. Basically, we get three essential data from the broker. On the one hand, the courses in the form of OHLC data, the time and the volume, ie the number of trades concluded by the trading participants. In our main chart there is always a fixed value and two variable values.

In a M5 candle chart, time is the fixed value. Of course, I can also switch to a M15 or H1, but even there time is a fixed value. For this we have two variable values, the volume and the price data that change.

In a Renko chart, the price data is the fixed value, which of course you can set individually. There are also two variable values on the one hand the volume on the other hand the time.

In a tick chart, the volume is the fixed value. This means nothing else, for example, that in a 32 tick chart, after 32 trades a new candle is formed. In this case, that is the price data and the time the variable value. In the tick chart, it does not matter if only one contract or 100 contracts are traded in a trading transaction.

For the optimal setting of the main chart, it is crucial which trading style you follow and what data is required for you to create a possible derivation.

My trading direction is scalping, I prefer to trade the trend against the trend or the pullback within a trend, as these movements are usually relatively fast. Within an equilibrium, of course, I am dealing with the trend, as pullbacks are less profitable there. In principle, the trend direction plays a subordinate role.

In the area of demand and supply, it is always importend for me to find the key candle, which is responsible for the resistance zone and will initiated a turnaround.

As a countertrend trader, you need very precise information within a short time to quickly and efficiently determine resistance zones that lead to a turnaround. Since I often trade between 4-10 pip, it is essential to achieve a 0.5 pip stop to create a maximum risk of 1 pip. Otherwise, the effort would not be worthwhile. The M1 chart is unsuitable for this type of trading and in the past I have dealt with the seconds chart. However, this had the disadvantage that it took some time in offline mode until a certain number of candles was displayed.

I was able to narrow down this disadvantage with the tick chart, as it shows me directly all the candles. Another advantage is that a great many candles are created in a large number of trading transactions, such as for business figures or meetings in the Tick Chart, and there are few candles for pre-trading and night trading.

Especially in the case of strong eruptions, where only a strong candle is created in the M1, there are considerably more candles in the tickchart, which simplifies identification of the resistance zones. The tickchart produces almost the same volume in each candle, but you can not analyze any volume spikes. However, that did not matter to me in the past, so I did not have to do without anything in this area.

Compared to a time-based chart, the tick chart is much better in terms of support and resistance. This puts me in a position to work out the resistance zones even more precisely, which fits perfectly with my personal trading style.

In the tick chart the price data and the time are the variable factor. For example, as each candle ends after 32 trades, I am able to see exactly in which candle the number of contracts increases significantly. This information makes it easier for me to identify supply and demand zones.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I would like to give an example of the different form of presentation. I used the course data from May 9, 12:00 CET to May 14, 08:00 CET. The relevant price development of this period can be seen here in the EURUSD M5.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

First of all, I drew a line every 4 hours in the time-based chart M5. As you can see, the distance between these lines is the same except at the start of trading after the weekend.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The same procedure I have now applied in a 256 Tickchart, since this is similar to the M5. As you can already see here, the zones are different, although each is 4 hours. It can be seen immediately, as soon as the volume increases, the zones become significantly larger. So when there is a lot of movement in the market, significantly more candles are produced which make it easier for me to detect resistance zones and support zones more quickly.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Next I proceeded to draw the marked zones with the bionics candle. The advantage is, as I have already written in that there are only two movements within this bioniccandle. Again, you can clearly see that in the time-based lower chart, the candle width is the same, while in the upper tick chart, the candles depending on the volume have a different width. Since time is unimportant to me, I am able to immediately recognize in which candle a strong movement has taken place.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Let's compare the first two candles of the different chart representations. The volume is slightly different, but that is also clear, since in this case the candle was simply cut in the middle in the tick chart and therefore it must come to a different volume. Basically, you can assume that within 4 hours the volume is the same. The difference is not really noticeable here either. Nevertheless, one can notice immediately that in the tick chart, the second candle is wider and thus it is clear that within this candle more subordinate candles were formed.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In direct comparison, you can see the differences immediately. Pay attention only once to the first strong outbreak in the M5 and Tickchart. By having more candle information, I am also able to more easily determine my resistance zone. Whereby this is a 256 tick chart and I rather act in 32 tick chart.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In order to translate the 256 tick chart into a 4 hour chart, I took the trouble to deposit the price with the bioniccandle. And that is the decisive advantage for me, if there is a lot of movement, more candles are created, and if there is less going on it will be less candles. Personally, I do not work with the background zones, the pure price scale is absolutely sufficient for me. Of course, there are now indicators in the background that give me more information, we have already and we will talk in more detail.

As a medium-term swing trader or day trader, this approach should be rather uninteresting, but it could be very beneficial for the entrances and exits. As before, I generally recommend to refrain from standard indicators and to work with the pure chart. Auxiliary Indicators may provide additional information as far as they are personally tailored to you.

That is why I started to program my own indicators because I know exactly what kind of information I need in order to implement a successful trade. Since the indicators I need do not exist on the market and I'm just getting started programming Mql4, sometimes it takes a bit longer. With Java, it would be a lot easier, but what takes a long time will be really good.

I wish you a very successful trading week

best regards

--- 帖子 #905 ---
Addendum to Post 906 Is a tickchart really beneficial?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Hello dear subscribers,

To be able to differentiate the 3 different chart representations better, I have created an overview. As I have already written, of 3 values the broker delivers to us only one value fixed while two values are variable. Time, OHLC and volume are available and you decide what is important to you. It should be noted here that the different chart representations have both advantages and disadvantages.

For the tick chart, I chose primarily because the most optimal solution is to recognize the increase in lots directly in the chart. Since the volume in a candle is always the same, a larger candle must inevitably contain a higher number of lots, otherwise it could not be larger than the candle in front of it.

As a small trader, we can not influence the market, so the big players have to pull us along. For this we have to be able to recognize and read the traces of the big players. The tickchart offers me this possibility, even if I never know the exact number of lots used. However, I find the big players simpler and thus able to estimate where the path can go. Resistance zones in the area of supply and demand are much easier to analyze and stops of 0.5 pip are very often feasible.

This increases the opportunity risk ratio while reducing a potential loss. 10 pip are very often achievable in the EURUSD during the day and with a total risk of 0.5 pip stop and 0.5 pip spread it is easy to reach a risk ratio of 1:10. With a chance risk ratio of 1:10, I could run 90% of 10 trades in the loss without losing overall. Another advantage is that you are only very short in the market and thereby further minimizes the risk. With a total risk of 1 pip, 20 or 30 lots are easier to trade and easier to accept a loss.

However, one should trust that only with a certain experience and enough reserves in the background. You should only trade with money that you do not need. Of course we want to win and not lose, but it does not work without losing. A professional trader for me is Goldman Sachs, who gains 225 times out of 250 trading days. And that's why I'm trying to read their tracks, because where they want to go, I want to go there too. And if I find them, they will certainly take me on the journey, provided that they do not discover me before.

And that's exactly what makes me passionate about trading, every day is a challenge to find the big players in the market and travel with them, silently, damn fast and efficiently. Of course, this does not always work, but with the right tools, that's possible.

It is not the big ones who eat the little ones, but the fast ones the slow ones. That's our advantage we have.

best regards

--- 帖子 #906 ---
Equilibrium the key to success

Hello dear subscriber,

The Tickchart, in combination with the Bionicchart and some auxiliary indicators, is the easiest way to identify the key candles within supply and demand that are leading to a concrete turnaround.

To make you more aware of the subject of supply and demand, I would like to post an interesting video to you. Thanks to Chris, who made me aware of it. What happens in a market when multiple buyers and sellers meet with the price? When does an equilibrium arise and what can we gain from it?

Inserted Video

The identification of the key candle within supply or demand is currently the hardest part. When a turnaround has taken place, in most cases I have been able to clearly identify the key candle in the aftermath. Due to the fact that no course runs is the same and there are no concrete patterns in terms of supply or demand, this identification remains a challenge. But within the last few months, we have made significant progress in this area. Every day we approach more of a possible

solution.

The progress made so far is much greater than the regression, that is a crucial point.

I wish you a successful trading day today.

best regards

--- 帖子 #907 ---
Hello Bionics,

Your thread is very interesting, can you define what to look for when looking for an equilibrium, are there specific patterns, or just the side ways trading. ?

Many thanks for this excellent thread.

Asw

--- 帖子 #908 ---
On the right way

Hello Asw,

First of all, thank you for your compliment, I am pleased that you have found interest in supply and demand. I can not answer your question flat-rate, so I would like to make some detailed comments on this.

In the area of supply and demand I concentrate as Scalper / Countertrendscalper exclusively on the chart technique and try to identify resistance and support lines. However, the room for interpretation in charts is much larger, because it is a subjective analysis technique. Although I work exclusively with the candles in the main chart, the structure was still too confusing for me. The open was eliminated and from this the bioniccandle developed. My entrances and exits are derived exclusively from the chart technique, thus eliminating all standard indicators. In the field of charting I renounce patterns or specific candle formations.

The crucial market movements are caused by the big players, so you should follow their footsteps. As I have already described in the Post 906 and 907, a rough identification of the Lot used is only possible in the tick chart, so I renounce the trade on a time-based chart such as M1, M30 or H1. In the tick chart, the volume within a candle is always the same, so larger candles automatically indicate a higher number of lot.

If the supply outweighs the demand, the price goes down over a certain period of time and there is a supply market within the course. Within this supply market, key candles create supply zones that are turning the price downwards in the demand market. As soon as demand is stronger than supply, the price will rise again and a demand market will emerge. The price is now running up to the previously mentioned offer zones, which are turning down the price as resistance.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Example:

In the 32 Tickchart I have once again highlighted the highest lot in the chart with the blue and yellow movements within the bionic chart.

At point 1 and point 2 you will see the key candle that draws my resistance zone. The zones are 0.7 pip on average and can be brought to a size of 0.3-0.5 Pip using the 16 tickchars. With a spread of 0.5 pip you get to a maximum risk of 1 pip. As a rule, the entry is about the middle of the zone and the Stop 0.1 pip above the zone. At point 1 the trade would have been executed and in the further course of the exchange I would have identified the keycandle at point 2 immediately. That would have been worth the risk of staying longer in the first trade.

Had I tried to take the downtrend at point 2, my entry (sell limit) would not have been triggered. In the 16 Tickchart this Keycandle however becomes clearer and thus the entry would have shifted a little bit downwards.

As shown in my video post 905, I have in the past derived the keycandles and from them the zones based on my experience and a quick intuition. Since I achieved very high profit quotas with this procedure, I wanted to know exactly how this works for me. I wanted to transform my experience and intuition into a comprehensible and measurable guide. This resulted in this blog. However, I realized that I am not yet able to explain exactly what I am doing exactly.

In the last few months, I have made good progress, but I have to admit that I still act with intuition and experience every day without being able to explain in a comprehensible way exactly how I do it. But I believe that I will find a way to define my approach comprehensible. However, that will take a while. I hope that within this blog further suggestions come to reach the goal.

It happens from time to time that I enter a trade that runs in my favor and suddenly I close the trade and open a trade in the opposite direction, which then also runs in my favor. Why I do that, I can not explain myself, but I'm working on it.

If you ask successful athletes how and why they do certain movements, you will get the same answer. This blog helps me to write down my findings, much like a journal, so maybe that could be the right solution. All in all, I have already posted over 300,000 words in this blog, perhaps the answer has been written long ago and I'm just not aware of it. On some days I seem to be stuck with the explanation in a dead end and the next day the way becomes clearer again.

I will not give up and I know that with the help of these great people who have joined this blog, we will reach our destination faster. Thank you again for that.

I'll keep my fingers crossed for next week

best regards

--- 帖子 #909 ---
Hello Bionics,

Many thanks for your reply, I will monitor next week.

Asw

--- 帖子 #910 ---
Lot and Volume

Hello dear subscribers,

Now that we have talked in detail about the benefits of a tick chart, let's take a closer look at the volume and the lot. For this we have to start from some hypothetical assumptions, as there are innumerable possibilities in the order book that can not be generalized. Therefore I ask you to see the following calculations as a purely hypothetical assumption. In addition, a volume calculation in the interbank market is much less accurate than, for example, in the EURUSD Future which is traded on the stock exchange.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In the blog: How do I find the most efficient currency pair, I have already reported on the sales of individual currency pairs. The Forex market generates $ 6 trillion in sales each day. The six largest currency pairs (majors) of which manage just under 4 trillion dollars. The EURUSD ranks first with $ 1.7 billion. The EURUSD is not necessarily an exciting currency pair, but a very reliable one. Security will never exist in this market, but if I compare all currency pairs, the EURUSD is one of the safest currency pairs I can trade. In the EURUSD, the price / performance ratio of liquidity, volatility, unpredictable price movements, data history, speed of entry and exit, and the predictability of possible price development are right. In the area of supply and demand for me the best recommendation. The EUR / USD is the most traded pair in the Forex market. It is commonly regarded as the most important and most liquid currency pair, as the euro itself is considered the world's second most important reserve currency (after the US dollar) and the second most traded on the forex market. These factors make it easier for me to make decisions. That's why EURUSD is my first choice.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The EURUSD translates into an average of $ 1.7 billion per day. That's equivalent to 17,000,000 lots per day. In the last 5 years we had an average volume of about 92,160 per day. This means that an average trading deal includes 184 lots. Now, taking into account that your trades are included in the volume, it becomes clear what number of lots must be traded by the big players to reach an average of 184 lot / volume. Of course, the number of lots and volumes varies, so in this hypothetical assumption we can only assume average values.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

First, I once analyzed how the distribution of sales between Asia, Europe and the United States are divided. Of course, this can not be calculated concretely, since market participants from Asia or the USA can also participate during the trading hours of Europe. Accordingly, we can only assume pure conjecture here. In the picture you can see an exemplary sales distribution of individual days between Asia, Europe and the USA. Again, you can see significant fluctuations, however, over some years set an average percentage of sales distribution.

The pure distribution of sales shows that Asia receives 15%, Europe 50% and the USA 35%. However, that's only half the story. If we take the average stock market hours as the basis for where the institutional traders are doing the main trading, we have to take a closer look at stock market times. In Europe, the exchanges have an average of 11 hours open, while in Asia and the US, the stock exchanges average on 6.5 hours a day. If we now compare the daily turnover of the individual countries with the stock exchange times, suddenly different revenue distributions arise. It makes a difference if I handle 1.000.000 lot in 1 hour or if I need 2 hours for it. Increasing the number of lot within a shorter time would increase volatility significantly.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

If we compare the stock exchange times with the sales, Asia comes to 19%, Europe to 37%, and the USA to 44%. Of course, the time between 14 and 16 CET is the time in which there is often the highest volatility in the EURUSD, as Europe and the US are common in the market. However, I believe that the US is in first place in terms of volatility within the EURUSD, although it may not generate the most sales.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

When Asia, Europe and the US trade, there is some overlap where several countries are trading simultaneously. I have created an exemplary day in the EURUSD by translating a volume of 92,160 and 17,000,000 lots. We start at 01:00 CET and end at 24:00 CET. By way of example, you will see that the number of volumes and lot change depending on the time of day. You can see that not the highest amount of lot / volume automatically generates the highest sales. (Compare 17:00 CET with 23:00 CET.)

Another interesting example can be found in the table. A tick chart has the advantage that it forms fewer candles with low volatility and forms more candles with higher volatility. A 16 tick chart always trades 16 trades and then a new candle is created. When starting against 01: 00 CET there is a low volatility, so only 1.6 candles per minute are formed. At 17:00 CET, on the other hand, there is high volatility and 12.5 candles are formed per minute. This makes it much easier to subdivide strong movements into high volatility and thus to better determine supply zones and demand zones. This makes it easier to generate the key candle that initiates a possible turnaround.

How do the Lot move the price?

In principle, changes in exchange rates arise through the supply and demand behavior of the market players. The exchange rate is where the supply and demand for a currency meet. Market players include both major investors (eg central banks of all countries, major international banks and companies) as well as retail investors.

Exchange rate changes have great macroeconomic significance and therefore play an important role in economic policy. Looking at changes in exchange rates over time, it can be concluded how market actors assess the development of an economy. A currency undergoes an appreciation when its price rises in the foreign exchange market; there will be a devaluation if their price on the foreign exchange market falls.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I have done an example calculation with constant lot but with different volumes. In Example A, we have a volume of 83,151 a day. You can see the average ATR in the different tick charts. In the 16 Tickchart arise over the day 5,300 candles with an average size of 0.54 Pip. That would mean an average fluctuation range of 2,862 Pip over the entire day. At a much higher volume, such as last week, the fluctuation range in the 16 Tickchart would already be 4,293 pip. The smaller the tick chart, the higher the pip range. Since you can act very badly in a 2-tick chart, I once assumed an average pip range of 5,000 per day.

By the way: If a strong spike of 30 pip or more is created, an 8-tick chart can show resistance zones much easier. In addition, there are significantly more trading opportunities for a scalper in a 8-tick chart than in a minute chart. Let's expect a fluctuation range of approx. 5,000 pip per day. The average daily high-low of EURUSD, however, is only 85 pip. How does it fit together? Stretching a tickchart that moves up and down in wavy lines would reach 5,000 pip. It contains both bullish and bearish movements.

17,000,000 lots move 5,000 pip a day. Imagine, the market consists of only 2 traders. If Trader A invests in rising prices at 1.12000 1 Lot while Trader B invests in falling prices at 1.12000 1 Lot, Equilibrium is created. If Trader A now invests 2 lots the price goes up. From this it can be deduced that not all of the 17,000,000 lots actually move the price, as Buy Order and Sell Order often balance each other out. If we assume that 50% of the orders result in equilibrium, that means that only 8,500,000 lots actually move the price. Of course, every lot will move the course, but not if it is slowed down by another lot.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

8,500,000 lot / 5,000 pip = 1,700 lot

With this hypothesis, 1,700 lot would cause about 1 pip of movement. A spike of 30 pip needs 51,000 lot. However, this calculation is very hypothetical, since the big players often stop many traders before such a spike and thus take less market participants on the journey. In addition, we do not know where other traders have their limit orders or exits. Every entry or exit slows or accelerates the course. Orders already placed will no longer affect the price until they are redeemed.

If we now assume that a big player can handle the 30 pip spike without any obstacle, then it would be possible to do that with less than 51,000 lot. But even 40,000 Lot is an invested $ 4,000,000,000. This makes it clear the market conditions in which we move daily. Even if you make some $ 1,000 on such a spike, it does not matter to the big player, and he often will not even notice it. However, if the big player triggers a spike, he often takes many market participants with him. These participants will get off on the way up to realize their winnings. If that makes many traders at the same time, it slows down the spike considerably and the big player does not get that far. That's why spikes often come unexpectedly and traders are first lured onto a wrong track and then stopped out. Then the main peak runs in the opposite direction.

If we can not influence the market, we have to let the big players take us along. But very few of us benefit from the big players. There are 2 reasons for this. First, few people can spot the footprints of big players, and even if you recognize them, few people know what Big Boys are up to. The second reason is that the big players are the best traders in the world. Just think of Goldman Sachs, who makes profits from 250 trading days on 225 trading days. With a win rate of 90%, they actually take away all the money from us, but not the other way around.

The small traders exchange the money among themselves, the big player comes and most of it goes away. This means that if we get carried away by the big players, we will win, but so will the big player. The trader lose, who not know what's going on in the market right now. The only way to win, we have to follow the big players and from the trace read exactly what they are going to do next. The only option is the tick chart, because you can locate the lot there best. In the time-based chart this is not possible, if one attaches importance to the identification of the lot, one must say goodbye to the time chart.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Let's take a look at a 16 tickchart with Bioniccandles. The 16-tick chart produces about four candles per minute. On average, this produces over 5,000 candles per day. In my chart, I had an ATR of 0.5 pip at this time. Now we have the opportunity to see movements that are above average in order to identify the Big Boys. In this case, only moves that reached at least one pip, potentially including at least 1,700 lot, were displayed. It is important to use the size of the Bioniccandle. Bullish Candle Close-Low and Bearish Candle High-Close. The pullbacks within the bionickerzen are important factors that should be considered as well.

At the moment we are still experimenting with different forms of representation and calculations. Since all candles contain only 16 trades, a larger candle automatically contains a higher number of lots. Of course, even smaller traders who sell their trading at the same time can bring together 1,700 lots. The likelihood is less, since it has to be done within seconds at the same time. After the first experiences we have had, we were so excited that we will continue to pursue this approach. The resistance zones I have already deduced from this are much easier to locate and keep what they promise. But it will certainly take a while until we have a clear breakthrough in this area.

An indicator for the tickchart is being developed, but there are still some challenges that need to be addressed. In the tickchart, the requirements for my indicators are a bit more specific. That's why it will take some time.

The number of volume or lot used in this blog is purely hypothetical, as I mentioned earlier. But still, it's the only way to get an idea of the volume and lot this market handles on a daily basis.

Anyone who sets out to search for clues to locate the big players must, sooner or later, employ with this approach. I am convinced that this can only be beneficial.

I wish you a successful trading week!!

best regards

--- 帖子 #911 ---
Thank you for the detailed research.  A must read!!! Do you sleep

--- 帖子 #912 ---
Hi Bionics,

You have very deep knowledge/expertise about Supply & Demand.  Thanks for your sharing

Your work here.  I have a question for you, we all have the same goal/aim, here, how to make

Money, whatever is the method or strategy, if it works for you, and if you find your edge, you

Are lucky, you are a millionaire.

Your Supply & Demand strategy/theory, do not you think the major banks, market makers and some

Other hidden institute, they want us( retailer ) to play those major Supply & Demand areas so they

Could make money from us.  IMHO.  Plz advise.  thanks,

--- 帖子 #913 ---
Hello rosalieone,

Thank you for the compliment, in fact, such a blog is a lot of work, but if it brings us further, the work has been worthwhile. While we will never find the Holy Grail, we are getting a little better every day. The market is dominated by the big ones, we just have to be faster, then we are winner from time to time.

Best regards

--- 帖子 #914 ---
[quote=loveandpeace;12286644]Hi Bionics, You have very deep knowledge/expertise about Supply & Demand. Thanks for your sharing Your work here.

Lot and volume

Hello loveandpeace,

Thanks for the kind words, I would rather consider my knowledge of demand and supply as pure speculation. In practice, I am much better than in theory. I use this blog as a diary to find out how my intuition works in practice. My way of dealing with supply and demand is completely nonsensical scientifically, maybe that's why it works. In a market ruled arbitrarily by chaos, one may not get very far with science. This is nothing else in gambling.

I agree with you that the big players are trying everything possible to mislead the other market participants before they reveal their true trading direction. However, the big players are more likely to fight each other than they do hunting on us small traders. If the average revenue per volume is 184 Lot, then it is usually about other market participants. But many small traders who want to get in the same price level can also be dangerous for the big ones.

In your theory there is even a lot of truth, especially the big players look at the  Fibonacci, as many traders act accordingly. With small fishingtrades they then test individual zones to find the traders in the market. You know exactly what strategies the Fibonaccitraders are taking. The end, you have no chance. Personally, I find the Fibonacci zones very exciting and interesting, but I want to act away from the masses and for that one must not be assessable for others.

The way I define my zones is, as I found out, complicated and difficult to understand. As a countertrend scalper, I often enter the market when nobody dares. In a strong downtrend, occasionally smaller pullbacks are created by traders , who want to bring in their profits. For this they have to buy back their contracts. This buyback is as if another trader presses the buy button. The course go up. In this situation, I buy against a strong trend that wants down. The pullbacks are always very fast and short as the market is still on offer. Therefore, you have to be damn fast and not too greedy, because the pullback is over quickly and the market, go again strong down.

Of course I am also working with the trend, but I never get in where most start. My stops are never below the last low, but always on the key candle. HH, HL, LH and LL I do not notice at all, candle formations as well as messages or recommendations I do not care, I note for entry and exit only my personal zones.

Several years ago I worked with stops of 3-5 Pip, but with the help of my blog "Diary" at FF I reduced the stops to 0.5 pip. With the spread, I now have a total risk of 1 pip. Since the market is determined exclusively by the big players, I'm only interested in the. Every day I go in search of clues to find out what they are up to. In the tickchart you only need the candles for that.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In today's demand market from 10:30 to 14:30 you can always recognize the short and strong moves down. Of course, the price was still higher, but the imminent downtrend was already hinting.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

At 14:40 the course went down 16 pip. The blue arrow already indicated an impending uptrend.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Of course, the price went down 4 pip and then went up 12 pip.

If you can identify the movements of the big players more easily and you are already forecasting an upward trend from the price, you do not have to go far down to find a resistance zone. Then you might manage to get in at the very lowest point. Trades and lottery have something in common. When you win the lottery you should not type numbers that all tap, because when you win, many others win and your profit is smaller. If you trade you have to get in there and get out, where nobody else goes in or out.

Since my trading style is so crazy I do not believe that the big players are dangerous to me, every day I get closer to them. They do not even notice me and the few contracts I'm dealing with. I have now also created a Fibonacci, so I know where I should not get involved. We just have to know where everyone wants to get in or out, and then we just avoid this price level like the devil the holy water.

That will not always work, but the goal should be clear, unlike others.

If you always do what everyone does, you also get what everyone gets. And 95% lose their money and that's exactly what I do not want in the future.

So we search together in this blog for places in the market where you can go in and out unnoticed. Then everyone has fun on the act and the time required is also very low.

I am looking forward to another nice time with all subscribers.

best regards

--- 帖子 #915 ---
Bionic Bull Bear Average Candle Indicator

Hello dear subscribers,

In the past, I've been very fond of using the ATR indicator in the search for volatility. However, I realized at some point that the calculation of the usual ATR can not be applied to my Bioniccandle, because the basics of the calculations are completely different. In addition, it annoyed me that there was no distinction in the ATR between bullish and bearish movements. While it is true that the average candle size can be used to calculate the strength of the ATR, the distinction between bearish and bullish movements makes a big difference to me. This led to the idea of a new indicator that analyzes and calculates the bullish and bearish movements. This would enable you to recognize the different strengths immediately. The new indicator is not based on the calculation principles of the ATR, but is a new form of calculation in order to derive a possible trend strength. The simplest things are often the most effective.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

On the chart you can see the day candles of the last 6 weeks. The upper image shows the values for the actual movements within the Bioniccandle. The lower image shows the values for the pullbacks within the Bioniccandle. Since the candles run up and down in a chart, it is very difficult to immediately recognize the average strength of each movement.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

If you now transfer the bionic candel in an indicator, the candles are  next to each other. Although the overview is already much better, there are still too many different movements within the bioniccandle for me.

Point A

The bullish bioniccandle has a bullish move and a bearish pullback

Point B

The bearish bioniccandle has a bearish move and a bullish pullback.

My goal now was to get the bullish and bearish movements on one side to see the difference between bulls and bears.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Let's take a look at the last five day candles in EURUSD. There were three main bullish and two bearish moves, as well as three bearish pullbacks and two bullish pullbacks. If I were to transfer the last five movements into a candle, I would see it as at points A and B.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In the upper right window you will see the new indicator. In the first line you can see all bullish movements of the last five candles shown in Pip. In the second line you can see all the bearish movements of the last five candles, which are also shown in Pip. The last line shows the addition of Bull and Bear candles. The color changes automatically. Green for bullish movements, red for bearish moves and gold for neutral moves.

Let's just reckon how we came up with the result that is displayed in the indicator.

In the diagram you can see the five candles with their bullish and bearish movements in pipette. If you now add the different movements together, you come to the result that the indicator indicates. In this case, all movements were added together from the last five candles. Within these five candles, the final result is a plus of 61.1 Pip.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Let us now turn to the individual settings.

Point A: Here you can decide whether the movements are added or an average is calculated.

Point B: Here you decide how many candles to calculate.

Point C: Here you decide on the size of the text display.

Point D: 0-3 determines in which corner the indicator should be displayed.

Point E: Here you can adjust the X or Y axis of the individual lines.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Now let's look at the average calculation of the last 5 candles. I have here again added a calculation that should clarify the whole. Instead of adding the different movements, the average is now determined. This means that in the last five candles, the bullish average was 27.9 pips, the bearish move was 15.7 pips, and the final result was 12.2 pips.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

All you have to do is set the value to true and the average of the last five candles will be calculated. Of course you can calculate any number of candles. If only 3,000 candles are displayed in your chart, the indicator can also calculate only 3,000 candles.

Important:

The indicator also calculates the current candle that is just forming, so the values are allways changing.

The indicator becomes very interesting if you use a tick chart for it. Since I am still at the very beginning with my programming knowledge, there are certainly many things that I can optimize, but the calculation bases are correct. My thanks also to Georg, who gave me a helpful tip. Every beginning is difficult as it is known, but it is getting easier every day. With the development of the bionic chart many indicators are no longer applicable because the basis of the candle calculation has changed completely. That's why I'm gradually modifying the indicators that I like to pass on to you.

With the help of this Bionic Bull Bear Average Candle Indicator, I can see the strength of the bullish and bearish movements within a certain period of time. This could be helpful in determining a possible future trend.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Over the next few weeks, I'll be providing you with some more interesting indicators after they've gone through the testing phase.

At point A you can see the indicator published today that I have modified a bit. The values are now a bit more effective without the text. I think I can post the modified indicator the next few days if you have good experiences with today's published indicator and he'll help you. The calculation bases are the same, but it is shown in pipettes, because I work only in smaller tick charts.

At point B you can see the bioniccandles with the respective pullback on one level. This makes it much easier to capture potential reversals faster as the pullbacks are a crucial clue.

At point C we see the bullish and bearish movements, which have been brought into a percentage relationship to each other. This auxiliary indicator is very valuable in determining the future trend.

These are just a few examples that should help us all.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

With the modified Bionic Bull Bear Average Candle Indicator it is possible to compare different time frames in the Tick Chart side by side. In this case, an 8, 16, 32, 64, 128, 256, 512, 1024, 2048, 4096 and 8192 tick chart were compared. This is very interesting because you can immediately relate the different movements to each other.

Now work with the new indicator and see if it helps you in your daily work. Within the next few weeks, I will provide you with additional help indicators that will hopefully help you. Since the indicators basing on the basis of calculation of bionic candies, I recommend you to work in the future with the bionicchart.

I wish you a lot of success and hope that you will reach the goals you wish for next week.

I'm looking forward to a feedback.

Have a nice rest weekend greetings

Attached File(s)   Bionic Bull Bear Average Candle 1.2.ex4

13 KB
|
863 downloads

--- 帖子 #916 ---
Bionic Bull Bear Overview 1.3. indicator

Hello dear subscribers,

As already promised in the post 917, I now provide you with the auxiliary indicator Bionic Bull Bear Overview 1.3.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

3 days ago I published the average indicator at point A, point B is now a simplified representation. The concrete description can be found in the post 917. The indicator has been designed so that it fits comfortably in every corner and takes up little space. The size is in pipette, so that the Scalper, who act in small time units have a good overview.

I wish you a successful trading day

Attached File(s)   Bionic Bull Bear Overview 1.3.ex4

12 KB
|
842 downloads

best regards

--- 帖子 #917 ---
Bionic percentage balance indicator 1.2

Hello dear subscribers,

In Post 905 I introduced you in great detail to the Bionic balance sheet indicator. With this indicator you can see all bullish movements at a glance on the upper side and all bearish movements on the lower side. In addition, the movements were still limited with two white lines, for a better overview. In the last few weeks, I've been working on another help indicator that I'd like to share with you today. The Bionic percentage balance indicator. This is about the percentage distribution of bullish and bearish movements. The indicator serves to identify possible reversals even earlier.

The calculation is relatively simple, because the simplest things are often the most successful ones. There is an upper and lower level. The upper level displays all bullish movements and the lower level all bearish moves. Both levels each receive a range of 100%. The indicator now measures the ratio between the main motion and the pullback within the bioniccandle. This will enable you to look even faster and deeper into the candle.

While there is no upper or lower limit in the Bionic balance sheet indicator, as a candle can become indefinitely large, the Bionic percentage balance indicator calculates within a fixed range. Each movement within a candle is displayed in percent, no matter how big this candle is. That brings even faster information.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In the 256 Tickchart you can see an example. At point A in the Bionic Balance Sheet Indicator, it looks as if the Bear's movements are getting smaller and the price is going straight up. That's because the bearish candles in the chart become smaller. Since the Bionic percentage balance indicator calculates the percentage distribution, even stronger bearish movements are displayed. This is a sign to wait for something else.

At point C, a similar example can be seen, the bearish movements are decreasing, in the bionic percentage balance indicator the bearish movements are still strong and signal a further downward trend. After that, the price goes up again. However, you should not miss the bionics balance sheet indicator, because it shows the trends very accurately, the Bionic percentage balance indicator is a kind of filter to represent the specific strength of a single candle, no matter how big this is.

From time to time I like to work with the Bionic percentage balance indicator, but only in a tickchart, as a Renkochart or candlechart has no significance in terms of the lot used. The traders' invested lot are the only reason the price is moving, so every trader should pay close attention.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

If you only work with this indicator without candlestick it is sometimes not clear at first glance where the main movement takes place. Therefore you can vary that in the settings. To make it clear, I drew the pullbacks in yellow within a bearish candle and marked the pullbacks in blue within a bullish candle.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In practice, I recommend the pullbacks just a bit darker.

Here are some hints:

These auxiliary indicators should not be used for entrances or exits.

The optimal use of these indicators is in the tickchart.

The calculation basis of the Bioniccandle was used.

Please take a look at post 905, 906, 907 and 912 before using the new indicator..

Post 905

https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...9#post12267699

Post 906

https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...7#post12271667

Post 907

https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...3#post12272183

Post 912

https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...4#post12286284

For me a big advantage is to sort all movements. The bullish movements upwards, the bearish movements downwards. That's how I can see at a glance what's happening in the market right now. Of course, any movement thereafter can go in a completely different direction, but as already described, the goal with these indicators is to identify the key candle.

When a course goes down, there are different strong movements that you can not see in the candlechart. The strongest internal movements within certain down candles in the tick chart, represent a strong resistance. This resistance can be accurately determined with the key candle on the smallest pip. And the help indicators should help us with this search.

An indicator is interesting when it shows us things that we can not recognize in the pure candle chart. In a candle, the movements are not filtered and sorted, so the bionic balance sheet indicator and the Bionic percentage balance indicator is an interesting supplement for me to filter out the strongest movements within a trend. This helps to identify the key candle.

I wish you a successful week

Best regards

Attached File(s)   Bionic percentage balance indicator 1.2.ex4

13 KB
|
954 downloads

--- 帖子 #918 ---
Bionic Bull Bear Overview Percent Indicator

Hello dear subscribers,

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In the post 917 I introduced you the Bionic Bull Bear Average Candle Indicator and in the post 918 additionally a simplified representation.

Today there is a very interesting expansion for this indicator. As you already know, the indicator calculates the addition or average of all bullish and bearish movements. To simplify matters, a percentage result has been added. If you need the basic calculation methods you can read Post 917 and 918.

Inserted Video

So that you can get a first impression, I have created a small video. You can see the two indicators on the right side. The average of the last 5 candles has been calculated here. The calculation of both indicators is the same, only the presentation is different.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Let's look at Example A first. The chart shows a bearish candle. The main move down has a size of 9 pip, the pullback a size of 1 pip. If we now pull off the pullback from the main move, 8 pip remain. The result in percent would thus be 88.8%. In the table you can see more results.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Point A: In the past they were able to calculate from the current candle # 0 to the candle # 14 the average or the addition of all bullish and bearish movements.

Point B:

They are very flexible with the new indicator. For example, you can now use the indicator to calculate the fourth to twelfth candle or the second candle to the 20th candle.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Let us now turn to the individual settings.

Point A: Here you can decide whether the movements are added or an average is calculated.

Point B: Here you decide how many candles to calculate.

Point C: This is the value with which candle you want to start. Please note that the current candle starts with 0. So if you want to start in chart with the 15th candle, you have to enter a 16, because we do not start with 1 but with 0 when counting.

If you only want to look at the first current candle, you must enter a 1 for countCandles and a 0 for start. Please note that as soon as a new candle is formed, the calculation shifts one candle forward.

Point C: Here you decide on the size of the text display.

Point D: 0-3 determines in which corner the indicator should be displayed.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

And to make the indicator a little clearer, I have created a complete percentage overview. The display shows pipettes so that scalpers can work with them in smaller time intervals.

At point B you will see 0.4 pip bullish and 0.3 pip bearish movements within the calculated period. The result is therefore at 30% in favor of the bulls. At point A you only see a percentage reading that shows 30% for the bulls and 0% for the bears.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Of course you can change the position. There is a little help for HD and Ultra HD screens. You can also move the display with X and Y Offset

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

One possible variant: You can examine different or the same time units. The indicator is very flexible and you will be able to calculate the addition or average of all candle sections. The results I have achieved over the last few weeks have been very interesting. Each trader has different ideas in the calculation settings, so you have to gain experience in the area.

I would be very happy if you report on your experiences at a later date. I hope that I could help you a bit and I look forward to your feedback.

best regards

Attached File(s)   Bionic Bull Bear Overview Percent 1.4.ex4

12 KB
|
884 downloads

Attached File(s)   Bionic Bull Bear Overview Percent  BAR1.4.ex4

13 KB
|
968 downloads

--- 帖子 #919 ---
Scalper = self-destruction in small installments?

Hello dear subscribers,

To work as an counter-trend scalper with an 8-tick chart would have to be suicide from a financial point of view. But why that is not the case and why I have decided to do it, I would like to show today. After having provided you with some self-made indicators that all have the sole aim of identifying the key candle, I would first like to talk about my skin screen and which auxiliary indicators I currently use in my dashboard.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

On my 55 inch monitor are relatively few auxiliary indicators to have a clear view of the candles. Let's take a closer look at the auxiliary indicators, most of which I have already published.

Point A

At the HH, HL, LH and LL you will see numbers. These numbers show the average pipettes per candle in the respective upward or downward trend. From this it is very easy to derive pullbacks and trend strengths.

Point B

An indicator (blue and yellow candles) that helps me find the tracks of the big players. He is variable and automatically changes the setting depending on the volatility.

Point C

A normal ATR indicator with the setting of the last 100 candles.

Point D

The indicator published yesterday that shows the strength of the last five candles. Especially with trend turning a very interesting tool.

Point E

This is an indicator that shows me exclusively the pullbacks of each movement. As I've already said, the pullbacks within a candle are more important to me than the movement itself.

Point F

A self-developed indicator that shows me the size of the solder used. The displayed strength I have modified with a special calculation formula.

Point G

I create the zones myself using the key candles identified in front of me. From this I deduce my trade. My stops are an average of 0.5 pip including the spread, which is a risk of about 1 pip. I try to realize a chance risk ratio of 1: 5 to 1:10, which is not always possible, because I work in the 8 Tickchart. In addition to my main screen, there are other screens where I watch the course in larger time units. All screens run in the tick chart only the trading screen run in M1.

When I identify my key candles in the 8th Tick Chart, I'm interested in how the price reacts when it comes to these key zones. I created a dashboard for that. Enclosed a short video about the function. At the beginning of the three minutes, the course is initially in equilibrium and then runs down.

Dashboard video

Inserted Video

There is a lot of information on this dashboard, which basically only interests me when the course arrives in my key zone. With the indicators I have posted, they are also able to put together such a dashboard. My personal dashboard is an eternal building site, it is regularly updated and improved. If something does not help, it flies out. So I can experiment at least in this area. I chose the Tick Chart because it's the only chance to follow in the footsteps of the big players. In the last few months, I have set 20 different time units in the Tick Chart.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

My time units range from the 8 second chart to the two month chart. On average, it generates 64 ticks per minute, and as time does not matter, I never find myself in the same time unit as most traders. If you do not want to lose, you have to act in time units in which the others are not on the way. On average, there are 11,520 candles a day in an 8-tick chart, while in a M1 there are just 1,440 candles. That's 700% more candles in one day. A big advantage: As volatility increases, more candles are formed. Breakouts are excellently broken down into smaller units. From this it is very easy to determine resistance zones.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

With a zigzag setting of 8/4/2, I once calculated the movements within a trading day. It is quite clear that within a same time period more movements take place in an 8-tick chart than in an M1. The period shown here in the chart is the same, but the candles in the tick chart are a bit different, although the price spikes are always the same.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The result of May 29, 2019

In the 8th tickchart, 10,600 candles formed a total of 282 zigzag lines, which reached an average of 3.53 pips. In addition, we came in the range of 996 pip within 24 hours. In the M1 Chart, 1440 candles formed a total of 46 zigzag lines, averaging 7.72 pips. In addition, we came in the range to 355 pip within 24 hours.

Analyzing the 24 hours, we see that in an 8-tick chart, about 180% more pip are formed, as over 500% more moves occur in the zigzag lines. However, these zigzag lines reach only 3.53 pip instead of 7.72 pip. That's over 50% less.

Within this 24 hours 282 zigzag lines were created in the 8 Tickchart and in the M1 nearly 46 zigzag lines. In the following calculation, we assume that during the day the trader selects some of these trend trajectories and starts trading.

Since a scalper in the 8-tick chart has six times as many trend courses as in the M1, he also executes six times as many trades in the example. Let's make a comparison between an 8 Tickchart Scalper and an M1 Scalper. We analyzes 48 trades that take place within a certain period of time. Of course, the calculation is purely hypothetical, as a trading transaction depends on many factors.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Example A:

48 trades are executed with a 50% win rate. The spread is 0.5 pip in the case of profit and the total loss in the 8 tick chart is one pip. In M1, the total loss is five pip. I have made these experiences myself in recent years. We assume that both scalpers achieve the average pip size of 3.53 and 7.72, respectively. After a total of 48 trades, the 8 Tickchart Scalper achieved an advantage of 548% over the M1 Scalper.

Example B:

In the following case, the win rate was increased to 75%. The basic calculations are the same. It can be seen very nicely that after 48 trades there is still an advantage of almost 300% for the 8 Tickchart Scalper, but the advantage is reduced by an increase in the win quota.

Example C:

We now reduce the win rate to 25%. While the 8-Tick Scalper is still slightly in profit, the M1 Scalper has already lost more than 15 pip.

Example D:

In the example, we assume that both scalpers perform the same number of trades. In this case, the advantage lies clearly with the M1 Scalper, although the overall advantage is not so great. Of course, this is just a fictitious calculation that looks different for each Scalper. Working in the M1 with a stop of 0.5 pip is almost impossible. With the identification of the key candle, I was able to reach this 0.5 pip in the 8-tick chart. With the addition of the spread, I am lying on average  of one pip risk. Price-to-earnings ratios of 1:10 are also achievable in the 8-tick chart, as one also draws his resistance and support zones in higher time units.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Let's summarize the benefits

Point A

Within 24 hours, eight times more candles are produced than in the M1. This forces you to react faster, but it also gives you more experience.

Point B

Although only 30% more candles are produced per zigzag line than in the M1, the speed of line formation in the 8-tick chart is significantly higher.

Point C

With 282 zigzag lines within one day, a new trend averages every 5 minutes, while the M1 takes an average of 30 minutes. So when I draw a resistance zone, I do not have to wait 30 minutes for a new chance, just 5 minutes. That's a big difference. This puts me in a position to pickup more trades within a short time.

Point D

With 996 Pip I get almost three times as much pip available that I can collect over the day. Since I can go short or long at any time, the possibilities are considerably greater. The most important point for me, which I have already posted several times, is the achievable Pip per minute. At 1440 minutes per day, I get 0.69 Pip per minute in the 8 Tickchart, while in the M1 I only make 0.25 Pip per minute. This is due to the significantly more educated ZigZaglinien.

The shorter I am in the market, the less risk I have of being stopped out by unforeseen price eruptions.

Since I have more zigzag lines available in the 8-tick chart, I can also reach my pip faster per minute. Of course, if an 8 Tickchart Scalper and an M1 Scalper start at the same time, they will reach the same number of pip in the first moment. But as soon as the trend changes, the 8 Tickchart Scalper gets out and trades in the opposite direction. The M1 Scalper is still in the trade because he expects another trend change in his direction.

Achieving 0.69 Pip instead of 0.25 Pip in one minute means:

In the same time, one reaches three times as much pip or in one third of the time one reaches the same pip. This is a very interesting risk minimization for me.

Of course, in an uptrend, it's dangerous to take the short pullback down. In the M1, this is often a high risk. Trading and flying have one thing in common. The most dangerous moment is the takeoff and landing. When trading, it is the entry and exit. This is where most mistakes are made. Therefore, the more candles I have available, the easier it is to determine resistance zones.

If I get eight times more candles a day, I'm also able to draw eight times more resistance and support lines. That means. At the same time I can learn eight times faster if my zones were drawn correctly.

This enables me to achieve a much better win rate than 50%. In addition, my broker will reimburse me for up to 25% of my paid spreads. This brings me to an average spread of 0.4 pip in EURUSD including all costs. This again increases the profit efficiency.

The only thing you need is a quick to run commercial screen. If you work with the MetaTrader I recommend the MT5, because the execution times are much faster. You should keep an eye on the ping times at the broker and your own internet provider and possibly optimize. VPS servers are an alternative.

All in all, I can say that as a scalper, I do not commit suicide on installments, but can be more than satisfied with the situation. Due to the very small stops, higher solder is easier to invest. It will be interesting if you accidentally get into a breakout. But I do not speculate on that, I prefer the normal trades. Small stop, high solder, quickly in and out again. Of course, sometimes something goes wrong, but I have eight times more chances a day and the next chance comes on average every 5 minutes.

When I started, and sometimes worked with stops of 30 or 40 pip, it was frustrating to watch my loss slowly get bigger and, with luck, I could easily finish in profit.

Of course, the course was often in the stronger profit, but then it was frightening to see how much of my profit I had to give up again, because the course suddenly changed the trend direction.

Scalpen means more freedom for me, because I do my trading business within a short time. This leaves me much more time available and I do not have to look at my screen all day to see if the course develops in my favor. Of course, I also occasionally run a trade with a trailing stop, but that does not stop me from scalping further. When I'm in the market with an order I'm sitting at the screen, when I'm free I'm not in the market. I found that calms the nerves tremendously.

I made losses with Scalping at the beginning because my stops were way too big. Although I managed to reduce my stops in the M1 to 3 pip, I was still not satisfied with the result. Every trader knows that optimizing one's own trading business is an eternal construction site. Even if you have found your trading direction, you can optimize it every day. And that you have to do, because the market will continue to develop.

There is a nice saying about it:

Learning is like rowing against the tide, as soon as you stop you're driven back.

I wish you a very successful trading day today

Best regards

--- 帖子 #920 ---
What does "the market will continue to develop" mean?

--- 帖子 #921 ---
Why we have to adapt to market conditions.

Hello too Slow,

Thanks for the important question. Since I had little time today I could not go into detail in the post. Therefore, now something more detailed.

In the last 10 years, the interbank market has changed significantly, firstly because a large number of private traders have discovered the speculation and have begun to act massively. That caused a veritable Brokerexplosion. Secondly, because the big players had to adapt to the changed market conditions with the start of the high-frequency traders.

In principle, the high frequency traders are very professional counter trend scalpers, except they have a little more capital behind them than we do full time traders. We're talking about professional scalpers who cut out small pieces of the trading cake. You're investing millions in your hardware and software because it's about billions of profits. You place your computers as close as possible to the respective stock exchange, because every millisecond counts.

The sales of these high-frequency traders reach on some days up to 50% of the total trading volume. They work with incredibly fast computers and programs. The speed of these programs is enormous, they can respond to price changes within milliseconds, so they can get in and out of the market faster. Traders who do not work with such a technique are clearly at a disadvantage.

In addition to the tremendous speed, these high-frequency traders have a few tricks up their sleeve that are a little worrying on closer inspection. They are able to use fast and mass orders to change the picture of supply and demand in a way that confuses investors and makes false trading decisions. Although these companies achieve only low profits, but  about the high number of orders come together in the month considerable sums together. The looser are the long-term investing funds and pension funds - and of course the classic retail investors.

Let's look at the tricks in detail.

Wash Trades: I have already described this approach in previous posts and is particularly controversial.

The trader trades in here with himself. He hunts his buy order up to his sell limit or high, which then pushes the price down immediately. Or, in a rising market, a turnaround is suggested in order to buy cheaper again before the market turns sharply higher again. The goal is to push merchants out of the market or to induce them to make transactions that they probably would not have done in other circumstances.

Quote Stuffing: Thousands of orders are abandoned and then deleted immediately.

Thus, the high-frequency dealers generate a false picture of the existing relationship between supply and demand. The other traders can not analyze these orders in the short term and are confused. Since they do not know which orders are correct and which are only fictitious orders, this gives the high-frequency traders a time advantage, as they know their correct order. If several trading systems compete against each other, quota stuffing is often used as a very effective weapon.

Spoofing: The goal of outsmarting other program traders.

The own system is tuned to analyze, anticipate and exploit the reactions as well as the functioning of other algorithms. The market participants are also to be moved by the illusion of certain constellations to a desired reaction.

Sniping: Unfair market analysis

With small and fast outgoing orders, the market is searched for hidden orders. The goal of finding large buy and sell limits of other traders. Just before these thresholds, which promise the release large orders, then the own orders are placed. The limit order of the other participants will be triggered much later.

Scalping: Here is the decisive advantage, the speed of the systems.

As soon as the system detects large order volumes, they are on the market at lightning speed. So you can buy even cheaper than the other dealers. Even before you can govern, the high-frequency traders are already out and the course immediately turns in the other direction. The slow traders are virtually eaten.

This approach can not foresee any indicator of the world. That's why I recommend looking for clues. With the tick chart I am able to recognize the invested lot of these high frequency traders and to draw my conclusions from it. There are few ways to protect yourself from these tricks. Supply and demand is the most effective way for me to take a positive balance at the end of the month. It's all about misleading all traders in order to find their way up or down.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here is an example in EURUSD. The price was on an upward trajectory and uncertainty created equilibrium. Within Equilibrium, there were some strong purchases that should give the impression of continuing to bet on rising prices. In my lower Lotsize table it is clear that within the Equilibrium the bearish movements were significantly stronger than the Bullish movements. This can not be seen directly in the chart. At point A, there was a strong move up shortly before the massive course down. Many sellers were stopped out. After the strong move upwards, many have bought because they thought that the upper resistance zone would be broken. With the move down, they too were stopped out. After that, the way was clear and 80 pip could be realized down. After that the spook was already over.

The market is changing so fast that we need to be creative. We do not have the money to afford us millions of dollars of software and employees traders that are misleading the market. So that we are not eaten by the bear we have to read his tracks and orientate ourselves accordingly.

Therefore, I wrote that we have to question our system every day to adapt us to the market conditions. For the big players, we small traders are just a collateral damage.They really do not want to do anything to us, but they still accept it.

We should think about it. What would I do if I was a big player? Would I betray my planned breakout beforehand or would I try to deceive everyone first?
Why do 90% of all traders lose their money? Because they get in at the wrong time. I already buy when the price is still down. This is against nature and many wait until the price goes up and then they push the buy button. But at this time I'm out, because the course is still going down. Of course, I do not always succeed, but if I've made a mistake, I analyze my mistake exactly and usually find the right key candle.

Mistakes are important learning steps on the way to success. I learned the most from my lost trades. Better a traceable loss than a random gain that can not be explained.

Anyone who claims that this market is simple has no idea about trading. Even the big players like Goldman Sachs go to the market every day without fear but with respect.

We small traders have a realistic chance, but with good sense, mathematics and science, we can not get on in this market. We just have to figure out what the big players are up to, that's the only thing that interests me every day. The market is not determined by news, rumors, the FED or ECB, but only by the Lot used on Buy or Sell. And behind it stands the opinion of a trader who presses the button at the moment and gives up his order.

I wish you a successful trading week

--- 帖子 #922 ---
ILS system in trading

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Hello dear subscribers,

If an aircraft wants to land safely in difficult weather conditions, it will use the existing ILS system. These are beacons that are emitted from the ground. Using the instruments, the pilot knows exactly where his assigned runway and aircraft are. If he now follows exactly these beams, he is able to accomplish a complete blind approach.

We have traders struggling with the same problem every day, because we too are constantly blindfolded and do not know where the course is going. There is a kind of ILS trading system and that is the reference course for me. Let's take a look in the examples below to see how the reference course could help us in our future trading.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In the chart you can see how a key candle forms at point A, because we had a strong resistance there. Then the price went down sharply. Based on the key candle I have marked a resistance zone. Now the course went to point B, where there was a strong demand market. This demand market pushed the price to the point C. There one could have started a nice trade in the supply market. The course went now to the point D, whereby thereby another key candle formed. From the point E onwards, a strong supply market was formed which pushed the price down to point F.

If you draw resistance and support zones, you will need a past price history, the so-called reference price. At point F you can see that we still have a reference course on the left side where we can orient ourselves. But when the price went down over the point F, the reference price of point D was no longer valid. But there was a new reference course, which was only a little further away at point B.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In W1 you can see the course of the EURUSD within the last two years. In the area of point A, the reference price was within a small range, at point B, the range was already significantly larger. The range was greatest when the course at point C ran to 1.11. In that case you had to go back two years to find a reference course.

In the case of the reference price, the past is important because the price often moves in certain price zones, resulting in resistance and support lines.

In principle, it is relatively easy to keep track of the reference course by simply opening a W1 and observing the course. A weekly chart is very accurate, but the smaller resistance zones can not be read from it. You have to change to a smaller unit of time. But then the candles turn so small that you can not see the zones. For a Scalper in the M1 a horror scenario.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Let's first look at the H1 of the last three days. At point C the course went up through a strong resistance zone to point D. Then the course went back to point C. Zone A was crucial for the course to go up again at point E. Then the course went from point F to zone B. Since the course has already run under the point E, this zone does not interest. Decisive is to compare the zone A with the zone B.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

We are now in the M 15 and realize that the candles have become very small . The resistance zones are very difficult to identify. However, since we want to compare the two zones in the M1 with each other, the only option left is to create two different charts.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

On the left side you can now see the zone A which is shown in the M1 and beside that the zone B which is also shown in the M1. Right now I have more reference courses that I can compare with each other. In order to get an impression of it, I have created a short video. In the 3 minutes you can see that the course is in a strong resistance zone. Immediately afterwards he ran down twelve pips. In equilibrium zone 1.12 there was a strong move up to 1.127.

Inserted Video

You realize that this can be very advantageous to compare the reference price in the same time unit. Of course you have to adjust the charts from time to time but it helps to create resistance and support zones.

For example, working with Fibonacci will allow you to work in two distinct zones with two different Fibonacci. Basically, it's always about getting as much information about the price history. With the reference course, you can make it easier.

I wish you a successful trading day

best regards

--- 帖子 #923 ---
Bionics, kudos for a detailed response.  You have provided much to think about.   Cheers

--- 帖子 #924 ---
Hello TooSlow,

I can only give back the compliment, because you have been successful yourself for many years and I think it is exemplary that you, too, place value exclusively on the price chart. We smaller traders do not have $ 4,000,000,000 to run the price up or down by 30 pip. So we have to use our existing resources: our creativity.

We traders have a hard time, because our environment consists only of competitors. On the one hand, these are the big players who have so much money that they can trigger stops of 50 pip themselves. Our broker is also not on our side because if we enter a large trade he must immediately act against us. Of course, the broker earns on the commission or the spread but if we make just $ 1000 profit he has to pay us the $ 1,000. But luckily more than 90% of its customers lose their money, otherwise the brokers would have long gone bankrupt. Actually brokerage is a very nice idea. You just pick out the most successful traders and let the computer replicate this trade 1: 1. But I believe that being a broker would be more successful if you always do exactly the opposite of what 90% of the traders trade. Finally, there are  our colleagues with whom we deal daily. Here are also friendships and similarities, but in the trade are all competitors.

A beautiful saying goes: If you can not beat a competitor, make him a friend. That's easier said than done, because how do you make a big player a friend? Most will realize that this does not work. However, it is enough if you can follow his footsteps and know about what the big player plans to do next. Then it is best to get in and out of where he does not expect it. Unfortunately, that sounds easier than it really is. Because there are more big players than we might love. If there was only one big player, you might still be able to rate it, but with so many in the market, things are getting harder.

I once described it so beautifully in a blog: There are only three types of fish in the shark tank. On the one hand, this is the shark that eats all other fish. Then there are the small fish eaten by the shark. And at the end there are the so-called washer fish, which are responsible for cleaning the teeth of sharks. The washer fish are not eaten by the shark, because they accomplish an important service. The sharks are the big players in the market, the fish that are eaten are the little traders that always lose and the washer fish are the few traders that can live off the trade.

If you ask a trader the question: who would he most like to be, there are only two possibilities: the fish that is being eaten or the washer fish. Of course, everyone wants to be washer fish, but it takes a bit of courage. Because if you are washer fish, you have to swim into the shark's huge mouth to clean your teeth. You can never be sure if you will not be eaten. And that's why most of them are not washer fish. They do not have the guts to swim in the shark's huge mouth because they are afraid to be eaten.

I also wanted to be washer fisf but how I could  swim in the big mouth of the big players without being eaten. I have some friends working in the professional trading business in Luxenburg and London. I have been able to learn a lot from you in recent years, and when I meet her I ask only questions and then listen to the whole evening. In the meantime, I could write a book about what tricks the high-frequency traders are working with today. This is impressive for me as my friends move on a trade billions of dollars. Curiously, my friends envy me even though I act with much less solder. The difference is obvious, my friends are making billions of profits, I maybe just a few $ 1000. The billion profits belong to the investment company the $ 1000 profits belong to me.

If we understand how big players work, we will be able to multiply our profits overnight. That's why many years ago I started focusing exclusively on it. If a big player told me tomorrow that the EURUSD would rise the day after, it would be worth it to me just as much as it says in the paper. The chart image is the deciding factor, there I can see exactly what, when and how to do it. And my only chance is to react early. That's damn hard and a lot of work, but no one has said that trading is easy. If losing 90% it is a very interesting business for the remaining 10%. This is not like the lottery where only 50% of the profits are distributed. On the stock exchange 100%  to the good traders are paid out.

The big problem in the stock market is the greed. Who comes here to be a millionaire tomorrow, is quickly taught otherwise. In recent years, I have gained a lot of experience and knowledge about the interbank market. I still do not know how to get rich quick, but I know how to get poor fast: to trying to get rich quickly. When I started working as a trader, I wanted to have a long-term, sustainable job that guaranteed me a degree of independence and freedom. The income was at first negligible, as an apprentice you  rather have to invest money.

If you have learned a few years and  be a master is in your field, no one is angry when you then reap the benefits. I am very proud to be allowed to practice this profession and I notice at the latest how good I am when a stranger asks me what job I am doing. After explaining to him what a Forex trader does, you can see it right in his eyes. He envies me for this profession and secretly he would like to do it. In Europe and America, there are only 10 doctors and 5 lawyers out of 2,000 people, but only  just one person involved in stock exchange trading. I think we all can be damn proud.

best regards

--- 帖子 #925 ---
Bioniccandle survey indicator

Hello dear subscribers,

In the past, I've written extensively on the Bionic Candle several times and why I've developed it. What always bothered me in the past in a normal chart picture was the upper and lower wicks. The larger the time unit I changed to, the bigger the wicks became. This confused me more. I wanted to create a candle that shows me its strength at a glance. With the development of the Bioniccandle a very good result could be achieved.

There are only two movements in the bionic candle, one main movement and one pullback. I have often reported that the pullback is more important to me than the actual main move. The larger the pullback within a candle, the weaker the candle and the smaller the pullback, the stronger the candle.

Let's look at an example

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In the picture, we see an uptrend first, followed immediately by a downtrend of 30 pip each. As a time unit, I used a 256 tickchart comparable to an M5.

A

The course starts relatively strong at first. The first major movement is the strongest, but there are some objections from the bears due to the pullbacks.

B

At first we are in an equilibrium, which is easy to see that the pullbacks on both sides are very large. There is a bullish candle that has a relatively small pullback. The subsequent downward candle is very weak, a clear sign that the price may go higher.

C

The upward candle at C breaks through a resistance zone, the candle is relatively strong and ensures that the course continues to run upwards.

D

Here we see that the upward candle is very weak due to the pullback. Although the bulls are trying to push the course up again, but the course is initially a bit down. Based on the pullback that forms in the bearish candles, you realize that it is not a strong pullback. Our resistance zone at point C will not be overcome. Here we see that the upward candle is very weak due to the pullback. Although the bulls are trying to push the course up again, but the course is initially a bit down. Based on the pullback that forms in the bearish candles, you realize that it is not a strong return. Our resistance zone at point C will not be overcome.

E

A strong bullish candle with no pullback arises, showing how strong the resistance zone was.

F

The price is now very high and the two bearish candles are not strong. From point E to point F, the strongest bullish movement in this trend occurred.

G

On another return, we see the bearish candles getting stronger, but the bullish strength is still at an advantage.

H

Although this is only a small return, but you can already see here how strong the bearish pressure is slow. Exactly this area is already a sign to me that the course will not run too far up. However, a strong resistance zone once again forms a strong bullish candle with a small pullback that keeps the price higher.

I

In the area you can see clearly that the bullish candles lose significantly in strength. There are three strong bearish pullbacks. With the information I have already received at the point H & G on the strength of the bear candles, a good sign of a turnaround.

J

The price is initially down and a key candle is forming which could stop a possible uptrend.

K

The course is initially held back by the strong movement that has gone up from point H out. However, one can already see here that the pullbacks in the two bullish candles are very strong. This shows that they are weak upward candles. Our resistance zone at point C will not be overcome.

L

The downward movement is getting stronger, the small upward candle is relatively weak, which suggests that the price is still down.

M

The bearish move downwards becomes significantly stronger, which is also logical, because from point E to point F we had the strongest bullish movement. To break this zone you need many sales orders.

N

The course also stops short of this resistance zone and you can see that the upward movement is relatively strong. But the previous strong downwards candle can not be broken.

O

Here you can see that the bulls are slowly starting to fight back, but the bears are still on the stronger side.

P

The bears are getting weaker, which is due to the opposite equilibrium at point B.

Q

The downtrend has weakened a bit. That gives the bulls the opportunity to fight back.

R

The two upward candles are medium strong. The bulls had their chance but it is not yet so far.

S

The bears had to fight because the bulls got a little bit stronger and now there was a very strong bearish down movement. However, this movement was directly opposed by the bulls. Then another uptrend began.

Of course, you can not pinpoint each turnaround with the help of candles. Due to the Bioniccandle I get significantly more signals that give me better information than a normal candle.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Since candles experience moving in a zigzag line up and down, it is relatively difficult to compare these candles with each other. I wanted to create an environment where I could compare the bionic candles next to each other. The Bioniccandle survey indicator was created for this purpose.

Surely you have already noticed that the indicator does not display Doji, or in this case an empty field is created. Although a doji means an uncertainty, but since open and close are the same, it is not relevant for me course. Basically, the indicator distinguishes between upward and downward movements. We distinguish between main movements and pullbacks. In the case of the bullish candle, the pullbacks are drawn in red and in the bearish candles the pullbacks are drawn in green. Of course, you can design the colors differently.

In addition to the main movement and the pullbacks you will notice that there are candles that are completely gray. This is a candle without a pullback. These candles can also be displayed in different colors. With the help of this indicator you will be able to see immediately how strong the individual pullbacks are in the movements. This makes it easier to compare individual candles. I have deliberately separated the main bullish and bearish movements in the indicator. You could also place all the candles next to each other, but that is very confusing.

This indicator is very individual and flexible, we look first at what he can do everything.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

On the left side you can see the individual settings that are possible. For that it is important to know which settings cause what exactly.

With 0 and 1, you decide whether a pullback is displayed or not.

With 2 and 3 you decide whether the main movement should be displayed or not.

With 4 and 5 you decide if the candles should be displayed without pullbacks.

With 6 and 7 you decide if a line should be drawn. Please note that the line does not take the pullback into account, but only includes the main movement.

On the right side you will find the concrete settings for the lower display. The line width of five was only created to improve the presentation. In the main chart I work with a width of 2-3. I optimized the main movement with DarkGray and the setting of 515151. That's the best way for me.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

This is basically the same setting as before, except that the candles that do not have a pullback are shown with a different color.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In this case, all candles with a pullback were omitted and only the candles are shown that have not formed a pullback.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here you can see only the pure pullbacks. This is a very interesting presentation but takes some getting used to. The smaller the pullbacks are, the stronger the trend. The color might be a bit confusing, but you can change that at any time.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here you have the complete package, containing the main movement, the pullbacks and the strong moves without pullbacks. Of course, you can change the colors of the three different types of movement.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In the example, only the pure main moves without pullbacks are made visible. Thus, a trend strength can be detected quickly.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In order to visualize the representation a bit better, you are able to use a line to narrow down the main movements.

The indicator can be used both in the normal chart and in the tick chart. Although this is an indicator, it directly reflects the price scale and is based on the calculations of the bionic candle. If you work with the indicator, look at the pullbacks in the individual movements and try to create a derivation. Still, the biggest benefit is to immediately realize how strong a single candle is. Of course you can not foresee the next candle movement, but we know that trading is all about probabilities. And they may now be able to turn the odds slightly in their favor.

I wish you a great success and would be pleased to receive your feedback

best regards

Attached File(s)   Boiniccandle survey Indicator 2.0.ex4

14 KB
|
883 downloads

--- 帖子 #926 ---
Hello dear subscribers,

After the turbulent and interesting last days, my wife and I decided to spend a few days in Italy. On Lake Como, we will relax a bit and enjoy the delicious Italian food. On the return journey we will make a short stop in Switzerland. There I meet with a friend who worked for Virtu Financial for several years. Virtu Financial is one of the largest high frequency trading and market making companies operating on over 230 exchanges and markets. My friend has made many experiences in recent years with the controversial high-frequency trading strategies and knows the tricks with which many high-frequency traders proceed. There may be some tips to protect us a little more. I am very curious how we can use this for ourselves.

I wish you a successful trading week

best regards

--- 帖子 #927 ---
Its going to be an interesting discussion!!

Have nice trip

--- 帖子 #928 ---
first of all thank  for thread.so much information.can you make a video with summarize  all this information.thanks again

--- 帖子 #929 ---
Hello rosalieone,

Yes I am convinced that there is interesting information. Tomorrow I'm in Switzerland and then we will hopefully know something more. I will definitely report in detail by the end of the week.

Lovely wishes

--- 帖子 #930 ---
Hello dear shonx,

First of all thank you for your compliment and your kind words for our block. I basically like your idea very well, but there are two major challenges.

Since I worked as a trainer for communication for many years I know that in a lecture not only the words, but especially the rhetoric is a decisive factor. I was born in Germany, my English skills in the area of rhetoric are rather modest.

In a video lecture about 100 words per minute are spoken. Since my blog consists of 300,000 words, it would create about 50 hours of video material.

Editing and cropping video takes about 4-6 times the time of actual video. That would be a time of 300 hours or 40 working days. The biggest problem, however, lies in the language barrier. In addition, we communicate with each other in a very specialized area and that does not make the whole thing any easier.

At first glance, a video seems to be the faster knowledge transfer, but that is deceptive.

On average, you read 300 words per minute. That means after about 17 hours you would be through with this blog. That would be 3 times faster than watching this blog in 50 hour long videos. Creating a synopsis is also not easy as this blog is an ongoing development, a kind of never-ending story. Leaving some things aside could lead to misunderstandings.

The blog Equilibrium the key to success, I originally launched to create a kind of diary for me and to explain my own procedure. As you begin to write, you'll gain more ideas and insights over time. This opportunity should not be missed and I can recommend this strategy only to anyone who wants to progress.

The different blogs at FF often contain awesome information and really good tips, and for that the reader does not have to pay a dollar. The problem is filtering out the right information out of the huge amount of information. Whether my blog contains good and important information will show the future success of subscribers present here. If a subscriber optimizes his success based on this information, I would be happy about it in two ways. First, because he earns more money and secondly, because it reinforces the assumption of my market view. This will bring us all a little further. And that is exactly the goal of this blog.

Lovely wishes

--- 帖子 #931 ---
So the discussion ? interesting ?

--- 帖子 #932 ---
Learning from high frequency dealers

Hello dear subscribers,

As I've already said in a few posts, high-frequency traders have entered the stock markets in recent years and have made life difficult for big players such as banks, asset managers, life insurers, pension funds and mutual funds.

A meeting with a friend from Switzerland who worked for Virtu Financial, one of the biggest high-frequency trading and market-making companies, has opened my eyes in some areas. Basically, our trade is clearly different from the high-frequency traders. It's like comparing a car to a Formula One race car. The processes and the strategy are not comparable, so it is very difficult to derive concrete recommendations. Nevertheless, there is a ray of hope to which we can orient ourselves.

High-frequency traders are, in principle, scalpers who trade within seconds after having previously scanned the market for supply and demand. In principle, every trader who has enough money can get the same market overview. The art consists in the interpretation of the data obtained. Of course, among the high-frequency traders, there are also some candidates who read certain data by means of unauthorized means, which can be heavy proven by the regulators.

Comparable is this approach with the Darknet, which obscures the IP origin. While access to the Internet via the Internet provider is running, in the Darknet access is routed through different computers to hide the origin. For this purpose, the data is encrypted and sent to a random computer in the network, this forwards the data, but retains the address of the sender. So the next recipient will know from where the data packet came last, but not where it originally came from. The final recipient decrypts the data packet, processes the request, and returns the answer in the same way that it came. This is how a data exchange takes place in Darknet.

However, the stock exchange always knows which address gave up buy or sell orders. But if a trader in London uses his order to scan the market for supply and demand and transmit that information to another trader who gives up the crucial orders, it's hard to prove.

If you imagine the stock market as a big sea, it is logical that a large container ship produces larger waves than a small speedboat. This makes a container ship faster to locate. In addition, a container ship takes forever to turn, while a speedboat can turn almost on the spot. A speed boat on the stock market could change a lot.

More than 10 years ago, a number of successful investment bankers, creative computer scientists, specialist network engineers and physicists with doctoral degrees have joined forces to usher in a new era on the stock exchanges. The approach of the idea: size is not important, you have to be fast.

First of all, the algorithms were developed that could automatically deliver massive orders within milliseconds. By hand, a few hundred traders would not be able to.

The high-performance computer systems built for this work with the fastest processors that are not yet on the market. The money does not matter, because you can afford a lot of technology for $ 2 million profit per trading day. The fastest processor takes much less than 1 microsecond to exchange data. Thereafter, the processors are still overclocked so much that the computing power for the algorithms only takes 0.1 microseconds.There are special employees at the chip manufacturers, who only take care of these optimizations. By contrast, the computing power of the new Intel Core i9-9980XE @ 3.00GHz is very sluggish.

To send the orders to the stock market, fast data lines are required. Fiber was previously a fast standard, after which the microwave was able to transmit data up to 40 times faster. Data is transmitted within fiber optic cables by means of light pulses. With a new technology from Australia, this light is simply turned and can therefore absorb more information. This allows the data to be transferred up to 100 times faster than before.

The stock exchanges sell the high frequency traders trade data and computer places directly beside the stock exchange computers. The shorter the way to the stock exchange, the faster the trading implementation. The decisive advantage lies in the deeper insight of the electronic order book, in which all buy and sell orders arrive. The exchanges offer different packages. A five-fold data update per second or in the luxury version ten times more data feeds. So within 1 second up to 10 data updates can be received from the main computer.

Of course, Goldman Sachs' big players can afford those data feeds, but the key point is that the custom algorithms evaluate the data feeds and place them in a dedicated platform. From this, the trading decisions are made.

Every microsecond the buy and sell offers are displayed on special screens. The trading platform does not comply with our known principle of price-time priority. The basis is breaks in the trade between 10-50 milliseconds, thus creating a uniform starting point. Just as there is always a fixed volume value in the tick chart, the breaks of 10-50 milliseconds are written down there. A kind of microequilibrium. Now we realize how important Equilibrium is for successful trading. That was a decisive hint for me.

Parallel to this run special calculators that scan the market and look for hidden orders and stops. Among other things, they work with the tricks already described: Wash Trades, Quote Stuffing, Spoofing and Sniping. The resulting losses are in principle only a small collateral damage. The information of these particular computers run into a host that internally makes the decision: yes or no and buying or selling and then gives up the ultimate order.

Thanks to the special programming, the main computer recognizes when a given address always buys certain stocks or currencies within seconds. From this a recurring principle is recognized and the high performance computer comes before the secret buyer. Within a millisecond now very high quantities are bought and thrown back a few seconds later with a high profit in the market. This works in 4 of 5 cases. Very interesting is that the calculator can distinguish the different buyers or sellers from each other.

When an ACDC concert takes place, you are standing at the front of the people queue at the ticket counter and there are still 15 cards, then you know supply and demand. They buy the last 15 tickets for $ 1,500 and then sell them to the highest bidder. You will earn at least $ 500 within a few minutes. According to a similar principle, the high-frequency traders work because they always know supply and demand with their special programs and strategies.

The stock market and supervision have no problem with the market becoming divided into a two-tier society. As long as everyone who can afford it gets a quick data feed, that's ok. The stock market sells their fast data feeds and earns ten times as much on a scalper as on a daytrader. In addition, the high-frequency traders increase volatility tremendously. This is a good figurehead for a stock or currency on the stock market. So why bother the high frequency trader?

Virtu Financial made losses only on a single day within 5 years (2009 to 2013). That was a total of 1,238 trading days. Goldman Sachs lost about on 124 days in the same period. Goldman Sachs is absolutely top with a 90% win rate, but with a 99.8% win rate, the Scalper Virtu is clearly outperforming. Scientists investigated on Virtu's trading activity found Virtu not taking much risk in trading. Scalpen seems to be the more profitable business.

In the meantime, however, that has changed a bit because other high-frequency traders have joined the market and make future business difficult. Long-term players such as banks, asset managers, life insurers, pension funds and mutual funds have already reacted to the high-frequency traders. They migrate to other markets, or set up their own markets, which are banned for high-frequency traders. As high-frequency traders take advantage of speed, more and more big players are throttling their orders and trying to get all of their sub-orders to hit different exchanges simultaneously. For example, high frequency wheels lack the time to respond to orders spread across multiple exchanges - and big players and funds can buy their paper at the current price.

Virtu has gone public, many believe that there are emerging problems for the high-frequency traders, because Virtu did not need money. Many high-frequency traders have withdrawn and the technical progress is already exhausted. Virtu has earned $ 7,000,000,000 in revenue over the last 9 years. The money is missing from the other big players. Earnings after taxes were around $ 850 million. Virtu's earnings after tax of $ 284 million in 2018 shows that it still works great.

The platforms these professionals work with can not be compared to a Metatrader or Ninjatrader. A lot of things are fully automatic, people only intervene when computers and algorithms fail. Sometimes the algorithms are written so elaborately that even the programmers have problems finding possible sources of error. As a result, there were always failures or massive problems in the past.

About the existing EAs on the market, my friend could only smile. If one would compare the programs of high-frequency traders with a EA, it would be like comparing a NASA space program with a code that controls a refrigerator. The algorithms of the high-frequency traders were programmed according to the market, each market has special requirements that are taken into account. Within a market, the algorithms are changed within seconds to respond to new demands. Even if an EA were elaborately programmed, the challenge would still be with the processors and the data lines.

A major disadvantage is the programming language MQL4 or MQL5. Although both languages support all object-oriented programming standards except multiple inheritance: data encapsulation and type extension, inheritance, polymorphism, overloading, and virtual methods. I already noticed this difference with my Java knowledge. The downside of MQL is that you are not able to build independent applications because MQL is only connected to its corresponding platform and the programs only work there. Java, on the other hand, has platform independence and runs on the phone, workstation, or enterprise class server, regardless of the type of operating system or hardware. Write Once Run Everywhere. Interfaces can be developed to all environmental systems and thus fit into most existing IT infrastructures.

Java programs are initially compiled into neutral byte code. These bytecodes are similar to machine instructions, but are not specific to a particular machine. The source code in Java is compiled into .class files that contain the program in bytecode. These bytecodes can now run on any platform that supports Java. They are almost interpreted and executed at startup.

If MQL had a similar structure, one could easily integrate its indicators or EA into other systems. Another problem: Our EA and indicators require a lot of performance and may delay trading execution. Therefore, a trading screen where we sell our orders should be free from all indicators.

So far, the big players such as banks, asset managers, life insurers, pension funds and investment funds have claimed the market for themselves. Then, 10 years ago, the first high frequency dealers came onto the market and took away money from these big players. They in turn have upgraded and made a counter-attack. Therefore, the market has become even more confusing and difficult. And in the future, it will be even harder to earn money in these markets.

An important insight is that predicting a future course from the current chart is wrong in most cases. The recommendation that we pay less attention to the current chart image and focus more on the Equilibrium, so the small breaks in which the price is balanced.

How can we protect us from the high frequency traders?

One possibility would be to switch to markets that are uninteresting for high-frequency traders. These are markets with low volatility. But we also need some volatility to be successful.

The second option would be to switch from EURUSD to the trading hours from 05:00 to 09:00 CET, from 11:00 to 14:00 CET and from 21:00 to 00:00 CET. But even that makes only limited sense.

High-frequency traders are only active in markets with high volatility, the bigger the better. The higher the volatility, the greater the chance of unpredictable breakouts. Since I seldom handle high volatility this is rather positive for me.

An ATR calculation for e.g. The last 500, 100, 50, 10 and 5 candles are recommended, so you can immediately see a strong increase and can act with extreme volatility with caution.

My friend has absolutely confirmed me in some things. Trading in the tick chart with the simultaneous consideration of the equilibrium are the best options for me. One would only have to pay more attention to the Equilibrium. In addition, Scalpen is the best trading strategy because you are short on the market and have done your business in seconds. So you can switch from one market to another and keep the risk low. The higher the lot and the shorter the length of stay, the less risky the trade. However, one must also have the right information, otherwise it costs the right amount of money.

We should look for medium volatility and wait for extremely high or low volatility or go to other markets. If the big players argue in the market, you can only lose.

Positive he finds the small stops of 0.5 pip, but a chance risk ratio of 1:10 for him is a much too high risk, because one are far too long in the market. The smaller the unit of time, the better, with time being an uninteresting factor in the market. The focus on the Equilibrium is interesting because it shows the uncertainty of the market. Out of certain equilibrium, it can only run up or down a lot.

You do not always have to be the first in a turnaround. His recommendation: First let the others initiate the turnaround and then you wait for the pullback. When you realize that more are coming into the market, you just step in for a few seconds. If the 10 lot win is not enough for you, you can increase the number anytime. Virtual stops that the broker does not see are beneficial. He was enthusiastic about the fact that I could act as a professional trader with a maximum of 1: 400 and in the case of total loss no additional payment must be made. In addition, there are no requotes and an additional 20% discount on my spread. That puts me at 0.4 to 0.45 Pip total cost per trade. While these are still lunar prices versus the high frequency traders, I have far less risk in case of total loss.

High frequency traders do not have this advantage. Nevertheless, their success is much greater.

In the future, speed will no longer bring the absolute advantage, the new strategy is called confusion. In doing so, a course is moved in an equibribrium until most are stopped out or get off. Then comes the decisive movement until the next equilibrium.

At the renko is the pip, at the candlechart the time and at the tickchart the contracts the fixed factor. For the Equilibrium there is something like that not yet in the MT4.

I will think about these suggestions in peace, possibly a new Equilibrium chart will be created, which defines Equilibrium as a fixed value. Or there is a combination of both. Because the advantage in the tick chart is the number of plumb bob we get. In combination with the Equilibrium this could be very exciting.

Incidentally, my friend confirmed to me that the high-frequency traders work with the Fibonaccis. The Fibonacci are included in the algorithms of the calculation programs. Not to generate trades, but to find other traders even easier. Of course, there are other indicators that are respected.

Nevertheless, I believe that the best algorithms have their limits because they were programmed by humans. Although they are able to execute much faster jobs, they are not able to react properly in exceptional situations. And these exceptional situations will trigger the long-term investing big players again and again and thereby prevent the high-frequency traders have a safe market entry and massively miscalculate.

The programmers are convinced of their algorithms, but very few would use their own money to trade with it. In addition, different algorithms have been programmed for the high-frequency wheels for safety reasons, so that a single programmer can never have a complete overview. A good protection against possible competition.

When the two towers of the Deutsche Bank were built in Frankfurt in 1984, there were 20 different companies responsible for different alarm systems in the main safes. This made it impossible for a company to rob the safe at a later date. Trust is good, control is always better.

My Swiss friend also read some posts from me and was impressed by the many creative ideas. Of course, my trade is no protection against a sudden breakout of a high-frequency trader, but he has given me something very important. With the nature of my trade, I am very rarely in the focus of high-frequency traders. In other words, I have little exposure to these high-end scalpers because I am dealing in zones that are either too uncertain or too unattractive for high-frequency traders. In any case, there is still need for action to catch even better entrances. In return, I often catch the zones of the long-acting big players and this guarantees a faster and more sustainable trend, which has a positive effect on my trade.

Furthermore, the tracks of the long-acting big players are the most important indicator. They have responsibility for millions of retail investors and investors and therefore need to be long-term and strategic. We should avoid the high-frequency wheels because we can not follow your actions anyway. For this we need a deeper market insight. I always thought that the DOM in the futures market would bring this market insight, but there are an incredible number of pseudo orders that are deleted within milliseconds again. This creates a false truth of supply and demand. The only truth is the resulting candle, but the moment we see the candle, that's already the past.

I have not found the optimal solution yet and maybe there will never be a correct solution. But the crucial point: The most successful traders in the world rely exclusively on the Equilibrium. This path seems to be the right one, now it just has to be optimized. It looks like a lot of work and time, but in the end it could pay off for us all.

best regards

--- 帖子 #933 ---
Thanks a lot, super interesting !

more than 1200 days without losing, i nearly fell from my chair.

Interesting the fibo mention and the ATR.

Problem with equilibrium is to be overbought or oversold all the way up or down until it reverse.

Maybe ATR is a solution

--- 帖子 #934 ---
Hello rosalieone,

I also found the information very exciting, to what extent they will help us, we will see.

An idea that I brought from Italy could help us. Every day on Lake Como we watched the kite surfers, how they started, their turns and their extraordinary jumps. Most of the time they did not start until around noon and a few hours later it was all over.

To go kitesurfing you need wind. Which wind is suitable for kitesurfing? Today, almost every kite manufacturer has a light wind kite in the offer that promises the gliding experience even under 10 knots. With the right board and the right driving skills, this is actually possible. At the top, of course, it gets more and more dangerous and at some point is reserved for the pros. The best is a constant wind, which side-shore (the wind blows parallel to the shore) or side-on-shore (oblique onshore wind) comes. With appropriate material and enough experience, winds of more than 40 knots are possible with a kite. Beginners are in good hands between 12 and 22 knots.

The wind direction is almost more important in kitesurfing than the wind force.

Since kite surfers mostly drive at right angles to the wind direction, in side- or side-on-shore winds the kiters always drive away from the shore and then back to the shore. As a result, everything is better distributed on the water. Onshore wind can of course also be gekitet, but then all go parallel to the shore and depending on how full it is in the water, it is difficult even for experts to come through. Onshore wind also has the disadvantage that falls near the shore can be very dangerous, because there is a risk of being pulled onto the land.

Depending on the experience, kiting is possible between 10 and 40 knots of wind speed. Every kiter has to find his comfort zone individually. If there is not enough wind you can not get ahead, too much wind could be dangerous.

We traders should also find our comfort zone, the ATR helps us. Too little volatility means one is too long in the market, too much volatility may mean loss of control.

It is recommended to calculate the ATR in the time unit in which one acts. I have three different ATR areas that are critical to me. The last 900, 30 and the current candle. The last 900 candles are a longer term average, the 30 candles a medium term average and the last candle the current situation. With these three values, I can immediately see how the ATR behaves and align my trading style with it.

It is crucial to find out in which area you feel comfortable and act best. Once you've set your range, an alarm could show that the range is leave.

The ATR is just one point of many to watch out for, but it's definitely a start once you've found your comfort zone.

best regards

--- 帖子 #935 ---
If we put 3 MA on a chart with different periods and we've got a movement up or down the three MAs separates until an exhaustion where they stop and come back to an equilibrium. Same with ATR ? What about calculating a speed of separation between the 3 periods and then we could see if it goes up to some ''usual values'' ?

About kitesurf a friend of mine took a first lesson in africa. The wind came, lift him 15m and he fell back on earth breaking his both feet.

--- 帖子 #936 ---
[quote=rosalieone;12342627]If we put 3 MA on a chart with different periods

Hello rosalieone,

Kitesurfing was very dangerous. In the past, there were no safety systems, which sometimes led to very bad accidents. Nowadays, there are quick-release systems, in principle as in skydiving: you simply pull on a red tab and then can be detached from the paraglider. This makes kitesurfing safer.

There are many good ideas for optimally displaying the ATR. With a 16-tick chart (15-second chart), I quickly see a change in volatility. In addition, I let the chart show the above-average traded lot, which clearly improves the overview. In the M1, an ATR strategy makes sense, but I know so less. There are different calculations of an ATR the calculation of Wilder differs significantly compared to the Bioniccandleberechnung.

Crucial is what you want to derive from it. As a Scalper, I'm looking for the harmless entry points of a turnaround, the ATR helps me in this area less, it only informs me about the volatility that currently prevails in the market.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Perhaps this indicator could help you, it shows you the range in the chart and you can enter the number of candles to be calculated. I hope this helps you further.

best regards

Attached File(s)   averagevalue.ex4

8 KB
|
583 downloads

--- 帖子 #937 ---
Thank you.

I've got the chanel but not the numbers
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #938 ---
Hello rosalieone,

There are no figures in the ATR indicator, this is the Bionic Supply and Demand Indicator Post 833.

best regards

--- 帖子 #939 ---
Half a second in high frequency trading

Addendum to the Post 934

Hello dear subscribers,

Some high-frequency dealers are working with Nanex, which provides real-time streaming services and real-time analysis and visualization tools. Nanex is the creator and developer of NxCore, a ticker facility that provides streaming of Telvent DTN market data and provides an application programming interface. NxCore is revolutionary, with key features not found even in the most expensive data feeds. NxCore automatically corrects for any disconnections, regardless of the length of time, and restores to the next price or trade in the feed.

Inserted Video

Here's a video showing the half-second results of Johnson and Johnson high-frequency global trading. The footage was slowed down to get a better view of what's happening.

This will make it clear what the professionals in this market segment are dealing with and why it is sometimes better to wait in extremely volatile markets.

best regards

--- 帖子 #940 ---
You are a creative person. This information has helped us a lot. Your topic is worth pursuing. Thanks ...

First there are 2 indicators that caught my attention
Bionic Bull Bear
Bionic Bull Bear Overview Percent BAR1.4

Let's talk about Bionic Bull Bear Average Candle ... a very important indicator of who controls the movement ... but the problem lies in calculating the present and the past ... in order to know that there is a change between the forces of bears and bulls we should know the numbers that were in Past and on the figures of the past we build our expectations in the present and the future ... I have given you an example in the picture

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I hope the example is clear in the picture ... The goal of separating the rates in each bullish or bearish wave is to get numbers in the past on which we base our decision on them ... Suppose the current wave 1 and we have all the figures in the Bionic Bull Bear Average Candle for the  Wave 1 ... In order to say that there is a change from the downward movement to the upside, we must have a fixed number of Bear Average to be broken by Bull Average in Wave 1, which has become from the past and the beginning

I hope that the idea is clear ... If you make some adjustments to the programming of the indicator, it can calculate a certain number of candles in the past, such as candle A to candle B, and if you can enter some options to display the numbers on each candle to see which candle strongest in each wave .. I am very sorry my language in English is not good, I hope the idea is clear .... waiting for your new creativity and brilliance

--- 帖子 #941 ---
[quote=thelord14;12344441]You are a creative person. This information has helped us a lot. Your topic is worth pursuing. Thanks

Bionic-candle-size-indicator

Hello thelord14,

I would like to thank you on behalf of all subscribers for your kind words. Because this blog lives from the subscribers and their creative ideas. I've read your idea a few times, but I have to admit that unfortunately I do not understand your idea.

Basically, there is only a past in the chart, because if a candle close, it is also a thing of the past. The currently forming candle is the present until it is closed. This means all the candles we see in the chart are past, except for the current candle.

You can calculate a certain number of candles within a certain period with the Bionic Bull Bear Overview Percent BAR1.4. I understood that over each candle numbers should stand to find the strongest candle.

If you have read my Post No. 906 and 907, a strength calculation in the normal candle chart would make no sense, because you can only read in the tick chart, the number of used Lot. And the solder used is the only reason why the price is moving. Thus a correct strength calculation would be possible only in the tickchart. There are many possibilities in the calculation of strength, so I developed the Bioniccandle which displays only 2 movements (main movement and pullback). One possible theory was that the biggest candle in the tick chart would be the strongest candle at the same time and would have to reverse the trend, but unfortunately this is not always correct.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Within one price development supply and demand markets arise. With the Bionic Supply and Demand Indicator, I once attempted to graphically represent these zones. The numbers you see above the HH, HL, LH and LL are the average pip values per candle that have taken place within this movement. It should be noted that only the main movement is counted. In a bullish candle (close-low) and in a bearish candle (high-close).

While the largest candle in the tick chart has the most plumb bob within a constant contract number, it is not necessarily the strongest candle. Crucial for a turnaround is the so-called key candle. This key candle is usually not the strongest candle, but it overcomes a very strong price level. Here is an example

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

At points A and B you will see a strong candle pushing the course downwards. I mark the beginning of this strong movement with a line. At point C and D you will see the key candles, as these candles break through this strong price zone. At E you see a much stronger candle, which, however, had no effect so far.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

At point A and B you will see the result of the key candles shown. At point C you can see how the price goes up. The start is marked with a line. The candle at point D overcomes this price zone. This creates a resistance zone again. This can be repeated indefinitely.

I will gladly provide you the indicator that calculates pip strength of bioniccandle. Please note that the indicator only calculates the main direction without pullback.

I hope I could help you a bit.

best regards

Attached File(s)   candle-body-size-bionicchart.ex4

11 KB
|
952 downloads

--- 帖子 #942 ---
Thank you for the indicator so helpful ... I will try to simplify my idea .. i'm not a professional developer like you in dealing with the programming indicators, all what i need it's to make the indicator calculated a certain number of candles in a limited period without the current candle, i need just a fixid period start from  A  and the end to  B

here is an example in the picture

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

here is some perception about the setting of the indicator

Attached Image

i hope you got what i mean ...

--- 帖子 #943 ---
[quote=thelord14;12345100]Thank you for the indicator so helpful .

Hello thelord14,

Unfortunately, your assumption is not correct, I am still worlds away from a good programmer, as I have just begun to program. As far as I can, I have adapted this indicator. You can now enter the starter candle and then the number of candles you want to calculate. See post 920 picture no.4.

I hope I could help you a bit.

best regards

Attached File(s)   Bionic Bull Bear Average Candle 1.3.ex4

13 KB
|
900 downloads

--- 帖子 #944 ---
Thank you, sir. I really appreciate  that ... You are a good person, what distinguishes you from the others that your thinking is outside of the ordinary and that's what  required  if we thinking as the same views we gonna be as  herd easy to hunt ...anyway thanks again im gonna try to make some modifications  as  MTF calculation or some fixed period calculiton to be appropriate with my method of trading if you dont mind sir

--- 帖子 #945 ---
Who tells his plan, loses.

Hello dear subscriber,

During my holiday in Italy CNBC published on 15.06. following article:

https://www.cnbc.com/2019/05/16/eu-r...x-rigging.html

Barclays, Citigroup, J.P.Morgan, MUFG and Royal Bank of Scotland have been fined € 1.07 billion by the EU antitrust authorities for manipulating the FX spot market for eleven currencies. It was about an exchange of internal information.

For me, this is nothing new, because as I have already written in my post no. 934 on the high-frequency traders, is working today with all the tricks, so that investors and shareholders are satisfied. The victims are the small traders who can not use these unfair methods. The penalty of $ 1 billion is ridiculous, one would have to exclude the respective banks from trading. When someone speeds through the city with 80 miles. A fine does not interest the Raser, but when the driver's license is gone, it looks different.

Did you know that the FF is also noticed by the big players?

At regular intervals, over the weekend I read what traders are predicting over the EURUSD for each day. Since a price always moves in principle against the mass, 90% of the prognoses were usually wrong. If you read these forecasts, you would actually always have to act exactly in the opposite direction. That could work. PS: The big players know that too.

At FF there are just under 600,000 members, of course, only the fewest participate in the contributions, but with 1,200,000 visitors per day FF stands in the world at place 2,700. In the field of forex, FF is undefeated in first place.

Forex Factory is one of the most popular forums because it is one of the most accessible and easily discovered resources in the foreign exchange market. It attracts a lot of people who are interested in making money more easily. It can be assumed that at least 30% of visitors find out about the EURUSD. That's just under 500,000 people, because you do not necessarily have to be a member to read this information daily.

As a beginner one assumes that contributions are written only by experienced and longtime traders and is based on it. If 500,000 traders invest only 1 lot throughout the day, that's already $ 500 billion. Since there are about 5 million traders worldwide, the assumption is quite possible. Many small contributions make a big contribution, that's the idea of mutual funds.

Now, when 40 traders writing in FF that the EURUSD is rising and 4 traders are writing that the EURUSD is falling, it should be clear to everyone what many beginners do. But not only the beginners read FF, but also some big players.

After a rise of 230 pip in the last week, many traders today have assumed that the EURUSD price falls sharply. A trader wrote this morning: Everybody "see" a down move. That's why the shark wants to rise up a little more. He got it straight to the point. Although everyone thought the EURUSD was falling, it still went up another 30 pip.

And that although the RSI has long shown an oversold.  Certainly this is a coincidence, but it could not be a coincidence. I used to read the individual opinions on the course, but I was not smarter afterwards.

News, opinions and indicators are the worst guide when it comes to our money. As a scalper, I do not care if the course is over or under the open at the end of the day. There is an overall trend, a medium trend and a very short-term trend. The smaller the trend, the higher my hit rate. The mean trend is therefore a crucial point in the course of the day. This results in my short-term scalping ideas.

In early 2018, I predicted that the EURUSD will go down at 1.249. At 1.255 came the turn. I thought he would run up again at 1.179, wrong thought.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

On 29.01.2018 I ventured a forecast in the EURCHF which I published in the post 159.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The result was correct, I had luck. Incidentally, we are now back in the area of a strong resistance zone. Of course I happened to be right and you could have taken some pip with it. But which trader gets involved in such a thing? Trusting a stranger more than his own intuition?

The course happens to be in a certain direction, we're only lucky that it can go either up or down. So 50% probability. To be right in this case is therefore not rocket science.

Nobody knows where to go and I recommend nobody to trust when it comes to their own money. Ideas and tips from others are very important, the decision to enter a trade or not, I meet all alone. My experience of recent years: the less likely something sounds, the more likely it is to succeed. The safer it seems to be, the sooner you should keep your hands off.

Of 3,000 documented trades at FF in EURUSD, 500 were won and 2,500 lost. That's a 16% win rate. Currently FF has 39% Trader Long and 61% Trader Short, which tells us exactly where the EURUSD is going.

The reason why I became a Scalper is the fact that I predict more accurately short-term price movements than long-term price movements. But every trader has to decide this path for himself. But you can only decide if you have gone each way once.

I wish you a successful trading day

best regards

--- 帖子 #946 ---
Hello sir ... I was testing  Bionic Bull Bear PERCENT BAR1.4  All what i  did was i put the indicator on chart 4h and in the same time i keep watching 5m chart but  i was surprised by a strange  movement at 5m The price going up by 2 candles rising but  the pourcentage of the bears still increase  on the h4 candle ... is that logical?!!!... aftre 3 up candles in 5m the price crash down ...as i'm trading with VSA method i know that kind of trap move but  The indicator seems like  predicted this movment petty well and this's very interesting ...so what i need is to make it multi time frame it makes me able to watch the number in a small time frame

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #947 ---
[quote=thelord14;12348270]Hello sir ... I was testing Bionic Bull Bear PERCENT BAR1.4

Hello thelord14,

what you have observed is completely logical and correct. The Bionic Bull Bear PERCENT BAR1.4 indicator calculates the candles within a certain range. In every unit of time there are so-called price spikes, which come at some point to bear. You see also, that in your MTF ad, while H1, H4, W1 and MN1 are bearish D1 is bullish.

With an MTF function, I can not help you unfortunately, because I exclusively work in Tickchart and a multi-time frame in Tickchart does not work. Although I know the switch-case function that is used in the MTF, but unfortunately I have not dealt with it so far.

But there is a short-term and simple solution

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I recommend creating a dashboard where you can compare time units side by side. The frames are removed with the Toggle Border Indicator, which has been developed by a very creative trader mladen 2017.

best regards

Attached File(s)   Toggle borders.ex4

11 KB
|
592 downloads

--- 帖子 #948 ---
hello sir ...really your topic makes me thinking over and over as a right way ....but i have some question

1- my first question is about Bionic percentage balance indicator ...i found in the setting of the indicator that word "strenth" did you mean  a candle with  less pullback considered a powerful candle ...is that right and why ?
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

2- is that indicator calculate  size of lot ? can you give me that indicator if you dont mind just for tested with my vsa method
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #949 ---
Supplement to the Bionic Percentage Balance Indicator

[quote=thelord14;12350838]hello sir ...really your topic makes me thinking over and over as a right way

Hello Thelord14,

I am very pleased that you are so committed to recognizing patterns that will help us all. In fact, I have failed to better describe the Strengh setting in the Bionic Percentage Balance Indicator. I would like to make up for that here.

The Bionic Percentage Balance Indicator has an upper and lower level. The upper level displays all bullish movements and the lower level all bearish moves. Both levels each receive a range of 100%. The indicator now measures the ratio between the main motion and the pullback within the bioniccandle. This will enable you to look even faster and deeper into the candle.

The Bionic percentage balance indicator is calculated within a fixed range. Each movement within a candle is displayed in percent, no matter how big this candle is. That brings even faster information. The basis is the Bioniccandle, which is known to consist of 2 movements. With the Strength setting weaker movements can be filtered out in small steps.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here all movements are visible, the dark green and dark red bars indicate the respective pullbacks within the candle.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here were some weak movements filtered out. Shown are now candles that have no or a small pullback.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here we only see candles without pullback. At maximum, all candles that have a pullback can be filtered out, which means: All bullish Bioniccandle where High == Close and Bearish Bioniccandle where Low == Close are kept. The numbers you have to enter vary depending on the price and volatility, so there is no fixed rule here.

To your question 2

The VSA method is very interesting, but in the forex market (cash market) the volume is a tricky thing. Since you will not receive any current volume. You get the tick volume, which indicates how often the market is ticking up or down. If you intend to use the VSA method for the spot forex market, you need to decide if your source of tick volume is a reliable match for the actual traded revenues.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In Post 906 and 907 I have described in detail the differences between Renko, Candlechart and Tickchart. If your source for the tick volume is reliable, you only have the possibility to read out the number of traded lots in a tickchart. The indicator you mentioned has been specially modified and goes deeper into the Bioniccandle for a better view of the strength. In a Candlechart, however, you have only limited possibilities to read the lot. And since the Lot is the only reason for a price movement, I have decided to determine my zones only in the tick chart.

I would like to write some words about a possible pattern recognition. In the last 48 years, there were nearly 40,000 H4 candles in the course history. Within these movements, there is no clear pattern recognition as the candles happen to be random. With just under 10,000,000 candles, which were created in this time in an M1 chart, it may indeed come to the same size candles, but even here is a clear pattern recognition can not be determined. That's why I focus on supply and demand, as it gives me the highest probability to trade profitably.

The indicator you mentioned will be described in the next few days and published.

best regards

--- 帖子 #950 ---
How do I optimize my strategy?

Hello dear subscriber,

If a trader is not satisfied with his results, it is often because he is following the wrong strategy. There are many strategies when trading, finding the right one is the challenge. Unfortunately there is no standardized solution in trading. If you read somewhere "This strategy always works" or "it's just that way", then you should be skeptical. A strategy consists of various parameters such as setup, trading style, time units, money and risk management, etc. Let's look at a few different setups first. I would like to limit myself today only to 5 essential setups.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

1. Breakout setup

Breakouts do not only occur in sideways-running markets, but often within trends. With a breakout setup, you try to catch this outbreak. Since most outbreaks fail, a breakout setup is a trade with a low probability. However, it remains very popular as the chance of catching a new trend is too tempting for most traders. The risk is high and the chance of winning low. If you win it can be well worth it, provided you are already in the market before the outbreak. If you go with a buy order in the market, you could come in late, which reduces the RRR (Return / Risk Ratio) significantly. A limit order is indeed more effective, but here the stop must be big enough not to fly out of the market. Therefore, the RRR in the overall result is rather smaller.

2. Reversal setup

A trend either continues or turns. Similar to a continuation trade, we must have an existing trend before looking for a reversal setup. However, we are not moving in the direction of the trend, but we are looking for a reversal. Reversal trades have a high risk and a low hit rate, but high potential, if you let run the profits. This can achieve a high RRR.

3. Pullback setup

Within a trend, larger or smaller pullbacks arise as some trend followers go out, of the market to realize their profits while traders enter because they believe the trend is over and now a new trend is starting. Pullback trades have a medium hit rate and a medium chance, as you never know how far this pullback is going. When a new trend develops from the initial pullback, you're the first one  and can follow the trend longer. Therefore, the risk is more balanced relative to profit.

4. Range Bound Setup

Within an equilibrium, there is no clear market trend. What happens if the market is caught in a sideward movement? In this case, a range-bound strategy is ideal. The goal is to buy deep and sell high within the sideways movement. As long as the sideways movement does not break out and become a trend, such trading setups have a high win rate. However, since our take profit is mostly within the equilibrium zone, there can only be a small profit on every trade. Lower risk, higher probability of winning less profit and a small RRR.

5. Continuation setup

A continuation setup offers the opportunity to enter in an existing trend. The setup will earn you money as the trend continues. For this, we must already have identified a trend reversal and the first or second pullback. The probability is highest here of all setups. However, the profit may not be so high as the trend could soon be over quickly. If you take the risk to stay in the market and the trend continues to develop, you can sometimes achieve a higher RRR.

Basically, I recommend a beginner to start with the continuation setup and, if successful, sometimes try a range bound setup. If you make a profit in the long run within these two setups, you can risk the other setups. The profits are not so high, but you have a smaller risk. And in the beginning it is important to make a profit, how high should not be matter. The breakout setup is at least 5 times more difficult than the continuation setup. As a beginner you should start with the easiest.

If you've been trading for a few years and have not had success, I'd recommend that you think over and possibly change Setup. The greater the risk, the greater the profits but also the loss. A lower risk with high profits is a dream, such a setup will never be.

If you've been trading for a few years and found your optimal setup but are dissatisfied with the revenue, I can give you e easy advice. Stay true to your setup. Increasing the lever or the number of lot will help you to maximize profits. If you do that within your familiar set-up, increasing your winnings is likely to be easy.

After the setup, we now look at which trading style suits you best.

Position Trading

It follows the long-term trend for weeks to get the maximum gain from a large price movement. A long-term trader uses charts with the closing prices of each day.

Swing Trading

The positions are held over several days and the goal is to benefit from short-term price formations. A swing trader usually uses the 30-minute or 1-4 hour chart. Of course you can trade in Swingtrading for several weeks.

Daytrading

This type of trades, as the name implies, is closed before the end of the day. This avoids the risk of major market movements - and thus possible losses - at night. The trades only run for a few hours and bar graphs with a timeframe of 15 or 5 minutes are used.

Minutes scalping

The trades run only for a very short time - often only a few minutes to an hour. The Scalper quickly tries to beat the spread between supply and demand and settles for only a few pips before closing the deal. Usually the M5, M1 or tick charts are used.

Seconds scalping

The trades only run for a few seconds to a few minutes. One second Scalper quickly tries to beat the spread between supply and demand and settles for only a few pips before closing the trade. As a rule, only the tick charts are used.

Of course, completely different time units or trading periods can be used within the different trading styles.

Time units play an important role in trading, because each time unit shows you a different course of the chart, whereby the course is of course the same in all time units. It's just the graphical resolution that's different. Basically, I recommend in addition to the time unit in which you act to pay attention to a parent and subordinate time unit. If you trade as a swing trader in the M30, I would recommend the H4 as a higher-level unit of time, where you can very effectively determine the resistance zones for a take profit. An M5 may help as an inferior unit of time for an efficient start.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Now let's compare these five trading styles. Please note that this is a purely hypothetical comparison, as there are many different possibilities in reality.

The same RRR was used in all five trading styles. Risk and profit also do not differ from each other to make a possible comparison. The position trader, who may act for a few weeks, should not be taken into account.

As a result of this comparison, it will be noted that the seconds scalper can achieve a $ 200 win within 1 minute while a swing trader would need a week for the same gain. However, in the same ratio, the risk is also higher for the seconds scalper.

While a swing trader can lose $ 100 within a week, the seconds scalper can do it within a minute. This can be seen very nicely in the table under Profit $ / min and Risk $ / min. In the given and calculated case, a swing trader could lose around $ 0.014 in the event of a loss per minute if his trade runs against him exactly over a week. The seconds scalper can lose $ 100 within 1 minute. That's 7,200 times faster than the swing trader.

The swing trader has a stop of 100 pip while the seconds scalper has just a stop of 1 pip at his disposal. The ATR in H1 is 15 pip while the ATR is in the 16 tick chart at 0.74. In this case, the swing trader has a significantly larger reserve in his stop than the seconds scalper. Also you should pay attention.

The time unit in which you feel most comfortable to trade also decides a bit about which style of trading might suit you. The larger the time unit, the more accurate the message of a candle, which has to do with the fluctuation. Higher time units give you more reliable signals than the minute charts. Whether you are Scalper, Daytrader or Swing Trader, you should never look at a time unit in isolation, but always in conjunction with higher / lower time units.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

From point A to point B in the EURUSD D1 we see that a bullish result of 272.1 pip was reached within 11 days. That's 25 pip bullish increase on average per day. The ATR of the last 1,500 candles in the D1, however, show a range of 82.18 pip. How does it fit together?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Within a day candle we see a M5 Zigzag course. This course is very volatile. At point A, you see the candle in the daily chart. In some post I have already pointed out that the smaller the unit of time, the larger and more uncertain is the range that goes through a course.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

If you divide the ATR (average range of bullish and bearish movements) in minutes, you find out: The smaller the time unit, the stronger the average range of the pip. This gives many traders the hope to make  faster profits in smaller time, and better control trades. That is a fallacy.

A day candle is 1,440 times more accurate than a minute candle and 48 times more accurate than a M30. The logical conclusion: one can make clearer and more reliable statements about the single candle in higher time units. Likewise, resistance and support zones can be drawn more accurately. One problem is the coarse candle structure. The larger the time units become, the larger the upper and lower wicks of a candle become. With the bioniccandle one can eliminate these ambiguities.

Now let's take a look at what risk we take in daily trading.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The following table has been developed by me and should exemplify the risk that we enter daily. The comparison only relates to the time unit and the setup. A continuation setup is definitely safer as a breakout setup. A D1 candle is much clearer than an M1 candle. From this I have created a risk profile that is considered purely hypothetical.

In the table you see different numbers, the larger the number, the safer the system is within setup and time unit. The average is 600. We find that a continuation setup in D1 is the safest setup (7,200) and a breakout setup in the 16 tickchart (0.25) is the most dangerous setup. Weeks and monthly charts were not taken into account.

Let's say you use a reversal setup and trade in the M5. Then you'll see the number 10. That means you trade 60 times less effectively than the average of 600. If you trade in the M30 instead of the M5, you increase your effectiveness six times. If a beginner in the M1 acts a reversal setup it is 300 times heavier than the average. If he would act a continuation setup in H4, it would have 600 times easier to trade than a  M1reversal setup.

The table is intended as an example for those who want to increase their effectiveness. I myself work with the Reversal-Setup, Pullback-Setup and the Range Bound-Setup in the Tick 32 and Tick 16. My risk is on average 1 and is therefore very high. However, in the past I have tried all sorts of setups and I am best at using this system. It is only one of the riskiest in the Forex market. The higher the risk, the higher the profit within a certain period of time. If my system were ineffective, I would have to change my setup and time unit.

A minute candle is about 50 times more volatile than a day candle considering the average ATR. The same ratio has the maximum speed of a moped against a fighter jet. Beginners who wait of a breakout in the M1 often wonder why they crash very quickly.

If you were to start as a novice driver with a Formula 1 racing car right away, that would have fatal consequences. First of all, start with a small kart, get bigger and faster later, is easy. A Formula One driver will drive the Monza circuit faster with a big kart than we all do in a Formula 1 car.

Sideline novices basically have only two options.

In the long term swing trading would be the optimal alternative for the side job, but many need the thrill and start scaling after work. That costs real money and is one of the reasons why many lose. Keeping your fingers quiet and learning is sometimes more important than taking unnecessary trades. But it takes time.

Focus and specialize in a single market. If you have understood for years what the real motivations of this market are, much will become easier. You can also make a profit by selling $ 1 for 90 cents to buy $ 1 for 50 cents.

In addition to the right trading platform, the technology and the right money management, your health and condition is a very important foundation for success.

Regular timeouts are crucial to letting all your knowledge sorted and reconsider how you can continue to use it. I have learned from many people, but I have also rejected a great deal of knowledge. You always get insights when you can think about it in peace. When you absorb knowledge, it is like throwing a stone into the water. The water must first come to rest, so you get a deeper look.

Trading can not be taught to anyone, success is possible only because of your own development phase. In order to gain knowledge the blogs help with FF, but you have to learn to renounce certain knowledge in order to find your own way. Trading consists of 80% Psychology and 20% technical knowledge. The art is to deal with defeats properly.

Basically, I believe that nobody makes a functioning and very profitable system public. Because with it, he can earn more money than with the sale of books or with paying customers who demand a daily market assessment and thus put him under pressure. Most trading books and many recommendations from self-proclaimed coaches are their own interpretations and bring us at most a good idea. The idea must be in line with our psyche and we can only help ourselves.

Most traders have developed their own trading logic slowly and independently, the many failures were an important component on the way to success. The pro does not know where the course is going as well as a beginner, but he is decisively ahead of the beginner in one thing. He has a thoughtful strategy within the probabilities. He wins and he loses, that's perfectly normal. But he takes significantly less risks than a beginner.

Therefore, do the same in all FF blogs, take the best ideas, and build your own strategy. Each person trades uniquely, copying that would be hopeless from the outset. But what you have developed yourself can be brought forward with passion. It takes time, but in the end you have something that belongs only to you and no one can take it away. And that's what I recommend to you.

I wish you a successful trading week.

Best regards

--- 帖子 #951 ---
hello sir...i have some question

1- you said that there a some strong candles in  that example...can you tell me please why these candles are strong from the others and how you draw the lines from high to low or full candle?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

2 -in that example you said in point D there a an equilibrium is created ...so how you can detect the equilibrium price?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #952 ---
[quote=thelord14;12364794]hello sir...i have some question

Hello Thelord14,

I think it's great that you work through this blog to get more information. The whole blog is a development process that started in January 2018. Therefore, one can view this blog as a kind of ongoing story in a book.

Your questions are related to Post 741. That was before the start of our # 4 project. In Post 789, 811,820,827,833,845,848,850 and 852,  all the questions will be answered. If you've worked through Project 4 and have more questions, I'll be happy to help.

I also edited the first page of this blog to give readers a concrete overview of the blog topics. That was your idea, for which I would like to thank you once again.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Our next project No. 6 will be our biggest project so far and is already in preparation. It is about combining the advantages of the futures market with the advantages of the interbank market. This project requires a lot of work and will take us all a big step forward. In addition to daily trading we are already working on it and are excited about the progress. I believe that you, too, will benefit greatly from this. I hope that I can publish your mentioned indicator next week.

Have a nice Weekend

--- 帖子 #953 ---
AAA Bionic Power x candle indicator

Hello dear traders,

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

On request of a subscriber, I would like to provide you today with a modified strength indicator. The bioniccandle has only one main movement and one pullback inside a candle. The main movement of the bullish candle goes from low to close and the pullback goes from high to close. The main movement is thus the deciding factor. In this indicator, this main movement also receives a special bonus and is thus able to show the strength of a single candle in more detail. If the value is 0 in the strength setting, it means that all candle thicknesses are calculated. Increasing the number now filters out weaker candles. Depending on the time unit and volatility, different numbers must be entered. The strongest candles arise when high and close (bullish candle) or low and close (bearish candle) are equal. These candles are not filtered out. There is only one bullish or bearish strength per candle. If you use the filter, I recommend you turn off the white border in the setting.

The indicator works in the candlechart as well as in the tickchart. However, it is only possible in the tick chart to draw a conclusion on the Lot used. The candle chart mixes the volume and the number of lot. The justification can be found in the Post 906 and 907. However, the prospect of determining a specific lot number in the Forex market is almost impossible.

There is no real volume in the Forex market because the Forex market is an over-the-counter market. Thus, the volume can not be measured there with the usual tools. If someone buys five contracts in the futures market, this also corresponds to a volume of five in the order book of the respective stock exchange. In the forex market, on the other hand, volume can not be measured by the number of contracts purchased. It is done by summing all price changes found during a specified period of time. In a forex pair, a certain number of completed transactions must be determined for a price change.

That is also the reason why we want to combine the advantages of the interbank market with the advantages of the futures market with our project 6. That we need real stock market data should be clear. Because only with this one can determine the concrete number of lots. And the lots are the deciding factor for a price movement. It should therefore be clear that many indicators in the forex market are not working properly. That's one of the reasons why more traders lose money than win.

With correct stock market data, the indicators would show concrete data, unfortunately, one would have to work at least with the new modified MT5, since the MT4 can not process stock market data. I think that our new project will be a further step forward, but this project will take some time.

The goal is to get specific data about the Lot and still work with the MT4. It is reassuring to know that the future market is not the holy grail either.

For this I will post more information in the next few days.

best regards

Attached File(s)   AAA Bionic Power x Candle 1.3.ex4

13 KB
|
1,043 downloads

--- 帖子 #954 ---
Are you sure that your experience with something like 30 years ago will help in current market situations ? Also what do you mean you made first trade shares over the phone, have you worked in some exchange like NASDAQ or something like that ? Cause there were lot of this traders who were doing this simply. So we really need to understand there were no mobiles with good operating systems like Android and such like iOS, But it all looks very interesting and I am subscribing for sure for example.

--- 帖子 #955 ---
Hello 7Shun,

First of all, welcome to our blog. I am happy that you are interested in supply and demand and hope that you can take some things with you from this blog.

30 years ago, you could not buy shares on the computer as you do today, but had to give an order by phone to your bank. She then acquired the shares for the customer. I have not formulated that well and this statement can be misunderstood. I'll change it right away, thanks for the tip.

Experience is always an important step in a development. The success on the stock market consists to 80% of psychology and 20% technology. This experience is a crucial factor in the trade. Greed and fear are the most extreme emotions to coordinate. In that sense, you are absolutely right that my technical experience of that time does not help today, but the psychological experience is invaluable to me.

A little more than 10 years ago, I gained my first experience in the CFD field and a lot has changed so far. If one is not prepared to adapt to development and react to changing market situations, one will fail.

I'm not any better than any other Subscriber here in the blog and there are certainly many that are much better. I'm not at FF to be the best or right. Although I have intuitively done many things right in the past, I have not been able to describe this practice concretely. That's why I created this blog. It is a kind of diary and helps to promote personal development.

I am delighted that you are participating in this blog, but I can not promise you that you will find the Holy Grail here. Sometimes a good idea is enough to get ahead and I think you might find it here.

Best regards

--- 帖子 #956 ---
hello sir I hope you are doing well

actually,  tow days ago I was working out to understanding Bionic Bull Bear Average Candle 1.3 and how it works with price action ... in fact it's interesting tool and I have discovered something very important that can be meaningful and I would like to consult with you this idea

in this example on the picture :

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

At point 1 ... as you can see Bionic Bull Bear Average Candle with 100 candles at 5 min time frame gives me the Bull average stronger than Bear with 21.3 pips and that's important information that prices are likely to rise

At point 2 ... that level is a pure down candle with -24 pips that number is considered as increase in Bear Average of 100 Candles -17 even the strength of the Bull Average ... so that's makes me thinking if that Bear candle will affect in the price but the surprise the level 2 has become as strong support that makes the price rise

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

here as you can see in the picture i use Bionic percentage balance indicator 1.2 with 100 candles to detect the pure candles very easy

--- 帖子 #957 ---
[quote=thelord14;12378457]hello sir I hope you are doing well actually,

Hello thelord 14,

Thank you for the published example. I am very pleased that my indicators help you, the crucial thing is that you develop your own system with which you can best get along. However, you should never make trade decisions based on indicators. Indicators always follow the course and only later provide their information. In addition, I recommend drawing your zones in the tick chart, as you will get more detailed information there. We traders work with probabilities, and if your strategy gives you higher chances to make a profit, you're on the right track.

Best regards

--- 帖子 #958 ---
Good Morning

I would like the help of someone, because I did all the steps and my chart is on the left side.

I would like an help to pass my chart to 20 seconds.

thankful

--- 帖子 #959 ---
hello wendviera,

Please read my post 404, there you will find help for the second chart. I hope that helps you.

best regards

--- 帖子 #960 ---
Hi bionic. I got the information saying that equilibrium can be found just by using trendline. Do you have any idea on that?

--- 帖子 #961 ---
Hello hfzazh7,

There are many ways to identify an Equilibrium, one can even detect Equilibrium in a smaller time units with the eye. Equilibrium in the EURUSD arises when the buyers of dollars and buyers of euros agree. An equilibrium shows the fair price within a price zone. Equilibrium also means a fight for supply and demand. It is difficult to predict the course of the course within an equilibrium. Even a brief breakout from an equilibrium zone is no confirmation that the price continues in that direction.

I would like to comment on the statement that an equilibrium can only be identified by means of a trendline. Every trader has his personal strategy that he pursues. For the one who made that statement, it may be that way because he succeeds. And if he succeeds, it is right for him. I myself do not work with trendlines. In trading there is no right and no wrong. Everyone interprets the market for themselves, it is only bad if he believes that his statement must apply to everyone.

If you read through our blog from the beginning, you will realize that there are many ways to recognize an Equilibrium. What matters is what brings you the identification of an Equilibrium and what conclusion do you draw from it. In addition, identifying a trend is very difficult as we have to make a decision between Renkocharts, Candlecharts and Tickcharts within different time units.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Let's look at an example in the monthly chart of the EURUSD. From September 2000 to June 2008 we had an uptrend. From June 2018 to January 2017 we had a downtrend. From January 2017 to February 2018, the price has gone up. Since February 2018, the price is in a downward trend. Now comes the exciting question. Is the price progression from point 3 to point 4 the beginning of a new uptrend, or is it just a pullback within the downtrend from point 2 to point 3? Finally we had a short pullback at point 6 and then the course went down. At point 7 we had a big equilibrium over two years as the price moved within a certain price range. This could be a possible indication of a new uptrend, but that is a pure speculation.

At the moment we are in a weekly chart in a kind of equilibrium, in the daily chart and in H4 possibly in an uptrend. In the H1 and the M30 we are in the downtrend and in the M15 and in the M5 in an upward trend. In the M1, it looks like we're in a pullback within a downtrend.

This means that we always find different trends within different time units. To make a concrete deduction from this is pure speculation. As a scalper, I am unable to give a long-term reliable forecast of a possible trend. The only advantage we have is to know that a course always moves up or down in wavy lines. We must identify these wavy lines correctly as traders and swim with the wave. Equilibrium can help identify certain resistance zones. However, the problem is that we do not get exact data in forex which gives us a closer look at the strength of a candle. Thus, the speculation in the forex is much greater than in the futures market.

I have compared the forex market in the last few weeks with the futures market, there were very interesting findings. For this I will publish a detailed report in the next few days.

I wish you a nice weekend

best regards

--- 帖子 #962 ---
im not sure if that's right but seems like those number mean something about equilibrium price..as you can see the bear and bull are draw in average for 100 candles ...so lets get some closely look wich candle get a 4 pips ....

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

awesome and little bit inscrutable... some time the price respect the level of number 4 some time no!!!

do you have any information can get better understanding ?

--- 帖子 #963 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Sir I'm sure this is not a coincidence ...that's kind of equilibrium point very clear ....but the question is which candle more powerful 4 pips with pullback or 4 pips without pullback?

--- 帖子 #964 ---
Hello thelord14,

a possible answer might be in my next in-depth review.

Lovely wishes

--- 帖子 #965 ---
Forex versus future

Hello dear subscribers,

Today's report is about the differences between the forex market and futures. The most important backgrounds are illuminated and some very interesting findings came out. Therefore, this report has become slightly longer than usual.

For many years I work full-time as Forex Scalper and use this platform with FF for me as a kind of development diary. I am neither a trading guru nor do I want to convince others of my way of trading. The background: In the last few years I realized that it is an advantage to be able to reread my thoughts that I had in the past later. I have found my basic strategy for myself and live from my business, but I am motivated to optimize this strategy every day. It took me many years to realize that supply and demand are the only way for me to be profitable. When you write down your insights, new aspects come up, which you scrutinize and analyze. It took me almost a month to develop this report today.

Of course, an exchange takes place within this blog and I like to help where I can. Likewise, I explain to interested subscribers how I proceed, with much intuitive and I want to make this intuition in this blog for myself to understand. This is the same when a racer is to explain exactly how he approaches the vertex of a curve optimally. I make no claim that I am right or that my view of the market is correct. Nevertheless, my way of trading is absolutely correct for me, since I live from trading for many years. Since I follow through this blog no financial interests, I do not have to prove my success. My motivation within this blog is to take ideas, develop them and then make them available to everyone. That's how everyone gets ahead. I realize that my way of doing things is not standard or normative. A trading strategy that has been developed for yourself over many years is always difficult for an outsider to understand. This blog is primarily about supply and demand. This ensures that only the type of subscribers who want to trade supply and demand on this blog sign up. Traders who expect a profitable system with functioning indicators, will not feel comfortable here. This leaves exactly the traders who continue to develop this blog and bring it forward.

This blog helps traders to develop themselves. It's a kind of buffet, you can eat what is fine. There are many systems that can be successful, but you can not copy a system 100%, because experience is the most important aspect. Even if someone were to act according to my system, it would always be different. There is no indicator that tells us what to do, you have to listen to your experience. And experience always needs its time.

Through exchanges with some subscribers, over the last few years many good ideas have come together that I have developed within supply and demand and then made available to everyone again. Quit pro quo, one hand washes the other. The market is not easy, although the price can only go up or down, the odds are effectively only 1:19. Why this is so, I will explain later exactly. Let's first look at the forex market.

Interbank Market

The interbank market is the market where money and credit business takes place only between banks. Banks and financial institutions trade with one another in the interbank market, lend each other money and can thus ensure that they remain liquid. Securities, money, foreign exchange, precious metals or derivatives are exchanged in the interbank market. The interbank market is assigned to the money market. The rates of currencies are not determined by a government as long as they are freely tradeable and not linked to another currency. They are based solely on supply and demand. Forex trading is usually OTC, i. E. it is not centrally organized, but takes place directly between the market participants or through a broker.

Bank risks are to be spread across the interbank market. Through it, the banks can carry out liquidation of open positions that were previously established in the customer business. Or the banks operate proprietary trading on the interbank market. In addition, interbank trading should ensure sufficient liquidity at all times for the banks.

The biggest "players" in the forex market are governments and the central banks, which generally participate in foreign exchange trading in the interests of the government. Due to their financial capabilities, central banks are able to exert a noticeable influence on the foreign exchange market. In principle, however, they use currency trading only to adjust and hedge their foreign reserves. The next largest participants are banks and other credit institutions. The proportion of private speculators is very low here in comparison.

EBS (Electronic Broking Services) is the world's largest trading platform for foreign exchange in interbank trading. The price, which arises at EBS, is the reference for any FX derivatives. EBS Markets maintains an anonymized central limit order book. FX trading banks can trade on the market and trade via these hedge funds & CTAs (Prime Brokerage Arrangements). Although the data is collected anonymously, EBS Markets recognizes whether it is a human or an algorithmic interface (AI). In addition to the classification, the EBS regulations provide for a minimum quota life (MQL). This is to prevent the high-frequency traders from the fact that they have only by their speed advantage over the other market participants. In addition, since there is no specific trade information in the interbank market, this market for high-frequency trading is not quite as interesting as the stock market environment.

The big players therefore have sophisticated computer systems to detect inconsistencies in the currency pairs. These inconsistencies usually last only a few seconds. With so many market participants and the large volume of daily sales, it is more important to keep an eye on the trend and the flow of capital than to recognize an undervalued currency. The cash market is the so-called Leitwolf, it is based on all markets. When the EURUSD course is mentioned on television, it is always about the cash market.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Over $ 5 trillion is being transacted daily in the forex market. By the end of 2019, the $ 6 trillion limit is to be reached. This would have increased the volume of 1995 almost sixfold. In 24 years, the Forex market has thus achieved an average increase of 7% per year.

The EURUSD trades around $ 1.7 trillion per day and the retail trader share is around 5.5% = around $ 94 billion. Worldwide there are about 5 million traders and about 50,000 institutional traders. If 1 million traders per day trade the EURUSD, the average turnover would be 1 lot. Assuming that 10,000 global institutional traders per day trade in EURUSD, their average turnover would be around 1200 per day. This quickly reveals the unequal distribution of powers. The big players act and the retail traders react.

The interbank market has repeatedly come into disrepute, as banks had made price agreements with each other, which had a negative impact on other market participants. In addition, foreign exchange trading almost led to fraud: 98 percent of transactions are conducted in direct trading between banks rather than via a stock exchange. There is no regulatory authority. Only twelve banks control 85 percent of the market. Banks do not trust each other and no one provides information about their trading activities. Therefore there is no real volume or an order book in the interbank market. The resulting volumes in MT4 are a pure estimate.

That's exactly the difference between the two markets. On the stock exchange all market participants have the same extensive information. In Forex market, most market participants have insufficient information. With a trading volume of over 21% in the interbank market, Deutsche Bank has so much experience that analysts and programmers are able to develop interesting strategies from the existing data. This brings clear advantages in the trade. With an average daily sales volume of 3,600,000 plumb bobs, they simply have more background information than the small retail trader. In addition, the Big Boys spend billions on their analysts and traders. A truly successful trader earns millions of dollars a year in these financial firms, after all, he should not have to worry about financing his house, his cars and vacations. He should be free in his mind and concentrate 100% daily on the market.

It scared me that some banks are investing 20-30% of their available funds in the forex market and with that gaining up to 65% of their yearly total profits. So, if you make a bank transfer again and it takes 2 days to land on the other account, it could well be that, among other things, this money is being used in the EURUSD to fund a breakout that may even stop you.

MT4 is the world's most popular forex trading platform. His next competitor is the MT5, which, as the name suggests, is also built by MetaTrader. It is conceivable that even some larger traders will work with this platform in the forex market.

Nevertheless, the forex market is more opaque to the retail trader than the exchange-regulated market.

Futures

The buyer of a futures contract undertakes to buy the underlying asset on the due date at the agreed price. The seller of a futures contract, however, to sell the underlying asset on the due date at the agreed price. At first glance, futures trading thus does not differ from ordinary cash markets, such as the stock market.

But there is one major difference: futures are related to an Underlying, and their Derivative Market price-depends mostly on the spot rate. The price of the Euro FX Future is always slightly above the spot rate of the EURUSD. There is a simple reason for this: if an investor buys the EURUSD on the cash market, he must pay the entire purchase price immediately. On the other hand, if he opens a long position in the Euro FX Future, he only has to deposit a fraction of the current market value as collateral for the futures exchange.

The difference between this margin and the full market price may be invested at a safe interest rate. The returns to be achieved with this safe interest rate correspond to the price difference between the spot rate and the forward rate. Investors can basically trade two different motivations futures. Firstly, futures trading is suitable for speculative purposes because capital investment is low, liquidity is high, and the range of tradable markets is ready. Second, futures are suitable for hedging economic or financial risks. A farmer can sell the late summer corn crop at a fixed price as early as spring, and a portfolio manager can hedge a stock portfolio against general market risk.

Futures trading also offers several benefits to private investors. First, almost no other financial instrument makes it so easy to speculate on falling prices. For this purpose, only a short position must be opened in futures trading, while short sales in equities are only relatively cumbersome. Futures offer much simpler pricing than options, where residual maturity and volatility sometimes influence the option price more than the actual performance of the underlying.

Second, unlike certificates and contracts for difference, investors can be confident in trading futures on a futures exchange of regulated and closely supervised settlement. The business model of many brokers and issuers is precisely to pass on the bid / ask spreads of the futures market at a premium to their own customers. Third, futures trading requires very little capital investment compared to a direct investment in the underlying asset. This allows trading to leverage: Investors can move many times their assets in the market and thereby generate disproportionate returns relative to their use.

The Chicago Mercantile Exchange (CME) announced in early January of this year that it would reduce the tick size for the futures contract to EUR / USD from one pip ($ 12.50 per contract) to ½ pip ($ 6.25 per contract). With this measure, the CME makes the Euro FX future even more interesting, especially for day traders and scalpers.

Futures Trading has a large selection. The exchanges offer forward contracts on stock indices, individual stocks, bond indices, volatility, exchange-traded index funds, interest rates, commodities, exchange rates and even real estate prices. Even if the individual contract specifications differ, the actual trade always runs the same way.

Who sets on rising prices in, opens a long position. If investors expect falling prices, a short position will be opened. In this case, it is an opening position. Even though futures are unconditional forward transactions with a concomitant obligation to buy or sell, it is very easy to exit the market. Investors open a closing position. A short position is closed by opening a long position with the same number of contracts. The market risk is completely eliminated and the investor acts as if he had not previously opened a position.

The performance of the futures depends exclusively on the performance of the underlying, the margin on the futures exchange, the market interest rate and the remaining term of the contract. As a rule, the price of the futures is only a few points above that of the cash market. In the FX Future, the minimum bet is 1 lot ($ 125,000), a tick is 0.5 pip and thus the volatility is slightly lower than in the Forex market. Depending on the broker, leverage is possible up to 200. The minimum deposit is $ 5,000 for most brokers and there are also brokers who charge significantly less. However, this is not recommended, because a futures account under $ 20,000 makes no sense to me.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

More than $ 800 billion is being transacted every day on the world's top 10 exchanges. By the end of 2021, the $ 1 trillion limit could be reached. The forex market is 12x larger than the futures market and 27x larger than the stock market. Since only professional traders trade in the futures market, there is no such thing as the typical retail trader. Of course, there are big players, and especially the dreaded high frequency traders, who are quite different from the smaller traders.

In the regulated stock market, price fixing which had a negative impact on other market participants is more difficult. There is a real volume and an order book in the futures market. All market participants have the same information. The key is the interpretation of this information.

The MT4 does not work on the Future markets, however, the MT5 can be used here, which is too confusing for me, however. A Ninja Trader already has clear advantages but is not as clear as the platform ATAS, which, however, costs a one time $ 2,500. What matters is what information you need for your trading strategy.

Before we start with a comparison between the forex market and the futures market, we first look at how difficult it is to survive in the different markets.

Which markets are particularly hard to trade?

Since 1984, the World Cup Trading Championships (WCTC) holds a Trader World Championship every year. There are different categories whereby I would like to compare only 3 categories stocks, Forex, and Future. The rules are simple. All participants who want to participate in the same broker open a trading account with $ 10,000 in the future or $ 5000 in the forex. Traded only with real money over a period of one year. Every trader can individually trade from home within this year. There must be at least ten round-turn trades. At the end of the period, the three winners with the highest net return are determined. Some traders trade at very high risk, and some drawdowns are above average speculative. However, everyone in this contest has the same opportunities to compare each category. The returns are not representative but provide a rough guide as all participants have the same requirements.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

On the right side you will see a table where the respective World Champions are listed in each category. The period is between the years 2000-2019, with the figures from 2019 being an intermediate, as the competition will run until the end of this year. The average return across all categories is 190% per year. That such a return can only be achieved with an increased risk in the trade, everyone should be clear.

Although we only need the forex and futures markets for our comparison, I included the stock market for additional comparison. Incidentally, I have used all the figures that have been provided to me.

Equities

In terms of equities, an average performance of 81% per annum was achieved within eleven years

Forex

Forex has achieved an average performance of 106% per annum over eleven years

Future

In the area of futures, an average performance of 308% per year was achieved within 18 years

Conclusion and knowledge

In my opinion, the stock market is one of the most difficult markets you can trade on the stock exchange, because a lot of background information is needed for a good performance. In addition, you have to be able to interpret a trade balance correctly and read between the lines. A return of over 81% is an absolute top performance in this market segment.

Let us now compare the forex market with the futures market. Basically, it is striking that the yield in the futures market is almost three times higher than in the Forex market. The best return in the forex market does not even match the average yield of the futures market. The 5 worst returns in the futures market correspond to the average yield in the forex market.

The fact is that the yield in the futures market is three times higher than the yield in the forex market. However, it should be noted that in the forex market trades very many beginners, while the future market is used almost exclusively by professionals and experienced traders. Many traders who started in the forex market trade now in the futures market.

Since the forex market is the interbank market, where banks trade with each othernot in a regulated market, it should be clear that the challenge in trading there is significantly higher than in the futures market. Based on the numbers, it can be assumed that trading in the stock market is almost 4 times and in the forex market is three times as heavy as in the futures market. This is basically an important insight, if you are in one of these markets.

Many believe in the beginning of their trading career that the chance of winning is 50%, as the price may only rise or fall. But that is a mistake. 95% of retail traders lose their money over a long period of time in the forex market. The profit probability of retail traders is thus 1:19. Take 19 cards, place them on the table and pick a specific card. Now close your eyes, shuffle the cards and draw a card from the stack. If it is the previously chosen card, you have won.

The losses are so inevitable and no one should be sad if he loses, that's completely normal. The only chance is to get closer to the market every day through personal experience. This only works if you limit the losses severely and act more defensively than aggressively. As a rule, one lets losses run too long, because one hopes that the market comes back again. Profits are taken too fast because you do not want to give back your win. And then there are the revenge trades to recover his losses. These are typical human habits that you should quickly forget as a daytrader or swing trader.

If you start as a beginner in the EURUSD Seconds Chart with Scalpen and make your entries and exits dependent on indicators, the loss is a sure thing. If you start with table tennis, the ball at the beginning is also played slowly back and forth to get a feel for it. Over time, you become safer and able to accelerate your game. If, as a beginner, you face the multiple table tennis world champion Ma Long from China you will not win a game.

When trading our opponents are almost exclusively world champions, but since many beginners sit in front of their screens, and the opponents do not see, most believe that you have a real chance. If a beginner could see the professional traders of the banks, the initial losses would probably be much lower. The problems are the many self-proclaimed trainers who have no idea about the trade, who pull the money out of your pockets and let you believe that trading is easy. It recommends strategies that could be downloaded for free from the internet. Add to that the many trading books that are recommended on the internet and are actually worth a penny. I was fortunate to not read any of these books at the beginning. When, after a few years, with some experience, I took these books in hand, I was glad that I could not orient myself to it.

The forex market is three times heavier than the futures market, it is crazy that a beginner starts in the heaviest market and when he has success, to move into the lighter market. Normally it should be the other way around.

Comparison Forex Market / Future Market

In the following comparison, the EURUSD in Forex is compared to the Euro FX E6 Future. As I already wrote, these are two completely different markets, which also differ in pricing. Nevertheless, the futures market is based on the cash market, which means that the markets are indirectly linked.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

As we already know, $ 1700 billion is being converted into EURUSD Forex per day. At a Lot value of $ 100,000, this equates to an average daily turnover of 17 million lot. In the futures market, 1 lot equals $ 125,000 in sales. From the stock market data of the CME we can see that on average 150,000 lot are traded per day in Euro FX. That's equivalent to $ 18.75 billion in revenue. The Euro FX Future is 90 times smaller than the EURUSD Forex.

Volatility is significantly higher in the forex market at 0.1 tick than in the futures market at 0.5 tick. In the forex market, the leverage for a non-professional trader is 30, while the lever in the futures market can be up to 200. Both accounts can be opened by beginners, whereby the advantage in the Forex market is that a trader maximally can lose his deposit. With his Trader account he does not run into the minus. In Europe, it is much harder to gain a professional trader status in the Forex area than in the futures market. Only about 4% of all forex traders in Europe achieve these special conditions.

Let's come to a key point: the profit and loss ratio. The probability to win in the forex market is 1:19, as 95% of retail traders lose permanently. Assuming that it is three times easier to make profits in the futures market, there would be around 85 losers for 15 winners. The odd is 1: 6. This ratio could potentially be very realistic, as the futures market is almost exclusively made up of experienced traders.

An interim conclusion:

Looking first at the two different markets, we find that we are gaining 61.5% in the forex market, while the futures market is up 38.4%. This is primarily because the entry criteria in the forex market are easier and the security is much higher.

The fact that one achieves three times higher profits in Future market than in the Forex market, lies essentially in the fact that one gets more concrete market data available in the Future market. First let's look at the market data, which disadvantages there are in the Forex market.

In the forex market, we do not receive a specific volume (number of lots) or a specific number of completed trades. Therefore, there can be no Dom and no Time & Sales list. It is also impossible to display a footprint chart, a volume profile, deleted lots in the dome or an imbalance in bid and ask. For this, the largest banks would have to be willing to publish their data. And that is exactly what will never happen in the forex market. Due to poor data information, the forex market comes to an advantage of 30.7% while the futures market comes to an advantage of 100%. This makes it clear that the futures market has over three times more information than the forex market.

If you add all the advantages together, the forex market would come to 90% while the futures market gets just under 140%. We realize there is no clear market that only has benefits. But a smart trader tries to optimize the benefits and minimize the disadvantages. First, let's see if such a strategy is even possible.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

As we know, there are different prices in the EURUSD Future and Forex market. In the picture above we see the Future FX market in H1 and in the lower picture the EURUSD H1 in the forex market. If you compare the candles, you will find that the differences are marginal. And yet the prices are different. This realization is very important to make a further decision.

I compared the data feed of the futures with the data feed of the Forex market over several months and found that the data feed of the futures had significantly more problems. But that could been coincidence. I myself have a very fast data feed in the forex market, which runs very stable even with strong volatility.

The cost of a lot for me are significantly cheaper than in the futures market. On the Forex market I pay average $ 4- $ 4.5 per roundturn per lot, between $ 5 and $ 10 in the futures market. With 200 trades per month, that's a big difference.

The chance to win in the forex market is 1:19, while the chance in the futures market is 1: 6. Consider, for a brief moment, the opportunities that result. A winning chance of 1:19 means that the trader wins, what the other 19 traders loose. In the Future Market, the winner receives the money from 6 traders who have lost.

We must note that in the Forex market 90 times more money is converted than in the futures market. Let's just do it all down. The forex market is $ 1700 while the futures market is $ 18.75. Thus, it is clear that the profits in the forex market in the ratio are significantly higher than in the futures market. In contrast, of course, there is the much higher risk.

The ESMA regulations made me register a year ago as a professional trader within the Forex market. Since I can never lose more money than I have in my account, in the event of an uncontrolled breakout, my account will not go down. A possible minus account is excluded. That has kept me from trading futures. With the franc shock in the EURCHF, a few years ago, the price went down by 2200 pip within a few seconds and plunged many dealers into misfortune. Anyone who believes that such a thing can not happenmore, is wrong. At the beginning of 2019, some of the prices dropped 700 pips within minutes. So, if someone had just set five lot on a rising course, he would inevitably have been dragged down. In these fast movements, it is questionable when the first buyers come back into the market and the stop finally starts. In the most extreme case, that would have been a minus of $ 35,000. Had the account been $ 15,000, a $ 20,000 back payment would have been due. In my case, I might have lost a maximum of $ 2000. This is a crucial aspect that should not be neglected.

The typical business model of retail brokers is in most cases not suitable that customers make money. It is crucial that one can recognize potential conflicts of interest of the brokers. The danger is that the forex brokers usually know very well where customers are stopping, and that the prices are being pulled up or down around one or the other PIPs to "fetch" those stakes. Compare once in the cash market in EURUSD the highs and lows on major chart brands. If the cash market prices deviate too much from the broker, you should investigate more intensively and possibly change the broker.

Since I have multiple accounts with my broker, I can shift my money within seconds if I want to market with a higher number of lots. In the same way, I can again take my money from the risk area (my current trading account) and transfer it to the second account. In case of a uns in the 1 Tick Chart. Since I trade in the forex market, the specially created Time & Sales list helps me a lot more than thstrong drawdown, the secondary account is not affected. I basically work with virtual orders and stops that my broker can not see. In recent months, the market orders were clearly in the advantage, often I'm so fast in the market and out again that the broker would have no chance to chase me in the stop. Although I believe that the manipulation with an ECN broker is rather not given.

What remains at the end is the chance to win. In the futures market, the probability is three times higher than in the Forex market. We have already analyzed the reasons in detail. The reasons for the higher odds are the much better and more accurate data. Let's first look at the data we can get in the futures market.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

At point 1 we see the Time & Sales list, which is going down relatively quickly in periods of high volatility. In the middle of this list you can see the number of lots traded within one tick. The representation, the displayed Lot is not optimal. For me it is a significant difference if 1 lot or 20 lots were traded in one tick. Accordingly, the Time & Sales list should be adjusted accordingly. For the forex market I have built up a time & sales list, in the form of a graphical representation, which re list from the futures market. I will publish an extra post in the next few days.

Under point 2 you will see a way to view the cumulative trades that were carried out on different price zones. This presentation does not help me personally, but you have many options to change the presentation form. Under point 3 you can see a footprint chart in two different tick charts. This is a very interesting form of presentation for me, which gives me a clear advantage in the trade. Under point 4 we see the DOM. Many Forex market traders believe that this DOM is the holy grail, unfortunately this is a fairy tale. Point A shows the current price in the market and the spread (Level1). Point B shows an inventory of current buy and sell orders. In the context of this list, the entire folders are arranged according to their limitations. (Level2) Unfortunately, this is just a so-called limit order. However, this view is only half true, since the market is essentially determined by market order. The come, however, without notice in the market. Likewise, no stops are displayed in level 2. Point C shows the orders that have moved the price. This information is very interesting and can be found in the footprint chart again.

A big problem is the so-called spoofing. Many traders orient themselves on the Oderbruch to see at which level there is greater buying or selling interest. Often, larger dealers place orders in the market and thus fool a buying interest. Just before the limit order is picked up, it is deleted again. Under point D you can see exactly these deleted orders and immediately find out at what level a spoofing has taken place. Under point E you will find the volume of the current day and under point F the volume of the previous day, but this can be adjusted individually.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The following overview shows a footprint chart in the 512 tick chart. On the left side you can see the accumulated volume, on the right side the Oderbuch Level 2. The red and green bars represent the respective movement between Open and Close. Unfortunately there is no Bioniccandle in this area, which may change in the future could. Inside a candle you will see two different numbers. The left number represents the settled bearish lot, the right number represents the settled bullish lot at a certain price level. The colored numbers indicate the imbalance in the market. BIDxASK Imbalance is a way to read the volume. It makes it possible to measure the difference of executed market orders on BID and ASK via a percentage filter and thus to see more aggressive market participants. As you can see in the graph, aggressive buyers are shown in green and sellers in the chart in red. Correspondingly, market reactions can occur again at these "aggressive" price levels. The imbalance in a chart, recognized in advance, can help you use relevant prices where there was aggressive pressure from buyers or sellers to time your entries and exits. These key areas show us the intentions of aggressive market participants and we recognize the prices at which the buy or sell activity begins. Resets to the relevant prices show here in the screenshot a clear reaction in favor of a bullish continuation. It is assumed that markets are driven by the positioning of institutional money. This can be seen by studying the large orders / volume. The BIDxASK Imbalance Chart gives us the advantage of not positioning ourselves against the prevailing order flow. Also at point 1 you will find two red colored zones. A very interesting algorithm searches out the strongest movements in the market and marks them. This form of presentation of the footprint chart is interesting in that one can immediately recognize at certain resistance zones whether strong buy or sell orders are absorbed.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here we see another illustration in the 512 tick chart. The numbers on the left represent the number of the volume, the numbers on the right represent the number of completed trades. From this one can draw very interesting conclusions.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In this form of representation, the volume in a candle is exactly divided within the tick chart. This allows you to see the strength within the candle relatively quickly and to deduce possible conclusions about a future resistance range.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The same presentation as in slide 9, but here the volume was divided into bearish and bullish movements. The candle thickness can be seen even faster in this area.

Basically, I still record my resistance zones in the forex market within a 16-tick chart. As soon as the price reaches my marked resistance zone, I collect the data from the futures market. If I realize that very strong buy orders are coming in, but they do not lead to any price changes, I can assume that a larger player will absorb these buy orders. This approach increases my likelihood of predicting a trend change more reliably. However, it should be noted that I am a scalper only very short in the market and thereby achieve significantly higher profit quotas. It is also very interesting when the futures market often runs three times in a row at the same price, while the forex market ends in different prices. This is because the Future needs 0.5 pip per tick and the Forex 0.1 pip. This gives me much more accurate information in the forex within the price. That's crucial for a scalper.

Neither of the two markets is leading, so it could generate a potential advantage. The only advantage in the futures market is the deeper market insight that can be implemented well in the forex market. However, you only have an advantage if you have already marked your resistance zone within the Forex market. The procedure becomes very interesting, if one acts within a strong upward trend, the countertrend. If you have a particular zone in mind, you will need a medium term and short term confirmation that this particular zone is relevant. I've already shown you a few ways in different blogs to analyze the trend strength within specific time units. It should be noted that the confirmation usually take only a few seconds. If you hesitate too long, the chance is over quickly. Every trader has his own strategy and approach here. However, this additional information from the futures market is not cheap.

When a big player pushes the price up, he buys the euro and at the same time sells the dollar. The problem of big players is often not the entry, but the exit. So he needs enough traders willing to buy him the euro. So he searches the stop zones of retail traders. Right there he finds enough customers and can repel his order within a short time.

A big challenge is the differentiation of different orders in the market. A price is in an uptrend and suddenly there is a turnaround and the price is going down. Now there are three options. Pullback, trend reversal or equilibrium. Either somebody sells his previously purchased euro because he wants to realize the profit, or somebody buys the dollar because he thinks the price falls. In the third case, there is a struggle between buyer and seller within an equilibrium. Of course, there are different ways of acting in each price level, the key is to identify the strongest key player. Unfortunately, most come at the last moment with a quick market order. Although much more information can be obtained with the data in the futures market, this information is also severely limited.

In recent years, more and more coaches have entered the market who have sold the footprint chart and volume profile trading as a Holy Grail. There is no way to predict the market, as this market is purely coincidental. Although there are always the same processes, but also these processes wear off over time. Once many traders can identify certain processes, the big player has to come up with a new strategy. It's always about it. Deceive, camouflage and cash in. Since I act in very short time units, I can often take the fast movements with me. With small stops of 0.5 pip the losses are limited.

In a tick chart the differences between forex and futures are clearly visible, while in forex 5 movements take place, there isonly one movement in the future. I do not want to suggest that you should trade Forex with information from the future market. For my trading style, the information from the futures market seems to be worthwhile, whether this will last, we must wait and see.

Professionals act and anticipate, the retail trainers react and help with their stops the professionals to leaving. Professionals work strategically and follow the money and volatility while retail traders give up as soon as their strategy stops working. All who climb into the boxing ring must know the rules and know that they face a world champion. The unfair is that when the big player hits us, it hurts a lot. If we hit the big player, he probably will not even remember it. That's why we often leave the boxing ring with a black eye.

In principle, changes in exchange rates arise through the supply and demand behavior of the market players. Exchange rate changes have great macroeconomic significance and therefore play an important role in economic policy. Looking at changes in exchange rates over time, it can be concluded how market actors assess the development of an economy. A currency undergoes an appreciation when its price rises in the foreign exchange market; there will be a devaluation if their price on the foreign exchange market falls.

Who knows that and takes care of it, is already a long way ahead.

best regards

--- 帖子 #966 ---
Hi always interesting thank you. When you say

" It is also very interesting that the futures market often starts the same price range three times, while the forex market comes in different price ranges."

what do you mean ?

--- 帖子 #967 ---
Hello Rosalieone,

Thanks for the tip, I improved it directly.

best regards

--- 帖子 #968 ---
As usual, your analysis is deep and full of useful information, thank you for this.

Sincerely,

WT

--- 帖子 #969 ---
acttely, your blog deserves to be a reference for all traders as a science of trading but i can't hold all these information in my mind so i'm gonna choose what i need.... i'm currently focusing in your ATR as you are the developer of this indicator I need some clarifications and information may improve my way of trading.

as you can see in the picture

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

point A Bear Average of 100 Candles in Pip = -1.5

point B we got a Bear candle down with -15 pips and you can see that level makes the price down .... is't that a kind of equilibrium point?

point C again the same principle im sure that's not a coincidence

i got some difficulty to understanding to Benefit from that indicator with right way

--- 帖子 #970 ---
Project No 6

[quote=thelord14;12385593]acttely, your blog deserves to be a reference for all traders as a science of trading

Hello thelord 14,

First of all thank you for your kind words for this blog, I pass on your compliment to all subsciber who support this blog with ideas and bring forward. As a reference of science, I see this blog less, because science can achieve very little in a purely random market. Each trader has his own view of the market and creates strategies to increase his chances of winning.

The indicator I developed is specifically designed for bionic candles, but differs significantly from a conventional ATR indicator. The ATR is calculated from bullish and bearish movements and not split. The ATR indicator from Wilder includes the closing prices of the previous candles in order to capture potential price gaps. Since I act in relatively small time units, these price gaps are not quite as relevant to me.

The indicator I developed calculates the average pip size of the bioniccandle within a certain period of time. He differentiates between bullish and bearish movements. In principle, this indicator helps to get a rough idea of current market developments. He is not capable of making possible trading decisions out of it.

Many traders try to identify recurring patterns within a price history and derive future trading decisions. In a purely random market, there can be no patterns, since all price movements occur purely by chance and are therefore never the same. The pattern you have discovered is purely coincidental and has nothing to do with the average candle size indicated by the indicator.

It is much more crucial to find out in the course of the market what motives most traders have to act within this market. It is crucial whether you are a swing trader, a day trader or a scalper.

Post 952 How do I optimize my strategy? I once divided different strategies according to their risk factor. Maybe this report will help you further.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...1#post12357981

If you are looking for patterns, you need to know that at best, possible patterns may look similar but never equal. If they focus their actions solely on the indicator I have developed, they may lose a lot of money. In addition, I use this indicator to calculate a maximum of five candles within a 16 tick chart. The advantage of the indicator is that it also calculates the pullback within a candle. In a 16 tickcharts arise within 1 minute about 4-5 candles. With the indicator I get thus the information what exactly happened in the last M1 candle. Unfortunately, this is not a guarantee what will happen in the next candle.

In the post 967 Forex versus Future, I have presented our new, upcoming project number 6. The information we receive in the forex market is very poor to be able to derive concrete action decisions from it. It's possible, but the odds are 1:19, which means most people lose. With the project number 6 we try to bring the profit probability within the Forex market to 1: 6. Maybe this could be an approach that will bring you on in the long term.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...8#post12383408

The advantage of this blog is that we do not all have to follow the same strategy. Everyone chooses what they like and uses it individually. In my eyes, every trader has to build an individual strategy to be successful otherwise it will not work.

Many years ago I realized that the indicators basically follow the course and are therefore slower than the actual course. Thus, I have cleared all the indicators and focused exclusively on the course. I learned a lot in a few years. I am convinced that with our new project number 6 you will get a lot of information about the background of the market. This may help you to optimize your chances of winning.

I wish you a successful trading day.

Greetings

--- 帖子 #971 ---
Chicago Mercantile Exchange (CME) now allows MT5 to trade and a few brokers/clearers are offering MT5 platform for trading of fx futures. Will you be converting this useful indicator in MT5 which can react with real volume of futures?

--- 帖子 #972 ---
Price is always the same no matter the time frame. The daily open is the daily open. The daily high is the daily high. The daily low is the daily low. Same for weekly. Same for monthly. Same for hourly. How you slice and sort up the ticks makes no difference, price is always the same.  Teaching learned from ADVANCED ALIEN CIVILIZATION TECHNOLOGY

--- 帖子 #973 ---
Hello TooSlow,

I totally agree with you that the price history is the same in all time periods, I never wanted to say anything else and believe that this is the typical cause of a misunderstanding. That may be because I expressed myself wrong in a foreign language. This allows the reader to interpret my words differently.

There are different trend phases for me in different time units, although the price course is always the same. A scalper works with smaller stops than a daytrader or swing trader. Thus a trader, in his time unit in which he trades, must observe the trend so as not to be stopped early. And that's exactly what I wanted to express with the example above.

I hope that I could correct my unclear idiom and thank you for bringing this to my attention.

It would be nice if we all perceive the world in the same way. But we do not. In the book What? "Did you really say what I think I heard?" Sharon Morgen explains that our brains delete data, misinterpret, depending on filter tendencies, triggers, assumptions, beliefs, habits and mental models.

In the future I will pay attention to express myself clearly, that there can be no misinterpretations. Unfortunately this is not always easy in a foreign language and because of a different world view of different people, so I ask for leniency.

best regards

--- 帖子 #974 ---
Hello simnz,

First of all thank you for your contribution and your great idea. The AAA Bionic Power x candle indicator is designed to get the most out of the little data we get from the Forex market. We can try your suggestion in the current Project No. 6, but I do not think that this indicator will bring a greater advantage in the futures market than already existing indicators or platforms. The AAA Bionic Power x candle indicator is intended to measure the actual candle strength in the forex market, in the Furure market there is professional software that can even look into the candle.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here you can see a 64 tick chart from yesterday's EuroFX E6 12: 29-12: 30 CET. At first the course went down without much resistance. The Delta colored Volume Histogram shows exactly where the strongest force has been used.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Bid & Ask Imbalance is a way to read the volume. It makes it possible to measure the difference of executed market orders on BID and ASK via a percentage filter and thus to see more aggressive market participants. This makes it easy to find buying or selling pressure and not to position ourselves against the prevailing order flow.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In the 64 tick chart in the forex market, we recognize that unsaved tick data give a completely wrong picture of the market, moreover, we only get insufficient data on the number of market participants and no data on the number of processed lot.

I've been comparing the MT5 with different platforms in the futures market for some time now.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

On the left side we see the Time & Sales / DOM in the MT5 on the right side the Time & Sales / DOM from ATAS in the same period. Spoofing (deleted limit order shortly before execution) can only be seen in the ATAS and that is an important factor for me. MarketDelta, JIGSAW, Volfix, Ninja and some other providers are also able to generate Footprintchart, but here everyone has to make their own decisions. The big advantage of the MT5 is that it is free. However, footprint charts cost money again as indicators. With the project 6 we want to concentrate in the next months on the similarities of the Forex / Future market and work out the decisive advantages. The price development in the Forex / Future market is purely coincidental, the only chance we have is to improve our probability of winning. I am curious to what extent we can use the Future data for this.

At the weekend I will post a kind of time & sales list for the MT4 Forex market, this presentation could be very useful for the scalpers.

Thanks again for the good idea.

best regards

--- 帖子 #975 ---
Use Envelopes to determine the Trend(s)

--- 帖子 #976 ---
No worries, Mate.  It is all good.  Green pips to you.

Cheers!

--- 帖子 #977 ---
Hi Bionics,

You are putting in a lot of efforts in a tough market like fx spot or fx futures.

Scalpers will welcome your research.

I prefer to use an EA to post random trades based on currency strength without guiding the direction and focus mostly on managing risk, hedging locking and unlocking, control drawdown by the use of maximum lots, margin levels%, price bands maximum and minium, and time locks (for timing purpose). All the time sticking to ESMA offered leverage. In my experience, you can't make more than 120% in a year that too not consistently. If you put in same kind of time and effort in buying future options and timing it with breakouts you can make 1000% to 1500% in year by trading a handful of 15 trades in a year.

I will be happy to share my experience with a passionate trader like you.

All the best to you.

If

--- 帖子 #978 ---
[quote=simnz;12392337]{quote} Hi Bionics, You are putting in a lot of efforts in a tough market like fx spot or fx futures. Scalpers will welcome your research.

Hello simnz,

First of all, I am very pleased that you have found your strategy and home in the trade. We have something in common in this area. I agree that trading in Forex is one of the biggest challenges in addition to equities, but I find trading in the EURUSD a no big challenge as I have been dealing with it for many years.

I have a good friend who has been trading options for years, but that's not my world. Higher returns are a motivating force for many, I've had a steady income for many years, and the trade optimizations I work on every day aim to spend more time with my family and the people I love.

I am also happy if you succeed with EA. EA can contain very interesting algorithms if you program them to filter out the small milliseconds in the Equilibrium to extract information that is not displayed in the DOM or Time & Sales. However, with my experience I would not use it for action.

My passion is this trade and every morning when I get up I am looking forward to working in this market. When I started in this market, I have been modest and with great respect in the trade. In the beginning, I had only my capital, that I had earned over years.I wanted to optimize this capital only with an interesting return, that was the plan. That everything has developed so, I never thought. I do not want to become a multiple millionaire, I take small pieces out of the market and am satisfied. A small cleaner fish that is not eaten by the big sharks, at least not yet.

Thank you very much for your kind offer and I am very honored that you thought of me in doing so. But I hope you understand my intension and my passion for this market, which I have been practicing with dedication for many years.

I wish you this passion from the bottom of my heart and a lot of success besides health.

best regards

--- 帖子 #979 ---
Your choice of EU is good. It is better to be a super-specialist. It is a good symbol for selling options.

Anyway, nobody can become a multi-million millionaire if the trader has no money raw material to run the financial trading machine. It is a fantasy. whether you trade fx spot or fx options, as long as you enjoy doing it, it's fine.

--- 帖子 #980 ---
A kind of time & sales for MT4?

Hello dear subscribers,

Our project # 6 is about improving the probability of winning in the forex market from 1:19 with data from the futures market to possibly 1: 6. Today I would like to introduce a kind of time & sales list for the forex market. The idea to create a time & sales list for the MT4 was born when I started drawing in my resistance zones in the tick charts. However, this presentation can only use the data from the forex market and is therefore not comparable to a real time & sales list from the futures market.

Our project # 6 will deal with the largest currency pair in Forex (EURUSD) and Future (Euro FX E6). The best-known currency futures contract is the Euro FX Futures, which is listed on the CME (Chicago Mercantile Exchange) and can be traded 24 hours a day in electronic Globex trading. The ticker symbol is 6E and in this foreign exchange future, the euro is traded against the US dollar. The quotations are made with five decimal places, thus e.g. 1,12770 USD for the dollar. The smallest price change, a tick, is set at 0.00005. The tick value is 6.25 USD (0.00005 USD * 125.000 EUR / Lot.

First let's look at a time & sales list in future market (Euro FX E6).

Inserted Video

On Friday evening we had some volatility, on the left side you could clearly see the Time & Sales list. Any small $ 0.00005 change will result in a tick. In addition, the list also shows the number of traded lots at the respective price level.

In the futures market we get clear information about the number of participants and the number of traded lot. Although there is no allocation how many lots each player deals within a given time, there is a trick, however, how to recognize the big players anyway. But I will go into that in more detail in the next few weeks, when we take a closer look at the future data. In addition to spoofing identification, there are historical volume levels as well as high frequency trader algorithm tracking. In the last few days I was able to clearly identify and take some breakouts before they took place. These are the topics for the next weeks.

In contrast to stock trading, the Forex market does not take place at a central trading venue. Therefore, the volume can not be measured with standard tools on the stock market. If a trader buys a single share, then this corresponds to a volume of 1 in the order book of the respective stock exchange. However, this is not possible in currency trading designed for global trading. As a consequence, the volume can not be measured in terms of the number of shares acquired, but only by summing up all the price changes recorded during a fixed period. For a price change in a currency pair, a certain number of completed transactions must be determined. The volume is a popular instrument in the technical analysis of markets, as it offers an additional dimension in the analysis of the price development of an asset. It helps to determine the strength of price movements. If a price movement is accompanied by a proportional increase in volume, it is considered more important than without. Traders will have to wait until the end of the day for accurate volume counts. However, there are other ways that traders can determine the market volume, e.g. with the tick volume or with the number of price changes. A rapidly changing market price can be an indicator of high trading volume. Therefore, a tickchart in the forex market is the only alternative to get as close to the volume as possible.

Since we do not receive any lot in the forex market, our self-made time & sale list is no concrete statement about the traded lot. If you run my idea of the time & sales list in the MT4 over a tickchart, they come a bit closer to the volume. The best data is the stock market data, but this is a short-term alternative in the forex market.

Let's take a closer look at the idea.

If we take a closer look at a 1-tickchart in forex, we will notice that no real candles are formed. The chart shows only a few lines that have a different price structure. The question was, with which indicator we are able to combine these individual lines. If you use a regular Bull Baer indicator, it will not work. So we need an indicator that includes in its calculation the close of the previous candle to make a candle out of two strokes. One solution is the Heiken Ashi calculation. The disadvantage of this indicator is that it smoothes the individual values. However, the smoothing in a 1 tickchart is not quite as dramatic, so that good values can still be achieved.

The idea was simple, we create a second MT4 with a 1 tickchart into which the Heiken Ashi indicator comes in. For all traders who do not have a tickchart available, it is also possible to operate the Heiken Ashi in a 1 second chart. However, the values in the 1 second chart are much slower and less accurate. For this I have created a video.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In the upper 16 Tickchart the Bionikcandles were used. At point A you will find the Heiken Ashi in the 1 tickchart at point B you will find the Heiken Ashi in the 1 second chart. On the right side is the Time & Sales list from the futures market, where I have only made visible the number of traded lot in the futures market. We have to keep in mind that in the futures market a tick starts at $ 0.00005, while in the forex market a tick starts from $ 0.00001. Within the same period, there are significantly more ticks in the forex market than in the futures market. First of all, please pay attention to the difference between the 1 tickchart and the 1-second chart in connection with the course price. At first, the price goes down, there is a short pullback and then another price down.

Inserted Video

In the video you can see that the 1 Tickchart works much faster and cleaner than the 1 second chart. In the process, bearish or bullish investments in the market can be detected very quickly. Likewise, the volatility is relatively easy to detect. If the ad moves faster, the volatility increases. When the price goes up, you can see in the ad exactly the bearish objection that come in during the price. Pay close attention to the different circumstances of the bulls and bears. From this you can make assumptions, but the main decision to open a trade should always result from your strategy. In the past I have marked my resistance zones in the 16 tick chart. Once the uptrend came into my zone, the ad has often served me well. However, one has to keep in mind that the price often goes beyond the resistance zone, catch the trader's stops and then starts a stronger downtrend.

If you want to work with this indicator, you must first create a tickchart or a seconds chart in a second MT4. The indicator is then called in the offline chart. You can find more information in this blog. If you do not like the set color, I recommend Maroon and DarkGreen. Zoom out the chart as far as you can. Then you just have to place the tickchart under your main chart and you're ready to go. Another indicator (Toggle Borders) with which you remove the frames, you can download at the end.

Please note once again that this is not a specific time & sales list from the futures market. We have no concrete volume of data in the Forex market that we can access. But with this view we have the chance to roughly estimate the buy and sell orders that are currently coming onto the market. In addition, we recognize very quickly when there is high volatility in the market.

I once listed an example of what that might look like

Inserted Video

Under my 16 Tickchart I inserted the Heiken Ashi, there he shows me very quickly the different trends. In an extra MT4 1 Tick Chart is the fast passing Heiken Ashi. In the video you can see how the course first goes up, then forms a small equilibrium. In the 1 tickchart heat Ashi, we quickly realize that strong bearish moves are coming in, signaling a possible downward trend.

This is just an idea that may possibly help one or the other trader. I recommend trying this indicator for yourself first and warn against making trade decisions. Maybe we have an alternative here, the 1 Tickchart is in the Forex market clearer. The values in the Heiken Ashi are slightly smoothed, so that not every tick is displayed correctly. However, the benefit of smoothing is that you do not see every little change in price. This creates a better picture. The indicator is not developed by me, but I adapted it for this project.

If the idea brings you further, we look forward to your feedback.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The next week, we look at the methods, you can use to look closer into a forex candle.

I wish you a nice weekend greetings

--- 帖子 #981 ---
hello sir...i have a question about that kind of candles ...a candle without pullback ...that candle it's a puzzle ...whats that mean a candle without pullback in a hard market the sellers and buyers fight ech other ...how is that superman ?!! he  can  Passes a quantities without any  pulback ..is it Normal that kind of candles ....Is that also a coincidence ??i find that you considered a candle with less pullback as a powerful candle ...is that right and why ?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #982 ---
[quote=thelord14;12394546]hello sir...i have a question about that kind of candles

Hello the lord14,

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

First let's compare your chart with my H1 chart.

We notice that your candle does not contain a pullback, while my candle has a small pullback. This is because the brokers pass on different price positions to their customers and it also comes due to the time difference to different candle formations. Basically, we have to assume that many traders in Forex market, especially in smaller time units, receive different candle information.

Let's come to your chance discovery. One speaks of chance when an event is unpredictable, when it is not deterministic. Science was originally operated to suppress chance. Today, however, we know that chance is an indispensable and fundamental part of nature. Unfortunately, the course is unpredictable and thus the formation of candles is a coincidence. You may have noticed some similarities over the past few weeks, and you are now creating a policy. Personally, I find that very dangerous because trading often involves a lot of money.

Let's return briefly to the construction of the bionic candle.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

At point A and B you will see a standard candle on the left side and next to it the representation of the Bioniccandle. While you get several movements with four pieces of information (OHLC) in a standard candle, the Bionicchart only has two movements with three pieces of information (HLC). The open can often be estimated from the close of the first candle. Gaps between the candles are not relevant to me. But if you look for gaps between the candles, you should also pay attention to the gaps in the candles, which in my opinion are just as important. However, one can often not recognize them in a normal chart.

A trader needs to gather a lot of information within a day. With the Bionik candle I have reduced this flood of information a bit, because you can identify only two movements. At point C you can see the gradations of each bioniccandle. Underneath you will find a table about the respective candle strength at point D.

The bullish bioniccandle eliminates the lower wick. If in this candle the high and the close are on a price level, then it is a strong candle for me. The bearish Bioniccandle eliminates the upper wick. If in this candle the high and the close are on a price level, it is also a strong candle. The pullbacks have a much better significance for me than the actual main movement, I have already written about them in great detail in many posts. I am very happy that you are interested in the Bioniccandle, but I strongly recommend that you read this blog thoroughly. Within this blog you will find many examples of bioniccandle, the genesis, the strength and the possible conclusions that can be drawn from it.

This blog now contains over 300,000 words, which corresponds to about three books. I know that this is very tiring and time consuming, but you should keep in mind that this blog is absolutely free for you and you also get many great ideas from our Subscriber.

I wish you a successful day

best regards

--- 帖子 #983 ---
Footprintchart in the forex market?

Hello dear subscribers,

The identification of many resistance zones was made significantly easier and clearer with the use of the developed Bioniccandle. In contrast to the Renkochart and Heiken Ashi who smooth the course, the Bioniccandle shows the same course as a candlechart only a little clearer, since the Open was omitted. There are a maximum of 2 movements in each candle, the main movement and if the price does not close at high / low, additionally a pullback from high / low to close. The pullbacks within a bioniccandle have so far been more crucial than the main move to identify a possible turnaround.

In Project No. 6, we first test whether the detailed data from the futures market is useful for making trading decisions in the forex market. So far, the results are very promising, but the price movement in the Forex market is much finer, since a tick is $ 0.00001 and the future market is $ 0.00005. The price developments of both markets run almost parallel to each other, the reasons for which I have already described in detail. Post 967.

https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...8#post12383408

Before I created my own blog at FF in January 2018, I spent many years visiting FF on a regular basis and noticed the professional contributions of a very creative programmer Hanover. This post by Hanover and some other professional traders was the reason why I opened a blog here. I was particularly proud when my post received 967 a Like from Hanover. This may seem ridiculous to many, but I appreciate the work and opinion of Hanover very much. Although Hanover has been somewhat withdrawn for a year, his work is still cult and a benchmark for many successful traders. So I can be very proud of a Like.

As I only trade in the forex market because of the much lower risk, the data from the futures market is very valuable, but I wanted to check first whether a cluster chart (footprint chart) also works in the forex market. From the pure logic ago, that should not work, since the Forex market does not provide Lot, which are needed among other things to the calculation of a Footprintcharts. The market offers some footprints for the MT4, I chose the most effective one and bought it. The advertising sounded promising at first.

There are 6 criteria of cluster generation: Time interval, the criterion is set in seconds. Price range, the criterion is set in points. The current cluster is closed when the deal price goes beyond the specified price range. In that case, the current deal is included in the current cluster, while the next one opens a new cluster. The range is calculated as the difference between the High and Low price in the cluster. The difference (delta) between buy and sell volumes. The current cluster is closed when the delta with the next deal exceeds the specified volume. The next deal opens the next cluster. Total volume of deals. The current cluster is closed when the total volume of purchases and sales in the cluster exceeds the specified volume after one of the deals. Number of ticks. The cluster is formed by the specified number of ticks. Deal type. A cluster is formed by deals of the same type.

There are 7 types of cluster representation: "Delta" - display the delta. "Delta %" - display the delta as a percentage of the corresponding ASK or BID volume. "BID + ASK" - display the sum of BID+ASK volumes. "ASK & BID" - display the ASK and BID volumes separately, the ASK volume is drawn in the upper half of the cluster cell, the BID volume is drawn in the lower half. "BID x ASK" - display the ASK and BID volumes separately, the ASK volume is drawn to the right, while the BID volume is drawn to the left of the cluster center. "Delta and BID+ASK" - display the delta and the sum of BID+ASK volumes. "Delta% and BID+ASK" - display the delta as a percentage and the sum of BID+ASK volumes.

YuClusters features built-in volume filters, indicators of cumulative delta and weighted average price of the cluster volume.

YuClusters has a powerful system of alerts, which can be set to events related to clusters, volumes, prices and built-in indicators.

In the interbank market, there is no concrete volume, but only approximate values, since I use a very good ECN broker, I was sure to test that this advertising promise of YuClusters with the help of the data from the futures market. Of course, these are two different markets that are difficult to compare, but as the markets are linked by swaps, it should be possible.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

On the right side you can see the Euro FX E6 in the 5 minute chart showing the Bid & Ask Delta Histogram. The left number shows the number of bearish lot, the right number shows the number of bullish lot traded within one price level. In addition, there is a graphic display that is shown in red and green.

On the left side you see the indicator of YuClusters, which also represents a kind of delta histogram. Maybe the ticks in Forex can be used to find out how often the price reaches a certain price level. Basically, the structure is already a special programming performance, the result is the deciding factor.

Since about 90-100 times as much money is spent in the Forex market as in Euro FX Future, the numbers in the cluster can not be lot. However, since no lot is published in the forex market, I would like to focus less on the numbers in this comparison, but on the specific relationship between bid and ask.

Inserted Video

Here you can see the indicator in the forex market at work. Among them I ran the Heiken Ashi indicator as a kind of Time & Sales list, which I posted on Saturday.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

On Friday the 19th of July at 20:05 CET there was another quick move down. On the pullback of the Bioniccandle, it can be clearly seen that the first move at point A was significantly stronger than the move at point B. The candle at point C then continued the uptrend. Let's compare these three candles in the forex and futures market as an example.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

We start with Candle A. On the left side is the cluster in the forex market. The high was 1.12243 and the low was 1.12127. Overall, the range had a movement of 11.5 pip. On the right side is the cluster in the futures market. The high was 1.12750 and the low was 1.12640. Overall, the range had a movement of 11.0 pip. (It should be noted that these are different reviews.) In the first moment, the motion sequences seem to be of a similar nature, although you can already see significant differences in the representation of the clusters.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In the second candle, the movements in the futures and forex markets are very similar. While the forex market gained 10.1 pip, the futures market was 11.0 pip. Although the numbers in the clusters differ significantly, at first sight the distribution of the bid and ask seems to be very similar.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The range in the upward candle is similar with 6.9 pip in the forex market and 7.0 pip in the futures market. The distribution of bid and ask are similar in nature, but they deviate slightly more in the middle.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

If we compare the respective candles from the forex market and the futures market, we will notice that there are some strong deviations and that the candles under point B are the most similar. For this reason, we will examine these two candles closer.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

To get a rough overview I added  together the bit and ask values and created a table. At first glance, the course seems to be similar, you could see that already in the overview of the candles. But unfortunately that's only half the story. In 16 Tickchart you can see exactly the course of the candle. After the first bearish momentum, a strong bullish movement arose, which was then almost completely pushed down again.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

First, I transferred the respective cluster values of the forex market and the futures market into a file. There were more price levels in the forex market than in the futures market. I have set the zones with the highest volume as the center and used this to create a table. In this overview it becomes clear that the differences within the candle are serious. This candle is a bearish candle that has a slightly larger pullback than the previous candle. In the Delta Histogram the forex market it looks as if the bulls had a clear advantage in the middle of the candle, at the highest volume. With this information, many in the forex market might have gone long.

The Delta Histogram on the futures market shows that just before the highest volume was reached, the bulls had the upper hand for a moment, but after the highest volume was reached, the bears were significantly stronger again. Shortly after the highest volume, the bulls spoke again and press the course up at the end. With this information in the futures market, one would have been much more cautious about entering into a long trade.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

With the different attitudes in the futures market it is possible to look even deeper into the candle and determine possible imbalances. You can also see the number of trades that are responsible for a certain number of volumes. These are all important pieces of information to avoid being misled on the wrong track.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The information from the YuClusters indicator is a very interesting alternative within the forex market. However, the indicator uses the incomplete volume data available in the forex market. This is partly misleading, which is ultimately not the fault of the indicator, but is the faulty volume. The information you get with this indicator is much better than a normal candlechart. So I do not regret my purchase. However, basically, I can not make a clear recommendation for it because our volume data is inadequate. The advantage of the indicator, you can first download a demo version and test without time limit. If this indicator does you any good, you can still think about whether you're ready to pay $ 55 for it. YuClusters is also available for the MT5, for that I would rather make a recommendation, because the indicator uses the exact stock market data. With $ 55 it is much cheaper than other suppliers of footprints, but I have not tested the MT5 version yet. There is also a demo here.

Finally, we realize that many false data from the Forex market are responsible for giving us a flawed market picture. If you trust this data and trade, you have to expect to lose. This makes it clear that we can not do without the important future data in the long term.

And that's exactly what we'll be dealing with for the next few weeks.

best regards

--- 帖子 #984 ---
LOL, you flatter me sir, I'm merely an old-time programmer who dabbles in trading as an occasional hobby. I post my opinions here, right or wrong, just like everybody else. My subscriber count merely reflects the length of time I was around here, and is a total embarrassment to me.

It makes sense to me that footprint charts get you closer to the 'real action' that drives the market -- liquidity imbalances at different price levels -- than standard candlestick charts. Of course spot FX is more difficult because the market is decentralized (making it near impossible for the retail trader to get comprehensive volume information); is potentially swayed by the actions of a cartel of large trading banks; and the available instruments are highly correlated (the lower the degree of correlation, the better diversification tends to work). Anyway, I'm nearly repeating statements that I've made many times before.

This is a huge thread with much good info, I will read it more intensively when I get some spare time.

Meantime I wish you good health, great success in your trading endeavours, and much happiness.

David

--- 帖子 #985 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Hello David,

Thank you for your compliment, I was very happy about it. In addition to your incredible ability to program, I think you have a great deal of knowledge about the markets and their relationships. Which impressed me that in the many years you tried to help everyone without being bossy or arrogant. And that is a feature that is rarely found in FF today. I never had the feeling that you are putting yourself above a person. You also helped me once, even though you had more important projects during this time.

I use this blog as a kind of development diary and realize that I look at things differently today than I did many years ago. This chronological and comprehensible development is a decisive step for me to progress. After having dealt with the stock market data a few months ago, I noticed how little information we receive in the Forex market. Now we have to dissolve and sort these data so that they give us exactly the information needed to derive concrete trading decisions. But even the best information from the stock market is of no use, if we do not interpret and implement them correctly.

I would like to thank you again for your compliment, because I now know that we are on the right track. But we are just beginning and it is still a lot of work. I am very motivated to take this step with all the great subscribers who creatively support this blog.

If we were to get lost in this blog, everyone would be happy to receive a small and brief hint from you.

I wish you all the best from my heart

Michael

--- 帖子 #986 ---
Thank you Michael, for this information-rich thread and excellent work.

--- 帖子 #987 ---
Hello Khalil,

Thank you for your kind words, I was very happy about it. We have a commonality that unites us: we are both very creative. I'm impressed by your work and what you do to get on with it. In addition, besides having a high IQ, you have a very high emotional competence. After my Oracle certified master, a year ago, I first understood what data a MT4 processes and outputs. It suddenly became clear to me that it would be no use developing the best indicator. As long as the basic data received from the broker are incorrect or incomplete, you will not get to the target. Although the forex market is one of the most difficult markets in the world, it offers a great deal of security for most traders as their account can not go down. At the same time, the chances of winning are highest here. I would like to take a path that, in my opinion, has so far received little attention. With the right stock market data, we have a realistic chance to move forward in the opaque forex market. I'm less interested in the money that I can earn with it. The key is the challenge of finally being able to work with real data in order to make the right decisions in a parallel world. Maybe this could work, we will see.

All the best, Michael

--- 帖子 #988 ---
Michael, congrats on making it to the Oracle Certified Master.

I done mine a while ago in 2002. Make sure you scan it in color; in case you loose the original through *family related* matters

--- 帖子 #989 ---
[quote=alphadude;12398939]{quote} Michael, congrats on making it to the Oracle Certified Master.

Hello alphadude,

I did that at that time, thank you very much for the tip. If you have an account with Oracle, you can download it again and again. If you have mastered in 2002, your programming skills are certainly already very professional. I just wanted to have basic knowledge to figure out what's behind the indicators. Actually C++ is closer to MQL4 / MQL5, but for the beginning Java seemed a bit simpler. While there are no pointer arithmetic, goto statements, anonymous enumerations, or multiple inheritance, the order of ordinary statements (arithmetic, logical, binary) is the same as in C++. Unfortunately, you can not build independent applications in MQL4 and MQL5, because each language is connected to its corresponding platform. That would make a lot easier, but you can not have everything.

But to be as professional as Hanover, Nicholishen, Swingrader, palpite, FerruFX, cja, MathTrader7 or honestknave I would need decades of practical experience. Surely I've forgotten many good programmers now. We are now focusing on our next project: to become more successful in the forex market with the information from the futures market. That will be a good deal of work.

Unfortunately, the program I work with does not allow any programming intervention, so I think MQL5 may become an alternative for me in the future to get the data that I think is important. But that will take a while.

I wish you a successful week

best regards

--- 帖子 #990 ---
Project 6 Forex & Future

Hello dear Subscriber,

Dark pools are bank or exchange trading platforms for the anonymous trading of financial products that are traded outside the open securities trading of the stock exchanges. The dark pools include areas such as Forex (Spot Currency Trading) and CFD (Contract for Difference). Dark pools are not subject to the rules and supervision of the European stock exchanges. There is no transparency in these markets. In the LIT market or light pool market, which refers to the ECN stock exchanges, there is an order book that will be published for everyone. This market allows traders to see the amount of liquidity.

Worldwide, there are about 70 exchanges, the ten largest produce a daily turnover of $ 800 billion. It is estimated that about $ 1.6 trillion will be transacted every day on all stock exchanges worldwide. The darkpool of the forex market converts about $ 5.4 trillion daily. Thus, the stock exchange has a share of about 25% of the total turnover (forex and stock market). Most of the trade is thus via the unregulated stock market.

Since the dollar is involved in currency trading in 88% and the euro in 38% of all cases, EURUSD is one of the most traded currency pairs in the Forex market and Euro FX in the futures market. Adding up the daily flow of capital in both markets adds up to $ 1,718,750,000. On average, Euro FX trades 150,000 Lot a day, making the futures market just 1%. That means the EURUSD is almost 100 times bigger than the Euro FX. 99% of the market is not regulated by stock exchanges and only 1% of total turnover gives us specific stock market data. Actually, it would be unwise to assume that one could use the Euro FX stock market data to make specific assumptions about the EURUSD forex. However, since the EURUSD is linked to the Euro FX via the swaps, this assumption is not entirely outlandish.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In my post 967 forex versus future, I made a candle comparison between the two markets and found that the movements are almost identical. I have already explained the reasons for this in detail. Next, I wanted to know how the markets relate to each other in a very small amount of time. Since the ticks in the forex market are significantly smaller than in the futures market, I had to make an adjustment for a comparison. In the following video you will see on the left side the futures market in a time unit of 4 ticks and on the right the forex market in a time unit of 16 ticks.

Inserted Video

At first, the course was in a small equilibrium and then went down a bit. Interesting, but not surprising, is that the two courses are almost parallel even in a very small amount of time. This information has given me another reason to be more involved with this project # 6.

I would like to give a brief explanation of our upcoming project no. 6.

The goal is to match the forex data and future data so that it is possible to trade more successfully in the forex market due to the better information of the futures market. While in the forex market about 100 times as much money per day is converted as in the futures market, the profit opportunity of 1:16 is significantly smaller than in futures market with 1: 6. The attractiveness of the forex market is much higher and more interesting, but also more risky. As we have noted, this is due to the insufficient data provided in the forex market. In project # 6 we want to try to use the advantages in the futures market to realize higher profits in the forex market. Please note that this is only a project and not a recommendation based on futures data to trade in the forex market.

In addition to a MT4 with its own generated indicators, I have selected one of the best platforms for the futures market, which I think is currently available. ATAS is a professional trading and analysis platform for order flow and volume trading and offers many features for quick and easy market analysis: time and sales, level II data, current and historical volume levels, and HFT algorithm tracking. The platform prepares raw order flow data to present it to the trader in an intuitive manner. The range of functions includes very good filter options as well as flexible and dynamic setting options. The analytical tools of the platform significantly enhance the information content of the raw market data, leading to a comprehensive view of the market and, subsequently, improved trader performance.

I provide this platform with a data feed from CQG. CQG has the advantage over Rithmic of adding the volume data in a new CME data format. However, the datafeed from CQG is also significantly more expensive than Rithmic.

In the last few days I have set up and adjusted my screen settings for project number 6. In addition, I have been more intensively involved with ATAS and I still need to optimize a lot in this area to get the information I expect.

Let's take a look at the three different screens. The main screen is a combination of futures and forex data, one screen dedicated exclusively to the futures market, the other only to the forex market.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

This is my main screen for our project.

A

Here you can see a graphic resolution of a 1 tick chart from the futures market. The size and color of the bars clearly shows the lot traded in the market.

B

In the following overview you will find a footprint in the 512 tick chart. This footprint chart displays the imbalance. The stacked imbalance is the volume of bids on a price level with the volume of requests, after the one-level higher price. Unlike Standard Delta (which compares bid and ask at the same price level), bit / ask imbalance allows us to highlight the volume imbalances in each spread above the price bar. An algorithm compares the different volume / price ratios and then highlights these imbalances in color. Another algorithm shows on the chart individual large market purchases and sales, the so-called aggressive trades, which are executed on a large scale at one go. I can choose which volume is crucial, and also configure by bid and ask.

C

The two-color bars indicate the size of the bid and ask for each 512 tick bars. Below we see statistical data for each bar. In this case, the size of the Bid and Ask, as well as the Sessions Delta (volume - volume of (contracts / lots / shares) traded in this bar / candle.) On the left side is the Bid / Ask volume of the current week.

D

Here we find a 16 tick chart in the forex market with the bioniccandles. Above and below the zigzag lines, you will find the average pip size of each candle within each trend. From the Daily open there is a range up and down.

E

Here we see the order flow from the order book, but the resolution here is a bit clearer. The larger the number of the Lot, the larger the circles. Smaller Lot are shown as points only. Thus, smaller volumes are better filtered out.

F

Here again we see a tick chart with the smallest resolution of the single lot. In the time & sales list, this lot is partially summarized or added. A better overview is possible with this representation. On the right side we find the market depth.

G

Here in the forex market is the indicator in the 1 tickchart, which should represent the Times and Sales List. In the Post 982 you can download the indicator for the MT4.

Here is a short video to see how it works

Inserted Video

We see the screen is an interesting combination of futures and forex market.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Let's move on to the second screen, which contains only data from the futures market.

A

In the classic variant of the well-known tool, a dealer sees a job flow that is divided into parts (eg, a market order of 100 lots may be displayed as 100 separate prints). Such a display method makes it almost impossible to read the tape since the number and speed of the solder is very fast. There are several ways to group the incoming ticks (large numbers of separate limited prints) to fully see the market orders. There is also a volume filtration system. This allows you to see what traders are doing with different capitalization at all times.

B

In the following overview you will find two footprint charts in the 512 Tick chart and 2048 tick chart. This display also shows the imbalance and the big trades. The time units correspond approximately to the M8 and M30. On the left side is the daily volume with val1, val2 and POC.

The order book is relatively simple here on the right is the daily volume and the weekly volume. In the DOM you will find the bid on the left side and the ask on the right side.

C

A big problem is so-called spoofing. Many traders use the Oder book to determine the level of greater buying or selling interest. Larger dealers often place orders in the market and thus deceive a buying interest. Just before the limit order is picked up, it is deleted again. Here we see exactly these deleted orders and immediately learn at what level a spoofing has taken place.

D

Here are the limit orders waiting to be executed. The graphical overview is very clear and there is a graph of the first ten limit orders. It is a mistake to assume that these limit orders represent real market transparency. In addition to the factor spoofing, where orders were deleted shortly before, spoofing also works the other way. Shortly before the execution additional limit orders are given up. However, this can be seen immediately under point C. The market, however, is determined by the market orders and the triggered stops of the dealers.

E

Here we see the bid / ask volume of the current day.

F

Here we see the executed orders in Bid and ASK

G

The current price table, the coloring represents the range of the current day.

H

The total volume of the current day

I

The total volume of the current week

It is not surprising that many traders in Future Market work exclusively with this view of the DOM, because the daily and weekly volumes make it easy to follow the course of the candles.

I have created a short video here to illustrate the functionality.

Inserted Video

The market was not so volatile at this time. The Time & Sales list was relatively easy to read. It becomes problematic in very volatile phases, but the settings are still adjusted. Overall, the clarity is very accurate.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Finally, my personally created dashboard, which should primarily show the strength of the euro and dollar. There are also other important information for me. This data relates exclusively to the forex market.

A

Here the green line shows the strength of the euro and the red line shows the strength of the dollar. Now I do not want to go into detail about the indicators, as I have posted them on this blog a few times.

B

Here we find my built Time & Sales list in the 1 Tickchart again.

C

This is all about the currency strength of the euro and the dollar. Green stands for the strength of the euro red for the strength of the dollar, in all time units.

D

In the 64 Tick Chart, we see here a range indicator that distinguishes the skin movements from the pullbacks and presents them in a 100% range chart. I also posted this indicator already.

E

Here we find a daily overview in the 4096 Tick Chart (comparable to the H1). In addition, some strength indicators were added.

F/G

Here I get information about the price, spread, time, volatility, the time overview of the largest stock exchanges, as well as a calendar for the most important meetings.

With these three charts, I would like to compare the two markets over the next few weeks and optimize my personal strategy. Surely the charts will change dramatically over time as they have to be adjusted daily within the optimization.

Equilibrium, the key to success.

The market equilibrium is defined by the intersection of market demand and market supply curve. At the equilibrium price, the market is vacated, i. the quantity of goods offered corresponds to the quantity of goods demanded. At a higher price, the supply would be higher, but this quantity would find no buyers. Conversely, the demand quantity is greater than the supply quantity if the price is below the equilibrium price. In the case of an imbalance, undercutting or overcalling processes are set in motion by the providers or buyers, who still want to get a chance. In the undercutting process, those suppliers whose costs are higher than the new price are excluded from the overbidding process whose customers are willing and able to pay less than the increased price. At the same time, the suppliers are increasing their offered quantity with rising prices and the demanders are increasing their demanded quantity with decreasing prices.

A market is a trend after which equilibrium is created. After equilibrium, the trend continues or the trend direction changes. On the pullacks that form within a trend, I have now deliberately renounced. Within a trend, there are one or more strong major movements, then exhaustion and possibly absorption.

Equilibrium does not necessarily have to be created between different trend phases, in addition, the market consists largely of a sideways market. And exactly this market situation is for me a very interesting aspect, with which I will deal again in the next few weeks.

As soon as a trend has reached its exhaustion phase, an equilibrium or possibly a sideways market is usually created. A very interesting point is the absorption, which of course you can already see in the candles, but then it is often too late. Let's say, a course is going up a lot and eventually comes a period of exhaustion. The market initially moves sideways. Suddenly, strong buy orders come in, but they only change the price marginally. That could be an indication of absorption. Many big players first collect larger orders before pushing the price down in one fell swoop. As soon as they have collected their necessary folders, the course will be pushed up again to trigger the sellers' stops. As a result, the course shoots straight up. After that, the big player pushes the price down, because the fewer traders on the flight down, the better for the big player. And that is also logical, the many sellers that are already in the market, no longer help the big players to drive down the price, but they can only harm the big player. When the big player drives the price down, many small traders will exit this way to realize their profits. If many do that at the same time, that stops the course. Therefore, the big player has to push everyone out of the market before. Then the way down is a bit freer.

This absorption is to be identified in the futures market, it is not easy but it is possible. By setting a 1-tick chart, only one trade is shown to me. With that, I am able to recognize relatively quickly whether there are 10 Lot or 100 Lot in this trade. This could identify the big players. In addition, the order book and the time & sales list help me a lot. The most important point is the price change and a sense of the market. In the last week I was able to identify and take some breakouts in advance. Trading a breakout is one of the toughest and most dangerous challenges besides the pullback trade. The advantage: It is fast in and out again.

Basically, you never know how much market movement is created by ten lot, but you can determine a rough average value, which does not always help in the trade. It is crucial to identify a trend and then to recognize when this trend is exhausted. Another very interesting aspect is to put yourself in the position of a trader. Create a typical chart in the M15. There we build the most popular trader indicators. MACD, RSI, Stochastics, Moving Averages, Bollinger Bands and Fibonacci. This makes it even easier to estimate the possible stops of many traders. Or check out FF's chat, there you'll even find current stops in your currency pair. This helps in analyzing whether a big player might trigger a high number of stops.

The data from the futures market, especially processed with Atas, are already a clear advantage over the data from the forex market. But the biggest challenge is the interpretation of the recorded data. And we know, you can interpret each number differently.

If you give up a large ask order in the market, you buy the dollar and at the same time sell the euro. Maybe the course goes down. To get out now, I have to sell my dollar and buy euros at the same time. This means that the price can rise. An increasing price can therefore be triggered by two different market behaviors. A market participant who has set on a falling course wants to get off now. Another market participant who believes the price will rising, buys the euro and at the same time sells the dollar.

Of course, one could now assume that both market participants are right. The one who leaves the falling course may assume that the price can not fall further. The other market participant, which is on a rising course, expects the price to go up. For me, the distinction is already very crucial, but it is very difficult to find out the concrete.

Many market participants see this situation as a market recovery and bet on bid. The market trader who traded down and got out might have wanted to realize his profit and try to push the price down again after a pullback.

Behind a tick is always a buyer and a seller, we just have to find out who is the stronger of the two. With the data from the futures market, we already have a much deeper insight, but this is far from a guarantee to win.

In the next few weeks I will check to what extent the data from the futures market is useful for the forexmarket. I would like to emphasize once again that this is a project and not a recommendation. I'm very curious what comes out of it. Of course, I will regularly post the latest findings to you.

I wish you a great weekend.

best regards

--- 帖子 #991 ---
60% better trading in the forex market?

Hello dear subscribers,

In today's article, we want to deal with various information that we receive in the forex or futures market. This information is hugely important as we derive our trading decisions from it. So we have to be careful to get only information that is correct.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In my post 906 and 907 we have already talked in detail about the three different data available to us in the Forex market. (Time, OHLC and Volume)

Over the past few days, I have compared the price of the EURUSD Forex with the Euro FX from the futures market. We found that the price trend is almost identical. We can assume that the OHLC and time data in the forex as well as in the futures market are represented very accurately. Provided that your broker transmits this price data without manipulation. Result: In this area, the futures market does not differ from the forex market. About the volume we have already spoken in great detail. In the forex market, it is not possible to provide a specific volume throughout the day. After the day is over, the forex market subsequently provides the specific volume, but then it is often too late. The volume refers to the number of lot, that are calculated on the bid or ask. Although the volume in the Forex market is already approaching the volume of the futures market a little, in the course of the day it is an estimate. In the futures market, in addition to a precise volume, there are also the number of traded transactions. This is important for the identification of big players, although the larger trading businesses usually run on market order.

If we now compare the forex market with the futures market, we get only 2.5 correct data from four important data in the forex market, while we have all the important data in the futures market. In the forex market, we therefore achieve a data efficiency of 62.5%, while we achieve 100% data efficiency in the futures market. This is an increase of 60% over the forex market and the reason for our project number 6.

While we have three dimensions in the forex market, of which one dimension (volume) provides insufficient information, the futures market has four dimensions. Today we want to take a closer look at these four dimensions.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

As soon as I create a chart in the futures market, I have to choose a dimension. This dimension is fixed and thus the three other dimensions are variable. When I choose a standard Chart M5, I choose the dimension of time. That means each candle is rebuilt after 5 minutes, and the data OHLC, trades and volume are subordinate and variable in their values. In the forex market, I have to choose a tick chart to be closest to the volume. In the futures market, I am now spoiled for choice, which information has the highest priority for me. In the stock market I only get these four values Time, OHLC, Trades and Volume. There are also delta, reversal, range candles and much more, but these are calculated from these four values. Likewise, there are indicators that show the speed of a candle, but this calculation is also created using these four values. First let's look at these four values in the chart.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here we see a normal time chart M20 in the futures market. A footprint chart showing the imbalance in the price is shown. In the lower area you will find two indicators. The upper area shows the number of Lot (volumes) traded within 20 minutes. The bottom indicator shows how many trades were completed within 20 minutes. Time is the set value. The size of the candles (OHLC), the volume and the number of trades settle this fixed value of time. That means they have different values.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here we see a Renko chart in Euro FX. The value has been set so that the main movement of a candle is at least / at most 6 ticks until a new candle is formed. This means all candles have a major movement of six ticks. Of course, the high to low can be different in size, the decisive factor here is only the main movement. The three other dimensions, such as volume, trades, and time, reorder and achieve different values. The two lower indicators may look like they have the same values, but that's not the case.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here we see a 1024 Tick Chart in Euro FX. This means that after 1024 trades a new candle will be formed. We see, the lower indicator always has the same values, the last value could not close the 1024 trades, since Friday night closed. Again, the three other dimensions are subordinated again.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here is a 1600 volume chart in Euro FX. This means that once 1600 lot have been made, a new candle is formed. In the upper volume indicator, we can clearly see that it is always a fixed value. As always, the three other dimensions are subordinated and each receive different values.

It is not possible to define two fixed values within the four dimensions. We always have to make a decision about what is important to us. However, this is a little different in the futures market than in the forex market. For example, if we choose a time chart M20, the volume and trades indicator gives us the option of displaying the respective values. Since we have no concrete volume values in the forex market, it is much harder to get clear and clean information.

It will be interesting for the next few months to find out how to coordinate these four dimensions to obtain crucial information. The presentation of the Bioniccandle should also be an interesting aspect.

First let's look at the leverage effect in the futures and forex mart.

In the financial sector, leverage is used to increase investment through debt and minimize the use of equity. The ratio of debt to equity (leverage) is the formula for the so-called leverage effect, with the more debt being used, the greater the leverage.

If a company, an investment or a fixed asset is described as "highly leveraged", this means that more debt than equity capital is used. If the investor succeeds in using the leveraged debt in such a way that its return is higher than the interest he has to pay for the debt, he has successfully traded. However, this also carries the risk of being unable to repay the debts incurred.

The use of a lever serves the following basic purposes:

Extend the investment size of a business or private investor and generate return on venture capital. In particular, the return on equity (ROE) and earnings per share (EPS) are to be increased.

Trading with a lever allows the trader to trade high sums with a low deposit in the live account. Levered trading is also known as margin trading. As a trader you can deposit a small amount with a broker and then borrow money from the broker to open a higher position. This allows the trader to maximize his profits. Conversely, however, potential losses can be maximized.

Many traders would call the leverage" loan", the broker would grant to their clients. This is not entirely true, since the lever does not share the properties of loans. If you trade CFD with leverage, no one expects you to repay a loan. You only agree to close the open position again or to hold it until it is done automatically by a margin call. A deadline does not exist and there is no interest to pay. Instead, swaps are raised when positions are held overnight. Unlike loans, these swap payments can even be profitable for the trader.

It is not easy to set the right lever for your trading, as it always depends on the individual strategy of the trader and his overview of the markets. As a rule of thumb you can say: the longer you intend to hold your position, the lower your lever should be. Long-planned positions are usually opened when large market movements are expected. And since you do not want to be stopped out by market fluctuations, especially in such, you should not exaggerate the leverage. On the other hand, when positions are opened that are expected to last only a few minutes (or seconds), traders prefer to use large leverage to maximize profit over a very short time, even with the smallest of price fluctuations.

Let's take an example of three different market participants. First of all, we have the non-professional forex trader, who is subject to ESMA regulations in Europe. He can act with a maximum lever of 1:30, but also microlot are possible. Then we have a standard account in the futures market, which in principle every trader can conclude. Here I have a standard lever of 1: 250 in Euro FX, but the minimum bet is 1 lot. At the end we still have a professional account in the forex market. Just 4% of all traders in Europe fulfill this requirement. There is a standard lever of 1: 400, it can also Microlot be traded, and if you're very lucky, there is no additional funding. This means the account can never go to minus, due to an uncontrolled breakout.

Let's take a closer look at these three different market participants.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In the upper part, we find that when it comes to security, there are only two alternatives and these two alternatives can only be found in the forex market. Although the chances of winning are significantly lower there, with the data from the futures market we want to drastically increase the chances of profit in the future.

Now, for fun, we trade in the futures and forex market. Of course, there are different prices in both markets, but the price movements are identical, so for our example, let's just assume that we have the same prices in both markets. We are entering at a market price of 1.12525, our stop is 1.11515 and our target is 1.11575. We assume that this trade goes smoothly and we reach our goal.

The non-professional trader from the forex market has the same risk-to-reward ratio as the professional trader: 1: 3.6. Now many will think: This bill is not right. The stop was 1 pip, the profit was five pip, which is a risk-reward ratio of 1: 5. What was forgotten here is the cost of the spread. If I'm stopped, I'll have to pay the cost of the stop plus the spread. In this case, we had $ 14 risk to win $ 50. And that's a risk-reward ratio of 1: 3.6 at least that's my basis of calculation. The risk-reward ratio in the futures market is a bit smaller.

Crucial for me is another value and the ratio of profit to margin. As we all know, most traders get leverage from their broker and have to deposit a margin. This margin is a kind of risk capital. Now the question is: what is the return of my risk capital? And here there is a clear winner, the professional trader in the forex market. From 250 € risk capital, he makes 50 € profit while the future trader comes to a return of 12.5%. Since the non-professional trader has to provide a higher margin, the return here is only 1.5%.

But the calculation is not quite correct, because you are liable not only with your margin, but at least with the capital in the account and even beyond. With a leverage of 1: 250, the margin is $ 500 to trade 1 lot ($ 125,000) in the futures market. It's about the specific risk that I went in to win this $ 62.50. No matter how much money is on my futures account, I am unlimited in my private wealth. So far, there have been some major crashes within the stock markets, you always have to expect that there can be another crash. In principle, a crash would not be a problem if you were also able to manually exit at the moment, but unfortunately there are in a sharply falling market few buyers who are ready to buy your lot in the moment. From this risk perspective alone, the forex market is the only alternative to rationally protect its capital.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In the following case, we assume that four times the capital of the required margin is in the brokerage account. In the futures example, that's $ 2,000, although I've already written that making an under $ 30,000 account in the futures area makes no sense. This is just an example. We have already determined that the future market is not an alternative in terms of safety.

So let's take a look at the three examples below within the forex market.

In the first example, a trader who has $ 100,000 on his forex account trades $ 100,000 for a total of 1 lot. He does not need any money from his broker. His profit is $ 50 for which he has risked $ 100,000. Of course, the EURUSD would have to fall to $ 0.1, which seems impossible from today's point of view. However, since there are $ 100,000 in the account, the forex account is also the liability capital. As a result, you would risk $ 2000 to win a dollar. This corresponds to a return of 0.05% in relation to the risk.

The participant, who is subject to the ESMA regulations, reaches with a leverage of 1:30 after all with $ 266 risk 1 dollar profit and comes thus to a yield of 0,38%.

A professional trader in the forex market, who trades with a leverage of 1: 400, in this case with a risk capital of $ 20, a profit of $ 1. The effective return is thus 5%.

I know that's a very unusual approach, so I'd like to say a few words about it. I think that beginners in the forex market are overwhelmed with a high leverage, because many are driving inappropriately high stakes and can quickly destroy their capital. However, I am a professional trader who has been trading in the forex market for many years. For me, a high lever is a low risk because I could trade the same position even without levers. But I do not do it to minimize my risk.

Why that is so I would like to explain. Suppose I trade a lot and use $ 100,000 in equity. Now there is a big crash like in Euro Swiss Francs. 2000 pip, the price goes down until the stop is triggered. Then I make a loss of $ 20,000.

In the second case, only $ 1,000 is in my account, I'm trading again with a margin of $ 250. In the case of the Euro Swiss franc, the price is again 2000 pips against me. Then my $ 1000 is gone and that's it. That's a difference of $ 19,000.

Since I act sometimes with more than 10 Lot, everyone can quickly figure out that this approach is very interesting. Basically, I recommend only to act with a high level of leverage, if you can afford it and have enough experience. My approach should also not be a call to act at high risk.

For the broker, the lever is an interesting business. A lever of 1: 400 means a four-hundred times higher fee for the broker. No matter if we trade only with our own money or get a lever from the broker, the spread is always the same. Interestingly enough, many brokers allow trading only with margin, you do not have to say anything more.

In certain circumstances, a high level of leverage is even very safety-oriented. It is always a question of view. Of course, in the case of a loss with a lot and a high lever, the money is faster away than with a smaller lever. But if I acted without leverage, my money would be gone just as fast. And in case of an absolute fall, I would not have any security.

It does not work in the futures market, I liability with my entire fortune. Many claim that a professional trader would only trade in the futures market. Maybe you will see it now with different eyes. That's one of the reasons why I'm not afraid of trading because what can happen to me? In the worst case, there are a few $ 1000 gone, but we also have to be fair to offset the odds we have in this market. In that sense, I am very happy about the ESMA regulations, because it protects our hard-earned money in the Forex market, there can not be anything better.

And if we manage to use the data in the futures market for the forex market, we have killed 3 birds with one stone. We have improved our profit share, can make significantly more profits and have a high level of security. We will see if it works.

I wish you a successful week

best regards

--- 帖子 #992 ---
Information about currency pairs

Hello dear Subscriber,

I've come across a very interesting site over the days that looks very good at first glance. I found the presentation of how individual traders are positioned in the different currencies very interesting.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here's an example of this morning 8:00 CET. Nearly 70% of traders believe the price is up. Right next to it you can see today's price performance. On the side is also the recommendation given, since most traders are wrong in their assessment, one should assume exactly the opposite. I thought that was funny.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

These and some other indicators can be downloaded from the site and used in MT4. I tried that too, it works and the indicator runs in the background.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Interesting on this page are also the assessments of different price developments and the latest news. Take a look around yourself and form your own opinion. I've also seen that there are services that you have to pay for, so be a little cautious and take a closer look. Nevertheless, I believe that some information can be quite helpful.

Home
https://de.fxssi.com/

indicator
https://fxssi.com/tools/current-ratio

I wish you a successful week.

best regards

--- 帖子 #993 ---
hi Michael,

First of all, I will like to commend for your generosity and the mind-blowing project you a carrying out in this thread. Your work is about revolutionized the financial market. Your in-depth research and approach to supply and demand system of trading are the best I have seen. while am fascinated with your work, I have also spent countless days and hours going through your project and findings. And I believe you are that close to unearthing the holy-grail of trading.

However, if one can determine from one candle the number pips in the pullbacks-wicks/shadow alone (up/down wicks) of a candle, as well as separately determine from one candle the number pips in the body(of a candle) open/close.

By so doing one can determine the true force of a candle and clearly see the true strength in a candle as well as to knowing who is clearly in charge, whether is the bear or the bull.

Because this vital information will be very powerful and effective at equilibrium zone in combination with density histogram/Bionic power.

Many thanks,

Boby

--- 帖子 #994 ---
[quote=bobydegood;12419607]hi Michael, First of all, I will like to commend for your generosity and the mind-blowing project you a carrying out in this thread.

Hello Boby,

Welcome to our blog and I feel very honored by your compliment. This project was created as a trading diary and should reflect the different perspectives on the market. At the same time I hoped to meet like-minded people interested in and participating in such a project.

What I am very pleased about is the fact that you have dealt with it in detail, it shows your great interest in supply and demand. Whether my view of supply and demand is right, I do not know, but it works for me and maybe it helps many others.

To revolutionize the financial market will not work in the long term because our brains are not working at 100% efficiency. Elon Musk is currently researching a neurallink that is supposed to be an interface between the brain and the computer. Our cognitive thinking is superior to any computer, but with an extra AI interface, our brain would be superior to any computer. Anyone who would trade on the exchange with such an interface would have a massive advantage today. One would be able to match 1000 information within milliseconds and could control his trades only with the thoughts. But even this technique would have a half-life.

In the early days of the stock market there was only one day candle on which the speculators could orient themselves, but if one sees today the footprint charts or the equilibrium charts of the high-frequency traders this is a huge step forward. The one who uses the technique first has a small advantage, but everything that succeeds is copied. And after some time, when everyone works with this technique, the market is back in balance. And a market must always be in balance to function in the long term. To get a tick on the stock market there must always be a buyer and a seller. If all traders are just on the bid side, nothing would happen.

The problem is the erroneous information we receive. Unfortunately, the volume calculation in the forex market is insufficient.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In the upper area we see the EURUSD H4 at the bottom of the Euro FX. It is the same price. The blue arrows mark the highest volume value within the visible period. If both volume information is correct, the question arises, which information do I use to gain an advantage? About the volume we have already talked extensively in this blog.

The Holy Grail exists, it is in our heads and is a trading style that is tailored to us personally. Risk, psychology, technology, fear, greed, perseverance, loss, money management, and many other factors must be tailored to our needs. It's like a racing car that's tuned exactly to its driver and able to correct certain mistakes.

The Bioniccandle has the advantage of making only 2 movements out of 3 movements without altering or flattening the actual candle, as e.g. at Heiken Ashi. That means the information is reduced to the point. Our brain has to absorb and process 1/3 less candle movements. My principle is as simple as possible, and the stock market is anything but easy.

I am delighted if this information will help you to develop a trading style that will help you and bring you more profits than losses in the long term. I'll keep my fingers crossed and thank you for your kind contribution.

best wishes

--- 帖子 #995 ---
hello sir thanks for those good information but i have some question

1 - what we need information from footprint and forex market ?

2- i didn't find any indicator showing the number of traders ...can you show me how you got that indicator?
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #996 ---
Hello thelord14,

In the forex market it is unfortunately not possible to get the number of trades or the specific volume. This information is only available through real stock market data. The indicator you mentioned comes from the platform ATAS, which is able to process the stock market data in a special way. The platform costs 70 euros per month or once 2,500 euros. Additionally you need a datafeed from the stock exchange. A pure data feed can cost a few 100 € per month, via a broker, it is usually cheaper. With a demo account I would first check whether the stock market data brings you an added value. If this is the case, you will have to reckon with about 100 € extra effort per month. However, this is an amount that is unreasonably high for many traders.

I hope I could answer your question and wish you a successful trade week

best regards

--- 帖子 #997 ---
addendum:

Within Project No. 6 I will pass on specific recommendations for individual test runs. I would like to gain some experience first, before commenting on individual results.

best regards

--- 帖子 #998 ---
Anniversary 1,000 posts

Self-employment in the forex market

Hello dear subscribers,

In early January 2018, this blog was launched as a kind of trading diary. The goal was to explain myself my own trading style, to learn to correct mistakes and to develop myself further. That's why it's not uncommon for me to have a writing share of 66.6% on this blog. With over 300,000 words we could already fill 3 books. During this time I have posted over 90 interesting indicators, over 1000 images and 5 completed projects including the Bioniccandle. The 6th project has already started and seems to be the most important project. In 19 months, over 95 subscribers have joined this blog. Quit pro quo, is my motto, I am ready to share my knowledge, even if you are ready for it.

At this point, I would like to thank all subscribers and former subscribers who have brought this blog forward. I am very proud of the fact that more and more a group of great different people from all over the world is forming in this blog, which receives and shares information. That's exactly the goal of moving forward together. I am particularly pleased that this blog is friendly, open and fair. In the beginning, I have also been in other forums to find like-minded people for this blog, but I now think that sometimes less is more. Of course, we are happy when other subscribers share the idea of supply and demand and come up with ideas. This blog is a kind of buffet, there are many different dishes that do not suit everyone. But nobody is obliged to try everything. You get the best out and you're satisfied.

On the occasion of the 1000 contribution in this blog I would like to write today about the independence of a Traders. Maybe they are now changing from amateur to professional. The difference between the two is that the professional lives off his job, while the amateur has his cost of living regulated by other income.

Annotation:
This text was a bit more difficult for me in the translation, I ask for leniency, if it comes to misunderstandings that I like to clean up.

Why do you want to become a trader?

money

The financial industry is the industry that makes the most money. Hourly wages between $ 50 and $ 500 are not uncommon and thus guarantee an above-average quality of life, which in this form is reserved for only a few people. Many people dream of financial independence. But most people do not achieve this independence, because it does not allow the job situation in most countries. Here, the financial market offers excellent prospects, which can be achieved with an efficient way of working. However, the stock market is one of the most difficult markets in the world.

life quality

Everybody dreams of things he could not afford in the past, such as a car, home, vacation, jewelry, fancy food, beautiful clothes, expensive leisure activities. Few people get the chance to achieve this because they are hindered by social norms in their professional advancement. Then they lose the desire for a career someday. However, you also have to be prepared to work harder and more strategically.

fun

There is nothing better in life than to practice a job in which growth rates are automatically preprogrammed, where there is no unemployment and people are rewarded for what they do. This brings freedom and independence and a lot of fun.

open time-management

As a full-time trader you should complete a weekly time of about 60 hours. This means you work either 5 days á 12 hours or 4 days a'15 hours. With open time, you decide when to start working, take a break, end your day, and when to spend your weekend and vacation. 60 hours a week is only an approximation, to become successful in the long term as a trader. So it's just a matter of efficiency, because there are people who can do it in 40 hours.

high reputation

Many people dream of becoming a doctor, lawyer, stockbroker, judge, pop star or actor in order to enjoy a high reputation in public. The stock market offers in public an excellent platform for high reputation and recognition.

recognition

It has been proven that people receive too little recognition in their work and leisure activities. While the supervisor usually lies in wait and seems to be waiting for mistakes in order to blame you in front of others, you will immediately receive your confirmation or blame in the stock market.

leisure

On average, Europeans work 250 days a year, although there are small differences within each country and region. This means that you not work for 115 days to enjoy your free time and vacation. If you divide your life into work, leisure and sleep, you will find the following: for the work you have an expenditure of 8 hours which is the pure working time. There are also breaks and possibly overtime and the commute. Overall, this results in a complete time of about 11-12 hours you have to calculate for the work. Within one year, this results in approximately 2,900 hours of effort for your work, in individual cases, of course, more.

365 days by 8 hours of sleep are also about 2,900 hours. The remaining 2,900 hours remain for family, leisure, body care, food, etc. This means you spend a third of your life on work, one third with leisure and one third with sleep. Because you do not consciously experience life in your sleep, it means: Your conscious life is 50% work and 50% leisure. Depending on your life situation, you have to deduct at least 50% of this free time, which you need for private obligations. So you may only have 25% of your free time (sometimes much less) available for recreation and with the financial resources also different ways to spend your free time.

It would be nice, however, if you could turn your hobby into a job and thus pursue an activity that you do not necessarily feel as work. Now, if you're ready to do more work, believing that you'll have to sacrifice a lot of free time, that's only partially true. After all, leisure is not a question of duration but of intensity. It always depends on what time frame and what kind of leisure activities you want to pursue. How many times have you been bored in your free time, because you may have lacked the financial resources to engage as you would have liked?

Motivating workplace

When working at home, often eliminates a costly and long journey. You are flexible with the establishment of your workplace and can thus ensure a comfortable atmosphere.

independence

The word says it clearly. You decide for yourself what you think makes sense in your life. However, the word independence means having to kick your ass. This requires a personal responsibility for his job and his personal success. You decide yourself where to prioritize. You will not be patronized by an unpleasant boss who only works for his own wallet. Self-employment makes you independent and gives you the feeling of freedom. However, you must be willing to fight hard for your success.

security crisis

The financial services market is one of the most expansive markets in the world. Double-digit growth rates in the area are completely normal. They work in a non-cyclical market as the markets interact. For example, if one particular market weakens slightly, other markets will increase sales. We work in the largest market in the world, money is always exchanged.

entrepreneur

As an independent trader you are an entrepreneur. You receive significant tax benefits and are exempt from social security in certain countries. Your taxes will not be deducted from earnings as usual. Some do not have to pay the overpaid taxes in the form of a wage tax compensation, but at the end of the year pay the maximum tax due to the tax office. As an entrepreneur, you can deduct things tax that are not possible for the simple salary recipient, eg. Your office, brokerage, your computer equipment u.v.m. However, you have to generate revenue for it.

Of course, it is nice as a trader to take advantage of the pleasant pages and thereby push the unpleasant side. But to become successful and to remain so there are conditions for traders that are not to be talked away.

Prerequisite for success

No 40 hour week

If you want to be successful, you must be aware that you can not cope with this with 40 hours. Certainly it depends on the type of activities that you can do within a certain time frame. However, you will not know a tax accountant, solicitor or entrepreneur who has succeeded in spending less than 50, 60 hours of work per week.

It is a question of efficiency and the willingness to spend, if necessary, in one week the time required to achieve the goal. So it can happen that you have to work 70 hours in one week and 50 hours in the next week. The sometimes consistent renunciation of freedom and comfort ensures a lasting, advancement in the profession.

Irregular working hours

As a trader you often work at times when other people have free time. The markets are not mine, so I have to follow the markets and then work when it's worth it. After working on the stock market comes the analysis and preparation for the next week. Maybe I have to revise certain strategies or develop new strategies that only works in times when you are not in the trade. This willingness requires some flexibility on your part and, of course, on the part of your family, which will certainly be accepted if a corresponding financial compensation is created.

Permanent training

Standstill is a step backwards, as a trader you must endeavor to learn more every day. Through targeted reading of books, information from the Internet, memorizing key figures, data and facts, you will strategically advance not only in your personal development but also in your area of expertise. This will enable you to develop further. Most traders fail because of your attitude. They already believe they know everything. As an eternal student, however, you have the opportunity to become a master in many areas by continuing your education and training on a regular basis.

Absolute concentration when the markets work

As a rule, I got up at 5 o'clock in the morning, breakfast, sports, showers, then from 6:30 CET preparation for the day. From 7:00 CET it started in EURUSD until about 12:00 CET. Then 2 hours break until 14:00 CET. Full concentration from 14:00 CET to 17:00 CET, with the highest volatility in Europe and the US. From 17:00 CET 1.5 hours break and from 18:30 CET again 2 hours of trading, sometimes longer. That was 10-12 hours a day and weekend was time for strategy and evaluation. Important: If the markets are running and I have to earn my money, I have no time for phone calls, Youtube, programming or other disruptions. I have to concentrate 100% and do not let myself be distracted. If I lost 3 trades in a row, I took a short break, then it went on. In the beginning there were weeks where I worked 80 hours. The time factor was the crucial point. A successful stockbroker told me that I should watch 10,000 hours of candles, after which the breakthrough might come. I do not completely share this view, but there is some truth in every sentence. The fact is that after 10,000 hours I have more experience than after 2,000 hours, provided I focus on the right goal.

If I spend 5 hours trading daily, it takes me 8 years to complete 10,000 hours. With 10 hours of trading per day I reach the goal in 4 years. When I focus on the right things, after 4 years I have completed my education and can now work to become a professional. If I want to become as successful as a doctor, I must be prepared to take 4-8 years of training and pay for it. And such training costs a hell of a lot of money. If you spend 2 hours trading daily with your main profession, you need 20 years to get to the 10,000 hours. It is a mistaketo think,you can trade for a few hours and thus achieve long-term and sustainable profits. The profession trader is one of the most difficult professions in this world and experience is the most important trait to pass. And experience takes time. Of course, there are natural talents who have reached their destination in less time, there are also lottery millionaires who have become rich without working.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The goal of which I speak is: sustainable and long-term success in trading in order to be able to live on it. And it has nothing to do with gambling. The world champions in trading manage to achieve 300% return within 1 year, but next year they are mostly gone. On the slide you can see how often the traders became world champions in a row. From a few 1000 people there are 4 traders, within 20 years, their at least 2 times world champion, but never in a row.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here you can see 3 different people who became world champions in the forex and futures market. In the forex market, the average return was 136%. With 642% in the futures market, the yield was almost 5 times higher. This shows once again that the futures market may be easier to trade. The reason is clearly the better market information provided in the futures market.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The top 10 FX hedge funds, which manage more than $ 10 million, have generated an average return of just under 30% per annum over the last 9 years. The top 10 hedge funds that manage less than $ 10 million have achieved an average return of just under 15% per annum over the last 9 years. The average return of all participants was thus 24% per year or 2% per month. So the bigger big players seem to have a distinct advantage. These professionals manage the money of many investors and have no typical gambling mentality, as you often see in the forex market. The drawdown is relatively low and security is an essential principle.

What is the realistic return in the forex market?

There are professional traders who can achieve monthly returns of up to 100 percent with a 10,000 euro account, but these are the big exceptions. Since most forex traders do not make money in currency trading, the question arises as to what return the successful average trader can expect. A blanket statement about the realistic return can not be made. Too much depends on the trader, his money management and the chosen trading strategy. Traders with a lot of experience in the field of forex who use a good strategy can realistically achieve annual returns in the double-digit percentage range. There are many factors to consider. While one trader manages to achieve an average return of 10 percent each month, other traders generate returns in the low single-digit percentage range of between one and three percent. Those who risk around five percent of their trading capital can achieve returns of 100 percent a year. Those who risk 1 to 2 percent per trade can achieve a return of 50 percent a year. But with 5% risk, the money is gone faster than you can blink. I would set me at 1-2% risk per trade. In our # 6 project, we came to the conclusion that data from the futures market may triple the success rates in the Forex market. We will talk about that for the next few months.

Let's look at a simple example. Your account has $ 7,000. As a non-professional trader, you can trade a maximum of two lots in the case, and then your margin is $ 6666. Your stop is 7 pip of profit at 14 pip. The risk profit ratio is 1: 2.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

We look at the course at a risk of 1% to 3%. We assume that 50% of all trades go into profit, and in the worst case scenario, they first lose 15 trades in a row and then win15 trades in a row. With a 1% risk, $ 7765 would be in the account after 30 trades. With an even distribution across the 30 trades, it would already be over $ 7900.

With a 1% risk, you would have lost 17% of your capital after 15 trades. With 2% risk, you loose 32% and 3% risk lose just under half of your initial capital. If the 30 trades go as expected, you get 11% to 33% returns. The question remains whether the 14 pip can always be achieved because the courses are often in equilibrium or in a sideways market. This means that you may need to run your trades overnight to reach your winning odds. This significantly increases the risk.

In the picture, we see that the higher the risk we take, the higher the return we can get. At a risk of 1%, it is quite possible to achieve a return of over 10% after 30 trades. The question arises: In what time can we complete these 30 trades? Suppose that we are able to trade each day, then it would be possible to achieve over 50% return within one year.

In the following case, we assume that the gains and losses are more evenly distributed within their 30 trades than in the previous example. We also assume that 50% of the trades will go into profit with a starting capital of $ 7,000. The numbers serve as rough clues as there are too many different ways to list them all. To simplify the whole thing was calculated with a Pip = 10 dollars.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Point A

The risk-reward ratio (RRR) is expected to be 5 pip and 10 pip. In case of loss, 5 pip plus spread in case of profit arises 10 pip minus spread. After 30 trades a profit of approximately $ 600 is reached. The risk of the first trade (Risk 1) in relation to the initial capital is 0.8%. The value Return 30 with 8.6% is the profit after 30 trades relative to the starting capital of $ 7000. In other words, we have made a profit of ten dollars with one dollar of risk per trade after 30 trades.

This calculation is not quite correct because we have taken 30 × 0.8% risk to achieve a gain of 8.6%. Therefore, one could say: We were prepared to take a cumulative risk of 24% to accumulate 8.6% cumulatively. However, the maximum risk of a trade is 0.8%. The factor of 10.9 should only be a comparison between the individual risk and the cumulative profit. Of course, there are fluctuations within these numbers because the initial capital is constantly changing. But as already mentioned, this is a rough example. On the chart you can see: With a stop of one pip and a gain of two pip, you can lose nothing but win nothing with a win rate of 50%. With a stop of 10 pip and a gain of 20 pip, you can improve the ratio of risk and return to a factor of 12.9.

There is a relatively easy way to efficiently improve long-term returns. In our yellow highlighted example under point A the trader expects a profit of 10 pip, but he has calculated a stop of five pip. With our strategy of supply and demand, I've shown you a few times how you are able to significantly reduce your stops. With the help of our Project 6, which will provide us with information from the futures market, reducing stops will be even easier. If you calculate with 10 pip profit and at the same time reduce your stop to 1 pip, the bill would look like this. In case of loss, 1 pip plus spread in case of profit arises 10 pip minus spread. After 30 trades a profit of approximately 1200 $ is reached. The risk of the first trade (Risk 1) relative to the initial capital is 0.2%. The value Return 30 with 17.1% is the profit after 30 trades relative to the starting capital of $ 7000. In other words, with $ 1 risk per trade, we have made $ 85 profit after 30 trades.

So we reduced the risk by 75% and at the same time increased the profit by 100%. That's an overall advantage of 686%.

Of course, the likelihood is higher with a stop of 1 pip rather than stopping with a stop of 5 pip. But with a stop of 1 pip and a gain of 2 pip, you will not advance as a scalper. So you are forced to keep your stop to a minimum in order to be profitable. When I work as a scalper with a stop of 1 pip and a gain of 3 pip, I reach the same factor as someone who works with a stop of 5 pip and a profit of 10 pip. However, I would have to complete four times as many trades in the same time to achieve the same profit.

The longer a trade runs and the more pip it reaches in relation to the stop, the sooner the spread is worthwhile. So I can understand that it does not matter to a swing trader whether the cost of the EURUSD is 1 PiP or 0.5 pip. For us Scalpers the spread is a very important factor in the Moneymanagement. Another advantage is that as a scalper I am also able to take smaller courses, provided the stop is significantly reduced. In the many years of my practice, I have noticed that I am more likely to be able to rate the course better in the short-term than in a long-term area. You should think about it yourself and work out a strategy that will make it possible for you to get the best possible return with a small risk.

How can I become self-employed as a trader in the forex market?

Permanent pressure

As a trader, it is your job to make a profit and generate income from it. The most successful big players in the world generate a 30% annual return, the smaller big players a return of 15% per year. With $ 10,000 and a return of 24%, this equates to a profit of $ 2,400 a year. With $ 200 a month you can not make ends meet. If you need $ 2,000 a month you have to generate $ 3,000 before taxes. With $ 10,000 of capital in the account, that would be a return of 30% per month, or 360% a year. This is not possible in the long term. For 20 trading days you would have to win $ 150 daily. For 1 lot this is 15 pip, for 10 solder it is 1.5 pip. Everyone knows that this is a big challenge. What happens if the price with 10 lot is 5 pip against you, then more than 5% of the capital is gone. That could build up enormous pressure, which is not exactly conducive to work. More than 1-2% of the capital should not be risked per trade. At $ 10,000, that's about $ 150. Good Moneymanagement is a crucial factor.

Now you could use a simulation (Monte Carlo) to calculate a possible scenario. Unfortunately, the Monte Carlo simulation does not get you anywhere, as you would have to tailor a strategy to the respective markets in order to get an approximately good result. If I am forced to earn a certain monthly capital, the pressure is enormous. If you have little capital, there is only one way, you have to build up capital first. But that too is a risk.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Suppose your partner supports you over 3 years, he provides the income for rent, cost of living and so on. In some countries you can enter health insurance free of charge through your spouse and you do not need to register for trading. You have a starting capital of $ 10,000. With a return of 5% per month and a tax rate of 30%, you reach a capital of $ 38,201 after 3 years. That would be a monthly income of $ 1910 minus $ 573 tax = net income of $ 1,336. Maybe you could then increase the number of plumb bobs and optimize the income. But your partner has to support you for 3 years and you have to do your job well at the same time. You can download the Excel file at the end to get an idea of it yourself. But do not expect too high returns, you also have to remember that there are months where they possibly lose.

In order to get a return of 5% per month, you have to achieve at least a risk-reward ratio of 1: 3 to 1: 4 with 2 lots. That means your capital of $ 10,000 must first be built to live on. Taking a loan or a mortgage on the house is not a good idea. You should always trade only with money that you can do without in an emergency.

What risks are there? If you own $ 10,000 and work to raise that money over the next three years, the worst case scenario is that the money could be lost and you would have worked for free for three years. The question is whether the family and financial situation allows such an approach.

At best, you can achieve your goal and, after three years, be able to financially support your partner. However, before you start such a project you should have proven for more than a year that you can achieve a monthly return of at least 3%. The return on a demo account does not count, because you act differently with real money.

If you have financial obligations in the form of mortgages, financings, children or alimony payments, you should refrain from doing so. Then you only have the opportunity to build a small account on a part-time basis. If you then start your career as a full-time career, you would immediately be able to support your family.

You should always keep in mind that the majority of traders lose money in the long term, but this is mainly due to the small amount of experience a young trader brings. I realize that the benefits of being a self-employed in the stock market are remotely appealing from a distance. But without money, the reality is rather sobering.

But of course it depends on your individual situation. Maybe you do not like your daily work and dream of a trading career, but you always have to keep an eye on the good of your family. If you have financial obligations, there is only one chance: build a small account after work. Although this may not be a solution in the short term, you have the chance of a potential trader's career in the long term. Better a trader in 10 years than never.

Define goals

Only those who have defined their goals keep track of the hustle and bustle of the day, setting the right priorities even under the heaviest workload, and understand how to quickly and safely achieve what they are looking for, how to optimally use their abilities. Those who consciously set goals and pursue them also direct their unconscious powers to their actions.

Stay consistent

Techniques, methods and schedule are the easier part of successful management. The part of the attitude, the behavior and the self-discipline are the other and more difficult part. The human being is controlled less by reason and logic, but predominantly by the psyche and the subconscious. The one does not go without the other, but the feeling usually dominates over the mind. Therefore, consistency, self-discipline, postponing things or overcoming unpleasant things, despite the use of a timetable, are repeatedly stated as a major difficulty in managing time in practice. Activate your subconscious and motivate yourself positively. Stay consistent. A Persian saying goes: All things are hard before they become easy.

Questions that advance me

What was especially good?
What motivated me this month?
What blocked me this month?
Where do I need help?
What do I have to learn, train?
When:
As:
By what / who:
Have I consistently followed my priorities every day?
Did I spend my most expensive time trading?
Did I stick to my strategy? ¬
Have I trained enough?
Was my time management optimal?
Did I reach my goal a) yes b) partially c) not
Would more have gone?
How?
What do I want to change concretely?
Errors I do not want to redo:

You relieve your memory and concentrate only on the essentials. Make writing as the number 1 working principle. A written plan has the psychological effect of self-motivation to work. You can also better control your activities later.

All this is just a small excerpt of some important skills to succeed. An independent trader is his own entrepreneur. And a private entrepreneur has no boss who daily kicked his butt, or shows him what he should have done better. In such a profession it is incredibly important to have a human being at his side who will build you up, if you want to give up and slow you down if you get too cocky. By that I do not mean a coach who receives money for his advice, but a person whom you loves from the heart and to whom they are important. Of course, there are some good coaches, but I'm convinced you can save your money 90% of the time. It has been proven that every trader has to develop his own system. That a possible system of a coach fits exactly on you, is quite unlikely. In addition, most coaches for me are eunuchs who philosophize about how best to perform the sexual act.

It's clear what a trader earns his money with? By taking a risk on the stock exchange every day. How does a trader coach make his money? In which he recommends other traders take a risk on the stock exchange every day. For this he receives a handsome fee that he can keep. That he now gets a fixed salary and no longer has to risk his money on the stock market. Get out of the risk and into the safe harbor. Believe me, the fewest successful traders become coaches, because they make their money faster on the stock exchange than it would be possible with coaching. And that's why there are not many coaches worth their money.

Success in the stock market has little to do with technical but more with psychological things. You have to focus on these psychological things in the future. When you overcome the fear and the greed, you are almost at your destination.

I wish you that you believe in yourself more in the future and achieve your goals.

best regards

Attached File(s)   Traderplan.xlsx

22 KB
|
756 downloads

--- 帖子 #999 ---
already have installed ATAS Platform beta version with demo account , i have a lot of tools (footprint,volume profile, delta )
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

im looking for the volume indicator that's showing the trader as in your chart
Attached Image

--- 帖子 #1000 ---
Bionics, really love your thread, thank you very much !!!

--- 帖子 #1001 ---
A pure data feed can cost a few 100 € per month, via a broker, it is usually cheaper. With a demo account I would first check whether the stock market data brings you an added value. If this is the case, you will have to reckon with about 100 € extra effort per month. However, this is an amount that is unreasonably high for many traders. I hope I could answer your question and wish you a successful trade week best regards[/quote]

100 €  per month is not big problem i can pay it ,but that's depend how much those information it  can  improve my return in  trading , i guess a lot of pepole dont know about ordor flow and footprint ,as we're a classical trader i don't wanna say beginner trader ,seems like we gonna experiment a new tools without information and that's the difficult part

--- 帖子 #1002 ---
[quote=thelord14;12422300]A pure data feed can cost a few 100 € per month,

Hello thelord14,

The project number 6 was created to find out if the futures market offers advantages that can be used in the Forex market. When asked about the indicator, I informed you that this is the ATAS platform that we have been testing for some time. That was not an invitation from my side, that immediately everyone must work with it. That's why they feel like they're trying out a new tool without information.

By saying that the cost was € 100 per month I did not want to express that you can not afford it, but inform our subscribers to let us first test this platform. If the additional return pays, everyone can think about whether such a platform pays for him. But until then we still have a lot of time. When confronted for the first time with the futures market, it is indeed a different world, but relatively easy to handle with experience. Nevertheless, the project 6 was launched to go through a test phase and to inform our subscribers regularly. If you look at FF, you will find that almost all traders working in the futures market are dealing with footprints, volume charts and spoofing. For the Forex market, I have already introduced a Footprint Chart alternative, which I could not recommend due to the erroneous data in the Forex market. Since our project 6 will run at least this year, so there is no hurry to start even a test phase by yourself. We will inform everyone about our progress.

I would like to give you an answer to your questions.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

You can display the number of trades by calling the Volume indicator and setting the ticks under Type.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

On the side of ATAS you will find in the support under Knowledge Base complete information about all indicators and chart settings.

Personally, I think that ATAS has released a very successful tool, but it also has some bugs that I have to investigate further. Basically, I would give no recommendation, because it has not been tested in my eyes. In that sense, we still have plenty of time.

Best regards

--- 帖子 #1003 ---
Hello jusijur

First of all thank you for your kind words and your praise for our blog. I would like to welcome you at the same time and look forward to an exchange. In particular, I would be pleased if you find a lot of information on this blog that they bring in their training function on.

I wish you a lot of fun and of course a lot of success.

best regards

--- 帖子 #1004 ---
I have to say that this is one of the most original and in depth threads on FF.

The sheer amount of information available here for free is staggering.

The fact that traders are then able to pick and choose the aspects that are of use to them directly is purely a bonus!

I have no idea if you will be able to sustain this level of knowledge transfer without burning out but for now, well done and long may it last.

--- 帖子 #1005 ---
Hello lemercenaire,

Thank you for the great compliment, it is a great honor for me to receive this praise from you. I've been burning for trading since 10 years and started this blog just 19 months ago. I have to deduct 7 months, because I completed my Java course there, which cost me over 2,000 hours. This effectively leaves 12 months left in which I was actively involved. Such a blog helps me to document my own progress.It is only my personal opinion, that is not verifiable.

The decision to turn to supply and demand many years ago was the right decision, so much I know so far. In the past, I have tried in various ways to identify resistance zones based on supply and demand and equilibrium. These zones have inexplicably often worked, but I could not create a concrete derivation from them. With the advancement within this blog, through the ideas and suggestions of many subscribers, I have used my creativity to pursue ways that make others smile or think impossible.

I'm getting more and more away from the idea that there are actually resistance zones, even though they still work. The key is still the Equilibrium or a sideways market. Within these markets, certain bid or ask are absorbed by the big players and then push the market in a desired direction. The bottom line is to find out where dump money is and then act in the opposite direction.

It usually works on the same principle. A big player absorbs within an equilibrium e.g. massive buy orders. You can tell by the fact that in the upper range of an Equilibrium massive bid in the market are made, however, bring no major price changes. (This does not always have to be related to absorption). The price continues to be in this range and the big player continues to accumulate. Suddenly the price breaks up and the stops of the traders who bought the dollar are triggered. This creates a strong green candle. For many traders, this is a sign that it is now going up. Many are getting in now. And then the big player pushes the market down massively with a big market order.

The stock market data show exactly this procedure, but this is just one example of many. When you identify a big player, it is usually too late to follow it. That's why I prefer to focus on finding out the dump money, so it's clear where the big players are.

Years ago I was inspired by the great and substantial contributions of Hanover, who has a very deep and well-founded knowledge of the markets. I hope that I can fulfill your and the expectations of all subscribers for a long time, because that means that we are on the right path. I'm glad to know some successful high-frequency traders, because they are the most successful traders in the world. We do not have their technology, but we do not need it. It is enough to know where most traders are, so as not to be taken down with them. But we are only at the beginning of a long and exciting journey. I am happy if you accompany us.

Greetings and thanks for the praise.

--- 帖子 #1006 ---
How to use the stock market cycles correctly

Hello dear traders,

Two things we have discussed in detail in recent weeks, the Forex or stock market it is all about supply, demand and liquidity and we know that the Big Boys determine the markets. The Big Boys depend on liquidity to achieve their goals. I have written a few times before that it is crucial to put yourself in the position of a big player in order to be able to actually follow it. The big players do not think like a small investor. If we want to trade ten lots, we just hit the button and we're in the market. If we want to sell ten lots, we just hit the button and we're off the market. A professional trader trades not only with 10 lots but with some 1000 or in the forex market with 100,000 lots.

Please note that there are different interpretations for market motions. My perspective may differ from other perspectives.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Let's take a closer look at the order book of Euro FX. At point A we see the limit order on the bid side at point B we see the limit order on the ask side. In both cases we have about 70 lots at each price level. To change the price by ten tick (5 pip in forex), a big player would have to invest 700 lot in one fell swoop. Of course, no market orders, stops or possible spoofing are included here. We know that there is a hundred times more volume in the forex market. This means that 70,000 plumb bobs would have to be invested in the forex market to change the price by five pips. At ten pip we would already be at about 140,000 plumb bobs. Of course, the big player could now just hit the button and change the price by 10 pip. But that would be a bad business.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

On the left side we see the price and can see that in the future one tick equals $ 6.25. First, we buy one lot at a price of 1.1167 and sell again at a price of 1.1169. At point C we see the result. We bought at a contact value of 139,550 and sold at 139,612.5. This gives a difference of $ 62.5.

Point D

Here we invest one lot at a price of 1.1164 and another lot at a price of 1.1166. We also sell at a price of 1,1169. Overall, we have reached a profit of $ 90 here. This means we have acquired the two lots at an average price.

Point E

In that case, at a price of 1.1164, we buy a total of two lots and sell them at a price of 1.1169. The profit here is $ 125.

As a small trader, it is no problem to be able to buy or sell at any price level at any time. A big player who deals with 1000 lots does not have these possibilities. If he buys, only what the market offers to Ask can be executed at the respective price level. Therefore, the big player usually has to try to acquire different contact sizes at a favorable price over a certain period of time. Then he can push up the price, for example, and thus achieve lucrative profits.

So it's better to collect the solder in an equilibrium or sideways market and then push the price up. Provided that there are few followers who get off the train and stop the course. First let's look at a typical market cycle.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

We start at point A first. A falling price will be slowed down by the time the high point of the sale is reached. Now the accumulation phase arises. This accumulation phase is caused by increased institutional demand. The price moves initially in a sideways range, the price structure varies. Within this range, the big players try to buy contracts at a reasonable price. In addition, they try to deceive the smaller trader that the price may continue to go down. Within this accumulation phase, you will find that the volume is relatively low, although the authority of the bulls is paramount. Before the price goes up through the accumulation channel, there is a so-called false breakout down. This breakout below is not actually wrong, but was deliberately evoked. Within this accumulation channel, there are traders who know exactly that it is an accumulation. They are positioning themselves for a possible upward trend. With the breakout down, the big players are trying to reach the stops of these bid traders. Once the stops are triggered, the course takes another small jump down. A stop by a buyer automatically becomes a sell order. For many small traders this is now a sign that the price is going down. The big player pushes the course upwards after the stop fishing. All small traders are stopped immediately.

Now the price goes up, you can see the volume is increasing. As soon as the volume goes back a bit, the so-called sell off takes place. Some traders realize their profits. The volume is still very high, indicating that the trend could continue to go up. Then the phase of re-accumulation arises. (Point B) In this phase, a similar process occurs as in the accumulation phase. There may we see stop fishing again and you will see a resistance zone after the course has left the upper re-accumulation zone. Things get interesting at point C. Buying climax creates a so-called exhaustion phase of the uptrend. One recognizes this by the fact that within the distribution phase the volume goes down massively.

There is a very interesting comparison. Imagine interpret the volume with the accelerator pedal of a car, the price movement with the speed of the vehicle and the resistance with a mountain. If a car drives up a steep mountain, and you push the gas pedal just a little, the car would eventually stop. It is interesting, if you are full throttle, but the car does not move. That would be an indication that the mountain is so steep that there is no chance to get higher.

In the so-called exhaustion phase we see that the volume (accelerator pedal) goes down, but the course (speed) is still running upwards. This is a clear indication that it can not go up much longer. Because if you do not give gas on a mountain regularly, the car stops and even rolls back.

And already we are in the distribution phase where the big players are trying to reach the market again. At the end of this phase, when the price goes back up sharply to start stopFishing, the volume suddenly rises sharply and then goes down sharply after stop phishing. Then the lower channel of the distribution zone is broken and some time later, when the price returns, this zone is accepted as resistance. Thereafter, the price goes down sharply.

At point D, there may be a re-distribution phase where the big players are again trying to enter the market cheaply. After a possible stop fishing the course runs down again. At the level where the big accumulation phase had previously taken place to push the price higher, there might be some resistance as new buyers enter the market, pushing the price higher again. Of course, this example is a prime example, and we understand that it will never happen in reality. In addition, each course is unique and will not arise in this form a second time.

The four most important phases for me are: accumulation, re-accumulation, distribution and re-distribution phase. Not otherwise was this blog: Equilibrium, a key to success called. These four phases are for me an equilibrium, where the big players are trying to find a good entry into the market. Each of these phases is initiated when a price reaches its peak and moves sideways. Then you should pay attention to the volume, to a possible stop fishing and when breaking out on the resistance zones. From this one can already deduce in which direction the course could run in the future.

These sideways movements are also very interesting for Scalper. It is much more interesting to find out what the big players are up to within this sideways movement. And here absorption comes into play.

What is an absorption?

Absorption is a scenario in which a disproportionately high trading volume occurs near the high or low of the candle, without the price moving significantly beyond that level. An ideal variant is the appearance of a large volume pattern at the price levels of support and resistances.

A "positive" absorption occurs when the market is sold "aggressively" and "passive" limit purchases can stop and turn the downside.
A "negative" absorption occurs when the market is bought "aggressively" and "passive" limit sales can stop and turn the upside.

The role of "passive" buyers or sellers is mainly occupied by large professional traders, or institutional players, who have significant financial resources. This allows them to place large limit orders in the market at certain price levels that are of interest to them or which they intend to protect. Figuratively speaking, they "sit" at these price levels and supply themselves with absorbed "aggressive" market orders of the often less professional market participants.

Interestingly, these limit orders are thrown into the market just before execution. This can be clearly seen in the ATAS order book. These limit orders stop the price and are absorbed. Thus, the big player secures certain contacts to make money at a later date.

First let's look at how the volume in the forex market is tempting us to the wrong track.

Some mathematicians have calculated that the volume in the forex market is about 80-90% in line with the futures market. I can basically confirm this statement, but in the forex market often the crucial zones are displayed with the wrong volume. And that's exactly where it does not help me, if the accuracy is only 85%.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here we see the EURUSD forex in the M1. There was a strong downtrend, the course has recovered and has gone up again. At point A we see a strong upward candle pushing up the course. At point C, we realize that it is a very low volume. Let's think about the gas pedal and the mountain for a moment. That's exactly why many traders have assumed another downtrend at this point. They looked for a good entry and placed their stop over the point C. At point D came the confirmation, since the volume has not increased.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Let's take a look at Euro FX. At point A we can see that the volume has been much stronger in the downtrend than in the uptrend. At point B, we see that it is a very strong volume in the uptrend. These two points would have been an alarm sign for me not to bet on a possible downtrend. At point D you can see that in the futures market the volume has declined sharply.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Let's take a look at the result in the forex market. At first there was a strong breakout. The stops of the traders who wanted to go down were triggered. Thereafter the price went down but not to confirm the downtrend, but to initiate a strong uptrend.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In the overview of the futures market, we see that the volume looks similar to the volume in the forex market. It is clear that 80-90% of the volume is the same, only at the crucial points there are differences that may cost a lot of money. In the futures market, the footprint chart gives you the advantage of looking deeper into the candle. The basis for this is to form the two candles at points A and B.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

At point A, you can see a massive number of buy orders that have brought the price up. These are the stops of some traders who were triggered very quickly by the breakout.

On the left side at point B you will see the number 0 five times. The question one asks oneself, how can 0 contracts ask down such a high number of bid? This is not 0 Ask, but the price has been pushed down by the limit and market orders that the big player threw into the market. The same game we can see again at point C and D. This means that the big player has used the traders' stoppages to get into the market more favorably, and then pushed the price down sharply. It was also a kind of absorption, with most of them having no chance to take the movement with them. The information that I got before in the futures market, in any case, kept me from entering the market at this time.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

At points A and B we see a typical accumulation phase. Here you can see that strong sales orders do not lead to any significant price reduction. The assumption is obvious that these strong sales orders were absorbed. Then the course was pushed up. At point C, after the price has been pushed down, we see that even strong buy orders were no longer able to push the price up sharply. This also suggests that this is an absorption. Thereafter, the price went to point D. Again, very strong sell orders were placed, which brought no appreciable price change. Again, it is an absorption that pushed up the price. Of course you should pay attention to volume and resistance zones. This absorption can not be seen so well in a normal candle in the Forex market.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

For 10 years, I have not looking for any rumors, market assessments or news related to the EURUSD. In all currency pairs, the dollar has a revenue share of 88% and the euro a share of 38%. This means that almost any economic message could directly or indirectly affect the EURUSD. Now some will think that one should select the most important news. But that's exactly the problem, no one knows which economic news can sustainably affect a currency pair. The reason for this lies in the attitude of the individual dealers.

If a public company publishes a particularly good quarterly result, it does not necessarily mean that prices rise. If the majority of traders believe that such an outcome will not be achievable in the next quarter, the price will likely decline.

Let us imagine the following situation. A big player wants to drive up a course. First, he accumulates in the accumulation phase at a low price, a large number of contracts. As soon as he has his certain number together, he will push the course upwards. It is clear to everyone that business news plays a subordinate role. The big player will definitely try to enforce his strategy. This means the market is making the news and not the other way round. As Scalper, I do not care about news, I try to find out what's going on there in the 4 important equilibrium phases accumulation, re-accumulation, distribution and re-distribution. The faster I am able to do it, the better my entry.

It may be enough to identify one of these phases, so I have a good chance to take the subsequent strong movement with me. Which direction does not matter at all.

So it's about finding out what the big players are up to within a short period of time, even though I can see absorption right away, I'm still not able to tell when the outbreak is happening. The breakout trade is still among the most difficult trades. But in principle, it's not about the breakouts to act with. It is much more important to know which market situation I am currently in. With these findings I am able to enter interesting trades.

This could be another interesting aspect, increasing the odds in your favor while reducing the risk.

I wish you a great weekend

--- 帖子 #1007 ---
Are you human?

--- 帖子 #1008 ---
Hello rosalieone,

Thanks for the nice compliment. In fact, I am a human, in contrast to the 1000 algorithms of the big players and high frequency traders that drives us crazy every day. I stand on the side of the small traders, since I am one too. The last 10 years I have spent trying to put myself in the position of the big players, as they alone determine the market. With the normal candles that was difficult, the Bioniccandles has indeed simplified many things, but really deep you can look only in the future market in the single candle. In the last few weeks, a lot has become clear to me. While earlier I had guesses, about the next steps of the big players, I'm already closer to them today. There are a lot of big players in the market, and it seems like, if one of them is preparing his strategy, that the others are waiting something in the background until he's done his thing. Of course, this is not always the case, but it could be because the big players are reluctant to take risks with larger players because nobody knows what capital is there in the background. It is interesting, that I am able to assign big lot to individual players and can anticipate their ideas. Likewise, one can identify the dump money in the market, which in any case usually draws the short straw. My resistance zones are now getting a higher priority because I see exactly what happens when the course enters that zone. Some of my resistance zones quickly turn out to be a misinterpretation of my market assessment, but I can estimate that within a few seconds and therefore can not enter the trade. I am in trouble with the amount of information that needs to be processed within seconds in the futures market. But the order book and the time & sales list are not as confusing for me as they were at the beginning. The indicators and the information about the market go very deep, it will take a while until I know exactly what information brings me closer to the big players. It may sound very difficult, but in principle it is quite simple. If you are a motorist and for the first time sitting in a Formula 3 racing car that is also unusual at first. But when you've done a few laps, many things become clearer. Of course you will therefore not a successful Formula 3 driver, it is enough to understand the principle. In the forex market, it is enough if you are not on the side where the most will lost. I believe we have some exciting months ahead of us and of course I will publish my results regularly. I try to simplify complicated things, but this is a challenge in such a market. The fact is, with a trading system you definitely can not get on here. Decisive is the moment and you have to use it.

I wish you a nice weekend

--- 帖子 #1009 ---
Prepare for next week

Hello dear traders,

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In Post # 1008 I reported on the 4 important phases of accumulation, re-accumulation, distribution and re-distribution.

We are in an important phase again.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Over the past three weeks, the price has fallen from distribution to re-distribution to accumulation. After the accumulation phase, the price has gone up sharply and now we are in a crucial phase again. In principle there are only two possibilities, we are now in a re-accumulation phase, ie. the price will continue to rise. Or we are in a distribution phase, which means the price will fall again. If you have read the Post 1008 you know which things to look out for in detail. Look at this equilibrium once in a small time unit and pay attention to the individual points that are crucial. That could help you make the right decisions next week.

I wish you success and a great weekend

best regards
Michael

--- 帖子 #1010 ---
Example for Accumulation and Distribution

Hello dear traders,

For my crucial four important phases I would like to bring a small example of Euro FX again.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

From a distribution phase, the course went down and starts from 1 July 2019,with  an Equilibrium. At the time it was not clear if this was a redistribution phase or possibly an accumulation phase. At point 1 we can see how the price is turned up sharply. That was a crucial indication for me that it might be a stronger resistance zone. On the 5th of July the course at point 2 broke through this zone. He then returned to point 3 and then ran a total of 60 pip down. Then it came back to a Equilibrium. Of course you could have used the candles, to make a guess that you have at point 1 is a strong resistance zone, but this would have been pure speculation. Let's go deeper into the candle and take a closer look.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

On the left side you can see the volume delta, which means in principle the respective winner in the range ask or bid at the respective price level. At point 1 is the point where the price was strongly rejected upwards, this line I have indeed drawn, but had to be confirmed for me yet. A very decisive situation has taken at point A. Here, massive sell orders were settled, which meant that at point B, in the volume delta, an extremely strong negative volume was formed. I marked this zone with a yellow arrow. As there were massive sell orders in the market at point A, I assumed that the price would not move very much above this yellow arrow. At point C, although the course has gone up once (in total only 9 pip) but a very strong downward pressure has given me the information that here a big player pushes the course back down. In the further course, the price has not gone much higher than this yellow resistance zone. On the 5th of July, from the point 2 onwards, the decisive downhill slide was made. At point 2, the resistance zone of point 1 was overcome. This is where very strong sell orders came into the market, which were shown as negative volume at point G in the volume delta. This was the confirmation of my marked the line at point 1. Then the course ran in a rally up to the point 3. That was the zone where you would have gotten into the market well with a stop of one pip. After that there was an unproblematic course of 50 pip down.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here we see the same course in the forex market. As I said, one could have guessed that point 1 is a strong resistance zone. The Bioniccandle shows that it was a very strong pullback inside a downwards candle. But unfortunately you can not look so deep into the candle in the Forex market. If you have not already done so, I recommend that you re-work the Post 1008, which details my four important phases. In the Post 1011 I recommended to discuss at the weekend once with the current Equilibrium that currently prevails in the EURUSD. I would first like to go into more detail about the Equilibrium.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Let's take a closer look at the last accumulation phase in Euro FX. We recognize that our bullish volume at point A was very strong and pushed up the price. After that there was a small re-accumulation phase as you can clearly see in H4. The strong volume at point B signaled that the price will go higher. At point C, the volume has decreased significantly. Nevertheless, the course has gone even higher, please always remember my comparison of the gas pedal (Post 1008). At point D, the decisive turn came because the car driver could no longer power the vehicle could not continue up the mountain. This created another equilibrium or a sideways market. At points E, F and G, you can see that the volume has risen faster in order to drive up the course again. These are typical features of different big players doing their shopping within this market phase, in order to then push the price in their desired direction. I once filtered the volume profile and you see the strongest volume in the orange zones. Interestingly, the strongest volume occurred only in bullish candles.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

For a detailed analysis, the Footprint Chart helps. As I have already described, equilibrium is nothing but a big player shopping trip. A big player is not able to profitably move up or down fast a course. So he has to buy, bid or ask in a sideways phase In such a chart representation you can see exactly, in which price levels which number of Lot was purchased. That gives a general outline of where it could go next.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

As a very helpful tool I use here for the volume delta at point A. This volume delta filters out individual price levels and shows exactly whether the bit or ask are at an advantage. In addition, I am able to analyze individual candles or specific zones. The yellow arrow indicates exactly the candles that I analyzed in this case with the volume delta. I noticed two things.

At point C you will see a strong negative volume delta and at point B a strong positive volume delta. This results in a short-term zone, which must be observed further. The positive volume delta at point B seems to me to be the outstanding force at the moment. However, I was still too few contacts shopped to make a concrete statement.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

This slide looks at the last two days in H4. It can be seen at the points A, B, C and D that the negative volume delta is clearly in the advantage. First let's go back to the forex market.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In H1, we look at the sideways market, the zone where the big players do their shopping. The point A was a strong resistance for me, because he has turned down the course strongly. Point B is also a strong resistance as he pushed the price higher. Whether the two resistance zones are right I can not say at the moment yet concrete. However, this could result in two scenarios. These scenarios can be found at points C and D. Within this equilibrium there are other resistance zones that could be drawn. For me, the further course of the course from point E (next week) is crucial. I am now waiting for a confirmation, as I explained to you in slide 2 exactly. Crucial here is the high volume, which lies exactly on the resistance zone and this breaks through at the same time. That is not always the case.

Before a big player goes up, he has to signal to everyone that it is actually going down. Next, he has to stop the participants, who suspect that it is going up. So he pushes the course down strong and in the moment where the stops are triggered, there is an additional jump down. As soon as this jump is over, the big player pushes the course higher with a very big market order. If one identifies such a situation and does not know exactly where to get in with a limit order, a buy stop order can help in an emergency. The problem with this is that you may come into the market far too late and thus make significantly less profit. If you set the buy stop order too high, it may well happen that a strong pullback sets in at that moment, which will knock you out.

A strong red candle is not necessarily a signal that the price action is bearish in the future. Maybe only the stops of those who wanted to move up were caught. Likewise, strong green candles need not be an indication that it will go up in the future. That's why you have to look closer into the candle to find out exactly what is going on. Interestingly, you can often see exactly when the stops of individual traders are caught. In fact, each candle is unique, but there are certain structures and patterns within the footprint chart that, if properly identified, will turn the odds in your favor. However, the next few months will still be a good deal of work.

I wish you a successful trade in the next week

best regards

--- 帖子 #1011 ---
Project 6 first interim conclusion

Hello dear traders,

Over the last few months, I have been specifically addressing the similarities between the EURUSD in the forex market and the euro FX in the futures market.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

We have found that the price movements in the different markets are almost identical, whereby, of course, there are different prices due to the swaps.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

While we only get three data in the forex market, we get four different data in the futures market via the stock exchange. In addition, we have found that the volume data in the forex market is about 80% consistent with the futures data. How much trading transactions have been completed, you can get out only on the exchanges data. Thus, in the forex market, the crucial data we need to trade is only 62.5% correct.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In the past, I did not bother with the volume data in the forex market because I knew they were wrong in the crucial places. This false information inevitably leads to wrong trading decisions. In the last few months I have been receiving data on the Euro FX in addition to the Forex data. Within that short time, I was able to significantly improve my performance in the forex market. As I already wrote, the odds of winning are 1:19 in the forex market and 1: 6 in the futures market. At the same time, the profits in the Forex market are significantly higher and the risk much lower.

With the stock exchange data you get the possibility to see all buyers and sellers in the order book or in the time & sales list in real time. In addition, they can concretely deal with the topic of volume profiling, order flow trading, foot print charts and the order book.

All readers, who only now in this post, please read first the contributions from No. 967 "forex versus Future" to work through. There, all results are listed once again and the concrete differences are described.

From today's point of view, I can recommend the following recommendation to every Forex trader. Take the right stock market data. In terms of trading, Germany is a real developing country when it comes to training or future brokerage. Although England is the leader in CFDs, America has better offerings in futures brokerage. The requirements in Germany to open a futures account are often outrageous and ineffective. In addition to the Future Data Feed you also need a professional future trading platforms such as Multicharts, ATAS, Volfix, Sierra or others. These professional trading platforms translated the data feeds into a concise format that makes it easy for any trader to quickly process the information.

If you want to combine in Germany a pure data feed from Euro FX with the platform Multicharts you can pay up to $ 300 a month. One or two brokers offer professional platforms starting at 50-60 € per month, but the trader has to pay at least 5000 €. This is foremost right, because I do not personally recommend a future account under $ 30,000. However, if I only need a pure data feed, this is toexpensive. So I started researching and opted for an American broker AMP futures. In addition to very favorable conditions convinced me also a very extensive offer and the many positive reviews. In order to open an account with AMP, however, you should be able to understand the English language.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

To open an account, you must make a deposit of at least $ 500. That's very little for a futures account. If you extrapolate the $ 500 daily margin into the Euro FX contract, you will find that a leverage of 250 is offered. Micro contacts can be traded from $ 50.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

A data feed in the CME market costs a monthly fee of five dollars, and if you need multiple data feeds at the same time you pay $ 15 a month. I chose CME because I have the Euro FX since 1999 in a chart overview.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

What you are missing now is a professional trading platform that not only provides you the order book but also a footprint chart. If you open a trading account with AMP, you have the possibility to run your data feed for free via the platform Multicharts Net, MT5 or Sierra Chart. You can also switch from one platform to another for free at any time.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I recommend you to start with Multicharts Net for the beginning, the trading platform is indeed getting used to at the beginning, but you get much better information than in MT5. Multicharts Net usually costs $ 99 per month via AMP futures you get the platform for free.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

As before, the most effective platform for me is ATAS, because it has some interesting algorithms that allow us to identify spoofing, bigtrades and much more, but you pay about $ 80 a month for it. With AMP Futures and the Multicharts Net, you pay a monthly fee of five dollars and thus have a very favorable entry into the stock market world.

Believe me, the stock market data will give you much more information about the market. I am convinced that you can increase your profit rates significantly.

Before you start an account with AMP Futures, I recommend you to open a demo account to first get a feel for the stock market data. Then you can look in peace whether in the stock market data for you are crucial. On YouTube you will find many hints and information about Multicharts Net or AMP. Incidentally, I would recommend this to you in principle, always inform you in detail on the Internet before you decide for something. This will save you a lot of money in the long term.

In our project number 6 we will continue to deal in detail with the Forex and the stock market data in the coming months. The results so far have clearly exceeded my expectations and I am convinced that we are making great strides.

I wish you a successful trading week

best regards

--- 帖子 #1012 ---
hi bionics

Congratulations , your content was amazing

What is the easiest way to detect a accumulation or distribution exit?

Exit direction(Up or down) does not matter For me, the exit sign is important for me

Can you guide me how to find the exit sign?

--- 帖子 #1013 ---
Hello shahd58,

First of all thank you for your kind words and the nice praise for this blog. In my post No. 1008

https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...3#post12432243

I have already described some things how to roughly distinguish the individual phases.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

First, you have to identify the beginning of a possible accumulation or distribution phase. This can be determined by means of the volume and the price, as the price follows the volume. A big challenge is the fact that each course is unique and therefore you can not create a concrete guide that always applies. It does not always come just before the outbreak to a Stopfishing. Basically, the volume is a key factor to success, , this does not apply to  the Forex market, only in the stock market. Some traders work with flags, price patterns or pay attention to closing a candle, which is completely irrelevant in this day and age. The big players know that the small traders are getting closer to you, so you work with all the tricks, to take as few market participants as possible in a breakout.

The equilibrium or the sideways phase is the crucial point. This zone you have to analyze exactly with stock market data. Footprintchart, Volume Delta, Volume Profile, Spoofing Analysis, Bid or Ask Absorption, how many lots does a big player trade at what price level, where does the big trades in the market and a few more points go? In principle, there are no resistance zones, but only an imbalance in the market, the strength of which we must find out to determine a possible turning point. Likewise, there are no false breakouts, as this is always a strategic stopfishing before the course turns in the opposite direction. Unfortunately, the end of a stopfishing is not determinable, because you never know how many traders are being stopped out. Sometimes this is a veritable chain reaction that pushes the course further up or down than thought. Some big players have already fallen into the trap themselves. In the daily chart on EURUSD we are in an interesting sideways phase for 6 days, the range is very large this time and if yesterday's outbreak points down to a re-accumulation will show up as soon as the range is left.

In the coming months, we will deal concretely with Accumulation and Distribution and see many examples. There are some ideas on the internet, but most of them are outdated. This is due to the changed market situation, new strategies of the big players and the high proportion of high-frequency wheels, which leave a completely wrong picture of supply and demand. The big players can be supported by highly complicated algorithms that are not comparable to an unprofessionally created EA. These high-frequency traders work with equilibrium charts in milliseconds, the algorithms find the irregularities within the ticks and immediately inform the corresponding traders. There is no Fibonacci, Moving Average, RSI or MACD in this area. The guys are real world champions with a win rate of 99%, so we hardly have a chance. Therefore, you can not create a basic rule out of the 4 phases that always works, but we will deal with it and take enough time.

I hope I could help you a bit and wish you a very successful trading day

best regards

--- 帖子 #1014 ---
hello sir ...im really glad to find in your blog some information about volume and wyckoff method,
because the volume is my best honest tools for me makes me sight some part of truth what's going on in the market ....
so im gonna show some skills to detect the manipulation from the big playes

my analysis will be about EURUSD h1 between yesterday and today

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

yesterday : as in picture ,at point 1 we can see most higher up candle with 222 pips and at point 2 we can see the volume in that candle

today : it happened something noteworthy as we can see in the picture at point 4 and point 6 the volume increases but the up move at point 3 and point 5 are declined...seems like we have kind of stopping moves up in that area and we can see clearly in the point 7 and point 8 volume spike but the spread are declined that was the last chance to moves up and the price try to punching up but without any result we can see the next candle the price crash down - 350 pips

Always I was looking for that kind of level where is the decisive decision to end the manipulation and begin the real movement of the big players ...so what i discovered it's very interesting in this exmple

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

as we can see at point A, it's most higher up candle in yesterday

and the point B most higher up candle for currently day

and the point C it's the key level ...why i choise that candle as a key level ,becouse that candle are the most lower price between candle A and C

the result : the price drop down from that level of point C

There is an old saying that “The trend is your friend.” im saying the volume is my friend

--- 帖子 #1015 ---
The 500 best at Forex Factory

Hello dear traders,

The Equilibrium, Bioniccandle with Supply and Demand, Accumulation, Re-Accumulation, Distribution and Re-Distribution combined with Footprint Charts, Spoofing Check, Volume Profile, Order Flow of the Time & Sales List and the Order Book are pioneering factors in our project No. 6, to achieve success. This will occupy us for the next few months.

Today, however, I would like to highlight the people who have made Forex Factory the most successful platform in the world in recent years. FF has a traffic of more than 20 million per month and is one of the 1000 largest internet sites in the world. FF has many different trade topics. There are over 65,000 threads with 6,900,000 posts in 9 forums. Assuming that each post contains only 100 words, this results in a total of 6,900,000,000 words. To fully read through FF, you would need almost 7 years without a break. (69,000 books)

In principle, every contributing member has a share in it, but there are members who have been honored in a special way. Nearly 600,000 members are at FF of which 3,364 are high, medium and low impact members. These 3,364 members offer several thousand different systems and strategies, information and knowledge about trading. For that I would like to say thank you at this point, because I know how much work and heart and soul behind it. Of course, there are many contributions at different levels, but everyone struggles to do their best. There is so much knowledge, in all these posts and who finds nothing here has not searched thoroughly enough.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Members who regularly post and communicate with other members are Impact members. They are marked with a rhombus.

Red = High Impact Member = Top 0.11% total 672 members

Orange = Medium Impact Member = Top 0.17% total 1,010 members

Yellow = Low Impact Member = Top 0.28% Total 1,682 members

Of nearly 600,000 total members, these 3364 impact members are a very special elite of analysts, traders or programmers. These special people provide an enormous transfer of knowledge within this platform and account for just 0.5% of all members. They are committed and ready to share their knowledge.

Today, I would like to highlight the high impact members, which has a 0.11% share. On the right side, from 2004-2019, you can see the number of high impact members who came in each year. That in recent years less high impact member have come to it is completely normal, since it takes a while, until someone becomes high impact member. In addition, there are still 172 members missing from the list. In this respect, significantly more will be added in the next few years.

Overall, there are 672 high impact member, however, you will find only the 500 largest members at Forex Factory. At least 65 subscribers (without buddies) must follow a high impact member so that they appear in the ranking. This is not always fair, because even people who are not on the list, may achieve above-average performance. For example, a high impact member has 15 buddies and 52 subscribers, but does not appear in the list, because only 65 or more subscribers are counted. Since July 2011, he has written a total of nearly 1000 articles, which corresponds to ten contributions per month. He would have appeared in the ranking.

In the following lists I once made an interesting compilation, that I would like to introduce to you now.

Basically, I'd like to point out that I've used the values from Forex Factory and everyone has access to those values. The values were voluntarily provided by each member. I do not know if the values are correct on the part of Forex Factory, so I apologize from the beginning if there are any mistakes.

The rankings they see in detail do not say anything about the quality of a member or about his system with which he works successfully. The existing values that everyone can see were only filtered and edited. If someone is ranked 30th in the rankings, it may look like he's the worst, but let's not forget there are still 600,000 members behind him. So we're talking about the best 500 people, who follow just under 100,000 subscribers. That's a special achievement. When I speak of performance, I mean the willingness to share his knowledge with others. This willingness is particularly high among these high impact members. It does not matter which strategy he works with, the willingness to help others is crucial. I think that is a very special achievement deserves a high recognition.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

At point A, you will see the 30 oldest members of FF, which does not mean the age but the duration of the membership. At point B you will see a leaderboard when you add the buddies and the subscribers together. A buddie is obtained if two subscribers follow each other, in that case one would actually have to count these buddies among the subscribers. The point C shows only the number of buddies and at point D only the subscribers are displayed.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

At point A you will see a ranking with the average monthly contributions a high impact member has published. In the first place stands Newstand. Newsstand is a username managed by Fair Economy's internal news team. The team submits stories from quality news sources around the world, with a focus on breaking news, quality analysis, entertainment, and stories related to the economic calendar. I think the great information, they deserve to be released too. The overall average of all 500 members is 37 contributions per month. At point B you can see the cumulative number of posts since the start of membership. Point C shows the average number of subscribers who joined the member each month. The average of all 500 members here is 2.3 subscribers who join a high impact member per month. Under point D you can see the latest high impact member. The youngest member became a high impact member in December 2018. However still 172 members are missing in the list. From this list you can see very well that engage many people to make it easier for young traders to get started.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

First, let's look at members who have been with us for at least ten years. What I find impressive is the consistent performance that these members have achieved over the years. I am convinced that they have given many traders a good basis to be more successful. I think that deserves special thanks.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In this slide I divided the high impact members into different years. The number of subscribers, shows interest in a particular topic. The subscribers only follow you if the topic helps them. These members listed here have also helped many traders with their contributions.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here you can see the contributions the high impact members has written, divided into different years.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

We have three different values, the number of days since someone is member, the number of subscribers and buddies that follow him, and the number of posts the member has written over the years. The number of days of membership has been multiplied by a factor of three, as it has the highest priority for me. The number of subscribers was multiplied by a factor of two and the number of contributions by a factor of one. This results in a key figure marked in yellow. These are, in my opinion, the most diligent and dedicated members of Forex Factory. Out of a total of 500 seats I am on the 492 place. Diligence does not seem to be my strength. As I said, this ranking is not a statement about the quality that individual members publish, but a calculation of the quantity. No more and no less.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here we see another 80 diligent members.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The 500 High Impact members come from 48 different countries, with the US and England leading the way. That is clear, as these two countries are also leaders in the field of stock exchange. Personally, I find it impressive that so many people from different countries communicate with each other to help themselves in this toughest market.

At this point I would like to thank all impact members again, because the knowledge you find here is an incredible treasure and I am impressed by the readiness that these people pass on their knowledge. In this respect, the ranking lists should honor these people and not upset them. It's not about having the best strategy or earning the most money, but having a high willingness to share your knowledge with others. And that is far more valuable than all the money in the world. Thank you for this commitment.

best regards

--- 帖子 #1016 ---
Thanks for your honest sentences

--- 帖子 #1017 ---
looks like AAA Bionic Power x Candle 1.3 working greatful with volume ...that i can see each movement separately

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

what happened today in EURUSD H1 the same manipulation with same principle ...yesterday at point 1 up candle 211 pips if we compare that candle with candle of today we gonna find at point 3 up candle 180 pips seems we have a decline in pips but the volume more higher than the candle at point 1 ....i dont forget the key level at point B ... as we can see the same manipulation and same principle

--- 帖子 #1018 ---
[quote=thelord14;12442056]looks like AAA Bionic Power x Candle 1.3 working greatful with volume ..

Hello thelord14,

First of all very much thanks for your detailed contributions to the market situation. I am glad that the Bioniccandle and my auxiliary indicators help you. I myself have acted successfully on this principle for many years. A little tip about that.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

At point B you can see how a strong movement goes up. Every strong movement breaks through a strong resistance. This resistance I have often attached to the previous candle in the pullback. The support becomes a resistance and after the course has gone down again, we had a resistance at this level. This allows you to significantly reduce your zones.

This still works in the forex market, but I was able to improve my quotas by 35% in a few weeks due to the stock market data. And I think there is still a lot of room for improvement.

I will publish a detailed report tomorrow.

Best regards

--- 帖子 #1019 ---
Hello shahd58,

simply explaining something complicated is always a challenge. I have now found a way to represent the volume so that everybody can understand the relationships easier. This is the prerequisite to approach the Accumulation and Distribution. I will publish an interesting report tomorrow.

Have a nice evening.

best regards

--- 帖子 #1020 ---
How important is the volume?

Hello dear traders,

Before we deal specifically with the volume, we should first understand which factors are crucial for a successful trade in detail. You can choose from the fundamental analysis, the technical analysis and the chart technique.

Fundamental analysis:

We know that two key drivers are driving one currency - central banks and policymakers. With fundamentals, we determine if a currency will rise or fall in the near future.

The following questions help us to do a forex fundamental analysis:

1. What is the key interest rate level in the country of the currency concerned?

2. What is the key interest rate in relation to other G10 countries?

3. What interest rate steps will the central bank expect to make?

4. Which political issues surround the currency?

5. What about the economic strength?

If we can answer these questions for each currency, then have a rough picture of the fundamental situation. Important: The fundamental situation describes the overall, big picture of the currency. It does not mean that positive fundamentals can not lead to a multi-day crash. Nevertheless, the fundamental parameters in the short term can determine the trend of a currency.

Technical analysis:

In stock market trading and Forex & CFD trading, technical analysis is a proven tool for predicting price movements of financial assets or currencies. In Forex, all currency pairs are based on five important data values:

Opening Course (Open)

High Level (High)

Low Level (Low)

Closing price (Close)

Volume

The latter is a bit more complicated for foreign exchange trading, as it can not be measured in the same way as in stock, commodity or futures markets (as there is not one central stock exchange in the Forex market). Forex Fundamental Analysis is fundamentally statistical in nature as historical data to be evaluated can be easily quantified and visualized in charts. Traders use these charts to identify movement patterns, supports and resistances, and other laws or parameters. Course formations often follow movement patterns, be it trend patterns, reversal patterns or market formations, and are often referred to as market sentiments. For many analytical traders, the first step in a trading strategy is to recognize the current market sentiment and estimate how long it will last. Roughly speaking, technical indicators can be grouped into four groups:

Trend Indicators: Moving Average (MA), Directional Moving Average (ADX), Ichimoku Kinko Hyo, Moving Average Convergence / Divergence (MACD), Parabolic SAR

Momentum: Relative Strength Index (RSI), Stochastic Oscillator, Williams% Range (% R)

Volatility: Average True Range (ATR), Bollinger Bands (BB), Standard Deviation

Volume: Money Flow Index (MFI), Accumulation / Distribution Line, On-Balance Volume

In the stock and futures market, volume is one of the most important indicators. Although this can also be applied to Forex & CFD trading, it is simply not possible to analyze the total traded volume in the forex markets, due to the lack of a central trading venue such as a stock exchange. The international forex market is the interbank market, without a fixed stock exchange. Thus, the volume can not be counted at any central collection point. The Forex market is traded "OTC" ("over the counter"), so the total trading volume can not be calculated. As a result, all indicators can use only a sample of the volume data for their analysis. The accuracy should be around 80%, but the crucial market movements are usually displayed incorrectly.

Chart Technique:

Course histories of the past will be repeated in the future. From this, distinctive points are marked in the chart and combined into formations. An important role is played by the trend, ie the direction in which a course runs. A course maintains the direction until a distinctive movement signals a turning point. Trends can basically have three directions: up, down, and sideways. Different extreme points (ie highs and lows) are combined in the historical price trend to a trend line. An uptrend consists of a series of consecutive highs, each higher than the previous one. A downtrend corresponding to a series of lower and lower lows. A sideways trend occurs when the price has the same high price peaks and valleys over a longer period of time. The straight line is called a trend line.

When analyzing the current prices, the high and low points are usually considered a bit closer to define trend lines. The analysis should not only look at the values of a course from the last hour, but it is also important to look at the values of the past few days. Depending on the forecast period, the last period should be considered closer to use similar values as support. The specialist uses resistance as an important factor in the analysis of a chart, which can help in the analysis. For this purpose, a resistance line is drawn, which is used as an obstacle within an upward movement. In a long-term chart, a breakthrough can be well recognized. Like previous support, the uptrend line can turn into a resistance when it has broken down. Resistance and downtrend lines serve as support for the course after a breakthrough.

Focusing on one technique may not be wise, so we get the most out of each area.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Fundamental Analysis: What do I buy?

I have already answered that question for me, the EURUSD, because for me it is the safest currency pair in the world. Keeping an eye on news and key interest rates as well as all the key influencing factors is absolute nonsense in my situation. There are people who want to make you believe that you have to have all the news in mind to predict a possible course. This is absolute nonsense for me, because the market makes the news and not otherwise. In retrospect, a course is always easy to interpret with messages. A course does not crash just because Trump was elected, a price crashes because the majority of traders, the current situation is not as positive and therefore they sell. A negative message can thus also be positive in the course of the share price and a positive message can also be negative in the share price. This has nothing to do with the news, but only with the intention of the individual traders. Only a glimpse into the glass ball can know how the majority react to a message. For me, the crucial area is the currency strength of the euro and the currency strength of the dollar. I keep track of them at all times. It is the decisive factor in fundamental analysis. This is easy and effective because the currency strength quickly shows me the decisions of most traders.

Technical Analysis: When do I buy?

Those who rely on the basic indicators in the forex market have lost before they started trading. The only factors that are important to me in the technical analysis are the accumulation and distribution as well as the volume. However, only with real stock market data, since I can not rely on the Forex volume data.

Chart Technique: Where do I buy?

After developing the bioniccandle, I was able to draw resistance and support zones more easily on the chart. Although the volume data in the forex market are completely misrepresented, the price data of my broker is almost identical to the stock market data. Resistance zones I draw within a tick chart exclusively in the forex market, since I also carry out my trading there. For this I will publish in the next few days a concrete example with the associated auxiliary indicators.

Richard D. Wyckoff (1873-1934) is probably not the inventor of volume analysis, but he was the driving force behind it. He made it clear that the price behavior of a share in terms of trading volume is a key component for the further course of the share price. In his day, he was an authority in the financial markets and was the founder of the Magazine of Wall Street. However, nowadays his view of the volume in the Forex market is only partially applicable. This is due to the changed market situation, new strategies of the big players and the high proportion of high-frequency traders, which leave a completely wrong picture of supply and demand.

Since the volume is very difficult to understand, I have developed an interesting comparison that we first want to talk about in detail.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

To illustrate the volume, comparisons are made on the internet with a car, but this comparison is not quite correct. In the last few days, I came up with the idea to present you this comparison with a watercraft, I believe that one is able to relatively quickly capture the benefits and the functioning of the volume.

Water craft have very interesting features, such as a sailboat can sail faster than the wind and a raft move faster than the flowing water on which it is located. In 1837 engineers made a very interesting experiment. A raft was attached to the shore, holding a small waterwheel on a stick sideways out of the raft. Now the water wheel was driven by the flowing water and turned backwards. Now they let the raft go. The rotation of the water wheel slowed down until the wheel finally stopped moving. Boat and water were now at the same speed. But then the waterwheel began to spin forward. And that actually means that the boat was faster than the river. Responsible for this is classical physics. On a flowing body of water it goes downhill, the surface is in principle an inclined plane. This inclined plane slides down the boat and accelerates relative to the water. Because the friction in the water is very low, even the small slope is sufficient to move a heavy boat or float. Large inland vessels were thus able to be up to 15 km / h faster than the river.

Controlling a motorboat requires different skills than driving your car. The steering wheel reacts much slower than that of a car. The acceleration is slightly lower and there is no brake, but you can run the ship's propeller in the opposite direction to slow down the boat.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

There are three main factors to move a boat forward or slow it down. On the one hand there is the speed of the boat, which is measured in knots. Then there is a control lever that controls the speed and direction of the ship's propeller. (Accelerator). With a right turn propeller, the boat will move forward as you push the control lever forward. When you pull the control lever backwards, the propeller first stops and then runs in the opposite direction to the left. This slows down the ride and as soon as the boat comes to a stop, it starts to drive backwards. An additional aspect is the ocean current. If you drive against the current, you need more power than when you drive with the flow. If the flow is stronger than the power of the engine, the boat will not move forward. Of course, there are other influencing factors in the physics of a boat that are not relevant to us in this example.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Since we now have three factors, speed, throttle and flow, there are eight possibilities. Four ways to drive forward, four ways to drive backwards. The boat has a right turn propeller, which means that when the propeller turns to the right, the boat moves forward, when the propeller turns to the left the boat moves backwards.

1.

We have a negative speed, so we drive backwards. We turn the boat's propeller to the left and the flow is negative, in this case even in the direction we are moving. This situation ensures that we can reach the highest speed backwards.

2.

In this case, we have a negative speed, we still let the boat's propeller turn to the left, but now we're going against the current. This situation causes our speed to be much slower than at point 1. As long as the current does not get stronger, the boat will continue to move backwards.

3.

In this case, we have a negative speed, we pushed the throttle forward, which means the boat's propeller is running to the right and trying to accelerate the boat forward while we are still driving with the current.This situation causes our speed to be slower than at point 1 and 2. After a while, the boat will stop and then drive forward.

4.

We still have a negative speed, we pushed the throttle forward, the boat's propeller turns to the right and tries to move the boat in the other direction, at the same time we move against the current. The boat will now come to a stop relatively faster than at points 1, 2 and 3. After a while, the boat will begin to move forward.

5.

Here we have a positive speed that boat moves forward. We pushed the throttle forward and the flow is just as positive, so it moves in our direction of travel. This is the optimal starting position for the highest forward speed that we can achieve with this boat.

6.

We still have a positive speed, the throttle is pushed forward, but now the flow is moving in the opposite direction of our direction. This slows down the speed of our boat versus point 5. As long as the current does not become stronger, the boat moves forward.

7.

We still have a positive speed, the throttle now we have inserted in the opposite direction to the rear. The boat's propeller now turns to the left and brakes our boat. The positive thing is that we are still moving with the current. This situation causes us to move forward more slowly, as at points 5 and 6, and after some time the boat will stop to reverse.

8.

The speed of the boat is still forward, the throttle has been pulled back and we are moving against the current. This situation causes the boat to come to a relatively quick stop and then reverse. Then we start again at point 1.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

To make a comparison with the volume, we assume that we always go backwards when we drive backwards by boat. In reality, of course, you would turn the boat around to drive straight ahead. The speed of the boat corresponds with the course of the ticks, the higher the speed of the boat, the faster the ticks move up or down. The volume corresponds to the throttle of the boat and the flow corresponds to the absorption of bit or ask at a certain price level. As we have already noted, it is possible to works with the ticks on the forex market as the price movement closely matches the stock market movement. The volume can only be determined in the stock market, since the forex market does not provide any specific volume. Likewise, the absorption of bid or ask you can be easy identified in the stock market with the corresponding footprint charts. Let's look at an example.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

At first we are in a downtrend, at point A we can clearly see that the positive volume is already getting stronger. At first the price goes down, the bearish volume becomes much smaller starting from point B. At point C and D the bullish volume gets stronger and leads upwards for some time. At point E, the bullish volume has reached its peak, the price goes first into a pullback and then goes up again. At point F, the bullish volume increases again. The uptrend that follows now shows that the bullish volume is significantly decreasing ( point G). Thereafter, the bearish volume rises sharply, causing the price to move lower. From point I, the bearish volume decreases and the bullish volume goes up again.

We can see that the price always follows the volume. The comparison with a motorboat is good in that a boat does not react immediately to a steering or gas change. When I push it full throttle, it takes a while for the boat to reach its top speed, just as I brake.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The information about the volume can only be obtained with real stock market data. In addition, I recommend you in addition to the volume data in addition to bid and ask data to show. The reason for this is relatively simple: if it is a bullish candle, the volume is always displayed bullish. However, this is not always correct, because under certain circumstances it could happen with a bullish candle that there are more Ask than Bid in this candle. That alone is an important piece of information for the rest of the course. In addition, I recommend using an indicator to indicate the speed of a single candle. This makes the speed of candle formation easier and clearer.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The absorption is also only with stock market data and somewhat easier to identify with the footprint charts. Let's return to the comparison of our boat. The price is initially up and despite high volume, it does not go up. If you push the throttle fully forward, but the ship does not move forward, you may have encountered an obstacle. This obstacle could well be a very strong current. This flow is the absorption of a big player. What do you do as a ship's guide if the boat does not move forward? You can run the propeller in the other direction and the boat moves backwards. This is exactly what happens in the market when a big player absorbs the bid and then pushes down the price. For this reason, it is important to keep an eye on the speed or size of the candles, the volume and the absorption (flow).

And there we are already at a crucial point, the current. When you're in a boat, you can not see the current immediately. You may notice that your boat is moving more slowly. For this reason, it is important to consider all these different factors simultaneously in the chart. Perhaps with this pictorial example, you can better understand the volume in the future and make your trading decisions a little more efficient.

Basically, the volume with stock market data is a very interesting thing but requires additional information. As already described, I additionally use the currency strength and in the tickchart with the Bioniccandle my resistance zones. In combination of the technical and fundmental analysis as well as the chart technique, I am currently achieving my best results. However, I am convinced that these values can be significantly improved.

A crucial aspect is the correct identification of the volume. We will look at the 8 different possibilities of Speed, Accelerator and Current in the next few days concrete examples from the market.

I wish you a successful trading week.

best regards

--- 帖子 #1021 ---
have good time Bionics

I love Simplicity

Please continue , looking forward to your simple and useful examples

--- 帖子 #1022 ---
Hello shahed58,

Thank you for your kind words. In my last post, I've tried to explain the volume as simple as possible. Pictorial examples also help me to remember what I have learned. The problem is having the right idea, sometimes it takes time. If you take it exactly, the stock market is highly complicated. You only have one chance by simply explaining this market to yourself. I'm just about graphing the absorption of Bid and Ask for me graphically and easily, but that's still a big challenge. I will certainly come up with an solution.. I am glad that this blog helps you and I am convinced that together we will achieve a lot.

best regards

--- 帖子 #1023 ---
I thought the attached indicator might be of some help in gauging the speed and velocity. The indicator shows you one line of text for every new tick comes in (price, time and the change in pips). If you set PeriodSeconds to a value x other than 0, it will give you a new line of text every x seconds. It is as if you had an X second-period chart in MT4.

Attached File(s)   Blubbb_Ticks.mq4

3 KB
|
542 downloads

--- 帖子 #1024 ---
What indicator are you using to find out absorption bears and absorption bulls?

Also for graphing ticks bulls and bears?

--- 帖子 #1025 ---
Hello simnz,

the indicator is a great idea, first of all very much thanks for that. I think that can help the many traders. I will also try it. I would like to answer your question, how I determine the absorption.

My data for my trading decisions I get from Forex and stock market data. For me, one crucial area is the currency strength of the euro and the currency strength of the dollar. I keep track of them at all times and, for me, is the decisive factor in fundamental analysis. Resistance zones I draw with the bioniccandle within a 16-tick chart exclusively in the Forex market, since I also carry out my trading there. In addition, I have a 8196 tick chart for the long-term overview. The only factors that are important to me in the technical analysis are the accumulation and distribution as well as the volume. However, only with real stock market data, since I can not rely on the Forex volume data.

In the field of stock market data, there are currently only three ways for me to correctly capture absorption.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

At point A you can see an order flow chart, which in principle is a time and sales list, which also shows the tick changes on the chart. In the following case one sees in the time and sales list 47 lot traded. Point B, the 47 Lot are now broken down individually. In this case, it can be seen that a single trader has traded 40 lots. After that the course went down massively. At point C I have created an individual DOM. On the outside you can see the limit order in Bid and Ask, next to it the executed Oder and in the middle the order shortly before execution, added or deleted. (Spoofing). With that Iam relatively quickly able to detect whether it comes to absorption.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Another option that I find very interesting is a two tick chart. The Heiken Ashi I have only used, since he combines the incomplete candles in the two Tick Chart meaningful. The smoothing interests me less. Underneath is an indicator that lists the bid and ask from the DOM one by one. At the bottom you can see a volume chart. At first the price rises, at point A you can see that our volume is still relatively high, but the price goes first sideways and then further upwards. At point B, a strong bearish volume develops, followed immediately by a strong bullish movement. However, this bullish movement has no relevance to change the course. Likewise, there were strong bullish movements at point C and D which also did not provide for a course correction upwards. At point A and B you could already detect an absorption. This means that the limit orders in the market have simply absorbed the bid. At points C and D, there were further absorptions, which then caused a stronger downtrend.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

However, it is important to keep an the overall picture. In Footprint Chart M10, you see, at point A, the delta volume at a price level. Within this price level, which I have marked with a blue arrow, most Bearish Lot have been traded on the stock exchange during this period. At point C, there was then a strong absorption within the M10 candle. You can see this clearly in the imbalance and that the course was then strongly rejected upwards. So it was clear that you had to find a good entry for a long position below the blue line. I would find this optimal entry in the 2 Tickchart.

However, I am still trying different variants to test that will certainly take some time. Due to the erroneous volume data, it is difficult for me in the Forex market to reliably identify a specific absorption. In the past, I managed to do so, but with much higher losses than with real stock market data.

Thank you again for the great idea with the indicator, I wish you a great weekend.

best regards

--- 帖子 #1026 ---
Volume: Speed, Accelerator and Current

Hello dear traders,

As promised, today I am publishing in volume an example of speed, accelerator and current.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Basically, I get correct volume data only from the stock market, so an example from the  Euro FX. You see a normal candle chart and at point A the volume shown. The following example is an excerpt from the yellow-bordered square.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The course comes first from the top and then runs into an equilibrium. At point A we see a normal volume. This volume always assumes the color of the candle in the chart, no matter what the distribution of bid and ask looks like.

At point B I have shown the respective color of a delta volume. The size of the volume bars does not differ from the normal volume, but I reduced the bars due to the overview. If the bids are larger than the ask, the bar turns red and vice versa.

At point C you can see the different bid and ask traded within the candle. The bit and ask ad is the more reliable volume indicator for me, but at first glance, it also takes some getting used to.

At point D, you see a bearish candle that has a range of five ticks. At point E, I enlarged this candle again. On the left side you can see the number of lots that have been traded in the bid and on the right side you can see the number of lots traded in the ask. 223 lot were bid on the bid side and 168 lot on the ask side. At point F you can see the result again. In total, 391 lots were traded in the candle.

Let's take another look at point G, the Bid and Ask ad. Here you can see that on the bid side more lot was traded than on the ask side. The representation of the normal volume at point H shows only a red bar containing the 391 Lot. Here you can not see how many lots were traded on the bid side.

This brings us back to the delta volume at point I. This delta volume shows in color whether more was traded on the bid side or on the ask side. We will see a few more examples soon.

The course comes from above and goes first into a pullback. Now we are at point 1. In row A you can see that a green volume candle has been formed. The delta candle, on the other hand, is red, and in the bit and ask indicator (row C), it looks like it is an equilibrium. In fact, in the candle on the bid page 211 lot were traded and on the ask side 198 lot. With the information of the green volume candle (point A) one could assume that the price may rise again. Just the fact that in a bullish candle, more bid than Ask traded, lets me be careful at first.

Then the course continues down. At point 2, a stronger bullish candle is created. The lower volume in row A is green. However, the candle traded more bid than ask. At point 3 we see an absorption at the red arrow. 62 lots were traded on the Ask side, which were absorbed by limit orders. That pushed the course down first. But what do we notice within this candle? The red volume indicator in row A does not indicate that this candle has traded more ask than bid. After that, the course went into a sideways market. At point 4 we can see that it is a bullish candle but here again more bid have been traded as ask.

The volume is a deciding factor, but it is important to choose the right volume setting. Therefore, my basic recommendation, if you have a delta volume available, take it. As soon as the color of the candle and the color of the delta volume differ, you should be careful and look closer into the candle to see what happens. The more accurate display is however the Bid and Ask indicator, but that takes a bit of getting used to.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In this presentation, I once presented the bid / ask indicator, you see that it takes a relatively large amount of space to have a good overview.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Maybe you can still remember my volume comparison with the boat (Post 1022). If you do not know this article, I ask you to read this first.

https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...0#post12443320

There I represented the volume with a boat propeller. When the boat propeller turns to the right, the boat moves forwards, when the boat propeller turns to the left, the boat moves backwards.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

At the bid and ask screen you have to imagine a boat with two boat propellers over each other. The upper boat propeller always runs to the right and the lower boat propeller always turns left. The bit and ask display shows almost how strong the respective boat propeller turns. However, since a boat does not respond directly to the boat propeller, it sometimes takes a while for the force to be translated. That way, you might be able to understand Bid and Ask a bit easier.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

As I described in post number 1022, there are three key factors we need to keep in mind. That's the speed of the candle. It's not just about the candle moving fast or slow, but it keeps following the trend direction. Then there is the accelerator, which is the volume indicator, or the bit and ask. Finally, there is the current, which can possibly slow down a boat in his drive strong. Absorption is a factor responsible for flow. However, current can also be created by selling off the position. Here's an example. A big player buys the euro and the price goes up sharply. Now he goes out of the position to realize his profit. So he sells the euro and at the same time he buys the dollar. At that moment the price is going down again. I have now tried to put these three factors: speed, accelerator and current in an example.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

We start with the red point A. The course first goes down, it also creates a strong bearish volume. At point 1 the throttle is put on bullish, we can see that this happens already in the last red candle (point 1). Starting at point 2, the price will rise more sharply. When the yellow candle, the course has reached the highest speed, shortly thereafter, the throttle is set to bearish and the course is initially in a pullback. At point 4 comes again a strong bullish volume, which drives the price upwards. We see again a yellow candle and shortly afterwards the course runs out of air. It is initially in a sideways phase, the course tries to push up again, but is absorbed on the upper level. We see that very clearly when we look into the candle (point 7). At point 8, the accelerator is turned back to bearish, the course runs down and is intercepted by the bulls. At point 9, the bulls try to accelerate again, but they are intercepted at point 10 again. Only starting at point 11, the bears manage to push the course down a bit more.

The volume is very efficient, but also difficult to act. There are several factors that must be considered at the same time. In addition, the time unit M30 is clearly too big for me, my volume display runs in the 2 Tick Chart. It may be a bit stressful at first, but over time I got used to it. Most scalpers, however, I would recommend M1 or M5.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In an uptrend, we will often find the following default situation. At point 1 the volume is still very bearish and in the further course the bulls try to get ahead. At point 2, we see that the bulls kindle a veritable firework of bullish volume, but the price is only slowly rising. At point 3, a strong bullish volume enters the market, and shortly thereafter, the price has peaked until it then pulls into a pullback. Thereafter, the course runs to the point 4 and turns into a sideways market. In the volume chart, the bullish volume is decreasing and the bearish volume does not seem to be dangerous. At point 6, the bulls start again and the course goes up to point 7. After that comes very strong bearish volume that slows down the bullish speed. If you compare the bullish volume (point 3) with the bullish volume (point 6), you see that the bullish accelerator has been significantly reduced. As of point 7, the bearish volume also falls sharply, but at point 8 it is significantly stronger than the bullish volume. The movement upwards was gradually slowed down with this bearish volume from point 7 onwards and then went more strongly downwards from point 9 onwards.

So, if a price goes up higher and you realize that the volume is decreasing significantly within the course, then you have to be careful and expect a downtrend. If you still have the opportunity to look into the single candle with a footprint chart, you have an advantage that over 90% of traders do not have. Of course, a footprint chart is not a guarantee to do everything right, but you'll get important information about the current market situation. That's one of the reasons why people should deal with stock market data. As you know, legal regulation dictates that every broker must publish how many traders lose. For most Forex brokers that's 80 to 90%. With the Future Broker AMP, which also offers CFDs, 43% of traders lose money. Maybe it's because the stock market data provides the better information. Another point is that only experienced traders will take on the futures market. However, we do not want futures trading, we just need the stock market data to be able to trade successfully in the forex market.

The volume of data in the forex market compared to the stock market differs significantly, so I can not recommend anyone working in the forex market with the volume. Just get the right stock market data and you will significantly improve your quotas. I have already made a specific recommendation in Post 1013.

I wish you a nice weekend and a successful beginning of the week.

Best regards

--- 帖子 #1027 ---
Important information about the volume

Hello dear traders,

As we already know, there can be no concrete volume in the forex market, as it is an OTC market and not a stock market regulated market. In contrast, we have found that the price movements in the Forex market and in the future market are almost identical. This fact has brought me an interesting idea that could possibly bring our forex traders closer to the volume. Let's take another look at the difference in volume in the forex and future market. I used a H1 chart for this from the 12th of August to the 16th of August.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

On the left side we see the H1 in the forex market and on the right the H1 in the future market. Basically, we can say for the first time that the price developments are almost identical. By contrast, the volume looks completely different. While the highest volume was formed in the Forex market at the beginning of the chart, the highest volume in the future market was only formed towards the end. Let's take a closer look at this comparison.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here the full extent of the disaster becomes clear. Even when you close your eyes, you can not see a clear match. On the right side, at first glance, there seems to be a similarity that still has some flaws. This presentation alone should prevent any trader from concentrating at the volume in the forex market. At the crucial points, the volume reading in the forex market is so wrong that you may lose a lot of money.

In each aircraft there is a display "stall" indicating a flow demolitions on the wings. If such an indicator lights up you have to press the nose of the aircraft down and accelerate immediately. Many years ago, a large passenger plane crashed because the pilot thought the "stall" message was wrong. More than 250 people lost their lives. Would you fly as a pilot with a machine whose "stall" display is faulty. Probably not. If you know the volume display is incorrect, you probably will not trade with the volume. Unfortunately, volume is one of the most important indicators in trading, because we know that the price follows the volume.

My basic recommendation is that one should rely solely on stock market data for the volume, or to take complete distance from the forex volume. At first, this may be a bit frustrating, but there is a small ray of hope, as the price is correct in Forex. A trader relying on fundamental analysis might have a good chance in this market. Also in the area of technical analysis one can realize quite good profits with accumulation and distribution. In the field of chart technique, resistance and support zones can definitely be charted.

Without stock market data you have to do without many things. You get no volume, you can not look closer into the candle and is thus unable to detect concrete absorption in the market. In addition, one can not tell whether in a bullish candle more Bid than Ask were traded. And all of that is crucial to pinpoint the turnaround and get you started. Now, not every trader is likely to be able to get data on exchanges. So I've been wondering if there's a way to show the volume in the chat a little more accurately.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

At the bottom you can see the right volume in the stock market. I used the last week's period and plotted lines at each of the highs and lows. In the stock market, there are four bars that exceed my drawn lines. This is the basis for me. First let's take a look at the normal volume display in the forex market. There, the lines are broken a total of 19 times, that is 15 times more than in the stock market. I now had an idea to calculate the volume in a different way and was amazed that the lines were only 4 times, as in the stock market, broken. This has led me to pursue this idea further. If you compare the volume in the stock market with my idea you will see that there are still big differences. I am convinced that these differences can be brought even closer to the future market, but I will still need some time.

Although some tests have been made and found that the Forex volume should be about 80% correct, but I doubt this thesis strong. And even if it were true, in the crucial places, the volume is factually wrong. And that is exactly what ensures that many get a false entry into the market. I'll take a closer look at my approach over the next few days, and there may be a solution to how the volume in the forex market could be presented in more detail. I'll keep you up to date and maybe post an indicator next week.

Basically, you should know, however, that the Forex volume never comes close to the stock market volume and who wants to play it safe, must get the right stock market data in any case.

I wish you a nice rest weekend

Best regards

--- 帖子 #1028 ---
Amazing discovery in volume

Hello dear traders,

Today I want to write about an amazing discovery that I have made in the last few days with the Forex volume.

The interbank market is the market where money and credit business takes place only between banks. Banks and financial institutions trade with one another in the interbank market, lend each other money and can thus ensure that they remain liquid. Securities, money, foreign exchange, precious metals or derivatives are exchanged in the interbank market. The interbank market is assigned to the money market. The rates of currencies are not determined by a government as long as they are freely tradeable and not linked to another currency. They are based solely on supply and demand. Forex trading is usually OTC, i. E. it is not centrally organized, but takes place directly between the market participants or through a broker. This trade without a central marketplace is referred to as over-the-counter (OTC) trading.

Bank risks are to be spread across the interbank market. Through it, the banks can carry out liquidation of open positions that were previously established in the customer business. Or the banks operate proprietary trading on the interbank market. In addition, interbank trading should ensure sufficient liquidity at all times for the banks.

On the stock exchange all market participants have the same extensive information. In Forex market, most market participants have insufficient information. The forex market is for the retail trader more opaque than the exchange-regulated market.

In the forex market, we do not receive a specific volume (number of lots) or a specific number of completed trades. Therefore, there can be no Dom and no Time & Sales list. It is also impossible to display a footprint chart, a volume profile, deleted lots in the dome or an imbalance in bid and ask. For this, the largest banks would have to be willing to publish their data. And that is exactly what will never happen in the forex market.

This is dramatic as the price always follows the volume, so a forex trader misses a big opportunity. I have already written this in detail in my last posts. In addition to the price information and the time, we receive individual volume data from our broker, which our volume indicator implements on the MT4. Since our broker never maps the entire Forex market, he can only provide us with limited volume data. Thus, the volume data are only a pure estimate and have little in common with the actual market.

In recent weeks, I have found that the price movements in the forex and stock market are almost the same. I also have some examples and a video published.

https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...7#post12405527

Now, I came up with the idea, based on the pure price, with an indicator to recalculate the volume. I would like to introduce the result to you first.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

On the upper left side we see the EURUSD M5 in the forex market, on the right side the Euro FX M5 in the futures market. Just below the M5 Chart we can see the volume that we are getting in the forex market. Below that is the volume that I have generated from the price with my indicator. On the right side we see the real stock market volume in Euro FX.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here I put the three different volume calculations together. The reference value is the real volume from the futures market. One recognizes at first glance that the calculation of the price is closer to the future volume than the forex volume. Let's take a look at more examples.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here we see an M 15 chart in the forex and futures market within the same time frame. The respective volume is listed below.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here we see within a same period of time a M30 chart in the forex and in the futures market. The respective volume is listed below.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In a direct comparison, one can see that the volume calculated from the price is still approaching the real volume of the stock market. Nevertheless, there are significant deviations.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here we see a H1 chart in the forex and futures market within the same time frame. The respective volume is listed below.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here we see a H4 chart in the forex and futures market within the same time frame. The respective volume is listed below.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

We note the larger the time periods, the more accurate the volume price representation. Still, the calculation of the price compared to the Forex market has the nose ahead. I deliberately did not compare the two daily charts, as we are already trading on the Sunday evening in the forex market, which means that 6 candles per week are displayed.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Let's compare the volume in the M15 again. We must note that the real volume from the futures market is the reference value. Using this example, we can clearly see the benefits of calculating the price. This means that a calculation from the price provides more accurate volume data than the volume estimate of the market. That was very amazing for me at first, even a calculation in the tick volume did not approach the price calculation. But as nice as the whole thing looks like, you basically have to realize that the volume calculation is still not correct. It may not be quite as wrong as in the normal volume calculation, but it is still incorrect. Since the price development in the forex market is almost identical to the price development of the futures market, there has to be a possibility to build an effective indicator from the price that gets even closer to the actual volume. I could imagine, if one combines a certain proportionality of Open, High, Low and Close with the speed of the respective candle, that one can achieve a much better value from it. There are far better professionals here at FF than me, who can possibly do such a programming. The fact is that a price calculation from the price brings a significantly better result in volume than the estimate of the individual brokers. However, please note that this is just a project. I realize that the basics of volume data are the result of bid and ask. In addition, I have not had time to thoroughly test the indicator.

The indicator I like to provide you. You might try to use this indicator in a tickchart because a tick chart comes closest to the volume. I also wrote some reports for that.

https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...3#post12272183

Although the results of the volume indicator look better at first glance than the results of the normal volume indicator, please note that no volume indicator calculates the right values in the forex market. Therefore, you should not enter into trading on the basis of these values. As before, my recommendation is to get specific stock market data. Maybe a capable programmer has the time and the desire to deal with this project more closely. I am definitely convinced that with a professionally programmed indicator you can get even closer to the stock market volume.

Maybe I could prove with my presentation that the price calculation may progress further than an estimate. And that is already a big step forward.

The indicator was very easy to program and should only be considered as an example. The basis is the Bionic candle, so you are also able to deduct the pullbacks of the candles within the volume display. For this, you have to colorize the first two bars black in the color setting of the indicator.

I have the indicator running in a 2048 tickchart and the values are very impressive. In a tickchart, the size of the candles is in principle the existing volume. If you run a normal volume indicator in the tickchart, the same volume is always displayed. With the price volume display, we also have the opportunity to generate a clearer volume display within a tick chart.

I hope that this idea helps you and I look forward to your feedback.

I wish you a successful trading week.

best regards

Attached File(s)   Volume-Price Indicator.ex4

13 KB
|
1,305 downloads

--- 帖子 #1029 ---
i'm agree with you that the volume is different between the future and forex market and looks different from broker to other ....But we can find some famous members  in forexfactory they are succeeded with the volume in forex market  and they are become as reference for many traders interested in volume spread analysis so we have malcolmand ...petefaders and others stars...so if the volume is incorect in forex how is those guys are working great with it ?

--- 帖子 #1030 ---
Hello thelord14,

First of all, many thanks for working through the posts so much and dealing with them in detail. There may be some complications when translating from German to English and back into Tunisian or French. This is not uncommon on an international platform. Basically, I did not say that you can not trade with the Forex volume, I advised against doing so because the data is incomplete. Why traders with forex volume succeed, you do not have to ask me, rather the successful and well-known forex volume traders, you mentioned . A successful trading approach always relies on correct trading data in order to achieve the highest profit probability. Of course you can also achieve profits with incomplete data, it is only much harder but not impossible. There are also enough traders who are successful without volume information. I myself traded the last few years without the volume and was satisfied with that. Every trader works with the best data and strategies and that's a good thing. Also, you have the right to work with the volume data from the forex market and I heartily keep my fingers crossed that you will succeed.

My block is, as I have emphasized a few times, a buffet, everyone takes out what he considers important and the other he lets be. So I do not want to get involved in discussions about what's right and what's wrong, because there is no right or wrong in the forex market. Personally, I try to work exclusively with data that, with a high probability, optimally support my chosen strategy. No more and no less. I represent this point of view within my blog. Each trader is responsible for his own actions and everyone has of course the right to work with all available data. Basically, I'm not sad that there are traders who do not rely on stock market data, because ultimately increases the probability of profit of those who use the stock market data. And in a purely random market, it's all about probabilities. This is a curse for some, a chance for others.

I hope you can understand my point of view and accept it. Albert Einstein once remarked that the horizon of many people is a circle with zero radius - and that's what they call their point of view. "Maybe my point of view is wrong, the question is just for whom? Therefore, every trader, from the multitude of different information, must gather his own truth and put it to the test in practice. The forex market is my home,  it offers the most interesting odds while providing the highest level of security. And that's exactly why this blog was launched.

I'm convinced you see that in the right context.

best regards

--- 帖子 #1031 ---
hello sir ....i have some question about the last indicator volume price

as you can see in the picture

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

at point 1, it's your indicator

at point 2 ,it's a indicator showing the candle length as a volume

at point 3 , the volume from metatrader
so you can see clearly seem like there  a perfect match between your indicator and the candle length indicator  ...whats that mean ?

is that mean the full size candle in Forex it can be the real volume ?

--- 帖子 #1032 ---
Hello thelord14,

As I already wrote, my indicator is a normal calculation of high and low of a candle, I assume that the Candle legth uses the same calculation. In the volume price indicator can additionally subtract the last pullback of a candle, so that the calculation of Bionickerze arises. In fact, a price calculation for the volume seems to be more accurate than the volume we receive from our broker. However, the most accurate calculation is within a tick chart, there may be deviations in the normal time chart.

best regards

--- 帖子 #1033 ---
A kind of bid-ask indicator

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Hello dear subscribers,

In the last few days we have talked in great detail about the volume and I have give you in the last post a volume indicator, which is calculated from the price. The challenge with volume is that there is only one volume per candle. A distinction between bulls and bears is thus difficult. In the stock market, there is a so-called bid and ask indicator that shows the number of bid and ask traded in the market. Now I have developed a kind of bid and ask indicator, which is calculated from the price. If you are not yet working with the Bioniccandle, but with a normal candle chart, then you have relatively quickly the problem within this candle to recognize the actual strength of the bulls and bears.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

On the left side you will see a bullish candle and in the middle the price. Overall, the candle has made a bearish move of 20 points and a bullish move of 50 points. The bid and ask indicator now translates this candle into a bullish and a bearish movement. The result can be seen on the right side.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I have created a video for you, in the chart you can see the Bioniccandle underneath the already published volume price indicator and at the bottom you can see the new Bid and Ask indicator. On the right side I show for comparison the DOM with stock market data.

Inserted Video

The price is on an upward trajectory. It is very easy to see from the bid and ask indicators when the bulls and when the bears are getting stronger or weaker.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here's an example in the Euro Dollar within an Equilibrium. In the Bid and Ask indicator you first realize that the bulls are a bit stronger, but the more we go to the right, the more the bears gain strength. Then the course goes down. I believe that with this indicator, you can see the actual strength faster.

I would like to point out once again that this indicator is of course not a true bid and ask indicator, as we unfortunately do not get such data in the forex market. This indicator translates a candle in bullish and bearish movements based on the OHLC. I recommend you to use this indicator in a TickChart, as it allows you to identify trend reversals even faster. Take a closer look at this indicator, I am convinced that it will help you in many areas.

I look forward to your feedback and wish you a nice weekend

best regards

Attached File(s)   Bionic Bid-Ask-Indicator.ex4

11 KB
|
832 downloads

--- 帖子 #1034 ---
Translation from bid and ask indicator

Hello dear subscribers,

On Friday, I introduced you to the Bid & Ask indicator. This indicator measures within the candle, the bullish and bearish movements and outputs the result on two levels. But this again gives us two different pieces of information that we need to process. Now I've built an indicator out of it, which translates the two movements into an actual movement.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here you can see the Bid & Ask indicator in the M15 Chart. The blue arrows show a downward trend with five red candles. Of these five candles, however, there are three candles that already contain more bullish movements than bearish movements. It is clear in this indicator that the bullish movements are growing stronger within the downtrend. Professionals are already recognizing that by the candles, but I think such a translation indicator helps to spot the strength of the single candle more quickly.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I once constructed the Bid & Ask total indicator for two levels. Once where the bulls and bears are separated and once where bulls and bears are right next to each other. In principle, this indicator is a slightly more accurate volume indicator. Below you can see the price volume indicator, which is calculated exclusively from the high and low.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here you can see again the different indicators in use within a M15 chart. You see that the Bid & Ask Total Indicator gives much better signals. I still recommend using this indicator in the tickchart, as it is closest to the volume. This indicator makes it relatively easy to detect when more bearish movements have taken place within a bullish candle and vice versa. This could help to detect potential reversals or pullbacks more quickly.

I wish you a great weekend

best regards

--- 帖子 #1035 ---
Crazy statistics

Hello dear subscribers,

Over the last few weeks, I've come to believe that the forex market is three times harder to trade than the futures market. Although this could partly be proved by the world championship in the forex and futures market, I only wanted to go a little deeper to find out for myself personally what risks await me in the different markets.

Why do I do this?

As I have already stated, due to the high level of security, I only trade in the forex market while using data from the futures market for my trading decisions. Now I wanted to check to what extent such an approach is worthwhile. The following statistics, based in part, on a purely hypothetical assumption, since some factors are unknown about the forex and the futures market.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Last Friday there was a day candle in the Forex as well as in the Future market. When evaluating the OHLC data, 205 ticks or 102.5 pip between high and low were reached in the futures market. By contrast, the forex market came to 101.9 pip or 204 ticks. Of course there were minor differences when comparing the OHLC data. But for me, the deciding factor is the range in which the price moves. And the similarity of price movements is clearly visible. In addition I have already published a video in which the individual tick charts were compared. The similarities in the price history were the basis for me to use the futures data to take the risk of trading in the forex market.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The Forex market trades an average of $ 1.7 trillion per day. That's about 17 million lot and 11.3 million transactions. In the futures market, on the other hand, $ 18.75 billion is traded on average per day. That's an average of 150,000 lots or 100,000 trading transactions. These numbers result from different press releases. Of course I can not know if these numbers are correct, but this is just a hypothetical assumption.

The yellow marked fields are numbers used by me to create a possible calculation. Although there are only institutional traders in the futures market, I have distinguished between private traders and institutional traders. In fact, the Forex market is 90-100 times larger than the futures market.

The first question that interested me was how much money is actually exchanged within a day. Of course, we know that the forex market generates $ 1.7 trillion a day in sales. Although this money will be invested in the market, it will not be completely exchanged. If I invest one lot, that's $ 100,000 in the market as sales. Now, if I count on an average stop of five pip, the average loss on one lot can be $ 50. Of course, there are traders who use significantly larger or no stops. However, there are also a lot of Scalper who work with much lower stops. That's why I've calculated a $ 50 risk per $ 100,000.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Let's start with the Forex market. First of all, I will use my estimated numbers, where there are 1 million private traders and about 10,000 institutional traders in EURUSD within one day. The turnover of private traders is around 6% compared to institutional traders. Thus, the risk for private traders would be $ 50, as they trade average one lot, while institutional traders on average risk $ 80,000, as they trade on average 1600 lots. That brings us to a total risk of approximately $ 850 million. If we assume that 94% of all private traders lose, that would be $ 47 million. That corresponds to a risk of 1:18. Assuming that the institutional traders operate at a 1: 2 risk, it would add $ 400 million per day. Thus, I come to a sum of about $ 500 million per day, which could be exchanged in EURUSD.

In Future Market, we quickly realize that the amount exchanged per day is about 100 times smaller. That would also coincide with the sales figures. Since it is very difficult to determine the quotas of the individual institutional traders, I would like to count in the following comparison only with private traders. It is quite clear that most of the money is lost by the private traders, but there are also institutional traders who lose money.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In the following overview, I once pretended that there were no big players in the market and that only private traders would trade with each other. The forex traders would take a total risk of $ 50 million, and if 94% of these traders lose 5 pip, $ 47 million would be in the pot, which will be distributed to the remaining 6% of the winners. That would be $ 784 per winner. Again, I calculated a risk of 1:18 again.

In the futures market, the total risk of private traders would be $ 3 million. Here we already have a much better odds of 1: 6. So, if 83% of traders lose 5 pip, that would be $ 49,800. This money was split to the remaining 17%, giving each winner $ 244.

While a trader in the forex market has an average risk of $ 50 and may potentially win $ 784, a futures trader comes at a risk of $ 300 because he trades an average of six lot to potentially win $ 244. So we see that the price-performance ratio in the forex market is much better. What speaks against the forex market is the ratio of 1:18 against the futures market 1: 6. If I now work with stock market data in the Forex market, I improve my profit probability and at the same time increase my payout in case of profit.

I hope everyone understands that this example is really only hypothetical, as we are dealing in this market with professional institutional traders who usually take the money from private traders. However, if you are lucky enough to be taken away by the institutional traders within a breakout, you will get a portion of the pie. Of course there are also institutional traders who lose, but usually these will be the private traders.

For me it is clear that it makes no sense to trade in the futures market, because I can win much less than in the Forex market. And that's also logical, because a win rate in the Forex market of 1:18 means: You win the money that the other 17 lose. However, the probability here is 6%. A win rate in the futures market of 1: 6 means: You win the money that the other 5 lose. However, the probability here is already 17%.

The trick is to use the stock market data to make the right decisions in the forex market. Not only do you need a good data feed from the stock market, you also need a very professional trading software to translate the stock market data correctly. After that you have to be able to interpret this data in such a way as to gain profits in the forex market. I am aware that this is a very big challenge, but who gets this degree walk can make interesting long-term gains.

Please note that this presentation is very simple because of the clarity, the reality is much more complicated and possibly my data is completely wrong. However, I can derive an important insight for myself from this. The forex market is still the most interesting market in the world, while I can optimize my profit probability with the stock market data. Of course you can optimize your profits in the forex market even with the pure price data, but the stock market data are more accurate in the volume range. Anyone who correctly interprets the price or stock market data will be among the big winners in the long term.

Our project # 6 has started and I am in close contact with some of the friends involved in the project. We will test different scenarios and exchange ideas regularly. At the same time, we are acting with the same brokers, receiving the same stock market feed that we have linked to a professional trading platform. The challenge is to identify the right data to make the best trading decisions. There are hundreds of different settings that we will review individually. Of course we will keep you up to date regularly.

I wish you a successful trading week

best regards

--- 帖子 #1036 ---
Hi Bionics,

Mean reversion is a trading strategy based on the statistical phenomenal of regression to the mean.
How could a trader (not a mathematician) quantify mean (by using any MT4 indicator) and plot a table and histogram (again through an indicator based on tick data?

Which types of bands would you use to help identify deviation and enter the trade?

Is it possible to forecast month-wise exchange rate on what probably could be the distribution pattern? Picture attached.

Please also explain how best to use the two indicators shown on the chart?

Thank you and best regards

--- 帖子 #1037 ---
[quote=simnz;12475042]Hi Bionics, Mean reversion is a trading strategy based on the statistical phenomenal of regression

Hello simnz,

First of all, Thank you so much, that you have dealt so extensively with our blog. I would like to answer your questions in detail.

Our project number 6 deals with a possible commonality of the futures and forex market. While we get correct time and OHLC data in the forex market, in Future Mark we also get the number of trades and the volume. As we noted earlier, the volume in the forex market is not comparable to the volume in the futures market. For this reason one can rely in the Forex market only on the factor time and on the factor price. That's why in the past I have created many projects to identify possible turning points faster.

For the two indicators that you have shown in your chart, you will receive detailed information in the following blog.

Bionic Bull Bear Average Candle Indicator

https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...1#post12293331

Power x candle

https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...1#post12369371

The indicators work very fast because they are price dependent, but do not personally give me the information I need for my trading style. Regression based on the mean, I have developed an indicator that I think filters the bullish and bearish movements quite well. I would recommend this to you to try once.

Bionic percentage balance indicator 1.2

https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...6#post12305976

Moreover, the bid and ask indicator that I posted in the last post is currently a very interesting indicator for me as it indicates the specific strength of the price. It is interesting, if with a bullish candle, the upper pullback is larger than the actual candle body, then the indicator shows me a negative volume.

Her question: Is it possible to forecast month-wise exchange rate?

In my opinion, this is unfortunately not possible because the price development is purely coincidental. As we all know, the price is determined by the big players in the market  because only they can move the course. A big player will do everything to confuse and mislead the mass of traders. As I explained in my review of accumulation and distribution, these are the zones where the big players prepare their strategies. Then the strategy is executed.

How to use the stock market cycles correctly

https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...3#post12432243

So the main zones are these accumulation or distribution zones - I like to call them equilibrium zones where the big players absorb a certain amount of solder. These zones are optimal for me as a scalper, because I can act without much risk up and down. Depending on how the big players get their strategies, the price changes up or down. Of course, the big players also pay attention to market conditions and important meetings, but usually the price depends on their strategies. That's why I do not pay attention to news at all but try to focus exclusively on the big players to follow them.

Your question: Which types of bands would you use to help identify and enter the trade?

In the forex market I work exclusively with the price and with the currency strengths. Based on the price, I work out my resistance zones using my key candles. In addition, I work exclusively with the Bionic Candle in Tick Chart, because the price is displayed to me the most accurate. In addition to the, Dom, the time and sales list as well as a delta footprint chart, I receive the volume from the futures market that I can display in the form of bid and ask. As soon as the course runs into my created zone, I search in the 16 Tickchart my optimal entry zones. I usually work with a stop of 0.5 pip and am already out again after 2-5 pip. Sometimes this only takes a few seconds sometimes a few minutes. The success rate is quite high with such an approach.

As a rule, I prefer to work within the accumulation and distribution phases, firstly because they account for 70% of the overall price development and secondly because it offers great security. If the course breaks out of this zone, I'm also often there and then let the course from fun just run. Gains resulting from this are pure luck. If I am stopped out I have lost nothing at least. But most of all I like the trades, which I have estimated with a high probability, because only these trades are repeatable. IIf you just trade down today from the Daily open and let the course ran, that has little to do with strategy and will be pure coincidence. And coincidences are just not repeatable. So it is even if I lose, then I would like to know exactly why. I then search until I find out a plausible reason for me. Whether it is always right, I doubt it, but I try to learn from everything. And most of all, I've always learned from my losses.

Basically, I recommend that you do not make any predictions about the course of the price, but to follow the price as best as possible. For this you have to identify the big players in the market. This is usually a very difficult task, but there is a simple solution. You have to find out where the mass is. And unfortunately that is only possible with real volumes and the footprint chart in the stock market. Since you act with Future, this should not be a big problem for you. Decisive, however, is a professional trading platform that optimally translates the stock market data.

I hope I could answer your questions to your satisfaction and wish you a great weekend

Best regards

--- 帖子 #1038 ---
Thank you for your detailed response.

Today I have come across a video which is quite close to what you have been writing about. The speaker puts forth the views on market operation with a rare clarity.  I hope you develop or use existing indicators to identify the three phases of the Market :contraction, expansion and profit taking.

Thank you.
Inserted Video

--- 帖子 #1039 ---
Who is faster the euro or the dollar?

Hello Subsciber,

As we have already stated, the price movements in the forex market are due to pure coincidence. Markets are rarely determined by news, but usually by the strategies of big players. No one is able to predict the course of the price and to determine exactly. In a randomly generated market, you have a realistic chance of making the odds in your favor. But that's exactly what you need the right information for.

Why stock market prices are rising more slowly than falling

It seems like bewitched Stock prices seem to be rising in slow motion over a longer period of time sometimes and suddenly there is a very rapid and strong downward movement. This movement seems to be stronger and more intense than the previous price increase. Within a much shorter time, a spread is sold off, which previously took a much longer time to rise. To get up in the stock market everybody have to take the stairs and after go down with a fast lift. This behavior is not untypical in the stock market and there are good reasons why these patterns occur again and again.

Most investors going Long in equity markets and expect rising prices. These positions are hedged with stops. If these stops are at obvious technical course levels and a short-term downtrend reaches this stop, it may trigger another downswing.

It is no longer a secret that bad news spreads faster than good news. There is a risk that bad news will be priced in faster than good news.

With rising prices in the stock market, more and more money is needed to actually acquire the position, because the share is always more expensive. The application of these funds often requires a certain time. Selling is relatively easy, because no money is needed, but the money is posted back to the safe deposit.

Confidence always arises very slowly, but disappears very quickly. To invest money requires a share to trust. Investors who have put their money into funds, usually withdraw it only in the loss phase, since they no longer trust the fund. This forces fund managers to sell positions at unfavorable times to pay off investors. As a result, there may be further selling pressure in the market, driving prices further down.

This behavior is typical for the stock markets and occurs again and again in certain market situations. Now I have asked myself the question, how this is in the forex currency market. When I buy the euro in the foreign exchange market, I sell the dollar at the same time, and when I buy the dollar, I also sell the euro. So, when I buy the euro, I expect prices to rise, and when I buy the dollar, I expect falling prices. I now wanted to find out whether there is a similar pattern of behavior in the EURUSD in order to gain insights.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In order to be able to make a representative statement, I have examined a monthly chart of the EURUSD since 1971. A zigzag indicator with the setting 8/4/2 are used here. The numbers you see above or below the peaks indicate the average pipettes of a candle within each time period. In the last 558 months, there have been 17 uptrend and 17 downtrend. Let's take a closer look at these trends.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Under point A you can see the 17 different uptrends, under point B the 17 different downtrends within the last 558 months. The first uptrend in 1971 went over seven months and the candles had an average size of 3520 pipettes or 352 pip. Since the indicator represents the average number of pipettes I would like to use this in the following examples. Within 558 months, there were 329 months of average upward trends with a total of 510,869 pips. The downtrend was over 229 months with a total of 457,158 pips. The difference of more than 50,000 pips corresponds to the difference between the currently current price and the starting price from 1971. Already here we can already guess that the downward movements took place much faster than the upward movements.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

On average, an upward candle had 2077 pip for 19 months, while a down candle had an average size of 2879 pip for 13 months. This gives a result of 39%. This means that the bearish candle has gone down 39% faster on average than a bullish candle has gone up.

The uptrend lasted an average of 19 months while the downtrend lasted 13 months on average. Normally, within this equation, one would have to look at what the bearish candle would have achieved within 19 months in order to derive a concrete derivation, but I have renounced that for reasons of efficiency.

Under point B, I divided the total number of pips by the number of months. In the bullish movements we come to an average of 1550 pip and in the bearish movements we come to 2000 PiP, which on average has reached the respective candle. This is a result of 29% in favor of the bearish candle.

Conclusion:

Personally, with this comparison I can see that the downward movements are between 30 and 40% faster than the upward movements. This is an important insight because I believe that the longer you are with your position in the market, the greater the risk of being stopped out by an unexpected strong move.

If I put in this case only a downtrend within the EURUSD, I could reduce my time in the market by 30-40%. Provided that the price movement would continue to behave in the same way in the future.

Surely everyone can still remember the Franken Schock in 2015, where the price went down in seconds by 22,000 pipettes. For those of the traders who only bet on a downtrend, this breakdown would not have been a problem. The curious thing is that there has never been such an upward movement.

Inserted Video

For me personally, this question of security does not arise, since even as a professional forex trader, I can never lose more than my deposit within my brokerage account. But as a scalper, I have to ask myself which strategy I can best manage, within the shortest possible time, to negotiate my lowest risk trading. And the likelihood of reaching my goal faster is 40% higher in a downtrend than in an uptrend. Of course, this is not a reason for me to focus solely on downtrends, but it is an important insight, which advances me in my money management

Next week, I will put together the odds and assumptions, to make an interesting strategy to increase the overall probability of winning. This enables each of you to optimize your individual likelihood.

I wish you a nice weekend and a successful trading week

best regards

--- 帖子 #1040 ---
Increase our hourly wage?

Hello dear subscribers,

Because the price movements in the forex market are purely coincidental, we can only increase our odds on the basis of probabilities. However, before we put together the different probabilities and assumptions about an interesting strategy, we still have to deal with a probability. This is about our hourly pay, or how much pip we can achieve in the different time units within a certain time. As always, the calculations made here are purely hypothetical and may differ significantly from reality.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

It will be clear to each one of you that there are different trends within an upward or downward trend. This can be seen at the latest when you install a zigzag indicator with the setting 4/2/1 and 8/4/2 in a chart. Today, we want to take a closer look at these different trends. Ten different trends in different time units should be compared. In addition to the seven known time units from D1 to M1, I added three more time units in the tickchart. T32 is approximately the 30 second chart, T16 is approximately the 15 second chart, and T08 is roughly the 8 second chart. A tickchart has the habit of forming significantly more candles in the event of high volatility and forming significantly fewer candles with low volatility. Thus, no unnecessary space is wasted in the chart at lower volatility.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The example given here uses an average ATR of the last 10,000 candles. The average ATR in D1 was 82 pip in the last 10,000 days and 4 pip in M5. This means that 0.06 Pip per minute in D1 was achieved  and 0.81 Pip per minute in the M5. The resulting pip size was 82 Pip in the D1 and 1166 Pip in the M5. The T08 shows here with 5774 Pip the largest fluctuation range. It is quite clear that the number of this Pip within a day can never be reached in the trade.

The following calculations are purely averages and of course change daily. With a zigzag indicator with the setting 8/4/2 there are 25 trend lines in the M5 on average per day. On average, 12 candles and per trend line average 12 pip. Which does not mean that each candle reaches an average of one pip, as there are both bullish and bearish candles. If you were to trade these 25 trend lines per day correctly, you could achieve 300 pip. On average, a trend line runs just under 1 hour, and 0.2 pip are reached per minute. These 0.2 pip are an average for the whole day. From 09: 00-11: 00CET and 15: 00-17: 00 CET there is the biggest volatility within EURUSD. In the morning, Frankfurt and London are in the market, in the afternoon New York, Frankfurt and London. Within these 4 hours you can more than double the pip size per minute. So we come to a value of 0.5 Pip per minute in the M5. Since we want to compare different trading transactions, today we will only refer to one scalper. Only five time units are possible: M5 to T08.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In the first case it is about 2 minutes to act in all five time units. We enter into ten trades, seven of which trade profits and three trades lose. The ATR is supposed to be the size of the stop and the spread is 0.5 Pip. The risk results from the stop plus the spread. We calculate with the average Pip per minute, which are achieved in the respective time unit. Of course, the trades are not all started at the same time, we wait for a new trendline to emerge. Within 2 minutes, different sizes of pips are created, resulting in a different risk-to-profit ratio.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The result, in a calculation of 1 lot we can now see in the graph. Interestingly, it can be seen that the range goes from $ -115 to $ 200. However, one should also note here that the greater the risk profit ratio is the less likely it is to actually achieve that goal.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In the following case we want to trade the respective trend lines within the highest volatility. We know that in the M5, a trendline lasts about 60 minutes. Within four hours, four trendlines are eligible, of which we choose and trade half of each trendline. 50% of the trades go into profit and 50% are lost. We take the average pip that is reached within the trend line and the ATR is the size of our stop. The odds ratio is 1: 4, except in the M5 there is 1: 2.7. So we have almost similar starting conditions.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

As a result, we will see that in the five different time units with about 120 minutes the same time was traded. The number of trades is different, only two deals have been completed in the M5 and 24 trades in the T08 . The profits are between $ 70 and $ 300. It becomes interesting, if one from that calculated an hourly wage. The hourly wages vary between 35 and 148 $. In my penultimate post, I showed that the downtrend is 30-40% faster than the uptrend. If you bet on pure downtrends, you could raise the hourly wage to just under $ 200.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Since I prefer the T08 to trade I would like to make a comparison with the M5. Compared to the M5, I get 87 times more candles, so I can learn faster, if my created resistance zones are correct. With 282 different trends per day, I have 11 times more chances for a new trend. For every trend line I get up to 8 times more candles. Although I get three times less pip, I can get the same result in 15 minutes instead of 1 hour. In the T08 I can reach almost 4 times as much as in the M5. Within a day I get 12 times more trend sequences and have to wait an average of 5 minutes until a new trend arises. In the highest volatile time, I can earn 4 times more. Instead of $ 0.58, I can earn $ 2.46 per minute.

Of course, this approach is only one side of the coin, many things are crucial in order to be successful in the long term in this market. This representation does not mean that one succeeds. I just wanted to show once that you have to deal with many things in a market that arises by accident.

After this probability calculation, this week I will deal with all the points that may be responsible for optimizing your personal profit probability.

I wish you a successful trading week

best regards

--- 帖子 #1041 ---
The world of scammers in the stock market

Hello dear subscribers,

There are approximately 5 million private traders worldwide who dream of becoming a successful trader. Unfortunately, according to statistics, only 2% (100,000 traders) will manage to live long term trading. 3% (150,000 traders) may earn a small additional income, but can not give up their job. And what are the other 4.75 million traders who have tried their luck on the stock market or in the forex market and possibly lost many $ 1,000? Well, most people will admit that they are simply not fit for it and will look for another job. Across Europe, the fraud rate is 1.15%, and if we set that rate around the world, just under 55,000 unsuccessful traders will consider how they can make a lot of money in the stock market environment without trades.

What is fraud?

1. Deception about facts

Objectively, there must first be a deception about facts. Basically, one can not be fooled about future circumstances, as far as the future circumstances do not already contain a probability statement.

2. The error in fraud

For a mistake it is necessary that the "deceived" has made a concrete idea. This misconception must be based on the deception act.

3. The Property in the case of fraud

Without this requirement being reflected in the law, it is recognized that in case of fraud, the deceived must make a disposition over their own or another's property. An injunction is any action that directly affects the assets.

4. The damage in the case of fraud

Due to the property order a damage must have originated. For the calculation of a loss, the value of the assets before and after the erroneous property decision has to be compared. If this comparison results in a negative balance, there is damage.

A fraud can be imprisoned for up to five years or fined. Unfortunately, this does not prevent many scammers from harming other people. What motivates a scammer who dreams of succeeding as a trader and receiving the recognition he would like? After a few years he realizes that he did not manage to defend himself against the market. He has lost some $ 10,000, but he has collected a great deal of information about the market during that time. He has an advantage over many beginners, a supposed experience. This experience is not worth anything, but nobody knows that. Now he wants to reclaim his lost money with the experience he has gained. This releases criminal energies that are used for his own benefit.

Curiously, most traders claim to be successful, but only 5% succeed, 95% inevitably have to say the untruth. Is that already scam? In principle, these people only cheat themselves and as long as they do not lose themselves in the assets of the other traders, that is up to each one. Nevertheless, it is dangerous when these traders claim to have found the holy grail and other traders animate their specific system 1: 1 copy. Many traders are beginners, but they are not stupid and recognize quickly to whether it is worthwhile information or not. Applying the fraud statistics to the 600,000 members of FF would bring the alarming figure of 6,900 fraudsters to light, wholeheartedly hoping that this assumption is wrong. Statistically it would be right.

There is a saying that nothing is in vain, not even death, for it costs our life.

This platform FF is an excellent knowledge base and interesting knowledge spreads incredibly fast. This is also very important as the big players have huge advantages over the private traders. I'm convinced that the big players are having a harder time each year in this market, as traders have started to share their knowledge. But this knowledge is also known to the big players and so you have to come up with new strategies over and over again to get the money of the small traders. While retail traders account for just 5.5%, retail traders lose most of their money, and it's easier to fool a private trader than an institutional one. This makes the market more complicated and difficult every year, and it has become a real challenge to succeed in this market. This means that every trader is forced to relearn every day and optimize his strategy. It's like in Formula 1, with a racing car and the experience of the nineties one would have no chance today.

The insights that we have today may only give us an advantage for a few months, after that we have to rethink. The consequence of this: In the long term, only those people who have the creativity to adapt to this market will be successful in this market. This is one of the reasons why EAs only work over a period of time and are worthless afterwards. Actually, one should pay for an EA only if one make even profits with it. (If one need such an EA at all)

Let's think about it for a moment, when a trader has found a system that earns 10 pip per day, why should he re-sell that system for money? If he trades this system with a lot, he earns $ 1000 a day. If this system is good, it can also increase the number of lot to ten or 100 a day. He could earn $ 10,000 or $ 100,000 a day. That's more money than he could ever earn with seminars or EAs sold. Perhaps the trader does not trust his own system and therefore sells it. In principle, we only sell when we no longer need something or when we can no longer afford it, or to make money from it. We should think about that.

Of course, there are exceptions, professional programmers who can help institutional traders with their work, but one has to assume that these EAs are incredibly expensive and not payable. If we take a closer look at the market of seminars and EAs, we will see that 95% of the offers are actually belong directly in the garbage. It is enough to watch some videos in Youtube.

The bad part is that it is made very easy for the cheaters. Even if you do not have a clue about investment strategies and stock markets, you can become an absolute stock market guru and gain a fortune within a few weeks, despite the lack of knowledge. The following story is not an invitation to cheat, but a sad example of a cheater who was arrested. His plan was to start a stock market information service and get  worldwide e-mail addresses from traders. Now 96,000 traders are contacted. Half of the 96,000 traders get an email stating that the EURUSD is going up next week and the other 48,000 traders are told that the EURUSD will fall next week. Suppose that the EURUSD fell the following week. Now one start again a mailing and write exactly these 48,000 traders who have previously received a correct market assessment. 24,000 traders are forecasting an increase in the EURUSD and the other 24,000 traders are recommended to bet on a falling EURUSD. If one have sent this newsletter five times using the same principle, one have 3000 subscriptions left, which get predicted five times in a row, a correct course prediction. If one can convince 50% of these 3,000 traders to pay $ 2 a day, $ 720 a year, for this newsletter, one are a millionaire. You see how easy it is to cheat, that's why I find that the penalties are far too low. The scams that were attempted in this case went awry, as some addressees simultaneously received two different predictions of the fraudster and filed a complaint.

Some who are unsuccessful begin to give seminars, or steal indicators, reprogram them, and resell them for expensive money. Some also make a deal with their broker and, when you broker a client, get a share of their lost bet. The list could be expanded significantly, but I leave it here. The fact is, we have to expect that in the Forex market around 55000 fraudsters are traveling around the world. Of course, not all trainers and sellers of indicators are scammers, but one should always be critical at first. How many times have we ever bought everyday items that were junk because we did not get detailed information. Even positive reviews on the internet are becoming more and more fake today, which does not guarantee a good product. A common sense, detailed research on the internet and communication in FF can save you a lot of trouble. The older members of FF, who have been around for years, know the market like no other and know exactly who belongs to the black sheep. Unfortunately, there are also people here who are not registered as a commercial member and still sell their EAs and seminars in the background. As soon as they know, I would recommend them to report this immediately to keep this forum clean.

Not every unsuccessful trader needs to be a scammer at the same time, but a cheater is definitely an unsuccessful trader.

And for cheaters who want the hard-won beginner money, there should not be room in this forum. Once you get an offer, just post it to FF and ask if it's reputable, there are at least 600,000 traders who can help you out.

In trading I prefer to lose my money to a big player rather than a cheater. With the big player I have at least a small chance to win, with the cheater I can only lose.

The fewer illusions we admire, the more we can absorb the truth.

I wish you a clear view at all times

best regards

--- 帖子 #1042 ---
Sadly all very true.

Your example story of the EURUSD email scammer is exactly how scammer horse racing tipsters work.

--- 帖子 #1043 ---
Hello lemercenaire,

I did not know that there is such a thing in the horse race, it's amazing how creative these people are. I also believe that a scam in the 3377 qualified Impact Members who are here at FF have less chance of getting their way, as members have some experience.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I was shocked by the fact that FF has more Commercial Members than Impact Members. 4633 commercial members versus 3377 impact members. Of its 8008 members, this is almost 60%. Should not that be the other way around? Perhaps the more than 600,000 members are enticing, which is an average of 129 members per Commerzielles member. However, I believe that this forum is almost entirely led by the impact members who have great ideas and are also free.

In one of my posts I once tried to list experienced and diligent members.

https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...0#post12439410

Actually, there should be a facility that closely scrutinizes the commercial traders to meet certain minimum standards. There are certainly exceptions that bring added value to us traders. Advertising brings little, in my opinion, a thing that is really good spreads faster than the best advertising.

But the biggest platform in the world does not only seem to be a goldmine for many commercial members, but also a goldmine for ideas that are stolen by non-members and then sold on the market for a lot of money. The first stock exchange opened 600 years ago and since then millions of people have searched for the optimal system or the holy grail. There were some good approaches, but never lasting. Therefore, no significant progress will be made also in the next 600 years. Of course, the stock market and trading platforms will continue to evolve, but little will change in the overall situation.

Why did Michael Schumacher, who was 7 times Formula 1 World Champion, earned so much money? Because no one was able, to build a Formula 1 vehicle that would have surpassed his driving performance. And that's exactly what it's like when trading. The best indicators, stock market data and trading platforms are of no use if the user in front of the screen is not able to read the market correctly.

Because of this, one can save himself the money to give it to someone who promises one high profits. There are awesome and successful people, like you in this forum, one have to make a little effort to find and understand them, but in the end it may be worth it.

best regards

--- 帖子 #1044 ---
Excellent.

Do you have any statistics based on Bid and Ask Order Count Metrics?

Maybe an Mt5  indicator (for futures)  or MT4  EA coded on three parameters

Direction: Up or Down

Order Count: Bid Count or Sell Count in Number

Exit: by pips or points

The idea is to assess the strength of the currencies from the Bid or Ask Count or a gap between the two.

--- 帖子 #1045 ---
[quote=simnz;12502798]{quote} Excellent. Do you have any statistics based on Bid and Ask Order

Hello Simnz,

Your idea is very interesting, but could be dangerous as an EA in Forex market with a high probability. For this, I will publish a bigger report tomorrow, so I ask for some patience. The statistics I have created are based on the pure price and time within the forex market. Although these two values (price and time) are correct, the values of volume and number of trades are missing. However, these values are crucial for a correct entry or exit and are only available via the stock exchange data in Euro FX. Although I trade in the forex market, my information comes exclusively from the stock market. An MT4 EA would have to use the stock market data to make correct trading decisions. I would like to post an example.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here we see the Euro FX in the 256 Tick Chart. The numbers we see within the different candles is the number of seconds the price has been in the different price levels. At point A, we see that the price in a demand market was the longest in this price category and then went up sharply. Interestingly, when he returned to this zone, the price was turned upside down in that area. At point B and C we can observe the same phenomenon. With a special indicator that can variably analyze all clusters according to bid, ask, delta, volume, ticks or time, I have made some personal settings. The different setting options are almost unlimited. The clusters in bid and ask were analyzed here within the bearish and bullish candles. The green and red triangles (points D and E) indicate a respective imbalance of at least 50% / -51% between Ask and Bid. Interestingly, although there is no volume in the chart, the entries and exits are very obvious.

For more than a week now, I create a summary of my different probabilities to derive a strategic recommendation for our subscribers. I hope to finish this summary by tomorrow afternoon. I am convinced that the information can bring us further progress. Maybe this could be a new approach.

Lovely wishes

--- 帖子 #1046 ---
Am I correct in thinking that ticks substitutes volume and your analysis is based here on this factor.

Your research is very interesting.

--- 帖子 #1047 ---
Hi friend, Bionics.

Congratulations on this very rich work of highly relevant information for us traders.

I am very impressed with your work, I am studying and knowing all the material that is available, I want to know your work deeply.

Let me tell you about an idea I have, maybe you already have material and indicator available, I don't know yet, but ... can you create an indicator that warns in advance of the candle's high, low, open and close?  with maximum precision.

I'm sure and I know this is possible .... do you already have any indicators that do this?

thank you very much

continue your work is very important

Success

--- 帖子 #1048 ---
[quote=RogerS2019;12503029]Hi friend, Bionics. Congratulations on this very rich work of highly relevant information for us traders.

Hello RogerS2019

First of all, welcome to our blog: Equilibrium, a key to succes. I am glad that you like this blog and I would be glad if if it helps you. Unfortunately, I have no idea about your indicator, but I have an idea who can help you.

I want to code your EAs and Indicators for no charge

There are capable and professional programmers in this blog who have programmed many MT4 indicators for free. There you will definitely find a solution.

I hope that I could help you

best regards

--- 帖子 #1049 ---
Hello Simnz,

Thank you very much for your kind compliment.

the example shown by me in the 256 Tickchart are stock market data from Euro FX. In this case, the respective candle size indicates, among other things, the number of trading transactions; in a volume chart, the candle size depends, among other things, on the volume. In the forex market, a tick chart is already very close to the volume, but a tickchart refers more to the number of trades than to the volume. Since the proportionality of trading transactions on average has a similar ratio as the volume, an approximation to an actual volume is conceivable. Unfortunately, there are no concrete volume data or a number of trading transactions in the forex market, so the tick data in Forex is only a forecast of a possible volume. In my posts

Important information about the volume

and

Amazing discovery in volume

I have shown that a volume calculated from a forex tickchart gives more accurate results than the volume delivered by the broker.
Nevertheless, I would rely solely on the volume from the futures market.

best regards

--- 帖子 #1050 ---
Hi Bionics, I admire the work you are doing here in this thread, I wonder if, you have another space to share info about the market.

Also I see that you are reading this forum and I wonder if, you have read the FF's "Trades" tab above and have more statistics to share from the traders sentiment.

I am not sure, but I would like to see how you are incorporating retail forex sentiment with your supply/demand tick chart analysis.

Have this on your future plans maybe. Thanks!

--- 帖子 #1051 ---
The best chance to win

Hello dear subscribers,

In 1973, the theory of Efficient Market Hypothesis (EMH) became popular through the bestseller "A Random Walk Down Wall Street," written by Burton G. Malkiel. The thesis: Financial markets are efficient insofar as existing information is already priced in and therefore no market participant is in a position to achieve above-average profits through technical analysis, fundamental analysis, insider trading or otherwise. Above all, a vivid conclusion of the EMH, which the professor formulated at the renowned Princeton University in the US state of New Jersey, still provokes the experts today. Thus, the unpredictable nature of short-term changes in stock market prices causes a blind monkey to throw "darts" arrows at the financial pages of a newspaper, thus creating a portfolio that would be as successful as one that has been carefully selected by experts. Malkiel argues that asset prices tend to show signs of accidental change and that one can not consistently outperform market averages. In 1984, Warren Buffett gave a speech at Columbia University refuting the Efficient Market Hypothesis. After all, Warren Buffett is not a trader, but an investor.

thesis

No investor is able to outperform the market in the long term because the market can not predict future news and its impact on prices.

antithesis

The practice is not interested in the theory of the efficiency of the markets, numerous successes of investors prove this over many years.

Christmas 2010 Hanover has written a very readable report:

Twenty-six widely believed forex myths.

I recommend you to read this once.

Hanover writes there:

It's highly unlikely that you'll find a simple, mechanical system that allows you to win consistently, especially in the retail arena. If such a system existed, then everybody would use it -- or something conceptually similar -- and obtain exponential account growth with minimal knowledge, effort or stress. Large institutions could save themselves millions in salaries by dismissing all of their highly paid analysts, economists, veteran traders, math and statistics professors, and IT experts, and replacing them all with this simple system. But FX is a (pseudo)zero sum game: to remain handsomely profitable, you must effectively outwit, outplay and outlast the most knowledgable, experienced and ruthless minds in the industry, all of whom want to take your money, whether by fair means or otherwise. Ultimately then, it's not about systems, but underlying knowledge and hands-on experience.

However, the fact that non-randomness (or "inefficiencies") exist doesn't automatically mean that it's always possible for the retail trader to exploit them profitably. Spikes that occur the instant that red news is announced is one such example. Conversely, to whatever extent inefficiencies like those listed are exploitable, and to the point that transaction costs are overcome, it is mathematically possible to profit systematically from trading. In reality, "randomness" is a euphemism for either a lack of information; or a lack of knowledge about what information is available, and how to use it profitably.

In fact, "randomness" is a euphemism for a lack of information; or lack of knowledge about what information is available and how to use it profitably.

For this reason, there are only four factors for me with which I can improve my profit situation. A good psychological condition, a very good strategy, an optimal money management and a reasonable probability calculation. In the last few months, I have calculated different probabilities and made a summary that is interesting for me. I agree that the summary is very comprehensive, but there is no simple mechanical system on the stock market that can be profitable in the long term. Remember, the stock market has existed for more than 600 years. How many analysts, traders and scientists have tried to find a generally applicable profitable system during this time. This gives every trader only the chance to implement his many years of experience.

My system and probabilities, which I describe below, are profitable for me because I have worked on them over many years and have continually optimized them. A profitable system on the stock market has to be thought of as 100 different spices in the kitchen. Sometimes 3 spices are enough to cook a dish and sometimes you need 20 spices. I do not work with a particular system, but with different strategies in different market situations. It is not the indicator, which is just another representation of price or volume, that is responsible for success, but man. In doing so, I draw on my many years of experience, which in my opinion is the key to success.

It is a misconception that in a complex market, having a simple system can make you profitable in the long term. It may work in the short term, but my intension has never been quick money, but a sustainable success from which to live. I have already published my 100 spices that I use a few times, but that will not help anyone. Even if someone makes a recipe, it will always taste a little different. The goal must be to create your own recipe and for that this blog was launched. You may find some spices here that you like, if not, just let it go.

On the stock exchange, the most diverse interests collide. For every trade you need buyers and sellers with different opinions and motives. It is completely impossible to determine why a special course is achieved by asking all participants about their motivations. The stock price must therefore by no means be "fair" or "explainable" in the sense of an analysis. The exchange rate is calculated by combining supply and demand. The broker sets the price so that the highest possible turnover is generated with the given orders. And that's exactly what makes the stock market unpredictable.

My basic understanding of the market is that only the big players influence the market significantly through their individual strategies. News, meetings and opinions are therefore of no relevance to me. 95% of retail traders lose and the big players are focused on this target group because they have it easiest there. Since you can always identify the big players only in the short term and then it is usually too late, you have to focus on the majority of retail traders. Once you have identified the retail traders you have to orient your strategy in the opposite direction and then look for a suitable entry situation.

In this summary you will find links to my contributions, which will give you more information. On health, psychology and fitness are the cornerstone of success in trading I will not go into detail today.

Since the price of the stock exchange, the combination of supply and demand, it was logical for me to focus on it many years ago. If the supply in the market is greater than the demand, the price drops. If the demand is higher than the supply, the price rises. When supply meets demand in the market, equilibrium is created. I have been working with this basic understanding for years.

Equilibrium a key to success.

As a trader who trades for Equilibrium, one dreams of a chart image that always indicates exactly the supply zones and demand zones. From this one could always deduce in which trend phase the course is currently. As such an indicator would have to look to the future, it quickly becomes clear that this wish will always remain a dream. Nevertheless, one can gain an advantage with the right tools in the large shark tank.

Determine trend strength in any period

The final countdown

The Bionic Chart recognizes at first glance that there are no shadows and that the open has been dispensed with. As a rule, one can do without this information as the close of the previous candle usually indicates the open of the new candle. The close is basically displayed in the Bionic Chart, so that the open of the new candles can be recognized quickly.

The bionic chart

Indicators for Project 2 Part 1 (bionic chart)

No matter which strategy or system you work with, it is crucial that you are profitable. In addition to an optimal Moneymanagement one should check his system regularly. There are a few vendors on the Internet who can help you analyze your numbers and facts. It is important to find out what is worthwhile. But you can also do it yourself and calculate it relatively easily. You can find an example here.

Easy increase in trading efficiency!

Sometimes I have already thought that the big players invented the indicators to take the money from the small trader. An indicator always remains in arrears, i. he derives his values from past price movements. How can you make the right decision with old information in a live trade? The indicator also does not take into account the situation in which the market is currently located, where traders' orders are hidden, where liquidity is located and whose balance leads to a reversal. However, I do not think the indicators are fundamentally bad. So-called auxiliary indicators facilitate my work and provide a better overview. In order to win in the long term on the stock market, I need a knowledge advantage over the other traders. In addition, I have to put myself in the position of big players and know how they think and act. Price Action Trading means understanding and applying market conditions.

Indicators- with 200 in the one-way street?

As already described in some articles, today's big players are working with strategies that bring big disadvantages for smaller traders. This refers to the so-called high frequency traders, which on some days account for up to 50% of the trading volume. They work with incredibly fast computers and programs. The speed of these programs is enormous. They can respond to price changes within milliseconds, bringing them to market faster and faster.

The tricks of high frequency traders

The hard unvarnished truth

Learning from high frequency dealers

When I started working with the Metatrader, the order opening for a Swingscalper was very cumbersome. It took some time until all the values were entered. A small relief was the 1-click trade in the Metatrader, but I was not satisfied. At some point, the brokers began offering small mini-terminals. The big problem: The stop could only be brought into the market after the order. As a long-term trader, this is even less tragic as for a swing scalper. A few years ago, I discovered the VR Steals, a retail panel that was still in its infancy at the time, but already significantly better than the Metatrader variant. In mid-2014 I became aware of the third version. That was a breakthrough for fast trading.

Orders quickly and effectively

Of course it would be optimal if all traders could see the same candles, but this is impossible due to the different brokers and the different course positions. This means that candle making is different for many traders. Here's the first clue that candle formations can not work in my eyes. Now imagine the presentation of different indicators that each trader has built into his chart.

The same time, different candles

There are many hurdles to overcome in finding the right broker. Not the cheapest broker is always the best. First of all, your investment behavior is a decisive criterion. As scalpers, spreads should be cheap and no additional costs should be incurred. As a long-term trader, spreads can be less critical. The right price-performance ratio determines the right broker. Here's an example of what to look for in a CFD broker.

How do I find the best broker for me?

For me the essential aspect was to find a highly frequented market. This is clearly the foreign exchange market. But within this currency market, there are many currency pairs. Here I would like to show you how I used to choose my optimal currency pair.

The most efficient currency pair

As we have already stated, the price movements in the forex market are due to pure coincidence. Markets are rarely determined by news, but usually by the strategies of big players. No one is able to predict the course of the price and to determine exactly. In a randomly generated market, you have a realistic chance of making the odds in your favor. But that's exactly what you need the right information for.

Who is faster the euro or the dollar?

The main reason why in the past there were only time-based diagrams is the lack of technology in the past. At that time, the exchange simply was not able to give market participants access to real-time data. With technological advances, when stock market trading took place around the clock, which was associated with greater volatility, traders experimented with a variety of charting methods. This created the first time independent chart images. Interesting are the supply and demand zones, which now consist of ticks. From our point of view, these zones are now formed even more precisely and in combination with the Bionic Chart even more reliable statements can be made.

Is a tickchart really beneficial?

Download and test a tick chart

If a trader is not satisfied with his results, it is often because he is following the wrong strategy. There are many strategies when trading, finding the right one is the challenge. Unfortunately there is no standardized solution in trading. If you read somewhere "This strategy always works" or "it's just that way", then you should be skeptical. A strategy consists of various parameters such as setup, trading style, time units, money and risk management, etc. Let's look at a few different setups first. I would like to limit myself today only to 5 essential setups.

How do I optimize my strategy?

Today's report is about the differences between the forex market and futures. The most important backgrounds are illuminated and some very interesting findings came out. Therefore, this report has become slightly longer than usual.

Forex versus future

Dark pools are bank or exchange trading platforms for the anonymous trading of financial products that are traded outside the open securities trading of the stock exchanges. The dark pools include areas such as Forex (Spot Currency Trading) and CFD (Contract for Difference). Dark pools are not subject to the rules and supervision of the European stock exchanges. There is no transparency in these markets. In the LIT market or light pool market, which refers to the ECN stock exchanges, there is an order book that will be published for everyone. This market allows traders to see the amount of liquidity.

Project 6 Forex & Future

In today's article, we want to deal with various information that we receive in the forex or futures market. This information is hugely important as we derive our trading decisions from it. So we have to be careful to get only information that is correct.

60% better trading in the forex market?

Two things we have discussed in detail in recent weeks, the Forex or stock market it is all about supply, demand and liquidity and we know that the Big Boys determine the markets. The Big Boys depend on liquidity to achieve their goals. I have written a few times before that it is crucial to put yourself in the position of a big player in order to be able to actually follow it. The big players do not think like a small investor. If we want to trade ten lots, we just hit the button and we're in the market. If we want to sell ten lots, we just hit the button and we're off the market. A professional trader trades not only with 10 lots but with some 1000 or in the forex market with 100,000 lots.

How to use the stock market cycles correctly

Prepare for next week

Example for Accumulation and Distribution

Over the last few months, I've been specifically looking into the similarities between the EURUSD on the Forex market and the Euro-FX on the futures market. We have found that the price movements in the different markets are almost identical, although there are, of course, different prices due to the swaps. Here are some important recommendations for an interesting Futurebrocker and an interesting trading platform.

Project 6 first interim conclusion

To illustrate the volume, comparisons are made on the internet with a car, but this comparison is not quite correct. In the last few days, I came up with the idea to present you this comparison with a watercraft, I believe that one is able to relatively quickly capture the benefits and the functioning of the volume.

How important is the volume?

Volume: Speed, Accelerator and Current

As we already know, there can be no concrete volume in the forex market, as it is an OTC market and not a stock market regulated market. In contrast, we have found that the price movements in the Forex market and in the future market are almost identical. This fact has brought me an interesting idea that could possibly bring our forex traders closer to the volume.

Important information about the forex volume

Amazing discovery in volume

My assumptions are based solely on supply, demand and equilibrium. These laws of the market apply in all forms of the economy and that will never change. With this variant of the market observation I manage to turn the probability in my favor. Another aspect must not be forgotten. The longer you are in the market, the more likely you are to lose money. As a scalper, I reduce this probability because sometimes I am only a short time on the market. Because the price movements in the forex market are purely coincidental, we can only increase our odds on the basis of probabilities. However, before we put together the different probabilities and assumptions about an interesting strategy, we still have to deal with a probability. This is about our hourly pay, or how much pip we can achieve in the different time units within a certain time. As always, the calculations made here are purely hypothetical and may differ significantly from reality.

Increase our hourly wage?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Summary:

In the forex market I rely exclusively on the time and price data in the tick chart. Volume data, number of trades, delta volume, and spoofing are key factors in the futures market. Similarly, the delta volume at the respective price levels within an equilibrium is a deciding factor. There I analyze the absorption of Bid and Ask in order to generate a market advantage. Although the forex market is harder to trade than the futures market, the opportunities for profit are much greater here. With the data from the futures market you reduce your trading risk in the forex market significantly.

I'm a second / minute scalper and I prefer to trade exclusively the EURUSD in the downtrend in a reversal setup or pullback setup. My stops vary between 0.5 and 1.5 pip, depending on the volatility. The take profit is based exclusively on the volume that I receive from the futures market and my zones which I determine in the 8 tickchart forex market. In addition, I analyze the spoofing in the DOM, ie the number of deleted or short added bid and ask. With that, I decide at short notice whether I will stay in the market to improve the opportunity risk ratio or to quit immediately. As a rule, I use short movements with a high number of contracts. As I get a new trend every 5 minutes in the 8-tick chart on average, many interesting trades are possible within one trading day. This enables me to achieve up to 1 Pip / min. A downtrend is 40% faster on average. Within a trend, the pullback phases are very interesting.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The price and time data are identical in the forex and futures market minus swaps. In fundamental analysis, the currency strength of the euro and dollar helps me in different time units. In the technical analysis, I use the volume from the futures market and analyze the accumulation and distribution in the forex tick chart. For the short-term charting technique I use an 8-tick chart with the Bioniccandle and the Bionic ZigZag indicator which shows me the average candle size in each trend.

The volume from the futures market can be seen in a 3-tick chart in the form of bid and ask. In addition, I analyze how many bid and ask the big players buy at certain price levels. Within an accumulation phase I recognize in an outbreak down in the 8 Tickchart Forex whether the stops of the Trader are triggered. It's always a good and quick start for a breakout.

In the forex market I use the broker Aktivtrades, AMP in the futures market and as trading platform ATAS. With ATAS, I focus heavily on absorption, the horizontal and vertical delta volumes. The settings are flexible and almost unlimited.

My 8 screens have the total area of an 85-inch screen and contain different fundamentals and technical analysis information as well as charting within the forex and futures markets. Sometimes the currency strength helps me, sometimes the absorption, sometimes I need the spoofing or the vertical or horizontal delta volume. Interesting zones can also be found in the horizontal price zones where the course was the longest. My main screen is a kind of hybrid, consisting of forex and futures data. The goal: Identification of big players or retail traders. When I have identified a big player I try to follow it, when I have identified the retail traders, I try to act in the opposite direction.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Of course less is sometimes more, but since I do not know yet, which data give me the optimal information, I still see it as a personal project. Concentration on the essentials will only be possible when the experience within the different information has been completed. As I've already been told by some successful high-frequency traders, it is highly unlikely that you can be profitable in a complex market with a simple system. As markets change permanently, you have to be willing to do it also. And that requires permanent learning. Compared to the forex data, the futures data are much more detailed but also much more complicated when dealing with spoofing and absorption. But it is a new challenge for our future project 7.

I ask you again to see this information as a buffet, take out what's fine, just leave the rest. Nevertheless, I hope that there was something that brings you further.

I wish you a very successful trading week

best regards

--- 帖子 #1052 ---
[quote=Js3mwtRc;12503536]{quote} Hi Bionics, I admire the work you are doing here in this thread,

Hello Js3mwtRc,

First of all, very much thanks for your encouragement for this blog. The tab Trades at FF is known to me, but the information for me are not representative enough to derive a mood from it.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In the analysis of FF, there were 262 Trader long and 261 Trader short 1 hour ago. Information about fxssi would be more meaningful, because more data is analyzed.

According to the press and stock market information, more than 1 million traders trade daily in the EURUSD. The listed traders in FF show just 0.05% of the total market. Although we do not know in which time the 1 million traders are in the market. In addition, one would have to differentiate between Scalper, Daytrader and Swingrader. For a trend assessment, I would prefer the data of the day traders and swing traders, rather than the data of Scalpers.

In my last post, The best chance to win, I have listed several examples of how I try to assess the market. The basic analysis always consists of supply, demand and equilibrium or also accumulation and distribution. For me, the crucial phase is the sideways market or, in the definition, a larger equilibrium. In this sideways market, the big players buy ask or bid so they can then push the course in the desired direction. While a big player could press the buy or sell button at any time to move the price in a particular direction, it would be suicidal because it would come into the market at a poor average price. That's why he collects a certain amount of bid or ask in the sideways markets. Then the price is pushed up or down. In the forex market you can not detect this collection of bid and ask, because simply no data is provided. In my last post, I described some strategies that are a little bit elaborate. If you've been thinking about it long enough, the result will speak a clear language. You are absolutely right that it is crucial to identify the big players or the retail traders. In my opinion, optimal identification works only with the right stock market data from the futures market. Of course, in the last few years, I also used the Forex data to sell my trades in the market and had more luck than good judgment. The probability of winning is significantly greater with the stock market data.

Best regards

--- 帖子 #1053 ---
Thanks for making clear the difference between the future market and forex spot, I only use forex, but your post is detailed and I think I can make it at least not lose using sentiment from the sources I found here in this thread, but I should stick well with a right risk management.

--- 帖子 #1054 ---
Hi friend.

Thank you so much for answering me, and thank you even more for your referral, I'm sure there.

A lot of success for you.

--- 帖子 #1055 ---
New project No. 7

Hello dear subscribers,

With the summary of the different probabilities The best chance to win I would like to conclude our project number six. In this # 6 project, we saw how important the future market are to trading profitably in the forex market.

Our new project number seven will focus on how to use the stock market data to be even more profitable in the Forex market. Of course, there are some costs, but as a trader you are an entrepreneur and an entrepreneur always invests in his own company. The monthly cost of the stock market data and the trading platform is around $ 100. These costs are quickly back in with one profitable trade. We should note that a futures trader is three times more likely to win than a forex trader. I have described the reasons for this in detail. In principle, the stock market data can be compared with a navigation system and the forex data with a road map. In the navigation system I get a lot more information about weather, traffic jams, construction sites and much more and I'm able to reach my destination faster. It is clear that a navigation system is significantly more expensive than a road map. Anyone who lives off action should therefore think about the information he uses to risk his money. Let's take a look at how the stock market data can help us in our daily business.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The price of EURUSD is always in balance or imbalance phases. Balance means the market is running sideways and imbalance means that the market is in a trend phase. In the H1 chart of the EURUSD H1 I marked the balance phases. In about 70-90% of cases, a market is within the balance phases. Of course, all traders try to take the strong breakout and trend phases, but the likelihood of achieving that is very low.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Let's look at an example from a typical week in EURUSD. Within this week, there are five clear balance phases and three imbalance phases. It is very well known that it is ineffective to limit oneself to the trend phases. Therefore, as a trader, one should focus on the balance rather than the imbalance phases.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

With the market profile, the range trading is greatly simplified, because there are certain zones in which you can trade. Let's first look at the blue-bordered zone.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In addition to the volume high and volume low zone, there is a POC zone. The POC is the zone where most volume occurred within a given period of time. Above this zone you should only look for long trades and below that zone only for short trades. However, the best entry is above the volume high and below the volume low zone. In this example, we see very well how the POC works as resistance or support. If you invest a volume profile after completing a course, the POC will always show distinctive resistance zones. Of course, within a course, the Volume High and Volume Low Zone will change regularly. I once shot a video about these zones to show them that the POC changes only slightly in this case. This is because there are certain price zones in which the volume is significantly higher than in other price zones.

Inserted Video

It is very interesting to see that after the first strong break down the POC zone was not changed anymore. In this case you could have done some interesting trades with it. Maybe this could be a motivation to get more involved with the market profile. There are many things to keep in mind that I will not go into in detail now. The market profile works best with the right stock market data.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Let's look at another and interesting example of delta volume and absorption. In an overview in the EURUSD Forex market, we see from 10 to 18 September an interesting price trend. Initially, the price was in an uptrend, there was a sharp decline and within the same day, the losses were offset. At points A and B I have marked two resistance zones. The course was initially down and it formed at point C, an Equilibrium. After the sharp decline, it would have been possible to assume that the price is still going down. After the stop hunting at Point D, this range was a typical accumulation for me. The price initially went up and stopped within my resistance zone at point E. This was unusual for me at first, because in an accumulation phase, the big players collect first the Ask, to push up the price sharply. The fact that the course came to a halt could have only two reasons. The resistance zone at point B was so strong that the course could not get through or the big player could not collect enough Ask in the accumulation phase to push the course further up. That's why I took a closer look at the point E in the stock market in order to make a decision for the future course price.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In the forex market EURUSD M5 Could not see much in this crucial phase. Therefore, I would like to show you once what it looked like in the stock market.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In the Euro FX, it could be seen that in this phase an above-average negative delta took place. A delta arises from the sum of Bid and Ask. If the Ask is larger than the Bid, a green delta candle is created and if the Bid is bigger than the Ask a red delta candle is created. This high negative volume of deltas was created exactly at 09:00 CET with the opening of the London Stock Exchange.

To get more information, I've used a footprint chart to help look closer into the candle. Basically, I'd like to say that while a footprint chart is a cool invention for getting more information, the information is far from reliable. As you know, with a footprint chart you can see the imbalance in the market. An imbalance arises when between Bid and Ask a clear difference of, for example, 300% can be seen. This imbalance is always calculated in a candle from bottom left to top right. For example, if you notice a strong imbalance in a M 15 candle, it may be due that in a M 5 candle this imbalance no longer exists. This is simply because the price within a candle often goes back and forth a few times, watering down the imbalance. This makes it difficult to detect absorption with a footprint chart.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Let's take a look at this striking zone with the opening in London at 9:00. In the 512 Tick Chart we can see that within four candles, a volume of 3769 bits and a volume of 1373 ask was traded. Of the total volume, just under 75% was traded on the bid and 25% on the ask. Nevertheless, the price has not gone down much. It was simply because there was a big player underneath that bought the whole bid.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In the smaller footprint chart you could see that the strong sales orders have come into the market that have not moved the market down sharply, but effectively I could only see that in the DOM. Big players have a habit of disguising their absorption. They buy very quickly in succession with smaller quantities at certain price levels, the bid or Ask on. In the DOM one is able to recognize the purchased quantities.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

If a large number of sales orders arrive in the time & sales list, you can see in the DOM how the number of sales orders are counted up and wonder why the price does not fall. We know that a big player would never simply press the buy or sell button to push the price up or down. That means he has to collect Bid or Ask first. In the example shown, the question was: Why does a big player buy 3769 Bid? The answer: Because he assumes that the price will rise in the future. Thereafter, the price has risen by 60 pip. At some point a big player has to get off again and sell his 3769 Ask. What will happen after that? The course will fall. And that's exactly how it was. We recognize that a footprint chart is not the holy grail, but in combination with the time & sales list, the DOM levels, the volume delta and the market profile, you are already a step ahead. That's one of the reasons why the stock market data gives more information than a pure chart from the forex market. When we work with probabilities, correct data is an absolute must. In order to be profitable with a high probability in the forex market I can not do without stock market data.

I hope this little example can help to increase your future profitability. I wish you a nice weekend and next week a successful trading week.

best regards

--- 帖子 #1056 ---
thank you your hard work excellent....very interesting poc project

mt4 markert profile indicator free  all view not well

--- 帖子 #1057 ---
[quote=thisara1;12519264]{quote} thank you your hard work excellent....very interesting poc project

Hello thisara,

First of all very much thanks for the friendly compliment for our blog. In fact, this is a very elaborate job of comparing the forex and futures markets. Nevertheless, the results are promising and I am confident that we will make further progress in the coming months. In recent years, the majority of Forex traders have lost a lot of money in the markets, as there has been a significant imbalance in the price data between the big players and the retail traders. Many brokers have made a lot of money in recent years with this circumstance. After the regulation of ESMA, 95% of traders in Europe were left to work with a leverage of 1:30. This caused a broker change to Australia or Cyprus and some traders also switched to the futures market. All of a sudden, the first brokers in Germany are offering additional futures data in order not to lose their customers. One inevitably wonders why the brokers have not offered that before. But it is well known that a cow is not cared for until it gives less milk. In Europe, the brokers have massive problems, as the majority of traders lose money and eventually get off. However, this does not apply to all brokers, it took me a long time to find a good broker that is absolutely fair and at the same time offers good prices. Now that many traders have jumped off, the first brokers have begun to support their clients so that they are able to make more profits. I am convinced that in the future we will still get significantly lower prices, which makes trading even more attractive.

Let's get to the challenge of the market profile in the forex market. The market profile is calculated from the volume that is unfortunately incomplete in the forex market because no market participant can provide the actual volume of data.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In the comparison that follows, I compared the volume of the EURUSD from the forex market with the euro FX from the futures market. Here the last four trading days were calculated. As I said in my post: Amazing discovery in volume there are significant differences that make it significantly more difficult to operate profitably. At first glance, the volume seems similar, but the crucial zones automatically cause a misinterpretation and thus a loss. In my post 1029 and 1030, I have shown an interesting alternative on how to more accurately represent the volume in the forex market. The only way is to calculate the volume from the pricing in a tick chart. Unfortunately, there is not such a volume indicator yet. The only alternative is the real stock market data from the futures market. That was also the reason for our new project number 7. The goal is still to trade in the forex market, because you can make the highest profits there and the volatility is significantly higher than in the futures market. However, as the forex market does not provide the correct volume or the number of trades, the futures data is an indispensable tool for long-term profitable trading in the forex market.

The happiness of life is not to have little or no difficulty, but to overcome these difficulties. It should be noted that one can never solve problems with the same way of thinking that created them.

best wishes

--- 帖子 #1058 ---
Bionics, now if we can combine volume data from top 10 brokers by trading volume and then average it out and produce a volume profile - this will be a whole new world.

--- 帖子 #1059 ---
Hello asgcorp,

That would indeed be a very interesting idea, unfortunately, not all big big players offer a data feed for brokers. Deutsche Bank is one of the largest Forex traders in the world and as far as I know they are not providing all data to a broker. Most trades with the broker (except ECN brokers) are not forwarded to the interbank market anyway. If 20,000 customers are short and 20,000 customers long, there is no risk for the broker. Only if the ratio of long and short positions is unbalanced does the broker secure itself via the interbank market. That's why many of our trades do not even come into the market, and thus no volume is created. The interesting thing is that the future volume is already very close to the Forex volume. The price movements of the EURUSD are identical to the Euro FX. The future price minus the swaps is equal to the forex price. The EURUSD forex market is only about 100 times larger than the Euro FX futures market. If the future DOM trades at a price level of 400 lots, then 40,000 lots would have to be converted into the forex market. But you are absolutely right with your idea, unfortunately this will remain an unfulfilled dream for all of us. But we are creative and know, how to help each other. With the absorption at the individual price levels, I have already come a long way in the last few days and will report about it in the next few days. The big players work with all the tricks and today I understand  why I lost at the beginning of my trader career. The forex market is the heaviest market in the world, but with the right data and interpretation it will be a lot easier.

I wish you a successful trading week.

Best wishes

--- 帖子 #1060 ---
Forex and Future Hyprid screens

Hello dear traders,

With our new project # 7 we try to use the data and information from the futures market for our trading in the forex market. The experiences already made are very promising and show interesting perspectives. The data from the futures market are much more demanding because they also contain the correct volume and the number of trades. While we get two correct data streams in the Forex market (OHLC and Time) there are already four correct data streams in Future Market. This opens up an incredible field of data interpretation. In the past, I have traded my resistance and support zones based solely on supply and demand in the Forex market. Maybe luck, chance and my experience helped make it profitable for me. When my brother asked me many years ago what strategy I am using, my answer was: intuition and experience.The problem with intuition and experience is that you yourself can not define any measurable progress. Only when you research and write down your personal strategy will you be able to analyze, improve and recognize the changes. As an independent trader, you do not have a boss who asks for a regular work report or who asks you what you have done in recent weeks to get better. You can only change or improve things that you are aware of.

Uniting the forex market with the futures market is a challenge. Although the volume, the footprint chart, that Oder Flow and the Volume Profile are an interesting alternative in the futures market, these tools are not a holy grail. Whether the EURUSD possibly reaches the parity or rises back to 1.60 I do not care. If my friends ask me where the EURUSD currently stands, I often can not say it because it is unimportant to me. My basic definition of the market is supply, demand and equilibrium. In the Equilibrium or sideways market, big players collect Ask or Bid because they are pursuing a particular goal. Once you have the required number of contacts together, you have to confuse the market to take as few participants as possible up or down. So accumulation, then movement up and then comes the distribution, then the movement down. Accumulation and distribution does not always have to be in a sideways phase or in an equilibrium. This often happens towards the end of a trend. The challenge is to recognize this absorption in each phase. As I have written many times before, news is of no importance to me. Here's an example: Imagine the big player Goldman Sachs accumulating a large number of Ask in an accumulation phase. That can sometimes be fast some 100,000 Lot. Suddenly, information is coming in that the euro is getting weaker and the dollar is getting stronger. What is Goldman Sachs doing? They push the course up brutally and then gradually realize their profits. The press then writes that the euro has recovered. Of course, the big players are focused on market data and currency strength. But we must never forget that it is the big players who determine with their strategies where the market is going. So let's forget the news and concentrate solely on the strategies of the big players. The footprints of the big players in the market are the large absorption packages from Bid and Ask. We have to identify these, interpret them and create our strategy from them.

For the project number 7 I tried to direct my eight screens to the forex and futures market. For this I have created a short video to give you an impression of it. Please note that we are in a project and therefore I use different screen views that are constantly changing. On the eight screens I only use the price data from the EURUSD Forex and the Euro FX from the futures market.

Inserted Video

To say it basically, you do not need an eight screen to be successful. Perhaps eight screens can also distract and confuse of the essence. The advantage of eight screens is the speed. In certain market phases, I do not have to switch to other time units or upload certain charts first. Within a trading day, all eight screens are used in certain phases. This saves me time and I am able to react faster. Another aspect is very interesting. If I have found a new screen setting or a new display style, I am able to test this setting for a certain amount of time without affecting my main view. Within a few days I will be able to find out if this screen shot will help me or not. By that I do not mean new indicators, but the pure presentation of my existing indicators. In the forex market, I work exclusively with the price and currency strength in the futures market with the volume and number of trades. Very interesting is the time display in seconds how long the price has been in certain price regions. My screens are a kind of ongoing project, and are constantly changing. The market out there is also changing every day, so we too must be ready to face this change. It is interesting that with this strategy I can look deeper and deeper into the market and at the same time optimize my view. Anyone who thinks that many screens are confusing should never work on the New York Stock Exchange or get to know day trading legend Stephen Kalayjian. Incidentally, he works very successfully with more than 50 screens. The following video accompanies Stephen Kalayjian a day in trading.

Inserted Video

Kalayjian has more than 30 years of trading experience in stocks, futures and currencies. He began his career on the American Stock Exchange, followed by positions on the New York Stock Exchange, the COMEX Division of the New York Mercantile Exchange and the Chicago Board of Trade. From 1992 to 2004, he traded his own capital as well as various family offices and became a successful day trader trading nearly two billion shares of US equities. He works without volume with a Pattern Recognition. He earns between $ 250,000 and $ 500,000 a year. But one more important thing to note is the type of automobile he owns. 2013 Honda and 2002 Mazda. I find that impressive when people stay normal despite their success. We realize that you do not necessarily need the most advanced volume, footprint, DOM and Oder flow trading platforms to be successful. Perhaps training at the New York Stock Exchange and having a 30-year experience will help. There is no substitute for experience. Since I do not have more than 30 years experience, I concentrate on our further project Nr.7.

Certainly my strategies and techniques in the forex market will change over the next few years, which is also a prerequisite for success in a rapidly developing market. But despite all the changes and adjustments I have remained true to my principle in trading for 10 years. Demand, supply and equilibrium are the keys to success. This will not change in the next 10 years.

I wish you a successful trading week

best regards

--- 帖子 #1061 ---
great post as always Bionics

--- 帖子 #1062 ---
In the footsteps of the big players

Hello dear traders,

In the past, I enjoyed working with the COT data, which was released every two weeks and showed the positioning of institutional and retail traders. Through a friend of mine, who accompanies our project 7, I was made aware of an interesting indicator in the trading platform ATAS. I have analyzed today and the result is incredible. With the indicator one is able to display the traded lot within one day as delta. So you could simulate a kind of short-term COT indicator, although no open positions are shown here. With a filter I have now divided this traded Lot. 1-4 lots for retail traders and 5 to 100 lots for big players. 5 lots are often used by the big player algorithms to buy Bid or Ask very quickly in sideways markets. With it, you can buy up to a few 100 lots within seconds, without displaying large purchase orders in the DOM. With this is a big player able to disguise his true intentions. That's why I chose the classification in the indicator.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In the upper area you can see the price history of today. The yellow line is the delta of the traded 1-4 lot and the blue line is the delta of the traded 5-100 lot. Up to the blue arrow at 2:35 am the retail traders were still on the right track. After that, the delta has slipped into positive territory. This means that the majority of retail traders today were long-oriented. The majority of big players were short-headed. In principle, it is also logical, because if all traders wanted to trade down and no one up, the price would not move. As we known, the big players move the market, also we try to follow them. It is interesting that this indicator can also be used in the tickchart and thus can recognize very fast and up-to-date information about the orientation of the individual market participants. A course can only moved if there is a participant who wants to buy and gives another participant who wants to sell. The question is, which participants would like to follow in the long run, in order to act profitably. In principle, this indicator is very interesting, but it should be noted that in the so-called accumulation phases, the indicator could not help in the short term. And once again it becomes clear why so many retail traders lose. They lack important information about the actual market events. Unfortunately, we do not get this information in the forex market, but if you want to be profitable in the long term, you should deal with stock market data sooner or later.

I wish you a nice evening

best regards

--- 帖子 #1063 ---
I have used similar techniques using prop software I no longer have access to. If this is legit, I would be very interested in using it. However when I ran a search, I came up with two initial sources - and there may be more, I stopped at two.

Now, I was going to ask you which one (if either) was the one and post the two names of the sites, however that's going to see your thread in the Commercial Section, so I won't. What I have done, is message you instead. Please feel free to ignore this if you wish, as I know you will share the info in some way at some point in the future.

--- 帖子 #1064 ---
[quote=lemercenaire;12524334]{quote} I have used similar techniques using prop software I no longer have access to.

Hello Lem,

ATAS is not the only professional software, there are many good trading platforms available on the internet. I have also been using ATAS for a few months now and have already found some bugs. The software is currently optimal for my needs, but there are significantly cheaper trading platforms. If I am not satisfied, I change the platform. It really does not matter which platform you use, the crucial thing is that the stock market data is translated so, that you can do something with it.

best regards

--- 帖子 #1065 ---
Cool. I was interested in the specific indicator you were talking about above post, #1064.

--- 帖子 #1066 ---
Hello lemercenaire,

the indicator calls Multi Market Powers

best regards

--- 帖子 #1067 ---
First of all, thank you Michael for this very informative thread. Those who understand the value of the information you are sharing here would have to appreciate your work (which I do )

I just wanted to mention that my successful machine learning based scalper Expert Advisor is fundamentally based on Order Flow. The velocity and acceleration of the market are just two of a pool of features that the model employs. But without Order Flow, in my experience, the long time trade results in a large drawdown (although with overall good profit). I get Order Flow by combining different available sources on the net - both free and paid (Free sources such as MyFxBook community outlook, I do not mention paid services in this forum). Hope this further emphasizes the importance of Order Flow (the equilibrium) for those who are looking for a profitable long term trading strategy.

--- 帖子 #1068 ---
[quote=MathTrader7;12527548]First of all, thank you Michael for this very informative thread.

Hello Matt,

Thank you for the great compliment for our blog. I've been following your work for years and am impressed with your knowledge and experience. That's the advantage of FF. It's hard to filter out the really good information, but once you've found it, it'll make things easier. I am convinced that many traders benefit from your great ideas.

best regards

--- 帖子 #1069 ---
EURUSD where is the journey going?

Hello dear subscribers,

For over ten years I have been acting on the principle of demand and supply. That means before I start trading daily, I get an overview of the current market situation. Of course I am not able to determine the future course of the price, but I am able to identify certain resistance zones where the price may be turn.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

No matter which system you work with, you usually need a reference course for it. For example, a strong POC from the past. When a price goes up, I took the downtrend as the reference price before. When the price goes down, I need the reference price of the uptrend from the past. Our current reference price from the past is in 2016 2017.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

At the moment we are in a very interesting resistance zone, which we want to take a closer look at. On April 24, 2017, the EURUSD had a large gap of 178.5 pip. This gap was exceptional because of its size. I do not care if the price goes down to close this big gap or not. Crucial for me is a completely different matter.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

After the price had gone down from 1.40 to 1.03, a large sideways market arose over two years. At point A, there was a very large demand market pushing up the price. Point B once again resulted in a very strong supply market, which pushed down the price sharply. At point C they tried to push the price up again, but the weekend came in between. In the next week, the first price requests were almost 180 pip higher and it was a big gap. In principle, this gap is a great resistance for me because it was a very strong demand market at the time of its creation. It is not important for me now whether the gap is actually closed or not. For me, only the reference price is crucial to which I can orientate myself.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

To compare this reference price with the current price, you would have to juxtapose the two yellow-bordered windows.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

That would look something like this, where December 2004 was compared to January 2018. There is an interesting indicator developed by the outstanding programmer Nicholishen. With the help of this indicator, we can place the two windows side by side in a diagram in real time. The POC lines that we draw in window 1 in 2017 will automatically be taken over in the second window. No matter what time unit, no matter how many diagrams, all drawings are transferred exactly to the second window. I have already published a detailed report on this procedure in February 2018. I will gladly provide the link for you.

Simply draw POC from the past

One of the reasons why I like to work with the EURUSD is the detailed history. The more course information is available, the more accurate I am able to create a concrete POC. However, you should update its history database in MT4. You can find a video in my link.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

If I go back three years and want to see the reference price and the current price in two different charts, the time keeping is a decisive factor. Three years equals about 780 trading days. In the M 30 are 37,440 candles, that the MT 4 would have to provide me with, so I can look at the price history three years ago. Since I have 50.494 candles from the M30 in my course history, this is no problem in this case. A smaller time unit is not possible because the required history is not available.

For the analysis of a possible price course this indicator is an indispensable tool. Thank you very much to Nicholishen for this great idea.

I wish you a very successful trading day and a nice weekend

best regards

--- 帖子 #1070 ---
Dump Money against Smart Money

Hello dear traders,

Never buy the euphoria for the start of trading is a stock exchange rule that often comes true in the EURUSD. The institutional money "smart money" waits for a while, while in early trading, the private investors (like also unflattering "dump money" called) exposed motivated. The fear of missing something is very strong.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Point A

A footprint chart is basically a zoom-in to the candle. On the left side, we see the number of lot that have been traded on the bid. On the right side, we see the number of lot traded on the ask. Trading on the ask means that the traders buy the euro and trading the bid means the traders buy the dollar. The color-highlighted numbers represent an imbalance within the candle. We do not want to deal with this imbalance today.

Point B

Here is a graphical representation of the volume delta. It shows the result between Ask and Bid. In the first candle, 649 lot were traded on the ask and 721 on the bid. 72 Lot more Bid as Ask were traded, so the delta is negative.

Point C

In the cluster statistics you can see the summary again. The session delta is the summary of bid and ask for the entire trading day. We see that the total 4905 Lot Delta is in the positive range.

Point D

The blue line is basically a graphical representation of the session delta. In the stock market there is now the interesting possibility to group this session delta into different lot.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In the Euro FX, we look at the price development on Friday. For the big players we have chosen a range from at least 17 lot to 200 lot , which is shown with a red line. For the Dump Money we have chosen a range of a maximum of 1 lot, which is shown with a green line. The minimum bet in the futures market is 1 lot. We assume that someone who invests only 1 lot loses with a higher probability than someone who invests between 17 to 200 lot . Point A shows the overall price development in the 32 Tickchart, the price trend is bullish. Point B shows the delta of the big player and point C the delta of dump money. While the delta of the big players is also bullish, the delta of the dump money is bearish. Since both deltas calculate values of different sizes, they are calculated in two different fields to make the percentage change clearer. The Dump Money shown here is in more than 90% of the cases wrong during the day. From this one could derive an assumption. When the smart money moves in the opposite direction to the dump money, I follow the smart money. During the course of the day, smart money shows the possible price trend. However, one should be careful in the absorption phases, there the smart money will run in the opposite direction.

Inserted Video

Here is a video as an excerpt from the afternoon

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Let's look at a section of the 128 tickchart within the day. At the blue arrow the number of volume deltas of the big players increases strongly, also the price course is bullish. The question: Was there bought Euros or sold dollars to push the price up? Why is this information important?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Point A

If the market price in the EURUSD rises, it means that the euro is stronger and / or the dollar weakens. If the market price falls, the dollar is stronger and / or the euro weaker. You will also receive excellent information in MT 4 about the currency strength. I have already reported on the currency strength indicator several times.

Point B

When someone presses the buy button in the EURUSD, he buys the euro and at the same time sells the dollar. Once he has reached his take profit and gets out, it means he is selling the euro and buying the dollar at the same time. If the price moves down after the entry and triggers the stop, the euro is being sold and the dollar is being bought. When someone presses the sell button, the opposite happens.

How does that help us?

When we are in an accumulation phase, the big players in this sideways market are increasingly buying in a large number of Ask. Before pushing up the price, you usually want to get rid of smaller traders who also bought Ask. That's also logical, because if they take the smaller dealers up, they will eventually get off. When the smaller traders get out, they have to sell the euro and buy the dollar at the same time. Depending on how many get off on the way up, this could slow down the course significantly. To avoid this scenario, before the actual eruption, there is an outbreak down, with the aim of stop fishing. So, once you've identified an accumulation phase, in the forex market, with an 8-tick chart, you'll be able to see when trader stops are triggered. At that moment you normally only see the course go down fast and hard. Many then assume that it is a breakout down, get in and get stopped.

Point C

If the price goes up, you should always ask yourself whether the euro is being bought or the dollar is being sold. If the price goes down you should always ask yourself if the euro is sold or the dollar is bought. This question can be answered a bit easier with the stock market data, but usually this will be a big challenge. In certain market situations, this approach may help further.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Let's take another look at the previous example. At first the price went up and there was a sideways market with a slight upward tendency. The bullish volume has fallen, so many traders have assumed that the market is now down. The big players pushed up the market again with a high number of Ask, triggering the traders' stops. As a result, the market has been pushed up again. At the top high, the big player has sold his euro while buying additional dollars. That pushed the price down sharply. After that, the course went down. Of course, this situation must not have happened the same way, but it helps if you know how a big player in the market. The more accurate you become in this area, the more likely you are to be able to see certain course progression ahead. Of course, we are fooling ourselves regularly, but if you try to implement those ideas, you will most likely be able to optimize your profits. It is very important in the sideways or equilibrium to pay close attention to whether the big players buy more Ask or Bid. This absorption in the Ask or Bid are rarely handled with large contacts, but algorithms help the big player to perform the absorption in small numbers. Nevertheless, one is immediately able to determine in the chart that the positive delta of the big players rises sharply. At the same time, there is often a negative delta in volume within the sideways market. In this case, it is an accumulation and you just have to wait for the right entry up.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In addition to the ability to group the volume delta into different lot, I'd like to see the change in the total delta. On the right side you can see the time, Bid and Ask and next to it the session delta. With this information you can capture the market situation faster.

Who wants to swim with the big sharks, must know how they move and why. That's why I started to deal with these big players a few years ago. I've found it's very hard to catch the breakouts and get pulled up or down. Therefore, the crucial phases are the sideways markets where I can trade back and forth within Vol H and Vol L. Nevertheless, it is possible to take the breakout phases with you and then let the course run for a few hours. If they are able to think like a big player, they are also able to guess where most of the trader's stops are and can accurately see when those stops are triggered.

If you move your take profit too fast in strong up or down phases, you will be stopped relatively quickly. When the price move up I often put my stop under the second low, when the price move down I put my stop over the second high. Should I be stopped then I'm not annoyed, because I earn my money in the sideways phases and not in the breakout phases. If I could get through a breakout and follow the big player up or down, I'm glad because it's a nice extra income. If I'm stopped at the second low or high, I have not lost any money. I do not work with a traling stop, because he is not able to recognize the strategy of the big players. Moreover, every situation is unique and not predictable from the outset. So I decided not to work with an autopilot. My favorite folders are the Market folders, where I've gotten used to buying in a falling price and selling in a rising price. If I have calculated the resistance zone correctly, I am thus faster in the profit.

Awareness of the market is crucial. Similar to a piano book with notes, the price history in EURUSD also tells us a story. We have to translate this story and we need to be able to see what is happening right now by the price history. When I am in the market during the day, I also try to interpret the courses and find out who is battling against whom. Over time, you will be able to more accurately identify trends and course trends. Of course, there are also days for me that does not work at all and I am completely wrong. Then you just take a break, get back in later or wait for the next day. The worst thing is boredom trades or revenge trades, because you think you have to make a profit. There are days when nothing works properly, then you should not act.

It also does not matter if you lose 1% in a day, much more crucial is how the result looks at the end of the month. If you deal with some of these things in the future, the monthly result could be much better. I wish you that from my heart.

A great weekend and a great start to the new week

best regards

--- 帖子 #1071 ---
Just one word Master ... BRILLIANT! kk

your method is still so advanced to me, definitely it is one of the most important missing in my knowledge ... but I think i can catch the basic idea after reading some of your posts & will try to study more if have spare time!

//

btw, your footprint chart,... & volume delta seem not available for Mt4, isnt it?

have a good day master!

--- 帖子 #1072 ---
[quote=aPhong;12531896]{quote} Just one word Master ... BRILLIANT! kk your method is still so advanced to me, definitely it is one of the most important missing in my knowledge ...

Hello aPhong,

First of all thank you for your kind words for this blog, I pass this compliment on to all subscribers who support this blog. Without them the blog would not be what it is today. For a master I'm unfortunately still too young, my findings are based solely on experience that I have made over the years. And experience is usually painful and less masterful. Masterfully, on the other hand, are the results, the big players, who every year put on a performance that we all dream of. I am very happy if this blog helps you, because that's why it was launched. For your question about the Footprintchart please read the following article:

Footprintchart in the forex market?

A rough overview of the different topics can be found here.

The best chance to win

I wish you a lot of fun and even greater success.

best regards

--- 帖子 #1073 ---
Strong up, or down a bit?

Hello dear subscribers,

As I suspected a few days ago, the course is exactly at the gap, that arose in April 2017 failed and again run up. Courses often have a habit of closing gaps. This gap was special because it was almost 180 pip. On the other hand, gaps at their starting point are also considered a kind of resistance, since from this price level a strong move to the top took place. I would like to describe some scenarios without giving an outlook on a future share price because I am unable to do so.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Above and below the gap are two resistance zones that I have drawn. In between there are two more resistance zones where the course could fail first. As I said earlier, it's pure speculation and most likely it will be different.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

At the same time, in a market profile, I looked at the price development in the weekly chart within the Euro FX. Just below the Value Low is within the Market Profile a zone where there is less interest. (Point A) Interestingly, this zone is exactly where the price would be able to close the gap (Point B). This would be a price target of 1.08145 in the Euro FX and a price target of 1.07545 in the EURUSD, if we did subtract the current swap. However, this would mean that the gap is not closed in EURUSD. I could imagine that the swap may change to close the gap in both cases. Interestingly, the gap has been one of the strongest moves in the entire uptrend to 1,255. This could potentially cause a major turnaround that will bring the course north again next year. On the left side we can see how much the downtrend of 1.40 has gone down. Initially, this has caused a steep downward trend from 1.255, which has calmed down a bit.

A second scenario is the possibility that the price on the now existing resistance zone (point C), goes up. This resistance zone lies at the bottom of a very strong weekly candle, which has also run strong upwards. With a downtrend running on average 40% faster than an uptrend, I would be more pleased if the price continues to move downwards than if we see another moderate upward trend for another year or two. As of January 2017, the EURUSD began its upward trend, the course has gone up on some days over 100 pip and I thought, he can not continue, he has to turn sometime. But the course continued unabated. Fortunately, with the volume information from the futures market, we are a bit further ahead and can actually see if there is any further buying interest. Maybe we are now at a crossroads, it goes still a bit down or strong up. At best, we will see a nice sideways market until next year. In such situations, I am glad that I am not a swing trader and can take the small moves with me. What we can say with certainty, it will certainly be very exciting until Christmas.

I wish you a successful trading day

best regards

--- 帖子 #1074 ---
Avoid stop fishing

Hello dear traders,

When I started to trade, I thought the big players were after me, as they fished my stops over and over in the outbreaks. It is indeed annoying when you have made a correct forecast but still makes losses. This is because most retailers have positioned their stops at a similar price level and the big players know that very well. Why are the big players in the wrong outbreaks interested in fishing the stops from traders? Now, first and foremost, the big player can get liquidity and improve its position. At the same time he throws all trader out of the game he would otherwise have pulled up. Although this is not a problem for the big player in the beginning, it becomes a problem when the first ones get out of the market and thus slow down the course. This solves the big player two problems in one fell swoop, the market unfortunately works like this.

These outbreaks with stopFishing are most likely to occur in the accumulation and distribution phases. With a little flair, you may be able to avoid the mistakes in the future. I would like to give you a few examples and a few tips on how to avoid this in the future.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here we see a 512 tick chart in the EURUSD from August 23rd. On the left side we see course down again and flows into a sideways market. At point A, the price seems to rise again, but that happened a short time and then there was a downtrend again. In the equilibrium point B is the course goes slowly up, that has a very specific reason we will look closer. At point C is a false breakout after that, the course runs 100 pip above. Of course, this works in the opposite direction in a distribution. If we look closely, we realize that we have to deal with many false outbursts several times a day because they are not just in the accumulation and distribution phases.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

One way you should pay attention is the market profile. At the points A, B and C we recognize a kind p in the form of the profile. This is often an indication that the course may possibly goes down again. Oppositely there is the b that often signals an upward trend. Of course you can not always rely on the market profile. In that case it would of course have worked. Please note, however, that this market profile unfortunately does not work in the MT 4 because, as already mentioned, there is no concrete volume. I will publish a separate article on this.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

At point A and B, the big player would have had the opportunity to buy Ask and then push the price higher. In the outbreak is striking that he does not run under the last low, but that does not always necessarily happen. The background is this: if the big player pushes the price down, he does not have to invest too much in that, because he knows that there are the stops of the traders there. As soon as the first stops are triggered, a kind of chain reaction develops and in our case the course accelerates downwards. Possibly the big player would have had to kick again, but he has renounced in this case. When the course triggered the stoppages, the big player closed its position immediately and threw an additional buy order into the market. As a result, the price has gone up very high. At this high point, many traders have dropped out and the big player has bought many of these orders and pushed the price further up.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Let's take a brief look at the Equilibrium phase just before the outbreak. At point A and B we see a strong negative delta. This means that in this candle more Bid than Ask has been traded. Nevertheless, the price has risen rather than fallen, which shows that someone has bought at this point so the price could not continue to run down.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

As we zoom in on this equilibrium it becomes clear that there was a very good way to buy Ask.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

For a better overview, I have aggregated the footprint chart. You can now see more effectively what has been done on each level. Overall, the big player would have had the opportunity to buy in the nine candles 7800 Lot Ask. Of course that would not have been possible because there are other market participants. But I'm convinced that he has shopped here again.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

With the horizontal volume representation, you can see very well in which area was heavily purchased.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

More interesting for me is the horizontal volume delta, because it can represent the zone a little more accurately. In the volume delta you see a clear surplus in the area of the ask, for many traders this is an indication that thr price has to go up. However, one does have to do exactly the opposite in order not to lose. So, first of all, act down. The moment the other traders' stops are triggered, this is a fast and clean business. However, one must not be so greedy otherwise the nice profit is faster away than you can blink. Green deltas at the outbreak signify the activation of stop-sellers and entry into a trap of reckless buyers. Red deltas in the support push mean the activation of stop-loss effects of the buyers and the entry into a trap of reckless sellers. Of course, that always depends on the time unit.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Although the forex market is one of the heaviest markets in the world, there is a very interesting strategy in this tough game. You have to earn your money where others lose a lot. And that's exactly the moment where the trader stops are caught. The advantage of this false breakout is that it is very fast and usually gives you a good chance of winning. Wherever they lose the most money you have the chance to win the most. So it is very interesting to act the wrong outbreaks. However, one should also know that it is a false breakout and realize its profit as quickly as possible. If you are still fast enough you have the opportunity to act in the opposite direction.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In order to become professional in this area you should always know where you are right now. Therefore, it is essential to determine if you are currently in an accumulation or in a distribution phase. With a little practice, this can be achieved over time and as soon as the first gains are achieved it is even fun.

I can only give the recommendation to get into the position of the big players. In my recent contribution from Dump Money and Smart Money, I showed you the positions of each trader. I admit that sometimes I do not know exactly what the big players are planning to do, but then I focus on the retail traders and just do the opposite. Of course, this does not always work because sometimes the retail traders are right. But that is usually only for a short duration.

In 1912, G.C.Selden wrote the book: The Psychology of the Stock Market, citing an interesting wisdom:

The biggest mistake of 99% of investors is that they are optimistic at high prices and pessimistic at low.

Likewise, the following quote comes from him:

I believe that the desire to find a simple mechanical formula accounts for most of the losses on the stock market.

Perhaps to stop the attitude of finding the holy grail and concentrating on the essential facts in the market could lead to a more profitable future. The correct stock market data could be a solution.

I wish you a successful week

best regards

--- 帖子 #1075 ---
Thank you so much for great knowledge Master! .. recently, the first thing for me to do in the morning is checking whether you have a new cool post haha!

... in my head... Its been always a big question that How the hell MMs can effectively use their Algos to secretly load their Orders & trick Small Money while still creating very nice PA at the same time ... that sucks!

--- 帖子 #1076 ---
In 1912, G.C.Selden wrote the book: The Psychology of the Stock Market, citing an interesting wisdom:

Attached

--- 帖子 #1077 ---
Volume in forex

Hello dear subscribers,

As promised in my last post, I would like to go into more detail on the volume in the forex market. First of all, it is important to know how the volume is calculated in the forex market and future market.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

We start at point A in the futures market and take an M1 candle as an example. There are market participants who buy dollars (Bid) and market participants who buy the Euro (Ask). In a footprint chart, the number of bid and ask on a price level is juxtaposed. The numbers in this candle are the number of Lot traded within Bid and Ask at each price level. This is a bit different at Forex Market Point B. The volume is calculated here from the ticks. A tick corresponds to a price change within the forex market. However, the number of ticks has nothing to do with the amount of Lot within Bid and Ask.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Let's take a look at an example from the exchange-regulated market, where there are concrete and comprehensible information that is the same for everyone. Here is a short snapshot of 6 minutes in a 1 tickchart from last night. A tick means a trading transaction that has led to a price change. We can see that up to 25 lots have been traded within a trade to bring about a price change. Up to 20:00 CET last night, 204,000 Lot were traded, an average of three Lot per second. on the right side you can see a footprint, on the left side the number of traded lot and next the number of trades. In the middle candle 63 Lot with 42 trades were carried out within 1 minute. This means that tick volume indicates the number of trading transactions. We know, that the volume in the Forex market indicates the number of trades, while the volume in the stock market reflects the number of traded lot. We compare apples to pears. The only reason a price moves is the number of traded lot on the Bid and Ask and not the number of trades.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Let's take a closer look at this in the exchange-regulated market. Within 23 trading days, the daily ask, bit and total volume have been analyzed.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

On the left side you can see the calculation of the volume and below that the calculation of the ticks. On October 12, 304,008 lots were traded in 165,768 ticks or price changes. At first glance, the two tables look similar, but on closer inspection and there are significant differences. On the right side, I have listed the individual days exactly. At Point A you can see the traded Ask and Bid. The number of ask and bid is almost identical, which is also logical, because a trade always involves a buyer and a seller. At Point B, we see that the average daily trading volume was 158,155 lot. PointC: On average, there have been 90,954 trade changes or ticks per day. Point D: On average, 1.73 Lot were involved in a price change. You can see that the volume / tick value changes, there are deviations up to 30%, in the overview on the left side you can not see that.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here on the left side we can see again the average ticks of 90.954 in the 23 trading days in the stock exchange market. The volume in the forex market refers to the ticks and there were on average 80,123 ticks during the 23 trading days. Since the Forex EURUSD is much more volatile than the Future Euro FX, I doubt the correctness of the volume in the Forex market.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

As I have proven with videos several times, the movements in EURUSD and Euro FX are almost identical. The price difference results exclusively from the swaps. In the stock market, you do not expect pip but ticks. When the futures market moves one tick, the forex market changes by 5 pipettes. Often you can see that the price in the futures market remains at a certain price level, while in the forex market the price moves back and forth. So if the volatility in the forex market is significantly higher than in the futures market, the tick volume in the forex must be higher.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

As we know, the EURUSD Forex market is about 100 times larger than Future Euro FX. If the calculation of the ticks in the forex market were correct, this would mean that in the forex market within a tick a volume of 212 Lot and in the futures market just under two Lot are traded.

What speaks against, that the number of the volume in the Forex market is right?

This is clearly counteracted by the higher volatility that takes place in the forex market. If we have 10 price levels in the futures market, than we have in the forex market 50 price levels. This also speaks for a higher volatility in the forex market.

What speaks for that the number of the volume in the Forex market is right?

Since the forex market is 100 times larger than the futures market, it would be logical that the number of plumb bobs per tick should be 100 times greater. Another argument that speaks for it is, that very few retail traders actually trade in the Forex market, basically only through the platform of each broker. Most brokers do business internally. That means, only from the time when there are more buyers than sellers, the brokers secure themselves over the Forex market. This hedge is usually a higher number of Lot. That would explain that in the forex market, in fact, only a higher number of lot would be traded. Effectively, I am convinced that the volume in the forex market is not correct, because if you trade exactly in volume, you would lose in 90% of the time. Moreover, in the interbank market, the actual volume is obscured, since the banks themselves have to protect themselves. We know that many banks earn up to 60% of their annual profits through the forex market.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

If we know that the price movements in the Forex and Future are moving in parallel, then the volume would have to behave in parallel in parallel. As we can see in this comparison, this is not the case. The volume calculated here in Forex is the volume we receive from our broker and this volume is clearly wrong.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I now had the crazy idea not to use the volume of the broker, but to calculate from the price of the Forex market. You can see this calculated volume from the price in the middle. Although it does not yet approach the volume of the futures market, it is much more accurate than the calculated volume of the broker. I am convinced that this calculation can perform much better calculation in the forex market than the volume of the broker. That is why I will once again provide this indicator today.

Conclusion:

The interbank market is the largest market in the world and the largest banks see this platform as an excellent way to maximize their profits. This market is not regulated by the stock exchange, so there is no reason for the banks, that we can look into their cards. That's why the volume we're seeing is definitely wrong. Even if we could see the concrete volume of the banks, that would not help us. The volume is nothing but the result of Bid and Ask. But to make trading decisions, you must seen the number of Bid and Ask on each price level side by side. This information is not available in the forex market. That is why I use the stock market data to obtain detailed information which I can then implement in the forex market. I hope I have been able to show you exactly why volume trading in the Forex market brings more losses than profits. The indicator I provide will work better than the volume of the broker, but stock market data remains the best choice.

However, there is a small bright spot in the forex market, the calculation of the price is correct depending on which broker you use. The price arises from the ticks. This means that if you want to break down the price in order to better recognize resistance zones, you should only work in the tickchart in the future. Over that I will publish another article in the next few days.

I wish you a successful day

Best regards

Attached File(s)   Bid-Ask Indicator.ex4

13 KB
|
979 downloads

--- 帖子 #1078 ---
Hello aPhong,

Thanks again for your kind compliment, I am very happy that the information help you. The approach of big players is unfair and only a disadvantage for those who do not know what is happening in the market. For those who know it is a big advantage over some 100,000 other traders. And that fact is more positive than the fact that the big players are unfair. If you are able to follow the big player, you are also unfair to the other traders. Those who want to earn money in this tough market must be unfair. Unfortunately that's how it is. Since I often manage to follow the big player, I am also unfair, but I inform our subscribers about my approach and possibly relieves me a little.

best regards

--- 帖子 #1079 ---
Dear Mr Bionic,

I am very fortune to find your blog.I read it every single day,trying to identify equilibrium of the market by practing draw supply and demand zone and I hope oneday can using future data to have a depth understanding of the market. As a novice trader of this concept,is this possible if I using line chart to draw equilibrium ?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Thanks and best regards.

--- 帖子 #1080 ---
Another great post master!

//

No doubt that FX Volume is not reliable & personally I do notice lots of weird fluctuations ... but its easy to understand because Small Money looks at the chart to trade while Big Players dont & the only thing that catch their eye may be Small Money's SLs ... so why not fake st a little, e.g : Volume & VSA traders

...

about your Bid-Ask volume indi ... I think the idea is brilliant. One of the best benifit of using Volume is that you have something independent from Price & advoid the lagging issues ... but as you said your Indi derives from Price & to me thats the problem

perhaps, the only thing we can do is to find a reliable broker & always pray for it? kkk

have a good day master!

--- 帖子 #1081 ---
[quote=bigdee;12537723]Dear Mr Bionic, I am very fortune to find your blog.

Hello bigdee,

Thanks a lot for the great compliment, maybe this blog has the luck to win you as a future successful trader, because your experiences you make here, are also important for many beginners. Your question is not easy to answer. Basically, there is no right or wrong on the stock market, so you can work with a line chart. While a normal candle receives four pieces of information (OHLC), I only have 3 pieces of information (HLC) to process with the Bionic candle. The line chart is formed exclusively from the close of the price. The disadvantage is that certain highs or lows of a price are not presented. But within the highs and lows, there are often important pullbacks that contain vital information about resistance zones. The smaller the unit of time, the more accurate the line chart becomes. In a 8 Tickchart I could imagine a line chart, but you have to try it yourself. Tomorrow I will post an important contribution to the tickchart. The line chart is very popular with beginners because it does not contain that much information. But for me extensive information is crucial. The more extensive and profound they are, the more accurate statements can be made. However, this refers to the future stock market data. The futures market is significantly lighter than the Forex market, so I would advise any beginner to start with the futures data. Not to trade there, just to use the information. At first glance, the forex market looks easier than the futures market. The brokers lets us believe this, who are making terrific money with it. Just a MT4 download for free, the right indicator  and after flowing the millions. That's why ESMA reduced leverage from 1: 1000 to 1:30. Not because the traders are not mature, but to protect them from the tricks of brokers. They make us believe that tomorrow we can be millionaires. The only ones who make millions are the brokers. But there are also some that are fair, but they nevertheless earn more than their customers. A business is good when both have some of it. The brokers have now understood this and some are already on the right track. I know a lot of traders who lost $ 50,000 in the beginning, I just lost a few $ 1,000 at the beginning because I was ready to invest. We all know that what costs nothing is often worth less. Of course this does not always apply and in this case refers only to the stock market. Forex trainer you should avoid, invest in trading software and get to know the futures market, the prices are basically the same as in the Forex market, but with more specific information. Trading futures data in Forex is the optimal alternative. On Youtube you get enough information to educate you for free. But remember, that there is also advertising made to get your money. Here at FF you also get valuable information from professional traders, but here too there are scammers. But this speaks up quickly here at FF and so you can quickly separate the wheat from the chaff. The way you write, you seem to have common sense, so I believe you have a chance if you are willing to work hard and efficiently for the next few years. There is no substitute for experience, and unfortunately it takes a lot of time.

Best wishes

--- 帖子 #1082 ---
[quote=aPhong;12538071]{quote} Another great post

Hello aPhong,

I agree with you in a few things, but the price and time in Forex is the best representation you can get. The volume is, as I have proved in my last post, definitely wrong. Unfortunately, there is no Bid and Ask in forex, but you can use a tickchart to get closer to a candle and determine certain resistance zones that you can not recognize in a normal time unit. The tickchart is time-independent and, depending on the data stream, also restrictedly independent of the price. I will publish a detailed report tomorrow. I work with a broker that gives me exact price and time data, so for me, profitable trading in forex is possible. Unfortunately, the volume data is wrong, but I have never worked with volume data in forex. That is probably why my losses at the beginning were very small. The candle chart is nothing more than an indicator and it is also derived from the price and time. As well as most of the indicators. In order to have a chance in the forex market, I recommend working exclusively in the tickchart. Of course this is also possible in the timechart, but it takes a lot more years to be profitable. That's just my personal opinion. Incidentally, many analysts of the big players in the forex market are also working with charts to locate the retail traders. Popular instruments include Fibonacci, the EMA 200 and the RSI. To fight one's enemies, one has to know his strategies. This is especially true for the big players because they want our money. And because most of us rely on the Forex data, 95% lose their money. That alone is a reason to look for other alternatives. The odds of winning in roulette (black or red) is 48.6%. The probability to double its wager in the forex market is 1:19 or 5.2%. So it's almost 10 times more likely to win at roulette. In the futures market the probability is 1: 6 or 16.6%. That's three times better than in Forex, but still three times worse than roulette. Since the price on the stock exchange develops randomly, here too it is all about probabilities. We always have to remember who we are trade against in the forex market. These are the best investors in the world, the elite or a world champion team, how should a beginner have a long-term and realistic chance? But hope never dies. The only chance you have is to beat the big players with their own weapons. This includes courage, respect and a very special creativity. And exactly this creativity is analyzed, described and implemented in this blog together with great subscribers and traders.

best regards

--- 帖子 #1083 ---
[quote=Bionics;12539519]
"I agree with you in a few things ..." Its a real honour for me!

Cool statistics as well, Ive been only working with candlestick(OHLC) chart ... so Its going to be interesting to know how to take avantage of tickchart data to increase the odds.

...cant wait for your series posts of TickChart utilization!

have a good day master!

best regards,

--- 帖子 #1084 ---
Hi Bionics,

1. I read your posts regularly, . Yours insights help me a lot in getting a big picture.

May I request you to split the text in a way that they are a relief to eyes. Please use smaller paras. thank you.

2. Please share your views and tools on how to scan the futures markets for patterns that precede consolidation phase or periods based on three dimensions: vertical range , horizontal time and volume. I want to avoid consolidation stage to enter and suffer psychological pain.

Thank you.

--- 帖子 #1085 ---
[quote=simnz;12540401]{quote}{quote} Hi Bionics, 1. I read your posts regularly, . Yours insights help me a lot in getting a big picture.

Hallo Simnz,

I'm always happy when readers on this blog can expand their insights and get a better overview of the whole. Thanks also for your comment, to split my text easier. I've been trying for a few years now, but if you think German and write a translation into English is already a challenge. If this text is further then translated into Chinese, it is inevitable that complications will occur. But I will gladly work on it, thank you.

Your suggestion:

Please share your views and tools on how to scan the futures markets for patterns that precede consolidation phase or periods based on three dimensions: vertical range , horizontal time and volume. I want to avoid consolidation stage to enter and suffer psychological pain.

Basically, I would like to point out once again that this blog is a project. A project means that everyone participates to achieve a common goal. If there were new insights, I always shared them immediately in the past. I do not live from this blog and get for my knowledge here no money. It takes a lot of time to write a detailed report and document it with pictures. I like to do it voluntarily and I am happy if I can help beginners and traders. To express oneself wisely is not decisive, but to be understood.. That's why I try to use a simple language. I realize that this is not something everyone likes.

As a scalper I still earn my money with supply and demand within the sideways markets. With 10 years of trading experience in this market, I am far from being a professional. I use my creativity to assert myself in this market. My view of the market is unconventional and may be wrong for some. But in the end, I have to take the risk when I press buy or sell.

Our project # 7 is an attempt to use the futures market data for trading in the forex market. There are certainly a few traders who are trying to do the same, but not in the approach I have been seeking. This project is a journey and it is not about traveling as fast as possible, but arriving rested. Basically, I like to comply with a request, but for me it seems to be more of a claim. Perhaps because of the translation from Chinese into English and then into German, I misinterpreted your issues. If so, you are certainly able to correct the possible misunderstandings .

I wish you a succesfull day

best regards

--- 帖子 #1086 ---
[quote=aPhong;12539998] Hello aPhong,

You should not consider my approval an honor. In trading, there are hardly any differences between beginners and advanced. The only difference is the experience, nothing more, nothing less. In a random market, a beginner can often be better than a pro. I know that you value me, but I do not feel like a master. I'm not any better than anyone else on this blog. That's why I prefers to call me Michael as master, then I feel better.

Thanks and best regards

--- 帖子 #1087 ---
Why a tickchart provides the better information

Hello dear traders,

In my last post volume in Forex, I have specifically pointed out why the volume in Forex market can not be displayed correctly. However, the price and time presentation in the forex market is very accurate. Unfortunately, we have only 9 different time units in the MT4 of which a scalper can use the maximum of the M1, M5 and M15. This is a relatively small area where you move. In addition, the information within an M1 is very poor and little meaningful. Although the determined volume from the ticks is not correct, but you have the chance within a tick chart, the prices of the Forex market to break it down better. This makes it easier, especially as a scalper, to detect resistance zones more efficiently and faster. Additionally, within the tick chart you can optimize and change your time units in ticks. This can identify resistance zones that are impossible to recognize for most traders who work in a normal time chart. At the end of the article I will give an example of this claim.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In the picture we compare the EURUSD H4 with the EURUSD in a 16384 tick chart on the forex market. The main advantage of a tick chart lies in the resolution of the individual candles. When volatility is low, fewer candles are formed. With a high volatility significantly more candles are formed, which simplifies the overview and the drawing of resistors. In a breakout, a strong candle in the M1 will not do you any good. With a tickchart you may get a total of 30 candles instead of a candle and can immediately recognize the resistances. We see that the price trend on the chart of H4 and T16384 is almost identical. Under the respective charts is the bit and ask indicator, which I already posted in my last post.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I have now enlarged this indicator to show the differences. It is undisputed that this indicator transmits significantly more information within a 16,384 tick chart. Let us first change to a smaller unit of time to see the concrete benefits.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

We are here in the M1 EURUSD. Within 17 minutes, 17 candles are formed. The Bid and Ask indicator also gives you 17 pieces of candle information. For a scalper, that's relatively little information with which he can actually do something.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

We now create a 64-tick chart and receive 25 instead of 17 candles during the same period. At the same time, the information in the bid and ask indicator is almost 50% larger.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

42 candles are already being created in a 32 tickchart. That's 150% more information in the bid and ask indicator as well.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The 16 Tick Chart already reveals 92 candles within 17 minutes. The Moving Average EMA 200 already gives better information here than in the M1. Personally, I pay less attention to the EMA 200, this should only serve as an example.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

For me, the smallest time unit within a tick chart, with which you can still work well, is the T08. While there are 17 candles in the M1, the T 08 already displays 187 candles - 11 times more information. This information is much more meaningful to a scalper, and it makes resistance zones easier to create. If the volatility in the morning is still very low, you can work well with a T08. If the volatility in the afternoon rises sharply, you can relatively easily increase the number of ticks displayed. This flexibility is irreplaceable for me and can not be compared to a timechart.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Now let's compare our bid and ask indicator in the M1 to a T 08. I believe it becomes clear that we get a lot more information in the T08, which we as Scalpers can implement very quickly. If that's too much information for you, you can simply turn up the tickchart. This guarantees your optimal time unit.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The example below is about creating resistance zones within the M1 and T08. The blue arrows mark the zone in question in the different time units. In the T08 you can see how the price has gone up and down again. In addition, two gaps were created, which clearly show the strength up and down. In the M1 you have only one wick in the same period of time with which you can not do anything at all.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here we see the result that results from the marked resistance zone. This resistance zone could never have been drawn in the M1, as this was simply not apparent. An additional important aspect is the recommendation to work with the Bionic candle. The last pullback in a candle is the deciding factor. This takes into account the Bionic candle. Detailed information can be found on this blog.

As Scalper I work in the tick chart most with the T08, T16, T32, T64, T128, T256 and T512. With one click, I can double or halve the tick units without leaving or changing the offline chart. To get a bigger overview it is not a problem to switch to higher tick units like the T16384. In combination with the Bionic candle, I am thus relatively easily able to determine resistance zones that are not recognizable in a unit of time. A tick arises due to a price change in the forex, which means with a tick chart I am closer to the actual resistance zones than with any other time unit. The downside is that a tickchart is not time-oriented like the M1. However, I do not care about the time and the price. In the forex market, I focus on my resistance zones and currency strength. Accumulation and distribution are much easier to identify in the tickchart than in a time chart. Anyway, I get the crucial information from the futures market, which makes it much easier for me to start a trade. I recommend experimenting with the tickchart to find out if it will personally benefit you. Of course I'm convinced of that, but you have to try it out first. This does not cost money, but valuable time. But as a successful trader, you always have to be prepared to invest, including your valuable time.

Here you get more information about the tick data. In addition, we compared and evaluated some providers of tick data.

Is a tickchart really beneficial?

Addendum to Post 906 Is a tickchart really beneficial?

First results in the project 4

Download and test a tick chart

I wish you a lot of success and I look forward to your feedback.

A nice weekend

best regards

--- 帖子 #1088 ---
Thanks Michael  ... thats a AHA moment for me! ... now everything makes sense to me, even your Bid-Ask volume indi.

...will test & who knows, may be will have a cool idea kk

//

I was always thinking that Im the only guy whos too crazy to ask for candlestick data of much smaller Timeframes from broker! e.g: 5 or 10-second TF chart.

But, now i know that as a Noob ... Im too ignorant instead!

have a good weekend Michael!

best wishes for you all!

--- 帖子 #1089 ---
Can you post a template for the bionic chart candle settings that you have on the chart. thank you

--- 帖子 #1090 ---
Hello MarkStep,

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

as desired, I like to post the template of my last post. For this you have to upload the 7 auxiliary indicators into your MT4. The resolution I have chosen in HD and not in Ultra 4K, so everyone can work with it. Please take a look at the explanation of the individual indicators in this blog. For optimal presentation I recommend a tickchart. The reason for this can be found in my last post. In addition to self-developed indicators, indicators from outstanding programmers such as Swingman, Cja, Sangmane and FX Sniper were used. For the great work again my special thanks to these creative traders.

I wish you a nice weekend

best regards

--- 帖子 #1091 ---
Thank you for your time and patience, really appreciate your knowledge and insights in this business.

Will spend the weekend catching up with some blogs and try to contribute in the following weeks.

Happy weekend and God Bless!

--- 帖子 #1092 ---
Thanks to all Subscriber

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Hello dear subscriber,

First of all, I would like to take this opportunity to thank all subscribers who support this blog while welcoming all new subscribers. There are different people in this blog with different intensions. We all have one goal in common: to get ahead in our knowledge and we can all be very proud of it. Winston Churchill has said two important things in his life: Personally, I am always ready to learn, although I do not want traditional instruction. I would like to take this principle to heart in this blog, because my view of the market is neither right nor wrong, just a hypothesis. And the hypotheses of today can be the knowledge of tomorrow. The second important sentence that Winston Churchill has coined is: "It is a great benefit in life to commit the mistakes you can learn from as early as possible. That's a very important key phrase for us traders. To avoid mistakes, you first have to identify errors.

This experience from other traders , will help us. An experienced trader needs to be willing to share his knowledge with others. From a successful trader you can learn how to do it, from a less successful trader you can learn what to avoid. For this reason, the experience of others is an important part of the path to success. If we avoid the mistakes that others have already made, we will save an incredible amount of time and money. This is basically an incredible treasure that you will appreciate later. Therefore, I would like to take this opportunity to thank all experienced traders who are willing to share their knowledge with others.

In general, we all try to determine at very short notice whether buyers or sellers are in control of the market. This creates ideas for a possible trade. The crazy thing about trading is that at first glance it seems very easy, the course goes up or down. Two options you can bet on, a 50% chance. But then one realizes that the probability in the forex market is 5.2% and in the futures market is 16.6%. Although the probability in roulette with 48.6% is much higher, but there is a decisive difference. The ball in roulette has no memory of what numbers it has already started. In trading, there are certain price zones where the big players could collect a certain amount of Bid or Ask to drive the price in a certain direction. These price zones can thus be active again and again. Because traders have a memory and this is the special opportunity. In trading you have more opportunities to exploit the odds in your favor than in gambling. But you need a lot of experience for that. Either you make this experience yourself, which usually takes many years. You can shorten the time significantly by relying on the experience of others.

To buy a book to learn I think thats alright, in addition to get over the Internet and FF many good information. I am less convinced by trainers who often offer unnecessary courses, strategies or trainings for expensive money. Successful traders who make real money in the stock market have no time to sell you anything. They are in the market every day and make an incredible amount of money. We all know how fast you can make money in this market. For a trader who acts profitably, however, a revenue from the sale of training would be very tiny. Most who offer training have failed with their strategy and have never been successful. A trader who get $ 500,000 a year would never bother to offer training for a few thousand dollars. In addition, no successful trader would reveal his system, because the more traders use this system, the less profitable it becomes. These sellers of training have become sluggish, they are no longer willing to take the high risk in trading and but nevertheless want to make a steady and secure income in the stock market.

But that does not correspond to the logic of the stock market. As a coach, you can not ask your students to take risks that you do not take on your own. Of course, these coaches show great trades where they have made a lot of money, but we all know how to do statistics great. Quite alarming, I find the recommendation of Forex brokers against commission. Either the recommender receives $ 300 or earns regularly from the losses of the recommended traders. From the commissions of the broker and his training fees, the coach buys a Lamborghini and signals the beginners how easy you can earn money in the stock market. That's perverted. I'm not jealous of these coaches because I've been trading my money for years and selling nothing. I find it only worrying, to enrich with false facts to people, who have their hope on the stock market.

It's easy to become a trader nowadays. You open a trader account and you're a trader. In the least professions this works. First you have to learn a profession, after 3 years you are a journeyman. After a few more years you have the opportunity to become a master. Only then you are allowed to open your own business. As a doctor, lawyer or notary, you must even learn 10 years before you can become self-employed. Traden is just as demanding as a master craftsman, doctor or lawyer. It takes a lot of time, money and passion.

As a trader we need a lot of time on the screen. Every day around the clock, candle for candle. Over time, you will grasp certain relationships that will help you to progress. Create a setup that suits your personality and optimize it. Work with a Trader day book, where you deposit all important information. This is crucial because you need statistics to find out which setup will help you. What values do you want to act and why? Which trading times are optimal for these values? Which Moneymanagement is required for your setup? Are you more of a Short or Long Trader? Are you a Scalper, a Daytrader or a Swing Trader? Do you trade better in the trend or in the counter trend? Which data in the forex or future market is crucial for you? Will you get along better with the DOM, the Footprintcharts or the Volume Profile in the Future Market? What information will help you to get in and out? Which indicators are required? What information do you need from the fundamental and technical analysis as well as from the chart technique? In what time units do you feel comfortable? Do you prefer to trade in the forex or the futures market? Which broker and which trading software are optimal? These are just a few questions you should answer.

Every trader has to assemble his own setup over the years, no one else can help you with that. Copying a setup from a successful trader and implementing it 1: 1 will not work in the long run. You always have to know for yourself why you do what, when and where best. You can use the experience of successful traders to save time, but you have to find your own optimal setup. This blog is a kind of buffet, you get information about different setups, probabilities and markets. There is no specific system that you need to follow to be successful. I know that is exhausting and time-consuming. Unfortunately, the market is too complicated to beat with a simple system. Do not let anyone tell you that. The biggest big players in the market would not put many millions of dollars into countless analysts, traders and tech if the market was easy. As a small trader, we do not have such a budget, so we have to follow in the footsteps of the world's largest financial professionals. And that's exactly what our blog is about. The disadvantage: It is more complex than a supposedly simple system. The advantage: If you manage to follow the big players, you will earn money in the long term. Remember: Goldman Sachs wins 225 days from 250 trading days. That's a quota of 90%. This is a convincing argument to go in search of the big players.

I sincerely wish you to achieve your goal in trading, I would be happy if this blog can help. Thanks again for your great support.

I wish you a nice Sunday

Best regards

--- 帖子 #1093 ---
Hi Bionics,

In view of the talk of Smart Money and dumb money, I have decided to shift to trading of indices since I feel this issue may not be there.

It will be purely the play of the trader's skills in reading market using right indicators for short-term and long-term detection having discipline to enter market not impulsively using no stop loss and discipline to get out when things are not working out identifying consolidation and avoid entering trades during consolidation phase taking reasonable profit of ADR 38% to 68%.

You have developed so many indicators and I would like to use the ones which you think can help me in identifying consolidation - This is the critical part of the setup. Wait or Go should be clearly visible to the trader. determining short-term trend for M5 to M30 determining long-term trend starting with M60 ADR kind of an indicator to plot exit providing additional aids like sub-window to assess the strength of the trend The heart of this trading setup will be the availability of indicators that can give Four signals should be there. A signal of consolidation finishing, the rest -  the long-term trend, short-term trend and the bulls or bear candles should be on one page. Without leaving any doubt as to enter or not.  Important is to make life easy for entry without hesitation I am sure you will apply your experience to setup a good trading plot.
thank you.

Thank you.

--- 帖子 #1094 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1095 ---
[quote=simnz;12544506]Hi Bionics, In view of the talk of Smart Money and dumb money, I have decided to shift to trading of indices since I feel this issue may not be there.

Hello Simnz,

I like to help you, as far as I can. I would first like to make a few comments. Basically, I can understand your great idea, but there is a lot to consider. An index, also known as the stock market index, tracks the performance of a group of companies and is used to assess the performance of a sector, region or economy of a country. The Dow e.g. is an average value, i. the prices of the companies included in them are added together and divided by the number of companies. In fact, this is a reliable indicator for assessing the strength of the US economy. But it is nothing more than the average value of different stock companies. And there is also smart money and dump money which have a significant impact on the price performance. I find it more of an advantage to be able to identify where Smart Money / Dump Money positions itself. From this immediate trading decisions can be derived.

In principle, one can roughly compare an index with an investment fund. This is not about individual values, but a summary of different individual values. But in the Dow we are in the equities sector and these values are harder for me personally to trade than currencies. I have already posted an example of the world championships of stocks, forex and futures.

Forex versus future

While the forex market is 3 times as hard to trade as the futures market, equities are 4 times as hard to trade as futures. This means that the probability of winning is 16.6% in the futures market, 5.2% in the forex and 4% in equities. This should always be considered. There are some traders who prefer to trade stocks because volatility is much higher and you can see absorption better with stock market data than in other markets. That's why I always recommend a market analysis to find out which markets suit your own psyche best. That's crucial.

The indicators that I have developed are based solely on the price development in the forex market. Although these prices are correct, depending on the broker, the price does not tell us why it is changing. For that I need Ask and Bid. So if you trade in Forex solely on price information, you need a damned good strategy. I have traded for many years on the principle of demand and supply and have developed indicators that have helped me to identify the individual candle strength.

Your strategy, which they now develop for themselves, is an absolutely right step. Because it will create an individual setup for you personally. However, this also means that no one else will be able to create this setup for you. In the last 1.5 years, I have tried in this blog to describe my approach. But that's almost impossible. This is comparable to two people who want to talk but speak different languages. As I mentioned in my last post, this blog is a buffet with different foods (setups and indicators). Unfortunately, I am not able to put together an individual dish (setup) because I do not know your individual situation and psyche. In the figurative sense: Imagine I recommend a dish where nuts are included and you have a nut allergy.

In more than 700 contributions with 1,300 pictures you will find concrete descriptions for all indicators and strategies. If this is important to you, I recommend that you work through these posts and gradually build your setup. Since I act completely differently than you, my recommendation would probably make you more loss. The fact that you optimize your setup will give you new opportunities to become even more successful. This is the right way. But you have to be prepared to invest a lot of time. It took me over 6 years to create my setup and it is currently being optimized again. The market is changing so fast that our optimization of today, tomorrow is outdated again. That may not be true for everyone, but those who do not adapt will perish in this tough market.

I keep my fingers crossed for you and hope you find your personal setup that will make you successful in the long term.

Lovely wishes

Michael

--- 帖子 #1096 ---
Thank you for your concerns. I trade for intellectual satisfaction and enjoy the process of doing it and am not affected by the outcome. I will share with you my experience.

Coming to currencies, do you think it is better to use tick charts for displaying currencies strength measured by bid ratio rather than using it fixed time frames?

Is it possible to have a small dashboard for each of  8 majors covering 7 pairs? I will trade a pair  GBPAUD  when I find atleast two other pairs GBPUSD and one more cross pair are moving in same direction a sort of confirmation for trading strategy.

--- 帖子 #1097 ---
[quote=simnz;12555425]{quote}{quote} Thank you for your concerns.

Hallo simnz,

I am glad to hear that. The topic of currency strength is an important and central topic, and I will publish a detailed article with concrete examples, a video and indicators by tomorrow.

best regards

--- 帖子 #1098 ---
Hello MarkStep,

Thank you for the friendly compliment for this blog. It is indeed a great challenge to make this complicated market as simple as possible. A bigger challenge is to set up the screen display in such a way that it creates an individual setup. With this setup it should be possible for a trader to realize entrances and exits that are profit-optimizing. With the following article about the currency strength I will describe an important puzzle piece in the setup of the forex market.

I wish you a nice weekend

best regards

--- 帖子 #1099 ---
Currency strength in the forex market

(You can download the described indicators at the end)

Hello dear traders,

The forex market differs from other financial markets at a very significant point: it consists of currency pairs. When you take a position, you trade two different currencies at the same time. This offers many interesting opportunities, as you can, for example, capitalize on your views on two economies with only one position. Therefore, it is difficult to look at the performance of a single currency in isolation.

Take as an example the EURUSD as a currency pair. If the price rises more in one day, there may be two reasons. The euro is particularly strong or the dollar particularly weak. It could well be that at the same time the euro is strong and the dollar is weak. There are different currency strength indicators with different calculation approaches.

Before I share my personal experiences, however, I would like to quote a few statements from Hanover. Hanover is a very experienced member of FF who enjoys a high level of acceptance and a very high reputation in this forum.

His statements about Currency Strength Meter:

But, assuming that there are no coding errors in the indicator calculations, accuracy is dependent solely on the price data being provided by the broker or market maker.

Which brings me to my next point(s). Firstly, all CSMs are derived from price, and price lags sentiment. In an industry where getting quickest access to quality information can provide a competitive advantage, institutional traders tend to use indicators that quantify sentiment, economic flows, orderflow/liquidity etc. (Many of these indicators are proprietary and lie beyond the scope of 'retail' charting packages like MT4).

Secondly, all price analysis is retrospective, and as price moves as waves within waves, this opens the door for arbitrariness that can only be resolved by selective bias. To explain with an example: the last 10 candles might represent an up-move, but these may be the most recent part of a larger sideways move, which in turn may be part of a larger down-move. Hence, like all other technical measures (e.g. moving averages, regression lines, etc), the price-derived CSM measure is determined arbitrarily by the historical horizon that's under study. There is no objective way of proving that one horizon is superior to another, that one way of calculating the value is superior to another, and hence that one CSM is necessarily superior in its 'accuracy' to another. All are ultimately giving a retrospective view of what price has done, and have no greater predictive value than price itself (or any other derivative of price).

Thirdly, predictive value comes down to the strength of the underlying sentiment which is determined by a number of fundamental reasons, many of which are economic, structural and/or logistical. If, for example, a CSM says that EUR is weak and USD strong, then the downtrend in EURUSD will continue only if there are overriding reasons -- i.e. reasons that underlie price -- causing it to do so. A price based CSM is not equipped to take these fundamental factors into account.

Fourthly, a CSM is merely a tool, and it is down to the trader, and how s/he interprets the strength/weakness measure, and uses it in the context of an overall trading system, that is an ultimate determinant in success or failure.

These statements from Hanover are important for now, before we take a closer look at individual currency strength indicators. Basically, I do not recommend spending money on a currency strength indicator. Within FF there are great traders and programmers who offer you different currency strength indicators for free.

More information is available at:

Recent Strength indicator

The different CSM indicators calculate the currency strength from the different currency pairs in the 9 available time units. Ticks are provided by the brokers, but not kept due to the high storage requirements. To calculate a currency strength in the tick chart, you would first have to generate all the currency pairs in the tick chart in order to derive a calculation from it. Thus a currency strength in the tick chart is not representable, because too expensive. In addition, a tickchart runs in the offline chart, which makes things even more complicated. Let us restrict ourselves to the 9 known time units in the MT4. I have tried different CSM indicators, which were also recommended by Hanover and use the following modules.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

MADdash indicator, Developer: honestknave high impact member FF. A multi-timeframe dashboard calculated from the price. 8 currencies CHF, JPY, CAD, USD, EUR, GBP, AUD and NZD are compared. This gives rise to the strength of 28 currency pairs. Green means strength, red means weakness. Time frames are possible from M1 to MN. The indicator can be used individually. More information is available at:

MADdash (Moving Average Distance)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

From the professional indicator of honestknave I have created an optimal representation for me. If the dollar is strong only a red color appears, if the euro is strong, a green color appears. With that I achieve a better overview for me.

Point A: In the upper red boxes, the strength of the dollar from M1 to MN is calculated against the following currencies: CHF, JPY, CAD, EUR, GBP, AUD and NZD. The last two candles are calculated.

Point B: In the red fields, the dollar moves from M1 to MN against the following currencies: CHF, JPY, CAD, EUR, GBP, AUD and NZD. Only the current candle is calculated. The lower field (Point E) is a summary of the 7 fields above. I have hidden this series in my current presentation.

Point C: In the green fields, the Euro changes from M1 to MN against the following currencies: CHF, JPY, CAD, USD, GBP, AUD and NZD. Only the current candle is calculated. The lower field (Point E) is a summary of the 7 fields above. I have hidden this series in my current presentation.

Point D: In the lower green boxes, the strength of the Euro is calculated from M1 to MN against the following currencies: CHF, JPY, CAD, USD, GBP, AUD and NZD. The last two candles are calculated. On the right is a bionic chart (64 tick) for the video overview.

Inserted Video

The price is in a downtrend for the first 2 minutes, the strength of the dollar is clear. After 2 minutes slowly arises a euro strength, whereby initially the dollar is strong. The strength of the euro is increasing and the price is rising.
However, this type of ad is very short-term and therefore very volatile. It shows me very fast price changes, which are not always reliable. Basically, I warn against start a trade based on these views. In an ongoing trade, this can be very helpful at times to avoid getting out too early.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In addition, I also like to use the following indicators

CCFp Indicator, Developer: SemSemFX, Interesting currency strength meter

+ RS_Group EUR & USD indicator, Developer: unknown, Very interesting strength indicator that reacts faster than the price chart. Here, the euro was currently compared to the dollar.

I recommend you to test these indicators during operation and to create your own interpretation. The big advantage of trading currency pairs is that there is a strength for the euro and the dollar, which often helps me identify what is happening in the market. However, this is no guarantee that this will remain so in the future. And for this we need the stock market data to detect possible absorptions in bid or ask. The Forex market is all about gaining an information advantage over most market participants.

If you identify the retail traders you usually have to act in the opposite direction, if you identify the big players, you usually have to act in the same direction. But that too can often go in the pants. Because when a big player collects Ask in a sideways phase (accumulation phase), the course does not have to go immediately straight up. Often there is only a fake outbreak down, to turn off the possible Ask buyers. Only then does the course go up.

But the more good information you have, the sooner you can work out an advantage. Therefore, you have to create a good setup from the abundance of different indicators. And with this setup, only you can do something. Therefore, the indicator settings of me or other traders do not help you. Every trader interprets the market differently. That's why I recommend testing indicators and interpreting them yourself. It does not matter what another trader says or claims. If you look at your screen and recognize a particular pattern, that can often be worth more than any well-intentioned professional advice. For that you need training and a lot of screen time.

If an indicator does not help you, leave it. After I work with the stock market data, I know what I have missed the last few years. But that too is not a holy grail. The key is to create an individual setup from the flood of information that increases your chances of winning. And only you can do it alone. This blog is a wealth of information about possible setups, but not a specific system. Choose the best, test it extensively and create your own individual system. It takes time and is exhausting, but in my opinion it is the only chance we have.

I keep my fingers crossed for you and wish you the necessary endurance.

best regards

--- 帖子 #1100 ---
very, very interesting. Do you think a similar setup could work with Gold?

--- 帖子 #1101 ---
Gold in Forex

Hello letsride,

First of all, welcome to our blog. The same question I asked myself many years ago, because gold has always fascinated me.

Precious metals have always had a special place in human history. It used to be exchanged for goods, but with the entry of currencies it lost its importance in trade. Today it is considered a security in currency crises.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The total amount of gold produced is estimated at 195,000 tonnes and corresponds to a cube with an edge length of approximately 21 meters. 3,500 tons of gold are added every year. Central banks and other institutions own just 18% of total gold. Of these, the US is in first place with 28.8%. Since gold is practically indestructible and, strictly speaking, is not consumed, theoretically every ounce produced is still available today. By value, this amount of gold today equals $ 9.37 trillion. For comparison, the Forex market trades more than $ 5 trillion per day. When all currencies lose value, gold provides the necessary security, but food and water are more important to survive.

In addition to the geopolitical tensions caused by the trade dispute between China and the US or the increasing tensions in the Persian Gulf, economic data point to weaker global economic development. This burdens the mood of companies and corporate profits. Increased volatility could cause investors to diversify risk by adding gold to their portfolios, as the correlation of gold with equities is low to negative. For me these are too many different factors that have an impact on all commodities. Some factors affect prices, but many do not. In the field of precious metals, platinum and palladium are predicted to have a greater future, as it is more urgently needed in the industrial sector.

A very important aspect, one should not forget when trading forex with gold. There is no physical gold, only money. And if the price of gold should rise so high because the money is no longer worth it, a huge profit in the form of money on the stock market will not benefit me. For that you should put physical gold in the vault. Gold is an insurance against devaluation. And insurance costs money and often brings no returns. Of course, the short-term speculation in the forex market is not comparable.

To identify a strength in gold one would have to work with correlations, e.g. Compare the dollar index with the gold price, but these correlations are constantly changing. Also the euro and dollar strength are no guarantee for a secure profit in EURUSD. Of course, one can make good profits with the speculation in the precious metals. The decisive factor is: to have an information advantage.

For me, there are too many different influencing factors to consider in the precious metals or currencies area to make a long-term future forecast. Therefore, I am working with the short-term stock market data and trying to scan the market in the sideways phases for bid and ask absorptions. You can react to that very quickly. This also works very well in the precious metals sector. Gold was interesting to me many years ago, but today I prefer to trade in a high-volume market with low drawdowns. And the EURUSD is a very good choice.

If you specialize in gold, you should create an individual setup. What information, indicators or stock market data will help you make the right decision? Unfortunately, this is a process that can often take many years, but once you have found your optimal setup, it will pay off. No matter if it is EURUSD or gold.

best regards

--- 帖子 #1102 ---
Delta from the past

(Volume data of the last 7 years as excel file to download)

Hello dear subscribers,

at certain price levels, there is an above-average increase in trade than at other price levels. From this, interesting assumptions can be derived. I would like to post some examples today.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

First, with the stock market data, I have retrieved a list of all price levels from 01.12.2012 to the present day. On the list next to the price we see the cumulated volume, the cumulative trades as well as the cumulated ask and bid at the respective price levels. The delta results from the cumulated ask and bid. For me, this delta is a crucial factor for possible resistance and support zones.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Then I copied the data into an Excel file and analyzed the ratio of the volume to the number of trades. At the bottom we see the number 1.83 and above the number 1.64. The smaller the number, the higher the probability that more big players were involved in this price level than in the higher numbers. From this, further assumptions can be derived.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here we see a volume delta of this last 7 years in the weekly chart. When you mark the largest deltas, this gives a rough overview and a range is created. This range we now want to look in smaller time units.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

On the left side, I first displayed the delta volume in the weekly chart and compared it with a H1 chart in the exact price comparison. With the three largest Volumendeltas again a rough price range arises in the H1 from the 25.September to today.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Now we zoom in and take a closer look at the last trading day from 10:00 CET. Again, the three largest deltas were used to form a range. By looking at the volume, I can list Bid and Ask individually and thus make the zones even more concrete. We recognize that the past delta volume may have an impact on future price performance. Of course, you can also further narrow down the individual zones with the current Market Profile in order to receive a confirmation.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The goal is to get below the Vol Low or above the Vol High a good entry to trade direction POC. In the area of the POC, on the other hand, one should be more cautious. The accumulation or distribution phases in the vicinity of the POC (points A and B), on the other hand, are particularly valuable and give a trader interesting information about a possible further course of the price. Even with the argument: I do not make forecasts where the price goes, I just trade with the price, you always have to make an assumption where it can go. But with the right information, it is possible to get an information advantage. And that is our chance to turn the odds in our favor.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

If I drive my vehicle in an unknown area, I get help with a map or a navigation system. Take a look at this map and ask yourself where we are right now. They will not always be right, but at every stage there are certain behaviors of the big players, with which they betray themselves.

Therefore, it is important to work only with information that helps me determine my location. There are different market situations, only certain information will help me. Therefore, I recommend to use different information in different market situations. It is enough to analyze the points A to D closer and to think about what happens in these crucial phases. Information and indicators help not in each phase. Once they are able to identify these individual phases, they are already ahead of most traders. After that, it's only about a good entry and exit.

Go back in time and identify these 4 phases. Afterwards they look with the help of the stock market data exactly, which happened exactly in these phases. This will allow them to put together exactly the indicators or charts that will help them in this phase. This will also enable you to find out where you are. Compiling this navigation system is a real project and can only be done by you. Even if the road is difficult, in the end you will know why.

I wish you that you find this way for yourself.

A successful trading week.

best regards

Here you will find an Excel file with price, volume, trades, bid, ask and delta on the respective price levels from the futures market.
Please note that the price in the futures market - represents swaps = price in the forex market. On Friday, the Euro FX Futures Market closed at 1.10855 and the EURUSD Forex Market at 1.10348. That's about a 50 pip difference, with the swaps varying. In addition, there are fewer price ranges in the futures market than in the forex market. The data of the price ranges start from 1.12.2012. You do not find a date because the price ranges were sometimes touched several times at different times. There are data from 5700 price levels from 1.39930 to 1.03670 available.

Attached File(s)   EURUSD 13.10.2019.xlsx

375 KB
|
511 downloads

--- 帖子 #1103 ---
Dear Bionics, I'm very interested in your posts, they have a great value.

The relationship between forex and futures catches my attention. The fact of taking not only the information of volume as a basis but eventually other analyzes in futures to make trading decisions in forex. I have observed this behavior and its possible applicability through back and fowardtesting, it really suggests a big potential, however, two questions are around my head lately:

1. Who leads whom? the futures market to forex or the opposite? It seems logical to deduce that as you mentioned and we all know, forex has a huge transactional volume, in fact it is the largest market that exists and for this reason it should be taken as a reference to trace other markets including futures. While your parallel and observations in the relationship are very relevant, why should a much smaller market be the leader of a larger one?

2. Apparently the vast majority of participants in the forex market are traders and not investors. I do not know in depth the mechanics of futures and I would like to know if more traders or investors predominate. Regardless of your response based on your experience, I think it reaffirms the previous point as to who can give bias

Your posts have motivated me to study the general context more thoroughly and everything has led me to the intermarket concept. The alleged established relationships between all markets. I have analyzed the possible links between bonds, indexes, futures, commodities and even interest rates. Indeed, in backtesting these relationships are evidenced without a doubt but again the same question arises again and again: Why should we take even the entire intermarket context as a reference for forex trading ( Katsanos, Menselsohn, Laidi, Murphy), if the forex leads the volume widely? In other words, is it logical or correct to have an intermarket based analysis model to look/search for "bias" and also possible "strength / weakness" in currencies to trade forex and not the opposite? The most hopeful answer is that the majority of the non-forex market is somehow centralized and the information is more reliable and accurate, however it still represents a smaller transactional volume than forex!!

Another possible answer would be related to the investors / traders relationship: A smaller group of investors, so to speak, can lead or carry more weight than a traders tzunami ?

As always and with great appreciation for your teachings I would like to know your opinion about it.

--- 帖子 #1104 ---
Hi, Bionics and thank you for sharing this valuable information. I have download the file and I noticed some very interesting patterns, but how someone calculate and turns the prices of the future market to the prices of forex market for several years?

--- 帖子 #1105 ---
[quote=jusiur;12557588]Dear Bionics, I'm very interested in your posts, they have a great value.

Hello jusiur,

First of all thank you for your kind compliment to this blog. My idea to investigate the relationship between forex and future was based on the fact that both markets are almost tick-matched. This resulted in our project Nr.7. The leading factor is clearly the forex market which is over 100 times bigger. Since I act basically only in the EURUSD I compare here only the EURUSD with the Euro FX. Further information can be found in my very detailed article on the futures and forex market.

Forex versus future

The forex and futures market are linked to the swaps in order to prevent interest rate differentials that have a negative impact on the market as a whole. A foreign exchange swap (FX swap or forex or foreign exchange swap) is a foreign exchange transaction that consists of a foreign exchange spot transaction (FX spot) and a forward exchange deal (FX forward). Two currencies are exchanged for one another by spot and swapped back at a later date (swap). Both transactions of a foreign exchange swap are concluded simultaneously and with the same counterparty. The price in the Futuremarkt lies about 50 pip over the price of the Forex. The variable swaps close this difference.

The EURUSD in the forex market is the biggest challenge in the market because there is no specific volume information for market participants. The EBS (Electronic Broking Services), the world's largest trading platform for foreign exchange in interbank trading leads an anonymous central limit order book, to prevent high-frequency traders from their speed alone have an advantage over the other market participants. Therefore, this market for high-frequency trading is not quite as interesting as the stock market environment. Since the sales in the futures market are 100 times smaller, this market is less interesting for me. If you want to have an execution in the Forex market, you usually get them immediately, no matter how many Lot you want to trade. Since the prices of both markets are almost tick-to-toe, I came up with the idea of using the information of the futures market for trading in the forex market without taking a big financial risk. My assumption has been confirmed in recent weeks, but stock market data is a big challenge. Since I am very creative, I combine different information of the stock market data with the data from the forex market. I work on 8 large screens exclusively in EURUSD and Euro FX. This gives me the comfort of creating interesting shortcuts that nobody would ever come up with.

As both markets are indirectly linked, the trades of the high-frequency traders naturally have an indirect impact on the cash market. But interestingly enough, I get a little closer to these high-frequency traders every day with the stock market data. However, the big focus is on the 12 banks (big players) that control 85% of the Forex market. These banks decide where the course is going and not the news or economic conditions. In the accumulation or distribution phases, the big players try to acquire as many as possible Ask or Bid to push the course up or down. And it always depends on whether retail traders are willing to provide ask or bid. After all, only retail traders are usually loser in this market.

As I wrote in my last post Delta from the past I will create my individual card views of the 4 crucial patterns on the market.(Accumulation, re-accumulation, distribution and re-distribution). From this, interesting possibilities can be derived. I can not prove that my assumptions are correct. After all, this is a project and the results so far are promising. I also have no problems to share my findings with everyone, because with my setup anyway no one can do something. As I wrote, a setup always has to be created individually, because every trader interprets different things with it. In this respect, this blog is a buffet, which I think provides great ideas. For the compilation of ideas, however, every trader is responsible. But that's the only way to be profitable in the long term.

I wish you a successful trading week

best regards

--- 帖子 #1106 ---
Hello Js3mwtRc

I am very happy that the information will help you, that is exactly the aim of this blog. Regarding your question:

This works best with the stock market data. One possibility would be to deduct the swaps of about 50 pip to get the forex price, but unfortunately the swaps are variable. Nevertheless, one could roughly identify certain resistance zones. But I would not act afterwards. The data should only show what possibility you have with stock market data. Stock market data you get today for little money.

Best regards

--- 帖子 #1107 ---
[quote=Bionics;12557687]
Thank you Bionics

--- 帖子 #1108 ---
[quote=jusiur;12559100]
Hello jusiur,

I keep my fingers crossed, greetings

Michael

--- 帖子 #1109 ---
Identification of the big players

Hello dear subscribers,

As we have already stated several times, we have to put ourselves in the situation of big players to follow you. For this, it is important to first understand what is causing movements in the market. 12 banks control 85% of the forex market, identifying them is easier than with 50 banks.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

When I press the buy button, I get Ask. The price goes still up. Now I want to sell my Ask and hit the sell button. That means I sell the euro and buy the dollar at the same time. I buy Bid to dissolve my previously acquired Ask. This sale could cause the price to go down. If the price does not develop in my desired direction, but runs down and triggered my stop, I buy at the moment also Bid which can make sure that the course is even more down. This strategy is very much used by the big players in stop fishing. When I press on the sell button I buy Bid. That could make the price go down. As soon as I want to resell my Bid, I have to buy Ask. This allows the price to go up. And this is where we come to an important insight. A course goes down and suddenly there is a strong bullish candle. That does not necessarily mean that someone buys the euro. It could well be that a big player who pushed the price down now sells his dollars. Of course, it does not matter if you buy the euro or sell the dollar. In both cases Ask is required. But if a big player gets out to sell his dollars, the price is unlikely to rise immediately, but rather to run sideways. Therefore, it is crucial to know if someone is buying the euro or selling the dollar. However, identifying this is a big challenge.

The big players have so much money that they can push the price up or down within a few seconds. Why this would not make sense, I would like to point out now.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Point A

The price is at 1.10250 and we assume that there are limit orders of 100 lot at each price level. Of course, the market is usually determined mainly by the market order, which we want to exclude for our example. Now, if a big player buys 1100 Lot Ask, the price will run to 1.10305. With the purchase he has broken through eleven price levels, each with 100 Lots.

Point B

The price is now at 1.10305 and the big player has received 1100 lots at an average price of 1.10280. This purchase creates a large bullish candle. We now assume that this will attract more buyers, driving the price to 1.10360.

Point C

At this stage, the big player now wants to get rid of his purchased 1100 lot.

Point D

By selling the price has gone back to 1.10305. The big player was able to sell his 1100 Lots at an average price of 1.10335.

Point E

1100 Lot Ask were bought at an average of 1.10280 and sold at 1.10335. This gives the big player an advantage of 55 ticks and a profit of $ 393,250 without spread and fees.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Point A

First, the big player collects 600 Lot Ask within a sideways market. After that he drives the price up by 5 ticks with 500 Lot Ask. In total, he also invested 1100 plumb bobs.

Point B

Now the price is at 1.10275, with a bullish candle upwards. This bullish move attracts more buyers. In total, the big player has purchased on average 500 lots at 1,10265 and 600 lots at 1,10225.

Point C

The price runs as in the first example to 1.10360. At this price level, the big player wants to sell his 1100 Lot Ask.

Point D

By selling the price goes back to 1,10305. The big player has sold his 1100 lot at an average price of 1.10335.

Point E

Result: 1100 Lot Bids were sold at an average of 1.10335. On average, 500 lot Ask were bought at a price of 1.10265 and 600 Lot Ask at a price of 1.10225. This results in a profit of $ 656,500 without spread and fees.

I believe that you can see from this example that it makes no sense to simply push up or down a price. Crucial is the collection of ask or bid in the sideways phases. Therefore, I concentrate exclusively on these phases and try to find out what is mainly bought there.

Important: As a rule, the big players do not sell their Ask or Bid in one fell swoop. Ask can only be sold if other market participants still expect prices to rise. Therefore, a big player sells his ask in small numbers in the rising market. He does not try to slow down the course. The advantage: The course continues to run upwards and the Big Player receives even better prices when exiting. Once the big player is out, there is no one more who drives the price up. What happens afterwards is clear and the last will bites by the dogs.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

If you work with the stock market data, I recommend you to pay attention to the accumulated delta. If the delta falls, it means that more Bid have been invested, than Ask. As the delta increases, it means that more than Ask as Bid has been invested. In the sideways phase at point B you can see very well how the cumulative delta falls sharply down. At first the price rises, but after that the price drops more. With the cumulative delta you can see many market situations faster.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Another example in the stock market is the distinction between smart money and dump money. We have already talked about this in detail.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

When looking at different price developments, I always ask myself the question with a bullish candle: Is the Euro being bought or the dollar sold? With a bearish candle: Will the dollar be bought or the euro sold?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In my stock market software, I have the indicator: "Big Trades" available. This indicator finds large trades in the current market and represents them within the chart. This requires a special algorithm that sums up a large number of similar trades in a trade and presents them in an individual size. Than I thought about the price course and labeled the single big trades. Of course, this is purely speculative and based solely on my personal opinion. But it helps me to analyze the market better.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

From my individual opinion I drew resistance zones. At point A (Friday morning), a good friend told me that he wanted to go short now because he was firmly convinced that the price was falling. I told him that this was just a stop fishing and I assume the price will go up sharply thereafter. The background was that at point B very strong purchases took place in the market, which led me to this assumption. Maybe it was just luck, but I seem to have more luck with it than with other views.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

If you do not have stock market data, you should focus on the currency strength in the forex market. I have already reported on this in detail in the last posts.

Currency strength in the forex market

Point A

The course initially went down and there was a sideways market.

Point B

In this sideways market, the dollar initially still has the upper hand, but it moves in parallel to the strength of the euro.

Point C

Here you can see that within the sideways phase of the dollar is sold strongly. That alone is a good indication that the market is saying goodbye to the dollar. At the end of the sideways phase, one can finally see that the market is beginning to buy the euro. All these are clear signs that the course may be goes up.

Of course these are just assumptions and pure speculations. But to win in this market, one must always assume assumptions. Only the one who has an information advantage over all others, is able to optimize his profits. And that's exactly what works on probabilities. If one realizes that the market sells the dollar, the probability is very high that the price will rise. Of course, it can also be different in reality, but we have our stops, for avoid greater damage. With the currency strength in the forex and the Bid and Ask in the future, I'm not always able to turn the odds in my favor. But when I realize what happens in a candle with Bid and Ask, the probability of winning is already much higher. And since this market is only about probabilities, this information advantage could help you a lot.

Try to get rid of the price, because the price is just a reaction to the previously invested Ask and Bid. With the stock market data, the view is much easier but also with the currency strength can be made quite interesting assumptions in forex.

I keep my fingers crossed for you and wish you a successful week

best regards

--- 帖子 #1110 ---
Trading, every risk is also an opportunity.

Hello dear subscribers,

There are approximately 5,000,000 traders worldwide. In relation to a world population of 7.75 billion people, this is just 0.6%. Even the proportion of doctors is 3 times higher, as there are 1000 doctors for two residents. Trader is a very special profession and if you're wondering if you want to become a long-term trader, you should first look at opportunities and risks. Konrad Adenauer, a former Chancellor of Germany, used the Adenauer Kreuz when he had to make an important decision. On one sheet he noted on the left: "What speaks for it?", On the right side he noted: "What's speaks against it"? After he had noted all the points, he forgave every single point a value. The values were added together and at the end he had a decision-making aid. This works with all questions and helps us to get a quick overview. Us are often unaware, that we have a choice. We just have to learn how to get the most out of these choices. It often happens that we decide wrongly. It does not matter how we decide between A and B, but that we first make sure there is a C and D. For many of us, this is unthinkable at first because we usually only make A or B decisions and exclude C or D decisions. But these alternatives are often the best.

Let's look first at what speaks against trading.

1.The most difficult market in the world

The interbank market is the market where money and credit business takes place only between banks. Banks and financial institutions trade with one another in the interbank market, lend each other money and can thus ensure that they remain liquid. The rates of currencies are not determined by a government as long as they are freely tradeable and not linked to another currency. They are based solely on supply and demand. Forex trading is usually OTC, i. E. it is not centrally organized, but takes place directly between the market participants or through a broker. Over $ 5 trillion is being transacted daily in the forex market. By the end of 2019, the $ 6 trillion limit is to be reached. This would have increased the volume of 1995 almost sixfold. In 24 years, the Forex market has thus achieved an average increase of 7% per year. There is no regulatory authority. Only twelve banks control 85 percent of the market. Banks do not trust each other and no one provides information about his trading activities. Therefore there is no real volume or an order book in the interbank market. The resulting volumes in MT4 are a pure estimate.

2. The trade strains our nerves

Depending on which market you are in, different volatility arises during the day. If they are on the right side, strong volatility creates a quick profit target. On the other hand, high volatility may also cause a quick loss. In 70% of the cases the prices move in sideways phases, what makes it difficult to trade for the swing and day traders. Of course, if you win, you can get positive feelings, with big loses you get the opposite. These feelings affect our behavior on the stock market. In an emergency, our body is focused on it: fight or flight. At that moment, our body releases hormones like adrenaline, norepinephrine and cortisol. The heartbeat is increased, the respiratory tract widens and the digestive system shuts down its function. This stress situation is permanently harmful to our body. Therefore, a balance like sport is a crucial point in order to be successful in this profession over the long term.

Many beginners are afraid and panic when the first trades fail. Instead of gaining distance and strategically realigning, the beginner wants to recover his loss as quickly as possible. All strategies and rules are forgotten. Often this is the beginning of the end. The same is true when greed makes you want too much. The stock market is a sea of emotions and it requires a high degree of psychological discipline to succeed in the long term in this market.

3.How successful are traders really?

Unfortunately, there is no trader in the Forbes list of the richest people in the world. If it is really possible to systematically predict price movements, there would have to be somebody who made millions or billions. The biggest billionaires are pure investors. An investor who speculates in investment funds has the advantage that he can buy his shares with the so-called cost average effect. In addition, his costs are significantly cheaper than if he speculated on the stock market.

Cost Average Effect

This does not mean that you as a trader could not be successful, it is only much harder than an investor. Trading stocks, CFD or futures is a special challenge. The chance to win as a trader is 1:23 in the stock market, 1:19 in the forex and 1: 6 in the futures market. The 1:19 chance in Forex means that 95% of traders lose long term. One of the main reasons for the loss is the high trading fees. The more you trade, the more likely you are not to be profitable. This gives a Swing Trader better cards than a Scalper. In search of successful traders, one inevitably comes to the trading experts who offer training, indicators or individual training.

4.The illusion of trading experts

In times of social networks there is a lot of envy, at the same time feelings arise: "That's what I want to achieve". On Instagram, YouTube and TicToc, many traders show their profits and tell of their rise to the league of the beautiful and the rich. Some also tell the supposed truth and start trading as a coach one year later. The alleged evidence these self-proclaimed trainers deliver can be forgotten. Nowadays you can fake the best stock market evaluations so that nobody notices. And even if real trades are mapped, it is hard to see whether this profit is actually based on competence or only by pure chance. Because there are over 5,000,000 traders, it is just by chance clear that some without any talent or skills to earn their money. Success can not be judged solely by whether someone makes money on the stock market. It is crucial that he is able to show others how to live long term from trading. This will succeed in the rarest cases, since each person is different. In the great YouTube videos where huge profits are shown, it is amazing that the losses are left out. That is also clear, because with losses one can not win customers. In principle, all this is a Facebook world, you see beautiful pictures and envies the other for his life. In reality, the other's life is only average and he show a life that he does not have in reality, just to attract customers. The fact is: a really successful trader will never act as a coach, or have you ever seen that Warren Buffett in the internet offering seminars? A successful trader trades for a few hours each day and enjoys the rest of the time with friends or family. Why should he take the stress out of running some $ 1,000 seminars and messing with dissatisfied customers. Believe me, most trainers are eunuchs who speak of intercourse and have no more idea than most beginners.

5.A critical look at the money

Everyone dreams of a beautiful life, with all amenities. What do you think why so many people play the lottery? Did you actually know that not the amount of money in a job is crucial, but first and foremost a balanced work-life balance, followed by leadership style and corporate culture? Makes money really happy now? Some studies have shown that it depends on how the money was earned. Assuming that the money was earned honestly and conscientiously, happiness is higher than if it was generated in a morally reprehensible manner. What matters is that morality thwarts us when we make our money with a guilty conscience. Honestly earned money actually makes you happy, if only for a short time but unfortunately not permanently. Before I started trading, I earned above average money in my job. The reason I chose to trade was the work-life balance that allows me to trade and not the tempting millions one can earn from it. Maybe that was the reason why I can live on it today. I love my work and find it very challenging to survive in these insanely heavy markets every day. I have been doing this for ten years now and believe me: Trading does not mean earning money in a simple way. If I counted the hours I spent in front of the screen with my previous hourly wage as a self-employed, trading in the first few years would not have been worth it. But the more experience you have, the more effectively you can act on the stock market. Under 10,000 hours of experience, this is not possible in my opinion to be profitable. If someone says otherwise, he is either a lucky guy or a trading coach.

6.We invest something more valuable than money

If you earn a 10% return on your trading while trading $ 10,000, you will receive $ 1,000 a month. After deducting taxes, there are about $ 700 left. You spend 10 hours per day and with the preparation at the weekend you work over 200 hours. That's an hourly wage of $ 3.50. 120% return is a very good performance as a beginner and yet the merit is lower than the social assistance. Why do you do that? Because you have the hope that one day it will get better. However, a person who is very ill, will see things differently. For him, time is the most important factor. Maybe we should also think about the time factor. Of course, for a beginner, the time factor is an investment, but how much time are you willing to invest? Remember, all the time you spend is lost to your family, friends, and yourself. That's why we should handle it carefully.

7.You always have to stay on the ball

A trader who does not trade does not earn money. As a trader, you have to watch, buy, analyze and sell every day in front of the computer. If you are ill or on vacation you do not earn money. As an employee, you will continue to earn your money, even when ill and on vacation. As a trader, however, you have one major disadvantage: you work diligently and still lose your money. That's a crucial point to think about.

8.Be on your own

As a trader, you sit alone in front of your screens every day and have few like-minded people to talk to. Of course, there are forums in which one can exchange views, but this is not comparable to a real conversation among traders. Even your family will rarely be able to help you, because they do not understand the matter. Therefore, you must be prepared to work alone. You have to motivate yourself and sometimes slow down yourself. That's one of the biggest challenges in the life of a trader. Think carefully about whether you can succeed with it.

Each coin has two sides, a shadow side and a sunny side. Let's take a look at what's speaks for trading.

1.Long or short around the clock with small capital

Previously there was no way to sell / short sell stocks and securities to make a profit. The only thing that could be achieved by selling stocks that lost value was to limit further losses. Today, traders can also make profits when markets fall. Financial crises do not disturb forex traders. You just click on Sell. The markets are open 24 hours a day from Sunday evening to Friday evening. This also helps beginners to start part-time. Trading accounts can be opened today with relatively little capital investment and additionally you can trade with demo accounts at the beginning. As forex traders the risks are manageable, in the futures market the risk is very high. That's great opportunities for a future future.

2.Some costs for self-employment

In most countries, you do not have to sign up for an expensive trade or start your own business. You do not need an expensive office because you can trade from home. Those who are married can get health insurance free of charge via their partner and in case of profit a maximum of 30% is taxable. The top tax rate in Germany is 45% plus an average trade tax of 15%, which is 60% in total. The tax situation of the traders is therefore a very interesting aspect. Most of the time, the internet is already there and the computers and screens you need are affordable. The investment of stock market data and a good stock exchange software costs a maximum of $ 50 a month. An optimal condition for a favorable start.

3.Trading is scalable

Anyone who has found his optimal setup with increasing experience and gains regular profits over time, has the option to optimize his earnings. You can scale the number of invested lots as you like. Of course, so does the risk. But with strategic money management you can oversee your risks. Winning 60% of the time on an average Return/Risk Ratio of 1: 2 gives you an experience, that's well worth scaling. This makes it possible to double its revenue relatively easily. Please note the total risk that you are willing to accept. This scalability is possible in the least professions. This is a special feature that is possible in trading.

4. Exchange time for more money

The longer and more successful you are in trading, the more you have the choice. I would like to invest more time to earn more or would prefer to spend more time for my family or hobbies. Due to the scalability you are flexible and can determine the optimal ratio of time and money with the help of your trading overview and a good Moneymanagement. Of course, one is exposed to the risk of losing every day, but since it is always about probabilities, one can still create a possible plan.

5.Trading is possible worldwide

The beautiful thing about trading is you can do it very easily and anywhere in the world. If you have the dream of moving to Australia, it's easier for you as a trader than for someone who needs to find a job first. Of course, there are some things to keep in mind, but as a trader you can earn your money everywhere. It will be interesting if you are very successful. In certain countries, taxes are much cheaper than in your country. If you earn $ 300,000 a year as a trader, you'll pay nearly $ 100,000 in taxes in Germany. In some countries, you can quickly save $ 60,000 in taxes. This allows you to pay your living expenses in the new country without giving up your old profits. An interesting thought.

6. Fun and free time sharing

As a successful trader you always have the choice. More time or more money. Scalability makes it possible to earn what you have earned in a month within a week. Now you can make the decision to work 2 weeks a month and earn twice as much as you did before. In addition to the free time division is now added the fun to enjoy its higher earnings in the double free time. But I always recommend save some money, because there are times when things do not go so well and then it is good to not have to rely on the income.

7.No physical effort

If you've worked hard and physically in your life before, you'll appreciate the convenience of a trader. Of course, Traden is a mental and psychological challenge that can be very tiring in the trade. But calculate yourself how often you are in the trade on a day. I am on the market about 10 times a day for a few minutes. Total maybe a maximum of 1 hour. The rest I sit in front of the screen and have a nice day. One can overcome that psychologically. If I imagine 8 hours of doing a hard physical work, I am glad to have chosen this profession 10 years ago.

8.Image and development

Being a trader is something special, I do not need to tell you how people react when they ask you what you do for a living. Only 0.6% of all people are traders, even doctors are 3 times more likely. We work in an environment that is associated with Wall Street. The only problem is, if you sit alone all day in front of the screen, that you should still evolve. During the last year, I did my master's degree in Java at Oracle 2,000 hours to better understand the indicators. That has brought me madly forward. In this blog I have written a total of 3 books, as a kind of trading journal. I've improved my English skills and regularly watch interesting trading videos in English. This year, I have dealt extensively with the stock market data and now develop interesting strategies to better identify the big players. If you rest, you rusts. Whoever is on the move, don t rusts. The key is that you are happy.

In my opinion, these were 8 reasons that speak against and for trading. I do not belong to the group of people who claim that everyone can trade. Trading is a very demanding profession and only about 2% manage to survive in this market in the long term. First and foremost, this is because of perseverance and less intelligence. Into a market created by chance is not the intelligence decisive, but rather the experience. And experience just needs time, nothing more, nothing less.

To be successful, I need optimal risk management. Professional risk management begins with the identification of risky problems. Risk management requires incalculable risks. Example: If you trade, you can never be sure that in the end you will win more than you lose. Qualitative risk management is therefore not limited to avoiding all risks in the first place, but rather is the process of identifying risks, then assessing them and then deciding whether it is necessary or even worthwhile to take risks. Risk management therefore means overcoming obstacles and taking advantage of opportunities. Often it is not considered that risks can certainly have positive effects. At this point, risk management builds up: every risk always has an opportunity at the same time. Just to take advantage of these opportunities - and thus to generate an added value from the conscious or already indispensable assumption of a risk. This is an important aspect of successful risk management. Who behaves better: Is it the person who sees everything new as an opportunity to be start, or is it still the one who first waits for developments and, in addition to Plan A and B, still devises Plan C and D? Basically, this question can not be answered. But every human being should ask himself whether he is suddenly too spontaneously plunging into something new, or whether on the other hand fear does obstruct new paths?

Almost everything new is once unfamiliar. Different people with different previous experiences and different natures will perceive something new as a chance or as a risk. And the vast majority of people will not only see one or the other, but both opportunities and risks, but with different proportions. And then it's about the willingness to take the risks in order to secure opportunities. The human risk appetite varies according to the situation, so that the basic attitude to risks is a stable psychological feature. People are more cautious in one situation and more risk-tolerant in the other. Thus, the level of risk-taking is individually rooted in the character of each person. If you put up with uncertainty, you might get more tension. What should we do now: Take or avoid risks? Or should one take careful and planned risks? A well-planned assumption of calculable risks initially sounds very good. When it comes to how calculable the risk must be, there is again a wide range of different answers.

In addition, one can also set different priorities when calculating risks: We can think about the probability of our behavior having negative or positive consequences. Traden offers opportunities for profit and fun, but at the same time is something we should not ignore risks. If we trade with real money, we can lose real money. And it should not be the money that we need for the next rent. In these situations, the actual questions that come to the fore come to the fore: What makes me happy and satisfied? We do not have to be a particularly risk-taking or cautious person to lead a happy and contented life. But we should ask ourselves what our risk behavior looks like and if it makes us happy. If we can answer that yes, that's fine, otherwise we'll have to change something. And if it does not work as a trader, that is not dramatic. Over 7.75 billion people are not a trader and still satisfied and hopefully happy.

Unfortunately, our personality does not change that easily. A person who avoids risk does not suddenly become a very risk-taking person and vice versa. But that is not necessary. Often a small step in the right direction is enough to cover a decisive path.

I wish you from the bottom of my heart, that you find this path.

best regards

--- 帖子 #1111 ---
Bionic time is money indicator

Hello dear subscribers,

During my daily trading I noticed that one often notices at the price change of the EURUSD , whether the course that runs in a particular direction is slowed down or not. Unfortunately, you can not see that in the current course price but well as in his current account balance in the terminal of the MT4. This was the idea to simulate an account balance. There are nine time units in MT4 from M1 to MN. The start is the close of the last candle, e.g. the Daily Close. From this point on you invest one lot on rising prices. When the price goes up, the indicator shows the gain in euros, when the price falls, the indicator shows the loss in euros. From the next Daily close the indicator starts again at zero. The M1 candle is recalculated every minute, the monthly candle every month. The calculation is done with the bid. If the value is positive, a green number is displayed, if the value is negative, the number is red.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

On the left you see the indicator Bionic Time is money EURUSD Daily, on the right side you can see all nine time units. For this I shot a short video to show you the indicator in action.

Inserted Video

Advantages of the indicator:

Resistances in the course of the price can be identified more quickly.
Trends are easy to grasp
Based on the profits or losses, the trend strengths can be recorded.

Disadvantage:

At each full hour, the H1, M30, M15, M5 and M1 begin with the same value.
The change in the presentation is very flexible, but also a bit laborious
The presentation is right-justified and optimized exclusively for the EURUSD.

I work here with two forms of presentation.

In my main chart, I work with the presentation in Dailychart, so that course obstacles are quickly recognizable for me. In addition, I placed an extra chart with the nine time units in a small corner. Thus, I recognize trend consequences and trend strengths very well. There is one more version for use in the chart. The monthly and weekly candles are a good long-term indicator, the day and H4 candle are a medium-term indicator and the remaining candles are an important clue to the short-term range. It may also be interesting what you could have earned if you were not out of the trade too soon. Just like what you would have lost if you were out later. You can learn something from that as well. Please note that this is 1 lot (100,000 euros). If you deal with a higher / lower number of lot you have to convert the value accordingly.

Another interesting point is the up or down counting of the respective amounts in certain price courses. With this you can quickly grasp, in which time unit, which sums can be earned or lost. The respective spreads or fees are of course to be added.

This is only an auxiliary indicator that should give us additional information and it goes without saying that we should not trade because of this information. Nevertheless, I hope the information will help you and I look forward to your feedback.

I wish you a successful Friday

best regards

I have created three different versions for you.

"Bionic Time is money EURUSD Daily" is the view from the last Daily close and a good overview for the day.

Attached File(s)   Bionic Time is money EURUSD Daily.ex4

9 KB
|
590 downloads

"Bionic Time is money EURUSD all times" is a big view of 9 time units and meant for you to create a single chart.

Attached File(s)   Bionic Time is money EURUSD all times.ex4

24 KB
|
610 downloads

"Bionic Time is money EURUSD all times Small" is a view of 9 time units and suitable for copying into the chart view.

Attached File(s)   Bionic Time is money EURUSD all times Small.ex4

24 KB
|
587 downloads

If that is not enough for you, the indicator can be customized.

best regards

--- 帖子 #1112 ---
Micheal the Bionic! Wow ..wow..just don’t know what to say. I take my hats off for you. Lol. Anyway I been following you for a while but for the past 6month now I have been seriously studying and testing your work. And I must say the results are mind blowing. I don’t wanna get too excited cos it might be too early lol!

However, i must confess the outcomes so far is really really looking good. But pls I have one request from you in other to facilitate test and compare the results.

I would have love to write you privately but I don’t know how.

Anyway , lam currently working on your demand and supply concept with your smzigzag-bionic v4.2 indicator.

I need your help Micheal pls , there are particular values on smZigzag-bionic v42. am testing and interested in.

Is there anyway you can code an indicator/scanner capable of scanning preferred instrument (market) or all the instruments the broker offers for this particular values am taking about?

for example let say am looking value of (4) at the end of a trend smZigzag-bionic v4.2 produces a value of 4 that’s fine or produce a value of 21.1 which will be = 4 by reducing the total number into one digit... which is 2+1+1=4.

or let’s say I wanted to scan for value of 7 and smZigzad-bionicv4.2 produces 7 at the end of trend ...that’s fine or 322 which i also called 7 by summing the total of 322 ( 3+2+2) = 7.

i want an indicator/ scanner capable of doing so. And also can allow me to scan multiple upto (1-5 different) values of choice at

a time. ( intraday/ end of day).

pls I will like to know if this is possible. This will go a long way in helping me with this test, of which I will get back to with results.

many Thanks,

Boby

p/s ... by the way my wife from Hamburg. Lol

--- 帖子 #1113 ---
[quote=bobydegood;12582380]Micheal the Bionic! Wow ..wow..just don’t know what to say.

Hello Boby,

Thanks again for the friendly compliment for this block. I am glad that you are so dedicated and that you deal extensively with this block. I am convinced that some information will help you and that will save you a lot of time. Your approach and deep research with the Bionic zigzag I would not recommend you.

The values that you analyze or calculate from this are purely random. The forex market is controlled by a total of twelve banks which produce 85% of the turnover. These big players can only collect Ask or Bid in a sideways phase, then push the course up or down. Depending on how many retail traders are prepared to Bid or Ask in different price levels, either Bid or Ask will be bought by the big players. And that's exactly what the future price trend will look like. The individual candles that we get displayed in the forex market are thus purely coincidental and have little meaning.

The Bionic Zigzag Indicator was designed with a background to recognize the trend strength in each candle while identifying strong pullbacks. The numbers above or below the candles indicate the average pipettes per candle that have occurred within the trend.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In this example you can see how a course goes down. Within the sideways market, the Big Players collect Ask or Bid, in this case Ask was collected, which is hard to spot on the forex candles. Within the sideways market, there are three strong upward moves that I have marked with a yellow circle. If you collect a large number of Ask, a course will inevitably go up. That alone was a good clue that someone could collect Ask. If you recognize such a situation, you just have to wait for the course to break through the strong yellow zone. Once the course comes back and accepts this yellow zone as resistance, you can try a long trade.

The average strength figures achieved in the individual candles are purely random and have no patterns. It is crucial to know at which price level someone buys Bid or Ask. We do not receive this information in the forex market. I recommend you to access data on stock exchanges, to see exactly what is happening in the market right now. Analyzing these stock market data by Bid and Ask is more of a work worthwhile in the long term. For this I will publish a detailed report at the weekend.

Although the price in the forex market is absolutely correct, unfortunately we can not look closer into the candle to see what is happening. Thus, all assumptions that we meet in the forex market are purely coincidental. In order to increase the probability of winning I have to resort to more in-depth information. PS: The new auxiliary indicator time is money may help you.

I hope that I could help you with that and wish you a nice weekend.

best regards

--- 帖子 #1114 ---
Thank you so much Micheal, i so much appreciate the swift feedback and recommendations. I will definitely look into it and put it into consideration.

many Thanks

Abel

--- 帖子 #1115 ---
I found that you are familiar with the construction of bar.  I was seeking the bar that is related to price, but it is a little different from tick bar and range/renko bar.

Let me describe characteristics of the bar, here I name it 'p bar'.

suppose eurusd price 1.11000 at present, the minimum unit for p bar is  0.00001 here.  the setting of  p bar 10, means

1.1.11000->

2.1.11001->

3.1.11002->

4.1.11001->

5.1.11000->

6.1.10999->

......

10.1.10995

every step is basic unit 0.00001, set 10 means step 10 times up and down and must same size(0.00001)

Could you understand the this kind of bar?  and what is difference between p bar with tickbar/rangebar/renkobar？

p bar vs  range/renko bar

range/renko bar only care open and close price, neglect the procedure/process.

suppose set range bar 10, current price is 1.11000,

whenever price up and down 10 times ,100 times ,...etc.  , if it not hit 1.11010(1.11010+10) or 1.10990, a new bar will never formed.

but p bar will form a new bar when up and down 10 times.

p bar vs tick bar

they are all reflect change of price , but tick bar did not consider the size of price.  here still eurusd for example, minimus unit 0.00001,  current price 1.11000

tick bar setting=5 tick,

first tick 1.11000

second tick 1.11001

third tick  1.11008

forth tick 1.11005

fifth tick 1.11006

after five tick, a new tick bar formed ,but p bar formed three bars ,why ?

p bar setting =5 p, for p bar, it is already step 12 unit,  （1.11001-1.11000=1,1.11008-1.11001=7,1.10008-1.10005=3,1.11006-1.11005=1， 1+7+3+1=12), because setting=5  12/5=2.4 , formed three bar

could you comprehend the constructhon of the bar? Is there any bar like this ?

--- 帖子 #1116 ---
[quote=extjsjquery;12583708]{quote} I found that you are familiar with the construction of bar.

Hello extjsjquery,

First of all thank you for your request. What you describe seems to be the basis of calculation of the volume in MT4. Unfortunately, the Forex volume calculation is wrong, a detailed description and justification can be found here.

Volume in Forex

Basically, your idea is good to find out within a candle, how often the price was at a certain level. But even if you find out, it will not do you much good. The key is the number of Ask and Bid on a price level. In my experience, you can generate in Forex the optimal price representation with a tickchart, for this I have published some contributions in this forum.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In the stock market, there are 14 different price calculations, for which one does not need an offline chart and which are the same for all exchange participants.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here is an example in Euro FX. The numbers show the seconds that the price spent in the respective price levels.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The same chart shows the volume on the left and the number of trades on the right.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

On the left side you can see the number of Lots on the Bid side and on the right the number of Lots on the Ask side.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The difference between Ask and Bid is the delta. The result you can see in the chart.

The only reason for a price change in the market are the traded Bid and Ask. Unfortunately you can not get this information in forex. If this information is important to you, I recommend you to work with correct stock market data. That saves you a lot of time. Although I also act exclusively in forex, but I rely only on the stock market data. That's exactly what our current Project No. 7 is all about.

I hope that I could help you a little bit and wish you a nice weekend

best regards

--- 帖子 #1117 ---
Bionic Time is Money High Low

Hello dear subscribers,

I would like to publish an interesting extension for the time is money indicator today. First of all, we always look at a daily course in EURUSD. Within this day, there are four crucial zones. The Daily open, the Daily High, the Daily Low and the current price.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Basically, the indicator assumes that one sets at the Daily Open, 1 Lot on rising prices. The amount at point A is calculated by the difference between the open and the high. The amount at point B is calculated by the difference between the open and the current price. The amount Point C calculates the difference between the open and the low. So you can clearly see the difference between high and low.

In addition, I have updated the two indicators time is Money all times. The start is now the respective open of the current candle and not the close of the previous candle. More information about the indicator can be found here:

Bionic time is money indicator

I wish you a nice Saturday

best regards

Attached File(s)   Bionic Time is money High Low.ex4

12 KB
|
855 downloads

Attached File(s)   Bionic Time is money EURUSD all times Small.ex4

24 KB
|
723 downloads

Attached File(s)   Bionic Time is money EURUSD all times Big.ex4

24 KB
|
661 downloads

--- 帖子 #1118 ---
Hello Abel,

You are welcome. I think the key point is correct data. When flying a plane, you also expect correct displays and data. Otherwise a crash is inevitable. The trade is always about a lot of money that you can lose. It is better to invest the possible loss in a good trading software and stock market data. But you have a decisive advantage. You have this information now and can make something out of it. in a few minutes I'll post an interesting report, how the big players work. Maybe this will help you.

Have a good weekend

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1119 ---
The strategy of big players

Dear Subcribers,

the work of the big players is a big challenge every day for us as well as for the big players. As I've already said, it makes no sense for the big players just to push the price up, as they earn less. A concrete example can be found here:

Identification of the big players

Basically, it is important to understand the approach of the big players.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here we see a chart in EURUSD H30. First, the price goes down, which means that a higher number of Bid will go into the market. To buy Ask, I need participants to sell the Bid. In this case, the big player starts to buy the first Ask already at point A. Starting at point B, the course is again higher. This arises partly because someone sells his dollars and partly because the big player buys the euro. Now many traders believe that the price continues to rise and start buying the euro. At point C, the big player buys a high number of dollars and pushes the price down sharply. Under point B are the stops of the traders. Once the stops are triggered, the downward trend accelerates. Professional big players are waiting at this point and are buying a large number of euros into this strong downtrend. At the same time the big player now sells his dollars, the price goes up again.

With the action of buying dollars and selling dollars right away, the big player does not make much money, but it stops many traders who think the price is now up. And that's how the big player secures its position upwards. Why does he do this?

If the big player at point C immediately pushes up the price, he would pull up many traders. In principle, that would not matter to the big player, but there is a problem. As the price moves higher, some retail traders start to step out to take their profits. For this they have to sell the euro and buy the dollar at the same time. This slows down the price trend. This would make the big player earn significantly less because he wants to push the price strongly up. So he has to make sure that these potential troublemakers are stopped out, before they can do any damage.

Now the price is going up to the point E. There, some traders get off to secure their profits. The big player is already waiting for it and buys in this downtrend again a high number of Ask. You can see that the price does not fall down sharply because someone absorbs this Bid under it. Then the course is pushed higher again. The game often runs on the same principle. The big player first pushes the price higher, many traders see a strong green candle and now enter. This is where the big player starts to get out of the euro. For this, initially little by little Bid is thrown in the market to sell the euro. Finally, the new buyers continue to believe that the price continues to go up. More retail traders enter the market and the big player gets its best out of its position. This happens exactly from point F. As a rule, I note the following, when the strong movement has gone up, I do not get in anymore. Because I do not want to be the one who helps the big players get out of their position cheaply. Because if the get off, a turnaround is likely.

The fac,t that the price is still up for a while is due to the retail traders, who believe that it is still going up. The big player sells its euro in small numbers so that the price does not fall too low. At point G many retail traders notice that there is no one who drives the price higher and a small panic sale begins, to get a good exit. At point H, a big player catches the course and pushes it up. Now the retail traders are getting back in and the big player is starting to buy the dollar sideways. A extreme stopfishing is omitted this time, because there were not many participants who would have expected falling course.

After that, the course was pushed to the point K and there was a re-distribution phase. Bid was collected there again and the course continued down. From point L, the big player has started to get out of the dollar. We recognize that the retail traders are basically used as cannon fodder to support the goals of big players. We have to keep in mind that the big banks sometimes make 60% of their total profits with the forex market. The forex market is for the big player a money printing machine. Anyone who believes that this described approach is always the same, is foolhardy. There are different market participants with different intentions. We also have to watch out for the high frequency traders, who are totally confused supply and demand. You can find some reports in this blog.

The tricks of high frequency traders

The hard unvarnished truth

Learning from high frequency dealers

Those who ignore these things will inevitably lose, lose and lose again. The whole strategies with market technology, indicators, trend trade, MACD, RSI are doomed in the long run, if one does not know, what happens in the market right now. If you know in more than 70% of the time whether the dollar is being bought or sold, or the euro is being bought or sold, you can take a look at the market and possibly guess what might happen next. Unfortunately, that does not work with the forex data because we just do not have enough information. Although the time and OHLC data are correct in the forex market, they lack the volume data (bid and ask) and the number of trades. Therefore you can not do without the stock market data. But also the pure stock market data are interesting only, if you use a Prop stock exchange software. This Prop software translates the stock exchange data for your requirements correctly. And now comes the biggest challenge. The setup and setting of the Prop Exchange Software. This takes the biggest time because the market never works equal.

There are many trainers who offer their strategies for volume trading. What they tell, is the biggest nonsense. The first time you see a footprint chart, the volume profile, or a DOM, you think this is the solution to all the problems. But you can not identify absorption with a footprint chart or the volume profile. At the beginning, the new stock market data is like a new indicator, one realizes that one eventually gets stuck and certainly can not find the holy grail. There is only one way to be profitable in the long term. You first have to know what's happening in the market right now.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

For that, the sideways phases are a decisive clue. I like trading in the sideways markets, which dominate the market 70% of the time. Of course I occasionally take a strong move up or down, but that's just a small side income I never count on. The sideways markets are very interesting. Suppose the course comes from above and there is a sideways market. Why is a sideways market forming?

Because the big players first get out of their positions or sub-positions and then absorb Bid or Ask. This means that in the first half of the sideways market positions are closed and in the second half Bid or Ask are bought. Therefore, the first half of the sideways market is a safe channel for me. Because the big players are slowly emerging from their positions while the retail traders believe that it goes up or down. The course is slower but you can trade very safe in a range. Once the absorption starts, you have to interpret it correctly if you want to take the strong move afterwards. As soon as a stronger absorption begins, the previous range is left, where you have to pay attention to an increasing volatility. I like doing downward movements as they run 30-40% faster and I have a lower risk. There is a detailed report on this:

Who is faster the euro or the dollar?

Let us now turn to the stock market data translated by a Prop software. Our project # 7 is about optimizing the settings in order to be able to detect possible absorption more quickly. This gives me the opportunity to determine the position on my navigation map.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In my Prop software there are unlimited possibilities to analyze and highlight different clusters. I can decide if I want to analyze Bid, Ask, Delta, Volume, Ticks or Time. Min Value, max value, Bid Ask imbalance and Delta filter can be set. You can filter between bullish and bearish candles, the price range and the average number of trades. If I want to highlight a certain range within the candle, this is very variable possible. The presentation of the ad is very flexible. I do not write that to advertise this prop software, (because there are significantly cheaper software) I write this to you to describe the next experimental setup more precisely. For me, a software was decisive, with which I can identify very different clusters very flexible.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

On the left side I have filtered the clusters that have at least 50 lot Ask and at least 50 Lot Bid in a bullish candle. This will enable me to detect within an uptrend when the euro may be bought and sold again. The ask in a bullish candle is often the push up, while the bid can often signal the selloff. I deliberately emphasize the word "can", because a bid can also be a dollar bought.

On the right side I have filtered the clusters which have at least 50 lot Ask and at least 50 Lot Bid in a bearish candle. This will enable me to recognize within a downtrend when the dollar may be bought and sold again. The Bid in a bearish candle is often the push down, while the Ask can often signal the sale of the dollar. Now it's time to label the navigation map, to see if my settings help me. After that it's about the optimization. This should serve as a simple example, but you still have to pay attention to many more things. I recommend working with a footprintchart, as it allows you to identify the number of lots in the Bid and Ask. This can simplify the cluster search.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

From the previously identified map can now determine certain zones. It is well known that the big players run certain zones over and over until they stop working. Then new zones are searched. However, this depends on the extent to which retail traders are willing to buy Bid or Ask.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The zone marked here is also interesting, after that, the price has gone down by 100 ticks or 50 pip in forex. Interestingly, I would have drawn this zone in the forex market wrong, even with a tick chart.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

With the stock market data, I was able to identify two strong moves that were a strong resistance area for me. Although I was not able to predict which of these two zones would push the price down, it became apparent that the dollar was being bought more heavily in the lower zone. That was the crucial point to decide on another short. Of course, there could have been a Stopfishing, then you would have been stopped, but would have had the chance for another entry.

This should only be a simple example of ways to better identify the market. However, you need more information, such as the time and sales list and the DOM. Basically, this does not always work, because the market in my view is random and therefore can not be grouped. Nevertheless, certain information helps to make assumptions that increase our probability of winning. Every trader has to create this setup individually, so you don t need any coaches. A few good books and a lot of time in front of the screen bring the necessary success, with time being the deciding factor.

Unfortunately, there is little information on, how the big player works. Good, if you know some high frequency traders or big players. But also their ways of trading change with time. With today's computer technology, self-learning algorithms and today's market conditions, one has to assume that every day it will be more difficult to survive in this market.

We know, not the big ones eat the little ones, but the fast ones the slow ones. That's why even smaller traders have a realistic chance in this market. And we should use this opportunity.

I wish you a successful trading week

best regards

--- 帖子 #1120 ---
Euro buy or sell, dollar buy or sell?

Hello dear subscribers,

In the last article I tried to describe a few approaches of the big players. The problem that we have in the forex market, is that we do not receive any Ask or Bid that is importend to the price. For this reason, I use the stock market data to obtain this very important information. Anyone who has ever worked with stock market data will quickly find out that the information about Ask and Bid is not the holy grail. Ask stands for the purchase and Bid for the sale. If a price is going down and I see a high number of Ask in the footprint chart, it does not necessarily mean that someone buys the euro. Before the course can go up again, two things have to happen. The big player has to get out of the dollar first, so he has to sell it first. Ask is thrown into the market to sell the dollar. So, if a large number of Ask shows up after a downtrend, this could be a sale of the dollar. Once the big player is out of position, a sideways market may emerge. Within this sideways market Bid or Ask is collected again. Conclusion: A high number of Ask can mean two things: the dollar is sold or the euro is bought. A high number of Bid can mean: the euro is sold or the dollar is bought. I have already described this situation in detail in the article

Identification of the Big Player

In my cluster project, I have now tried to divide the different movements in the course.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

A red circle in the chart means the dollar is being bought, a blue circle means the dollar is being sold. A green square means that the euro is bought and a yellow square that the euro is sold. The different size of the respective symbols depends on the number of the respective Bid or Ask. The settings I have made in the cluster search are, first of all, a rough approximation to a possible solution. The result is so interesting that I like to publish it.

Point A:

After a downtrend, we are initially in a smaller equilibrium. At first, smaller participants try to push down the course even further, but there seems to be resistance there. Then you see that a larger number of euros are bought. The course moves slowly upwards.

Point B:

The Euro Buy continues, with some blue dots now showing that the dollar has been sold. This shows that some participants who bought the dollar at Point A were stopped out. That's a good sign of another uptrend.

Point C:

The price is now higher and you can see that the Euro is selling heavily. As a result, the course goes down a bit and it creates an equilibrium.

Point D + E

Within the equilibrium, a larger number of dollars are purchased. The course will be pushed up again until the point E and then goes down sharply.

Point F:

At point F, the price initially stops, but you can see immediately that the dollar is now being bought heavily. After that, the price goes down.

Point G:

Here the dollar is bought again strongly and one recognizes that already the first participants get out of the the dollar.

Point H:

After the price has gone down even more, more participants get out of the the dollar.

Point I:

The first participants are already starting to buy the euro again and the price is going up.

Point J:

Now more participants are joining in, who buy the euro stronger. Although there are partial sales in the euro, the price is initially in a Equilibrium bring, but within this equilibrium, the euro is bought even more. The sluggish price trend suggests that few big players were involved in the uptrend. From this one can conclude that the downtrend is not over yet.

Point K:

After the price has gone down by a few euro sales, from the point K the euro is bought stronger again. The course now runs to the point L.

Point L:

At point L you can clearly see, that the euro is selling strong. This is an alarm signal that it may not go higher. At the same time the dollar is bought stronger. A sign of a pending downtrend.

Point M:

From here, the price is pushed down stronger again and you can see that in the course of the course again dollars are bought, which accelerates the price further down.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

On the right side of the chart, you can see that after the downtrend, a stronger uptrend begins that goes to point 1. Then there is the typical stop fishing, where the price is pushed down sharply. With the green arrow, I started my video, because I assumed that the course is now going uphill again. The background was that until the point 1 strong Euro were bought. The blue line I have drawn in the video, as the course at the green arrow is slowly upwards. Next to the DOM I used the time and sales list and a spread tape. On the upper right side, I filtered the number of Lots from 1-20. Although the big players are also working with larger volumes thrown into the market, they prefer to work with algorithms that buy smaller quantities of Ask or Bid within the sideways markets. Here I noticed that the algorithms like to use 5 and 8 Lot. However, it is still too early to make concrete statements. Here is the video first

Inserted Video

In the video you can clearly see how the number of euro purchases increases sharply. It is interesting that in the beginning a high number of Bid comes into the market, which are however absorbed immediately. This can be seen very well in the DOM. Then the course goes up.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Overall, the course went over the last high, as I had suspected. However, the course has been slow to run up and you can see at the high that the participants have dropped out of the euro. Thereafter, the dollar was bought heavily, which caused a strong downward trend.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

At 14:30 CET most of the big players got out of the dollar, you can see that in the blue big circle. Then the course in wavy lines has gone up 18 pip.

Conclusion:

Of course, my settings are not 100% correct yet and I still need to make some improvements. Nevertheless, it is very clear how important it is to distinguish whether the euro is bought or the dollar is sold and whether the dollar is bought or the euro is sold. In combination with the DOM and the time and sales list you get a little bit closer to the solution. In principle, the price history tells a story and if one day I am able to break down this story more precisely, you can use it to optimize its profit probability. But there is still some time left to make concrete statements. The fact is that you do not get this information in the forex market. But exactly this information is important to make concrete action decisions. When you get specific information, the price history is not just a wild back and forth, but tells us a story we can follow. Maybe my current attitude is a pure coincidence and might not work so well in other situations. That's why I need some more time to optimize the settings and adapt to the respective market conditions.

But the result so far looks promising in any case.

Since we have a holiday tomorrow, I wish you a successful trading day tomorrow

best regards

--- 帖子 #1121 ---
Wow Bionic, This research is beyond fascinating and useful!

Is this data displayed generated by some code you created or is it something that the brokers software provides?

--- 帖子 #1122 ---
Hello boyzi,

Thank you for your kind compliment, I am pleased if the subscribers in this blog take advantage of my work. Basically, I only trade in the forex market, because the profits are highest there and the execution is guaranteed at any time due to the turnover size. (Exception in extremely high volatility phases). I trade in the forex market, but make the trading decisions only on the basis of real stock market data. The stock market data I receive from CQG and let them translate me from a prop software. The data from the Forex market, I only note in terms of currency strength.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

For my special evaluation and representation there is no generated code. With a special software but you have the ability to individually filter the stock market data. You can make sure that 100 lot Ask in a bearish candle with an imbalance of 71% is then displayed in a colored quadrate if certain criteria are met. This is a crazy job that every trader has to individualize for himself. This allows unlimited filtering and there are several millions of different settings. For me it is crucial whether the market buys the euro, sells the euro, buys or sells the dollar. If, in a rising market, the market goes out of the euro and the dollar is bought at the same time, I will no look for way up rather look for a way down. When many retail traders buy the dollar, and the big players buy the euro at the same time, I'm looking I for way up.

These settings must be adapted to the respective market conditions, as the situations are always different. I am glad that I act exclusively in the EURUSD, so that I only have to concentrate on one market. With my attitude, I am also able to recognize when the stops of the traders are triggered. This is a good confirmation of a future strong trend. However I stand with my attitudes still at the beginning. It is good that I can adjust the different market conditions in the area of volatility with a time adjustment. The London open and the New York open are different in their conditions, that must be considered. In principle, the software is like a kit with many Lego bricks. You can build a house or a car and you are very flexible. However, you need a lot of time and patience.

If you look at the video from my last post, you'll see what data needs to be processed. Anyone who claims that trading is very simple, deserves nothing else than just losing. There are very few people who trade profitably. The reason is simple. These traders are doing an insane effort to find out what's happening in the market right now. The big players do not invest a few hundred million dollars for their analysts and traders for nothing. If trading was that easy, the big players would be stupid, as they spend so much money on analysts. The big players are actually smarter than anyone else. They win in 90% of the cases and their profits are twice as high as their losses. It is clear against whom we compete daily. That's why I'm working so hard.

I will never be a big player, but it is enough to follow them 10 times a day. The small profit they give to me does not stand out, but for me it is a confirmation that I'm on the right track. But I would like to emphasize once again that successfully trading in the long term is more than a challenge. You have to be highly concentrated every day and know the market 100%. Not in vain can just 2.5% of all traders live on it. I've spent almost 40,000 hours in front of the screen in over 10 years and still find trading a challenge, but it's a lot easier for me today than it was at the beginning. I'm convinced that some traders can make it on this blog as well and I'm keeping my fingers crossed that you too will one day be one of them. You already have the will to learn, you can be proud of that and that is the first and most important step.

Everything else brings the experience.

Lovely wishes

Michael

--- 帖子 #1123 ---
I am very interested and appreciate this thread. I'm looking at and studying all the posts in this thread. Hoping to find more knowledge to consolidate my supply and demand knowledge. As well as price action when price return to those supply and demand zone.

--- 帖子 #1124 ---
Hi Bionics, what is your experience, or knowledge about CME  Group Vol2Vol tool?

--- 帖子 #1125 ---
Hello sangnt0904,

First of all, welcome to our blog, I am very pleased that supply and demand arouse your interest. In this blog you will find many ideas  about trading. In addition to great auxiliary indicators you will also find specially created auxiliary indicators of mine, which help you in many areas. These indicators are described in detail and there are extensive examples with many pictures and videos. Every trader has to find his own personal setup, for that this blog has been created. It is a kind of buffet, where each trader can use individually to create his optimal setup. I would be very happy if this blog helps you to be more successful.

I keep my fingers crossed for you and wish you much success.

All the best, Michael

--- 帖子 #1126 ---
Hello Js3mwtRc,

the Vol2Vol Expected Range Tool is an interesting way to show different volume and open interest values. However, you only get the Open Interest values in the Russian market and unfortunately not for the EuroFX. Unfortunately, I have no experience with this tool, because I work with a Prop software that translates the stock market data individually. What matters is what data you need to derive trading decisions from. Volume data is not required to trade successfully, there are many traders who can manage without volume. Many have discovered the volume because it represents a different view of the market. It is in principle like a new indicator in MT4. I traded successfully for 10 years without volume, which would have made no sense in forex. The volume (Bid and Ask) is useless in its pure form. Because if a large number of Ask comes into the market, that does not mean that the price has to rise. Only then, if the trader is able to filter this data for himself, he can derive an advantage from it. And this filter setting is an individual setup that takes a lot of time and patience. To this topic I will publish until the day after tomorrow an interesting article that sheds some light on this.

I wish you a nice weekend.

best regards

--- 帖子 #1127 ---
Help for better trade

Hello dear subscribers,

This post is about important information that makes trading in the forex market much easier. First, you will get some information from the futures market, which are essential for trading in the Forex market. It's about understanding the way big players work to avoid the mistakes of most traders. In addition, you will receive a detailed explanation of a trend strength indicator that gives you important information in daily trading.

In our project no. 6, we first checked whether the data from the futures market would bring potential advantages for trading in the forex market. This result was clearly positive. In our current project no. 7 we want to find out, how to set and filter the future data in order to obtain an informational advantage. In the forex market, I clearly get less information than in the futures market. This is primarily due to the volume that can not be displayed correctly in the forex market, as it is calculated from the tick volume. The reason for this can be read here:

Volume in forex

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The volume in the futures market is calculated from the number of bid and ask. The delta volume is the result of ask and bid. In this example, the horizontal and vertical delta volume (ask-bid) was used. This information does not exist in the forex market, as no bid and ask is provided by the banks. Although there are indicators that supposedly map this information in the MT4, but this representation is wrong. When faced as a forex trader for the first time with a footprint chart presented here, one quickly believes that one can use this information to find the holy grail. But that is unfortunately a big mistake. However, you have to know that bid and ask are the only reason why a price moves. Therefore, this information from Bid and Ask is essential. In a footprint chart, the number of bid and ask is shown exactly. The big problem is the time in which it is formed. A H1 footprint chart shows the accumulated Bid on the left side and the accumulated Ask on the right side, which are traded at each price level. What you do not realize is how often the price has gone back and forth within this candle. This makes it difficult to determine certain resistance zones. Iceberg orders as well as absorption in accumulation and distribution phases are thus very difficult to identify.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In order to actually recognize what is happening in the market, it is important to work with a time and sales list, the DOM, a spread tape and a sorted volume. It is crucial to filter the data according to the respective volatility to get specific information. Anyone who has previously traded only in the forex market, for whom it is a great challenge. Many big players work exclusively with this information and usually do without a chart as we know it in Forex. I have only been working with this form of representation for six months and today I am able to derive important information that has often protected me from major damage. More information is not always an advantage, the right information is crucial. But unfortunately we do not get this crucial information in the forex market. I will deal with that again in a separate article.

Inserted Video

To get a better impression of how this presentation works in practice I would like to show you another video. At the time of the video creation, my assessment was bullish. In the video, I predicted a share price, which was also achieved overall. Pay attention to the high number of Ask that has come to the market. This can be seen in the DOM and in the time and sales list. In addition, you will also find my sorted single volume there. It is noticeable that here relatively few large Ask Order come into the market, but the market with small orders is driven upwards. Since the time and sales list lists the order cumulatively, this can only be seen in the sorted single volume.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I would like to show you a concrete example. In the Asian market, the following scenario occurred on 5 November at 4:00 CET. In the downtrend that occurred before point A, the euro was bought heavily. At Point B, a big player pushed the price down sharply, causing Point C to trigger retail trader stops. Thereafter, from point D, the price was pushed up again. At Point E, I showed this strong candle once in the footprint chart. With this information you can start relatively little, so I have allowed myself to expand this information.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

This 30 second candle consists of a total of 17 price levels (17 ticks in the futures market or 8.5 pips in the forex). Here I would like to outline what information is available in the futures market. First of all, we recognize the volume. The volume is the addition of bid and ask that came on the market at a certain price level. In addition, we see the individual division of Bid and Ask. The delta is the result of bid and ask. If more Bid than Ask was traded on a price level, the delta is negative. In addition to the delta, we find the number of trading transactions, but it can not be deduced from how many participants have completed these transactions. To filter that out more, you have to work with a 1 tick chart. In a 1 tickchart, only one trading transaction is shown.

This immediately shows how much solder a single trader has given up. In addition to the trades you can see how long the price has been in the individual price levels. Unfortunately, the time here is a bit inaccurate because it is not calculated in milliseconds. However, you can see that in the time and sales list. Right next to it, I once listed the imbalance in bid and ask, which of course you can set individually. On the right side you will find a value: Volume / Trades. The larger this value, the fewer trading transactions were involved in the volume. This is an interesting way for me to identify the big players. Of all this information, in the forex market, one could just calculate the time in seconds a price spent in a particular price level. (However, such an indicator is not known to me) All other information can not be displayed in Forex. In this example we see at point A how a big player drove the price down. The value volume / trade is above average. Thereafter, the course runs to the point B. There, the stops of retail traders are triggered, who have previously bought the euro. It can be seen that an above-average high number of Bid traded on 4 price levels. These stops seem like a chain reaction. As soon as a stop is triggered, the course jumps down, triggering the next stop. So the big player only has to push the course down once until the first stop, then there is a fireworks display down. Now the price is accelerating downwards and you can see at point D how the big player starts to buy the euro in the downtrend. Then the course is pushed up.

Please read my article:

Euro buy or sell, dollar buy or sell?

It is crucial to know whether a bullish candle is the result of buying the euro or selling the dollar, and whether a bearish candle is the result of a dollar buy or a sale of the euro. These factors are a crucial element for a possible probability calculation. If a bullish candle is caused by a strong euro buying, it is more likely that the price will rise in the medium term than if this candle comes through a strong dollar sale. The background for this. If a big player leaves the dollar in a falling price, there could be several reasons. He no longer believes in the dollar or he has reached his goal. As a rule, big players never sell the dollar low as they hold larger positions. If a big player sells the dollar he has to bring Ask into the market. Either slowing down a falling course or the course starts to rise. In order to get off the dollar well, the big player needs participants who continue to believe in a falling price and bring a higher number of bid into the market. Precisely for this reason, a big player gets out of the dollar even before the low with its main positions. However, there are still other participants in the dollar at this time and these participants must get out of this dollar. This increases the likelihood that the price may fall further. That's why I have to differentiate between buying and selling.

A trend upwards usually proceeds as follows. An accumulation phase arises, the big player is already out of the dollar with its main position. Within the first half of this accumulation phase, the remaining dollars will be sold. In the second half, the big player starts to buy the euro. Often it then comes to Stopfishing, the price is pushed down strongly, as in our example. The strong upside comes from the fact that the big player is selling his dollar (which he bought for stopfishing before buying the euro). The upside now runs to the point where the stopfishing started down. Most traders are cautious as they believe the price could go down sharply again. Now the big player pushes the price strongly upwards, the fewest market participants are in this push with it. Now many traders see a strong green candle and massively enter the euro. This situation is often used by the big player to get out of his position now. After the big player is out of position, he uses the on-going course to buy the dollar. At some point, the retail traders notice that there is no longer anyone who buys the euro. Now everyone wants to get out of his euro position. The price is going down and a small panic sale is starting. This accelerates the downtrend and the big player starts selling his dollar. If you see a strong bullish candle after a slight uptrend, you must be aware that the big player is already starting to exit the euro. This means that the subsequent uptrend is much slower than the previous breakout. However, the subsequent uptrend could be a safe bet if you have the right information. The big players have a major disadvantage over the retail trader. They can not just press the button to buy in the Euro FX 1000 Lot Ask on a price level. And just as little are they quickly out of the market. They must take a high risk by starting to collect ask or bid. In many situations, they often go down a lot until they have the chance to drive the course in their desired direction. It is often said that the big players work together. I'm less convinced of that. Rather, I believe that the other big player recognizes what's going on in the market right now and follow the other. The win of the two big players will be a little smaller, but it's still better than fighting each other. Therefore, it often seems like the big players work each other. No matter what, the loser is always the retail trader.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

To distinguish these different purchases and sales, I use an individual algorithm that helps me to differentiate between the different positions. These filter settings are adjusted and changed daily by me. The individual volatility in different market situations must also be taken into account. This is a crazy job, as there are several million different filtering options. My filter settings currently only refer to the EURUSD otherwise such an approach would not be possible in terms of time.

With these filter settings, I am still in the initial stage. I got the idea while creating a post for FF. As you know, this blog is a kind of diary for me, which adds to my English skills. Writing down your thoughts often results in the best ideas. This set-up is the biggest challenge of my trading career so far, and I'm convinced that it may take years to find the optimal setup for me. Therefore, initial mistakes are unavoidable.

At Point A, the course opens with a bearish gap and initially goes up. At Point B, you can see how smart money buys heavily the dollar. At Point C it is noticeable that the euro is bought heavily. At first the price goes down and there is a pullback upwards. At Point D, retail traders are starting to buy more euros, while smart money is rising out of the dollar. Basically, this is a good starting point for a possible upward price trend. If the big player pushed the price higher at point D, there would be too many retail traders who would eventually start selling the euro again. That would slow down the course massively and the big player would not be able to get away with his position. For this reason, the big player initially drives the price down to trigger the stops of retail traders. After that, the way up is free. From point E the course is pushed down. It starts a chain reaction. The first stops of the retail traders are triggered and drive the course now more down. Starting at point G, the big player begins to buy into the falling price by selling his previously purchased dollar and buying the euro. He will no longer get many euro positions in the price development, he has already acquired his big Euro purchase at point C anyway. At Point H we can see that the first retail traders are already leaving the euro. This filter setting includes both the big players and the retail traders.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In the following filter setting I tried to emphasize the big players a bit more. The larger euro purchase at Point A has an interesting resistance effect. It can be seen after the course has gone through this resistance zone that it runs more strongly upwards. After that, the big player starts to get out of the euro in small units. It is a mistake to assume that the big players always bring a high number of lot in the market. The opposite is the case, because with a high number of lots, the big player can be quickly identified. The big players work with algorithms that make sure to buy 100 times 4 lots in seconds, than once 400 lots. Of course, the number of lots is different, because 100 × 4 lots can also be identified.

Ten years ago, the action in the Dom was still a comprehensible matter. In the DOM you will find the limit orders waiting to be executed. If there was a many of lots on the Ask side at that time, it could be assumed that the price would go up as soon as it reached that price level. But it is clear that if every market participant can assume that the price will go up there, this approach is no longer worthwhile. Then the first big players started spoofing. High limit orders were issued to signal interest in the DOM and deleted shortly before execution. After that, the price was pushed in the opposite direction. Spoofing still takes place in the Future Market, but does not have the same effect as it did many years ago. I do not pay any attention to the limit order in the DOM. Much more decisive for me are the orders that are deleted or added shortly before the execution. For some years there has been a very interesting trick with which the big players gain advantages in the market.

A course goes up and on the highest point, 80 lot Ask come into the market. The retail traders see this big order and start buying the euro. After all, this order was actually abandoned and the big player seems to have thought something of it. With its algorithms, the big player manages to sell this large order immediately in small pieces and then push the price down sharply. That means a big order can do exactly the opposite. Therefore, it is crucial for me to know the difference between Dollar / Euro - buy / sell.

In the forex market, the big players have sophisticated computer systems to detect inconsistencies in the currency pairs. These inconsistencies usually last only a few seconds. With so many market participants and the large daily volume of sales, it is more important to keep an eye on the development and cash flow than to recognize an undervalued currency. This advantage does not have the retail traders in Forex market.

Basically, I recommend working with stock market data and studying the habits of big players closely. Big players dominate the market and the only chance to win is to follow them. For that, I have to know exactly what is happening in the market right now. If you do not have sophisticated computer systems available, you have to work with stock market data to have a higher chance.

If these stock market data are not available to you, I would now like to show you an idea that I had for many years and realized in the last year. Please take a look at the following article in this context. Below I will explain this indicator exactly.

Determine trend strength in any period

The indicator can be found here for download

Update smZigZag-Bionics and smZigZag-Bionics Osc

A ZigZag indicator is completely unsuitable for accurately predicting future market movements. The last zig-zag line will not be completed until the market direction has changed. This means that the last line will not be set until after the course has changed direction. Zag Zag lines should not be confused with trend lines. The presumed accuracy results from the subsequent adaptation. This means that a supposedly completed line can also be extended. The last line is always reserved and has no bearing on where the market is next. Thus, to work with the indicator for a future price forecast is completely unsuitable. Nevertheless, the ZigZag indicator provides a visually highly visible picture of the direction of the market and the extent of trend and correction movements. The length ratio of individual lines can give indications of the expected extent of market impulses. I wanted to implement this advantage for a trend strength calculation. As a rule, a ZigZag indicator shows the length of a trend line and the number of candles within that trend line. I have modified this information. Dividing the trend length by the number of candles gives you the average candle size of each candle. From this one can derive a trend strength. For the example below, I have modified an existing indicator, the numbers above or below the candles indicate the average candle size in pipettes. You can download the indicator at the end of my article. Basically, I recommend to use the indicator in a tick chart because it gives significantly better results there.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Let's start with our example with stopfishing in the Asian market on 5 November. The chart was created with a 128 tick chart in the forex market.

Point A

The downtrend had a magnitude of 14 (each candle averaged 1.4 pips). This value was already significantly higher on average than the other trends. That showed me that there was a strong downward pressure. At point A, I drew a line that was a possible future destination for me. But initially the course went up again.

Point B

Here the uptrend reached a magnitude of 4.3 which signaled to me that the uptrend had become very weak. I drew a finish line again. At first the course went down again.

Point C

The downtrend reached 4, indicating a possible equilibrium. This downtrend was initially not strong.

Point D

Now we have a stronger pullback upwards with a value of 20. Again, I drew a finish line. After that course went down.

Point E

The downtrend had a magnitude of 11.3 and went above the point C. This means that the downtrend had now gained significantly in strength. Since a strength of 20 was achieved at point D, this line was now my new target. The course went up again.

Point F

My finish line was not reached and the uptrend had a magnitude of 7.3. This shows that the upward movement has dropped significantly and the downtrend with 11.3 was much stronger. The course went down and reached my finish line at point E. Thereafter the course accelerated and continued to run down. The new target zone was now at point A with a strength of 14.

Point G

The price did not reach the target zone of point A and had a value of 5.7. This means that the downtrend had eased a bit. My target zone was still at point A. The course went up again.

Point H

The strength of the trend was 5.2. This showed that the uptrend was weaker than the last downtrend. The assumption was now obvious that the course could reach my goal of point A. Then the course went down.

Point I

The price went very well through my goal at point A. In such a case, you have the opportunity to pull the stop down to hedge a partial profit. Then you can continue the course or you can get off the finish line from point A. The strength of the trend was 17.9. Here too I drew a finish line which later became interesting. The following upward trend had the goal point H and then point D.

Point J

The finish line at point H was reached and had a strength of 11.1. In addition, the line of Point H was overcome. My new goal was initially at point I, but based on the price history, one could already guess that it could be a Stopfishing. Thus, the first target point was at point A and the second target point at point I.

Point K

Interestingly enough, the course is right up where the stops were triggered. The strength was 6.9 and the downtrend has decreased significantly. My new goal was now at point J.

Point L

The price continued to climb, reaching my goal of Point J, closing at 5.1. This strength was relatively low and the new target was at point K, as it had a magnitude of 6.9.

Point M

The goal at Point K was not reached and the strength was 6.2 well above the last uptrend. So you could guess that the course could run again in this area.

Point N

The trend strength increased to 18 and showed now another strength upwards. My first target was at point M and the second target at point K.

Point O

The strength of the downtrend was 12, which was significantly stronger than the last downtrend but at point N was a magnitude of 18 and above at point D a strength of 20. So there were more reasons to run up than down. The goal of point N and D has been reached.

Basically, a course always moves in undulations up and down. Of course, the zigzag indicator only gives out its information relatively late and you have to know that the current number can still change. Nevertheless, this indicator gives an interesting overview of the existing strength in the market. It is important to correlate the strength of the upward and downward movements in a trend. From this, possible goals can be derived, which of course are not always achieved. It is always only about probabilities, that we must never lose sight of. In addition, you still have the option to switch to a smaller time unit to read smaller movements. Please note that the 128 Tickchart average is a 2 minute chart. Up to 16 Tickchart you can get interesting information. This gives you the opportunity to react much faster to possible trends.

Let's look at another recent example from the EURUSD from last Friday 10:00 to 13:00 CET.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Point A

The downtrend had a magnitude of 8.1, which was a relatively low value during this volatility phase. The course initially went up.

Point B

The following upward trend had a strength of 13.9. The assumption was that the price could move higher. Initially, my goal was at point A.

Point C

The subsequent downtrend had a strength of 21, the goal of point A was not reached. The strength of 21 indicated a more imminent downtrend.

Point D

The following uptrend had a magnitude of 20.5. The previous downtrend was a bit stronger. With the two equally strong trends, my assumption was that it could be a kind of equilibrium, the new target was now at point C.

Point E

The goal of Point C has been reached. The strength was 10 and so the downward trend was significantly weaker. At point D was a magnitude of 20.5. Since this goal was not reached yet this was my new goal.

Point F

The new uptrend had a magnitude of 6.2, well below the recent downtrend. My goal was now at point E.

Point G

The goal Point E was reached, then accelerated the course down. The strength at 12.0 was stronger than the last downtrend. As before, for the uptrend, my goal was at point D.

Point H

At 20.0, the upward trend became much stronger.

Point I

The subsequent downward trend of 12.3 was well below the last uptrend. The goal of Point G was not reached.

Point J

With 13.0, the uptrend was significantly weaker, the goal of point H was reached.

Point K

The strength of 29 at point K was an interesting aspect. The downtrend has increased significantly and may have been facing a major downtrend. As before, my goal has been the uptrend at point D. With this indicator you will often find that a strong pullback up or down announces an imminent strong trend.

Point L

At 13.5, the uptrend has increased little over the recent uptrend. The underlying downward trend was significantly higher at 29.0. The goal of point D with a value of 20 was not reached. The downtrend of 29 was significantly larger than the target at point D. The first downtrend target was at point K, then point I and then point G. With a good stop strategy, one could have optimized his profits here as well. In the lower area at point M to P, an equilibrium was initially formed.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here I once presented an example in EURUSD in four different time units. The setting of the zigzag indicator is 4/2/1. The advantage of this presentation is that we have a nice overview of the individual trend strengths in the long term as well as in the short term. Nevertheless I recommend you to use a tickchart. I work very successfully with the following four time units: Tickchart 64, 256, 1024 and 4096. This corresponds approximately to the M1, M5, M15 and H1. However, the representation in the tick chart is much more accurate. The big advantage of a tick chart lies in the presentation of the price development. If the volatility is small, a tick chart forms fewer candles. If volatility increases, many candles are formed. This makes it possible to define its resistance zones more precisely in periods of strong volatility. If there is nothing going on in the market, there are only a few candles, and when it burnes around, there are many candles. A breakout in the M1 is often just a big candle. In the tickchart 10 candles are formed in the same time. Thus, the advantage should be obvious.

You have two options for working with the two different indicators. The bionic zigzag indicator, which you can download in the upper link, has a few flexible options in the setting. However, it indicates the trend strength in Pip. The modified zigzag Easy 1,2 is only displayed in one color, but has the advantage that it provides up-to-date information relatively quickly. It's best to try both to find the best one for you.

Making short-term trade decisions with these indicators is not recommended. Since I myself worked with resistance zones in the area of supply and demand, this indicator regularly provides me with good information about the currently existing trend strength in the market. This gives you interesting information and a small information advantage over other market participants. In order to obtain concrete information, one must inevitably resort to stock market data. If this is not possible in the short term, this indicator gives you another chance to see what is happening in the market right now. I hope that this information will help you a bit and I look forward to the feedback.

I wish you a great weekend

best regards

Attached File(s)   ZigZag Easy 1.2.ex4

21 KB
|
590 downloads

--- 帖子 #1128 ---
Hi

i have on chart ZigZag Easy 1.2: only one, yellow colour.

1. where  is indicator as on your picture with 4 colours , as per time frame?

2. what are those numbers before and after  . (point)?

3. in very plain English explain how to interpret those numbers, please.

Thank you

--- 帖子 #1129 ---
yeah I found a indicator or something similar a while ago on a futures forum, but was expensive and wasn't sure if it was worth the investment or not, always seemed logical to measure the move in that way ...well to me anyway

--- 帖子 #1130 ---
[quote=YYZ;12609351]Hi i have on chart ZigZag Easy 1.2:

Hello YYZ,

First of all, welcome to this blog. As desired, I'll try to answer your questions very easily.

To Question 1: The indicator has been modified, so the color is white.

To question 2: It is the same indicator, the line colors can be set individually.

To question 3: The numbers result from: Length of a line divided by the number of candles.

To question 4: In my contribution: Help for better trade I have created two concrete examples to describe the indicator in detail.

More information can be found here:

Determine trend strength in any period

Please click on the link

I hope that I could help you

best regards

--- 帖子 #1131 ---
Help for better trade

Hello mikeeating,

First of all, welcome to our blog and thank you for your kind words. I am very happy if this contribution helps you:  Help for better trade

Price formation is very similar in the forex and futures market, so the indicator also gives you specific information in the forex market. I do not work with the ZigZag indicator in the futures market because it does not give me the information that matters to me. Maybe I take the time to reprogram the indicator in the futures market, but at the moment the indicator in the forex market is enough for me.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Unfortunately, the delta and a volume display in the Forex market is not possible, since this requires the specific number of Bid and Ask. The volume in the forex market is calculated on the ticks and is therefore inaccurate or wrong. The other 3 data ticks (pips), bars and time can also be displayed in the forex market. By dividing the total traced pips of a line by the number of candles, this results in an interesting strength calculation, which can be used well in some areas. I like to work with it because this auxiliary indicator tells me the current trend strength in different time units. Medium-term trend changes can be see early on.

I wish you every success and look forward to your feedback.

best regards

--- 帖子 #1132 ---
Hey bionics

going back at opening your thread it shows prediction for 2018 and now is end of 2019( 300 pips below opening on 01-01-2019)

In meanwhile you developed many indicators, The way you used past data how it fit in 2018 and 2019 outcome....

Thank you.

--- 帖子 #1133 ---
Hello YYZ,

The background to my contribution was primarily to highlight the EURUSD's price appreciation, which has taken place in the past 40 years and less to make a serious forecast. In the contribution EURUSD from 01.Jan 2018 I have used the following sentences:

Of course, this conclusion is purely hypothetical, since nobody knows the future. Please do not take this vision seriously, but ... closing your eyes to the past will blind you to the present.

Tell me the past, and I want to know the future. Confucius Post in Thread EURUSD

Link of my post

In a similar post from 06.Jan 2018 I have used the following sentences:

Of course, this conclusion is purely hypothetical, since nobody knows the future. It's also not about being right, it will certainly be different, but it's also interesting to look at the probability calculation.

Tell me the past, and I want to know the future. Confucius Post in Thread The Equilibrium, a key to success!

Link of my post

In my post on 23.Jan 2018 I have in the blog: EURCHF made aware of the situation in the Frankenschock and wrote:

The course has still not made it into the POC zone after 940 days. Now we are approaching a decisive phase. I think we will reach the zone relatively quickly. And then? Now I recommend that you watch this zone as you enter the course. It seems like the zone could push the course down and give us some good shorts.

The key "Equilibrium"

Link of my post

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

From my marked zone, the course has gone down 1,100 pip so far, but this view of me was pure luck and has nothing to do with knowledge or experience. Basically, every trader makes a forecast when he starts or ends a trade. The intentions for such predictions are different and often involve luck in a random market.

The probability to make a correct prognosis is 50%. That's why I've tried to formulate my opinion about a future price course very carefully.

In the past, I had insufficient information in the forex market, which I could now optimize with real stock market data. The best indicators are only useful to a trader if the data in the MT4 are correct. Unfortunately, in the forex market we can only rely on the time and price data. But Bid and Ask are the only reason for a price change and we do not get exactly this data in the forex market. So it's clear that most indicators do not provide the information we need.

It is not possible to forecast a course over a long-term period. In my next post, I will discuss this in detail and describe a possible solution.

I wish you a successful trading week

Best regards

--- 帖子 #1134 ---
@Bionics

Thank you for your excessive respond...Also from past I saw you have EURUSD on chart going back to 1971...I tried to increase history on my chart Tools=> Options => charts and I increased numbers but no effect at all , still showing only to 1995...

Is that broker issue or I have to do something else to get 1971 like you have on your charts?

In that case analyzing yearly chart maybe possible to get idea at least of initial intention of market makers...

Again thank you for your time.

--- 帖子 #1135 ---
[quote=YYZ;12620309]@Bionics Thank you for your excessive respond...

Dear YYZ,

Extensive answers often help to avoid misunderstandings while expanding the knowledge. It is important to me to formulate prognoses or possible price developments very carefully in order to avoid possible losses for others. This blog is an opportunity to bring together traders who do not need fixed and pre-set setup rules but want to create their own custom setup. That, in my view, is the only way to succeed in the long term.

Most brokers provide data in the EURUSD since 1995. This data can be expanded for free and easy. Here you will find a video.

The data update of the history database

After you have downloaded the data, you have to refresh in the chart from M1, M5 ... to MN, so that the data in MT4 is updated with the data of your broker. Then you have the course dates starting from 1971. I can not guarantee if the data are all correct. In addition, I recommend you create a backup copy (template or profile) of your M4.

I hope this helps you further.

best regards

--- 帖子 #1136 ---
hello Bionics,

I noticed that the indicator zz easy, marked in yellow, then in white the label of the number of pips of the zz.

Could you modify it to have the color red instead of yellow.

for ease of reading

Thank,s

--- 帖子 #1137 ---
Hello mchl13,

I hope you are fine and everything is working. I'll see what I can do.

best regards

--- 帖子 #1138 ---
Hello mchl13,

It went faster than expected, you can now choose the color yourself. The final number is still yellow, however.

best regards

Attached File(s)   Zig-Zag Easy 1.2.ex4

21 KB
|
664 downloads

--- 帖子 #1139 ---
Mad world

Hello dear subscribers,

The stock market world, as we know it, has not existed for a long time. When we think of Wall Street, we see brokers shout at each other and acting with each other. Stock exchange trading today takes place beyond the major stock exchanges, usually in large data centers of banks and institutions. While in the past traders were decisive factors in trade, they were long since replaced by physicists, mathematicians and programmers. At the heart of today's trading decisions are the algorithms that control highly complex trading bots. Over 10 years ago, the first high-frequency traders who penetrated the stock exchange markets in order to make life more difficult for banks, asset managers, life insurers, pension funds and investment funds became established. The three most common strategies used by high-frequency traders are the provision of liquidity, arbitrage, and the detection of liquidity. When providing liquidity, high-frequency traders behave like traditional market makers: they offer buying and selling prices, but without the commitment of traditional market makers to always be present on the market. In doing so, these dealers access a strategically sophisticated software environment.

Inserted Video

Interesting high-frequency trading algorithm that has taken place in the S & P 500 futures contract. In 7 seconds, there were over 7,000 trades (52,000 contracts). The video shows in 7 minutes what happened in the 7 seconds.

In 1,238 trading days, the largest high-frequency trader made a loss on only one day, at the same time Goldman Sachs came to 124 loss days. Goldman Sachs tops the charts with a 90% win rate, but the largest high-frequency trader Virtu is still significantly better. Scientists working on Virtu's trading activity found Virtu not taking much risk in trading. High frequency trading is a worthwhile business. The big players have long recognized this and made a counter-stroke. They work with the same tricks to compete in the market. As a result, three major banks were also fined millions of dollars for spoofing. Therefore, the market has become even more confusing and harder. And in the future it will be much harder to earn money in these markets.

Although there are many more private traders trading on the stock exchanges than big players, the turnover of big players is well above retailers at 90%. For the stock exchanges, the big players are therefore clearly more important, what that means, is clear for everyone. There are significant differences in data feeds and fees, as well as the speed of order execution. The big players are able to trade millions of shares within 2 minutes without overly large orders. This is made possible by the special algorithms that take over the trade.
While the traders continue to upgrade, the stock exchange supervision hardly comes after. Traders generate up to 1,000,000 data records per minute via Eurex alone. If you want to track down grievances, you can immediately get a container ship with printouts of trade data. Complete monitoring of market manipulation is therefore no longer possible. That an authority can do something with the complicated algorithms, is also difficult to imagine. This facilitates future market manipulation. Techniques were banned by the stock exchange, where an algorithm stops orders in the trading system that should not be executed at all. However, it is hard to imagine that Deutsche Börse voluntarily puts rules in its statutes that annoy high-frequency traders. Its ten largest customers generate 50% of sales and provide additional liquidity in many markets.

As retail traders, we do not have complicated algorithms, fast data cables, high-performance computers or the capital needed to move markets. That's why we need to look more closely at the big player approach. Between the high-frequency traders and big players, I would not like to differentiate at this point, since the big players have already begun to work with the tricks of high-frequency traders. It is crucial to know the way of working in order to draw insights that protect us from possible losses.

Spoofing
The practices often used in the past are called smoking or spoofing, which enables large market participants to gain trading advantages at the expense of slower acting business partners. This is because very short-term participants analyze the purchase and sale orders very precisely because they hope to obtain information about imminent price changes. For the big market participants, this offers the opportunity to simulate large orders, which in reality do not exist by the rapid adjustment. The other traders can not analyze these orders in the short term and are confused. Since they do not know which orders are correct and which are only fictitious orders, this gives the large market participants a time advantage, since they know their right orders. The big orders are then withdrawn at lightning speed as soon as the big player has executed its set counterorder in the market. Many high-frequency traders place their computers not so close to the exchange's main computer to trade faster, but to be able to cancel orders at lightning speed.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Many market participants are guided by the set limit orders in the Oderbuch, which represent the relationship between demand and supply. Some years ago, on the New York and German Stock Exchange more than 90% of orders were not executed. Therefore, I strongly recommend to pay less attention to these limit orders. While a good prop software can detect the deleted and added limit orders, in very volatile phases this is often useless. However, deleted limit orders help identify a new demand or offer. Certain algorithms use these phantom orders to try to get the opponent's algorithm to buy. It analyzes when the opposing algorithm begins to abandon its buy order. After that, exactly that number of limit orders that trigger the opposing algorithm are given up. For this reason, it will still continue to come to the known spoofing.

News Reader
It is a software that is able to read current business news into the marketplace by launching a specific algorithm that immediately places buy or sell orders in the market before the actual prices can react.

Arbitrage
Here, price differences are exploited on different stock exchanges. Thereby, papers are bought on one stock exchange and immediately resold on another stock exchange. The price differences are small, but the larger the number of pieces, the sooner the deal is worthwhile.

Pinging
An algorithm is programmed to send small orders to different exchanges to find out where liquidity exists and at the same time to look at the trading books.

Snipping
With small, quickly issued orders, the market is searched for hidden orders. The goal of finding large buy and sell limits of other traders. Just before these thresholds, which promise the release of large orders, then the own orders are placed. The limit orders of the other participants will be triggered much later and drive the course in the desired direction of the big player.

Scalping
The faster the respective system, the higher the decisive advantage. As soon as the systems detect large order volumes, they are on the market at lightning speed. So you can buy even cheaper than the other dealers. Even before you can govern, the dealers are already outside again and the course turns immediately in the other direction. The slower traders are virtually eaten by the market.

Quote Stuffing
This is a fight between HFT algorithms. Some of these companies have chosen to fool their fellow competitors by placing thousands of orders within a second and immediately deleting them. This can be up to 15,000 orders within a few seconds. The point is that other algorithms have to handle this flood of data and are thereby deceived. The algorithm that sends these data knows that they are wrong and need not be analyzed. This saves time and they can wait for opportunities in the market that the other algorithms fail to recognize due to their "preoccupation" with the fake orders.

Wash trades
I have already described this approach in previous posts and is particularly controversial. The trader deals with himself here. He hunts his buy order up to his sell limit order, which then pushes the price down immediately. Or, in a rising market, a turnaround is suggested in order to buy cheaper again before the market turns sharply upwards again. The goal is to push merchants out of the market or to induce them to make transactions that they probably would not have done in other circumstances.

Front Running
This procedure is particularly nasty. A player is to buy a specific currency pair at a specific price for his customer. The player buy for himself, before acting for his client. Since this procedure is forbidden, the trading is done by another company. This makes it harder to prove an offense.

Big buy, small sell
This is a procedure I have been able to observe myself in the last few months, that's why I called it that. On a high, suddenly a huge purchase order is placed in the market. This purchase order is not a bogus order but an order actually placed in the order book. Traders see this single order and start buying. After all, a big player does not invest such a large order for nothing. The big player is starting to sell up his big order in small pieces. As a result, the price does not go up. Then the big player pushes the course down. As many buyers enter the market there is enough liquidity available. Once the Trader's first stops are triggered, there is a chain reaction down. Already there the big player gets out again. On his big order, the big player loses maybe a few dollars, which he get back but immediately.

Fake resistance zones
Since many traders believe in resistance zones, the big players produce artificial resistance zones by bouncing off the course at certain price zones. These resistance zones are exploited to get high liquidity at this price level, which is detrimental to most retail traders. Since many traders work with the Fibonacci, this type of trading is also incorporated into your strategy. At the 50 retracement, the price is pushed up, which attracts many buyers in the market, the short time later all are stopped. It does not matter if you work with an MA, Fibonacci or Candle Patterns, what we see is really different. How else can you explain that over 90% of traders are wrong?

The tricks of the big players create a false truth about supply and demand. The only truth is the resulting candle, but the moment we see the candle, that's already the past. Individual papers can lose 20 or even 40% of their value within seconds without fundamental justification, only to recover a short time later. Once the algo trade has spied a strategy, it is outdated. This approach makes the entire fundamental analysis almost superfluous.

Here you can see a Nanex animation of the S & P 500 futures during the Flash crash on May 6, 2010.

Inserted Video

Market depth is a possible step to analyze demand and supply, but usually uses limit orders, which often give a false picture of demand and supply. Much more important seem to be the orders actually placed.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

An important insight is that predicting a future course from the current track is wrong in most cases. The recommendation that we pay less attention to the current chart image and focus more on the Equilibrium. So on the small breaks in which the price is balanced.

First, we should deal with the reality that awaits us in the market.

There are 12 big players in the forex market that account for 85% of the total market. Essentially, these banks control the price performance of the EURUSD. However, the willingness of individual retail traders to invest is also highly dependent on this. As we know, the big players in an equilibrium or sideways market must raise ask or bid to then push the price in their desired direction. It is crucial in which amount the retail traders are willing to invest ask or bid. As a rule, the retail traders are encouraged by the big players to make certain investments at certain price levels. The big players are able to project typical resistance and support zones to deceive retail traders. But this approach does not always work as the big players imagine. Therefore, they are trying all tricks, to lure the dump money on a wrong track. Spoofing, fake resistance zones, Big buy, small sell and stophunting are just a few of the endless possibilities to get the money from retail traders. When a big player has collected a large amount of Ask, news, politics and currency strength are no longer important. Even if news or politics point to dollar strength, the big player will push the euro higher to realize its gains. Therefore, news or political circumstances are often not relevant. The decisive factor is what happens in the market right now. Will the dollar or the euro is bought, will the euro or the dollar is sold. This situation needs to be analyzed daily and can change at any time. Of course, the central banks play a decisive role.

The big players rarely buy the euro at the low and usually never sell it at high. Likewise, they rarely buy the dollar high and never sell it low. The background is that the big players are implementing a high amount of lot. A big player buys the euro and pushes up the price. More traders enter the market and ensure a further increase in prices. To get out of the euro, the player now has to bring a high number of bid into the market. But there must be traders who continue to believe in the euro and invest in the market so that the big player can sell his euro. To get a good price, the big player has to get out of the euro before the high. This way of working distinguishes the big players from the retail traders. The most successful big players are day traders who realize their main profits within a day. Even more successful are some high frequency traders.

So it's always about gathering in the sideways markets Bid or Ask to realize profits. This situation can change any time a big player leaves his position. For this reason, a long-term forecast of a price development is not possible. The key is to recognize whether Bid or Ask is being collected. Unfortunately, no indicator in the forex market is able to recognize this, as no bid and ask are published in the forex market.

A short-term forecast is also not possible because the big players first collect a certain number of bid or ask in order to move the price in the medium term. If you are able to find out what the big players are collecting, it is possible to anticipate the medium term movement. Unfortunately, the exact time of an outbreak is difficult to see ahead.

In the following video, I have set up a cluster search in which, using bid and ask, the market divides as follows: buy euro = green square, sell euro = red square, buy dollar = red circle and sell dollar = green circle. The filtering takes into account both a certain number of trades, an imbalance, an identification of the big players, and the delta between ask and bid. The setting is still incorrect, but should clarify the future goal.

Inserted Video

You can already see the individual relationships between bid and ask and the resulting results. The filtering has to be optimized and adapted to individual market situations. From this one can not fundamentally derive a future movement, as the big players often work with a time delay. You must first collect before pushing the course in a particular direction. This approach is interesting in the sideways markets or within an equilibrium. There you can implement the information faster.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Let's summarize the information briefly again

Point A
First, we realize that there is a stronger dollar sale, then the euro is bought on a larger scale, the price goes up.

Point B
Already here, a stronger euro sale takes place, which indicates that the price could not rise so much.

Point C
Already here, the first larger dollar purchases take place, the price goes down for a brief moment and is pushed up again.

Point D
Here comes a big dollar buyer in the market and pushes the price down a bit more.

Point E
In the smaller equilibrium you can see that the euro is bought very heavily at the end and the price goes up.

Point F
The euro sellers hold back first, when the course runs down the dollar is bought heavily.

Point G
Here, the euro is bought stronger and pushes the course again stronger. A short time later, a strong dollar buyer came into the market, pushing the price down.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

If we look at an M1 in EURUSD at the same time, it quickly becomes clear that we can not read this information based on a candle. That is also clear, because the important information of Bid and Ask is missing.

Conclusion

Whether the price rises or falls more or less in the short and long term is unpredictable. Predictable is that the course moves in waves up and down. Trading is always in the direction that promises the most profit for the big players, and that may be identifying in a medium term area. The crucial zones are the sideways markets or an equilibrium. There is often collected in the second half, a larger number of bid or ask, which can anticipate a possible future price course.

With the optimal filtering of individual clusters, it is easiest to be able to recognize what is happening in the market right now. The way the big players work is not like a racing boat but rather a container ship. Sometimes collecting bid or ask can take days before a sharp price move up or down. And a big player does not always have to be active in the market. Often the smaller players are allowed to operate in the market and big players only intervene in certain regions to build certain fake resistance zones, which are then exploited at the crucial moment.

The real stock market data have clear advantages over the Forex data, this is undisputed. But the trick is to filter that stock market data. The information obtained from this must show a trader whether a bullish move is caused by a euro buy or dollar sale. That's a big difference. If the bullish movement comes about through a dollar sale, it is likely that an equilibrium will be created first, and the euro will have to be rebuilt before the price moves higher. If the bullish movement is created by buying more euros, there is a greater likelihood that the market will continue to move higher. In addition, you should also pay attention to Euro sales and dollar purchases.

With the correct filter setting, triggered stops can also be displayed. This is just before major outbreaks a crucial indicator of the future price performance. The challenge is the exact filtering of individual data. And that is the crucial point, which will take a lot of time. In my opinion a decisive strategy to survive in this tough market in the long term.

I wish you a successful trading week

best regards

--- 帖子 #1140 ---
Great stuff. Thanks for the information.

Trading is all about orders (passive and aggressive). The volume of orders move price. The sooner everyone understands this the better their trading outcome will be.

--- 帖子 #1141 ---
Hello corinthia,

First of all, welcome to our blog and thank you for your kind words. I agree with you absolutely, because the order volume with Bid and Ask is an important factor, which unfortunately is not available in the Forex market. Since I have traded very successfully in Forex for 10 years, I first wanted to find out why this worked without bid and ask. I found the solution for this in the futures market and through my extensive research of the big players. Since trading, I've realized that the big players are driving the market. Mad world (Tricks of the Big Player)

I have been studying their way of working for many years, but in the Forex market, there were no concrete approaches to more accurately analyzing their plans due to insufficient data. I've had a lot of conversations with friends and acquaintances who have traded in mutual funds and banks. First I could understand and implement this information only with a professional Prop software correctly.

In the past I have oriented myself to supply and demand and I have followed the equilibrium. I never bet on breakouts but I try to follow the short trends in the sideways markets. In this equilibrium or sideways markets, the big players collect bid or ask to push the market in their direction. For me, the sideways markets were first and foremost a safe haven as I could earn up to 10 pip in 5-10 minutes.

In doing so, I oriented myself to resistance zones that enabled me to get in and out well. These resistance zones are partially artificially created by the big players to collect a certain amount of bid or ask and prevent the traders from following them in the breakout. These fake resistance zones actually worked, but only in the sideways markets, as the big players there are as tame as a lion who has just eaten a gazelle. As soon as the big players have finished their collection, the theater starts, to stop as many traders as possible. So I had to trade where the big players were tame, in the equilibrium.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The EURUSD in the forex market is still the best choice for me to trade. The specific information, I get from the stock market. My entry-level decisions in the forex market, I meet only with the data from the stock market. As I've already said, the filter capabilities of Bid and Ask are infinitely large, so it will take many more years to get an optimal filter setting. On my chart I need the following information: Euro buy, Euro sell, Dollar buy, Dollar sell, Stop Loss buy and Stop loss sell. This information must be created for the big players and for the retail traders in three different time zones: Asia, Europe, USA. A crazy job because it requires analyzing and evaluating some 1000 candles in a 30 second footprint chart. Today's results so far show interesting aspects that could pay off in the long term.

As a full-time trader I have enough time and motivation to devote myself to such a project, we can be curious what comes out of it.

Best regards

--- 帖子 #1142 ---
Deep in the market

Hello dear subscribers,

Like me in my last post: Mad World

over the Big Player tricks wrote, a long-term and short-term prediction of a price course is hardly possible, since the Big Player are rather medium-term oriented. The goal in our new Project No. 8 is to enable the identification of the following scenarios:

When will the euro be bought?
When will the Euro be sold?
When will the dollar be bought?
When will the dollar be sold?
When will stop loss buy be triggered?
When will stop loss sell be triggered?

I have already published a rough overview of this goal.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In addition I recommend to read the first half my contribution again.

Help for better trade

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In the Asian market, the following scenario occurred on 5 November at 4:33 CET. In the downtrend that occurred before point A, the euro was bought heavily. At Point B, a big player pushed the price down sharply, causing Point C to trigger retail trader stops. Thereafter, from point D, the price was pushed up again. At Point E, I showed this strong candle once in the footprint chart. I first examined this candle in more detail.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

This 30 second candle consists of a total of 17 price levels (17 ticks in the futures market or 8.5 pips in the forex). Here I would like to outline what information is available in the futures market. First of all, we recognize the volume. The volume is the addition of bid and ask that came on the market at a certain price level. In addition, we see the individual division of Bid and Ask. The delta is the result of Bid and Ask. In addition to the delta, we find the number of trading transactions, but it can not be deduced from how many participants have completed these transactions. To filter that out more, you have to work with a 1 tick chart. In a 1 tickchart, only one trading transaction is shown. This immediately shows how much Lot a single trader has given up. In addition to the trades you can see how long the price has been in the individual price levels. Unfortunately, the time here is a bit inaccurate because it is not calculated in milliseconds. However, you can see that in the time and sales list. Right next to it, I once listed the imbalance in bid and ask, which of course you can set individually. On the right side you will find a value: Volume / Trades. The larger this value, the fewer trading transactions were involved in the volume. This is an interesting way for me to identify the big players.

Of all this information, in the forex market, one could only calculate the time in seconds a price spent in a particular price level. (However, such an indicator is not known to me) All other information can not be displayed in Forex. In this example we see at point A how a big player drove the price down. The value volume / trade is above average. Thereafter, the course runs to the point B. There, the stops of retail traders are triggered, who have previously bought the euro. It can be seen that an above-average high number of Bid traded on 4 price levels. These stops seem like a chain reaction. As soon as a stop is triggered, the course jumps down, triggering the next stop. So the big player only has to push the course down once until the first stop, then there is a fireworks display down. Now the price is accelerating downwards and you can see at point D how the big player starts to buy the euro in the downtrend. Then the course is pushed up.

The problem is that although the bid and ask options in the futures market are different, but the number of trades between bid and ask not exist. I first wanted to find out if such a distinction is important to understand this situation even better.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In order to be able to penetrate even deeper into the market, I first called up a 1-tickchart and analyzed these 30 seconds more closely. Since a 1-tick chart only consists of individual points in the chart, I have used the Heiken Ashi for a better representation, since he always includes the close of the last candle. This makes the course clearly visible. The deviation caused by the smoothing of Heiken Ashi is within acceptable limits. In the picture below you can see the split between Bid and Ask. In the 1 tickchart, each stroke is a trade made by a trader. In the 30 seconds we look at, the biggest buy order was 8 lots and the biggest sell order was 14 lots. Nevertheless, 1373 lots were traded in 30 seconds. In the 30 seconds, the price went through a total of 17 price levels. I first assigned the number of bid and ask to each price level to find out how many bids and ask trades have taken place. Overall, I had to assign 788 trades to the price level.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here we have the result.

Point A
The total volume (addition of bid and ask) is already known and can be seen in the image.

Point B
Unfortunately, the number of trades quoted in the futures market always refers to the total volume.

Point C
Likewise, the number of bid is known on the individual price level and is shown in the picture.

Point D
Here you can see the number of trades that refer to the Bid. I have not yet found such a representation in the futures market.

Point E
The number of each Ask can be displayed individually at each price level.

Point F
Here you can see the number of trades that relate to the ask of the respective price level.

Point G
The volume delta results from the difference between Ask and Bid. If more Bid than Ask has been traded, a negative value will appear. This form of presentation is also known and used in the futures market.

Point H
The trades delta is the difference between the number of ask trades and the number of bid trades. Since there was no distinction between the number of trades between Ask and Bid, these values could not be used so far. Anomalies between the volume delta and the trades delta could be interesting.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The result of points C and D is given by points A and B. Here, in principle, the distribution or proportionality between Bid and Ask is shown. For the number of trades that was not possible. At first glance, the proportionality of points C and D seems to correspond to the proportionality of points G and H. Nevertheless, there are some anomalies that should be considered even closer.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

From the data obtained, there are now three different factors.

Point A
Dividing the total volume by the number of trades gives you a number. The larger this number, the more likely the involvement of a big player in the price level. This is usually because a big player trades more Lot , than a small retail trader.

Point B
Here the value Bid / Trades was determined based on the new calculation basis.

Point C
Here the value Ask / Trades was determined based on the new calculation basis.

The average result volume/trades, Bid/trades and Ask/trades does not identify at first a big player. When this calculation was made in the Asian market, I assumed a value of at least 1.9 to identify a big player at the price level.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here now a division was made. The yellow marked fields indicate a possible participation of a big player (> 1,9) within the respective price level.

Point A
When looking at the total volume, it seems at first that the big player has invested, in the upper range, 23 and 59 lot Bid, to trigger the price slide down. Likewise one recognizes in the lower third a participation of the Big Player.

Point B
After splitting the trades between bid and ask, we get a very interesting presentation. Initially, a higher number of Bid is invested at the top of Point C to push the price down. This triggers possible stops, which I marked in blue. You realize that the values are well below 1.9. In the lower part of the big player has invested another 61 Lot to even take out the last stops.

Point D
At the same time, it is possible that the big player has already bought Ask in the yellow marked boxes while the course goes down.

By the time the big player pushed the price down, there were participants who entered massively into the falling price. At the low of the candle, the big player sold his dollar in small numbers, so that the course went up again. There was enough liquidity, as most participants assumed that the price would continue to go down.

In the lower section you can see the overall result, divided into Big Player and Retail Trader. At point B we see the big player investing 363 lots to push the price down. He triggered a few stops. The value of 682 lots not only refers to stops being triggered, but also traders who entered the falling market and bought the dollar.

It is very clear that an accurate evaluation will never be possible. But I'm convinced that the division of trades by Bid and Ask can bring a clear lead. Similarly, the trades delta should bring another and very big advantage.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

We recognize that we can extract interesting information from a normal footprint chart that can give us a clear edge over other market participants. And nothing else is so importend in the training business. We smaller retail traders do not have the money to move the market, but with the right information we can react much faster. Nowadays it's not the big ones who eat the little ones, but the fast ones the slow ones. If you want to have an information advantage, you first need meaningful information. I hope I could show you a way to get that information. The difficulty that arises then lies in the interpretation of the respective information.

And that's exactly what we will be dealing with in our new project number eight.

I wish you a successful week

best regards

--- 帖子 #1143 ---
The wrong truth?

Hello dear subscribers,

Some universities have studied the quality of decisions in recent years, depending on the amount of information available. The question was, is more information leading to better decisions? It turned out that more information is not crucial, but the quality of the information.

In Forex market, we rely on the information we receive from our broker. Because of this information, we risk more or less every day a small fortune. Too much information hinders our willingness to make decisions, so we need a small amount of accurate information. The first question we need to ask ourselves is, is the information we receive in the forex market correct and of high quality? I have already answered this question in my contribution Forex versus future for me.

Forex versus future

The fact is that the quality of the available data in the futures market is 200% better than in the Forex market. That is the reason why I base my trading decisions in the forex market exclusively on the data of the futures market. Why should one act with lower quality data, after all we risk a lot of money every day.

That was the reason that I first informed myself comprehensively in order to get a high-quality data source. This data source initially consists of genuine stock market data, which is identical for all market participants. The next step was to present these complex stock market data in such a way that they gave me a concrete insight into the market situation. The result is very satisfactory so far.

I would like to give you a short example.

A trader friend and I bought a MT4 tickchart a year ago that could be used in the forex market. Although we were at the same broker, our tick chart chart view was always different. No matter how we calibrated the data, we were simply not able to create the same chart image. Now that we are working with real stock market data and a professional prop software, this problem has been solved. Whether we are working in a 1-tickchart or with a volume chart, we always have the exact same chart image. This situation facilitates a joint analysis.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

If you analyze my main screen, you will notice that there are no more typical candles there. Inevitably one will ask the question whether a profitable trade with this data is even possible. First of all, the quality of the data was a decisive factor for me. This data now has to be filtered in our project number eight so that concrete action decisions can be made. For this, it is first necessary to deal with these stock market data closer. I will show some examples from my trading screen at the end of the article.

One reason why I said goodbye to the typical Forex market price scale, because that view is a truth that does not really exist. For this we can do a very simple experiment. Take a transparent piece of paper the size of your screen and draw random horizontal lines. Then place this piece of paper over your screen. You will realize that your marked resistance zones work well. I made this experiment directly on the screen. First, I have arbitrarily plotted horizontal resistance lines in an empty chart. After that, I faded in the candles. In the following video you will see how my randomly drawn resistance zones work terribly well.

Inserted Video

We recognize that randomly drawn resistance zones will always work in a market. However, this is pure coincidence and has nothing to do with actual resistance. You can do this experiment yourself and you'll be amazed how well the course reacts to your resistance zones.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here you can see the price history in EURUSD within the last 14 months in H4. We humans always have the habit of describing a random price trend with the help of horizontal, vertical or trend lines in order to create an order that can be traced for us. But this supposed order is a false truth. There is no top or bottom in a price because the price is not based on resistance zones, but exclusively on bid and ask. Of course, resistance zones work every now and then, but a reliable statement can not be derived in principle. Excluded are resistance zones that result from supply and demand. However, the creation of these zones requires many years of experience and is supported by the individual intuition of the individual trader.

Everything we see on the chart is nothing more than an indicator that at this moment represents a past price in the form of a candle. This means that everything we see has already happened and with it the past. One of the reasons why I chose stock market data was the opportunity to see part of the future. Now you'll be wondering how stock market data can put you in the future, and for that we need to first learn about the DOM (Deep of Market). A DOM, or Level2, is a source that we receive as a direct data feed from the stock market, providing insight into how other market participants are trading. For swing traders, the order book is often not as crucial as it is for day traders or scalpers.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Let's take a closer look at Point 1 at this DOM. At Point A we see the price leaders and see the spread of 1 tick between the Ask (green number) and the bid (red number). At Point B we see the sellers who placed their sell limit order on ask. The number 1 symbolizes one lot each on the Ask side. At Point C, we see the buyers placing their buy limit order on the bid. The number 1 symbolizes a lot on the bid side. Point D shows with 21 the number of buy limit orders on the bid side. Point E shows with 23 the number of sell limit orders on the ask side. So what we see in the DOM are the so-called limit orders, which were put into the market before and waiting to be executed. And exactly this view is a piece of the future. It shows the willingness of buyers or sellers to trade at a certain price level. Of course, limit orders are also added and deleted at any time, yet it is also a view for the future. Initially, these limit orders are at the respective price levels and await execution. These orders provide liquidity in the market and show the willingness to be picked up at a certain price level. This information is not available in the forex market and thus a serious disadvantage.

What you can not see in this order book are the buyers or sellers who spontaneously enter the market (market order) or possible stops from traders, which are in principle nothing more than a market order. The challenge now is to see if this picture of supply and demand is representative of the current market. Depending on the market situation, these numbers move quickly back and forth and it is often difficult to keep the right overview. However, these settings can be filtered to keep track even in volatile markets. The limit orders are only on the individual price levels and do not move the market initially. Only the aggressive market orders ensure a market movement. An advantage of trading a limit order is reducing the likelihood of slippage, the downside is that anyone in the market can see your order. The DOM is very flexible, you can see the individual volume of the last months at each price level, which saves the view in chart histories. Supply and demand can be seen at a glance. This saves time and is more effective.

Point F

At the price of 1,10050 a buyer gives up a 2 Lot Market Buy Order. The spread is 1 tick. This order absorbs the two sell limit orders on the ask side. (Point G)

Point G

The price jumps first to the 1,10055, (Point H) and the two sell limit orders are in the market. There is a bigger gap between supply and demand in the market, the spread opens (Point I), because there is no further buy limit order at the price level 1,10050. This situation is evidence of uncertainty. If a seller were to place 5 Lot Bid on the market, the price would drop to 1,10040. Gaps are dangerous for traders who work with stop-loss. If this is not guaranteed, it may end up losing more than the stop loss, because the position can not be closed until the next tradable price, that is, the price after the gap. Future price gaps can already be identified in the stock market.

At Point J, we see that the total number of the sell limit order has dropped to 21.

Point K

A buyer puts a buy limit order on the price level of 1,10050 in the market, thereby reducing the gap from 2 tick to 1 tick. (Point L). The total number of buy limit orders increases to 22 lots. (Point M) This information in the DOM is the fastest that can be obtained and is an indispensable tool for scalpers.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In the following example I would like to show how a price gap arises in the market.

At Point A we see the buy limit order on the bid side. There are 21 buy limit orders (Point B) on ten price levels. On the ask side we see the sell limit order.

Point C

At the price levels 1,10060 and 1,10065 there are no sell limit orders waiting for execution and there are a total of 20 sell limit orders in the market. (Point D)

Point E

At the price level 1,10050 comes a buy market order with 6 lots. First, two lots on the Ask side (1.10050) and then three lots on the 1.10055 price point are absorbed. Another lot of the buy market order has yet to be executed.

Point F

The small gap of 1,10060 and 1,10055 is now skipped and at the price level 1,10070 one lot is absorbed. This initially raises the price to 1,10070. The spread gap is initially 4 tick (Point G). The number of sell limit orders is reduced to 14. (Point H)

Point I

At the price levels 1,10050-1,10065, additional buy limit orders are added, and the spread gap closes (Point J). There are now 25 buy limit orders and 14 sell limit orders in the market. (Point K).

This process has created a positive gap. The market participant, who has given up a buy market order of 6 lot at the price level 1,10050, is already three ticks in the profit by this situation. Additional sell-limit orders were added, thus preventing a downward gap. Depending on the time unit you can see the gap in the chart. Often a gap takes place within the candles and is thus usually no longer identifiable. This means price gaps arise due to lack of liquidity on the ask or bid side.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

We often see in the chart that a price is higher and immediately lower again. This can have different reasons, one reason I want to show you now, which has to do with a lack of liquidity.

Point A

At the price level 1,10050, a buy market order with 24 lots is traded. These 24 lots absorb the Sell Limit Order on the Ask side. The course jumps up to the price level 1,10095. (Point B) The spread between bid and ask increases to 10 ticks. (Point C). The total number of buy limit orders is initially at 21 lots (Point D), but new liquidity is added immediately (Point E). The number of buy limit orders rises to 26 (Point F) and the spread between ask and bid drops to 7 points. (Point G). At the price level 1,10095 a sell market order of 8 lot comes in now. (Point H) This order first goes through the price gap and absorbs 8 lot on the bid side. The price stops at 1,10045 (Point I). There is additional liquidity on the ask side, (Point J) which allows a further downward price trend. On the bid side there are now 18 lot and on the ask page 29 lot (Point K).

We recognize here an interesting phenomenon. 24 lot have pushed up the price by 10 ticks, while only 8 lot, the price by 11 ticks have driven down. They recognize the importance of existing liquidity in the market. And it is precisely this liquidity that can only be identified with stock market data in the order book. In very volatile markets, there is often a lack of liquidity, which ensures rapid price jumps. This often creates high risks, which are underestimated by the market participants.

Now let's look at why we are often not picked up on the market with our limit order. The submission of a limit order in the market is similar to a checkout in the supermarket. Anyone who wants to pay has to queue up in the queue.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

At Point A the price is 1,10050. At the price 1,10055 you issue a sell limit order as you believe the price will now go down. At price level 1,10055 there are still three traders ahead of them waiting to be executed. They line up as number four in the queue. (Point B). First comes a buy market order of five lots in the market. (Point C). The participants in front of them are picked up and they are still the only one on the price level 1,10055 (Point D). The number of sell limit orders has been reduced to 20 (Point E). Now comes a Market Sell Order in the amount of 7 Lot in the market (Point F). The Market Sell Order first absorbs the bid and lowers the price to 1,10045 (Point G). The spread between supply and demand increases to three ticks (Point H). The total number of buy-limit orders has fallen to 14 and possibly additional liquidity on the bid side will reduce the spread between supply and demand.

If I give up a limit order in the futures market, I will see in the form of an approximation on which position I am in the queue. This is an extremely interesting tool. Unfortunately, I do not receive any information about this in the forex market.

Summary

Let's first of all note that liquidity is provided by the limit order in the market, these show future interest on the ask and bid side and provide a rough overview of supply and demand within individual price levels. Spoofing can cause changes. The market order e.g. Sell and Buy Market, Stop loss and Take Profit move the market by limiting or absorbing. The volume of Bid and Ask is the result of these struggles and is responsible for the price changes. If the spread increases and at the same time few limit orders move up, this indicates an uncertainty in the market. Also, a high number of deleted limit orders indicate the intention to fake a wrong offer or an incorrect demand. This can be valuable information. Likewise, one can more quickly identify volatility, absorption, and strong resistance, thereby making better decisions. Therefore, this volume is a crucial factor in trading decisions. Of course, this is not the holy grail, trading will always be a challenge, the question is what data they base your decisions on. To be honest, if I had to drive against a fixed wall at 30 miles, I would rather risk it in a Mercedes S-Class than in a Mini Cooper. Of course, an S-Class costs much more than a Mini Cooper, but that's worth my life. In the stock market environment, we risk our dearly earned money, the question is what data we rely on.

With the DOM in the stock exchange market, I see with Ask and Bid the past, the present and the limit orders a little bit into the future. In the Forex market, I only see the past, because Ask and Bid do not exist. Everybody should think about that.

Let's go back to the information on my main screen and look at the volume of the last 71 seconds, last Friday, in Euro FX.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In the picture we can see the Smart Tape at point A. In addition to the exact time we see the price levels of ask and bid, as well as the traded volume. Right next to it I have created a 1 Tick Chart. At Point B we see the candles in the shape of a Heiken Ashi, as we normally do not get any candles in the 1 tickchart. Beneath Point C we can see the individual layout of Bid and ask. The Smart Tape provides us with the information from the 1 Tick Chart. Every number we see stands for a trading business that a maximum of one trader could give up. In the chart analysis, we can see exactly how far Bid and ask are changing course. At Point D, we see that a higher number of bid came into the market, but it did not manage to push the price down further. Then 18 lot ask came into the market, which brought the course completely up again. Opened on Sunday night, the price developed bullishly until Monday 9:00 am and managed to push the price below the last minute candle of Friday at 10:30.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

On the left side (Point A) you can see a footprint chart of the last 71 seconds. At Point B, I have shown the ask, bid, delta, and volume. At Point C we see the total number of bid on the left and the total number of ask traded on the right. A total of 26 trading transactions were processed with 36 bid and 33 ask. On the right side we see the time and sales list with current information. Particularly interesting are the sizes at Point D, they show the remaining limit order on the ask and bid side with every tick change. Depending on the filtering, you are thus able to capture supply and demand even more efficiently.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

With the right software you will be able to filter the number of bid and ask to give us important information. The last 71 seconds I have filtered out once for you. At Point A you can see the filtered bid and ask according to the respective volume. In the smart tape at Point B, I summarized the volume for a better view. This is particularly interesting in highly volatile markets. In the spread tape, at point C, you get an important view with the delta. This is the cumulative delta of Bid and Ask. So you can analyze trend reversals very well.

The featured tools are just a small selection of unlimited options to work with. Every trader has an individual view of the market and the opportunity to find his optimal tools to get a correct market view.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

My main screen initially contains different representations of the market. As a scalper, I need up-to-date and very fast information which I would like to present in a clear way. Of course, this is a project that is improved and adapted daily. With a 100% chance, this screen will look completely different in half a year. The only constant in our lives is change and in the stock market the situations change daily. These changes must be met with an optimal overview to make his trading decisions. The basis of the data is already optimal, since it is stock market data. The challenge now is to find a view that increases the number of correct trade decisions. This is not an easy goal, but it's the only thing worth pursuing. The goal may never be 100%, but according to Pareto principle, 80% is enough to get the best results.

Since I've been working with supply and demand anyway in recent years, not much changes in principle. Only the quality of the data has become more extensive and high quality. The results so far are also promising and possibly worth this effort.

Due to the translation, misunderstandings may occur in some areas and I apologize for the inconvenience.

I wish you a successful trading week

best regards

--- 帖子 #1144 ---
Manipulation in the market

Hello dear subscribers,

In the market, there are many conspiracy theories that the big players manipulate the market in their favor is the most known and an undisputed fact. Some even argue that the markets are manipulated only by a certain force, because such extreme market movements can never be generated by a common acting group. We want to take a closer look at this assertion.

What exactly is the interbank market?

The interbank market is the market where money and credit business takes place only between banks. Banks and financial institutions trade with one another in the interbank market, lend each other money and can thus ensure that they remain liquid. Securities, money, foreign exchange, precious metals or derivatives are exchanged in the interbank market. The interbank market is assigned to the money market. The rates of currencies are not determined by a government as long as they are freely tradeable and not linked to another currency. They are based solely on supply and demand. Forex trading is usually OTC, i. E. it is not centrally organized, but takes place directly between the market participants or through a broker. This trade without a central marketplace is referred to as over-the-counter (OTC) trading.

Bank risks are to be spread across the interbank market. Through it, the banks can carry out liquidation of open positions that were previously established in the customer business. Or the banks operate proprietary trading on the interbank market. In addition, interbank trading should ensure sufficient liquidity at all times for the banks.

The interbank market was founded exclusively so that banks could trade with each other, a direct participation of private investors was not intended at the time of founding. At some point, the brokers found a goldmine in it, which is why the forex market came into being.

The biggest "players" in the forex market are governments and the central banks, which generally participate in foreign exchange trading in the interests of the government. Due to their financial capabilities, central banks are able to exert a noticeable influence on the foreign exchange market. In principle, however, they use currency trading only to adjust and hedge their foreign reserves. The next largest participants are banks and other credit institutions. The proportion of private speculators is very low here in comparison.

EBS (Electronic Broking Services) is the world's largest trading platform for foreign exchange in interbank trading. The price, which arises at EBS, is the reference for any FX derivatives. EBS Markets maintains an anonymized central limit order book. FX trading banks can trade on the market and via these hedge funds & CTAs (Prime Brokerage Arrangements). Although the data is collected anonymously, EBS Markets recognizes whether it is a human or an algorithmic interface (AI). In addition to the classification, the EBS regulations provide for a minimum quota life (MQL). This is to prevent the high-frequency traders from the fact that they have only by their speed advantage over the other market participants.

In addition, since there is no specific trade information in the interbank market, this market for high-frequency trading is not quite as interesting as the stock market environment. The big players therefore have sophisticated computer systems to detect inconsistencies in the currency pairs. These disagreements usually last only a few seconds. With so many market participants and the large volume of daily sales, it is more important to keep an eye on the trend and the flow of capital than to recognize an undervalued currency.

Over $ 5 trillion is being transacted daily in the forex market. 98 percent of the transactions are conducted in direct trading between banks rather than through a stock exchange. There is no regulatory authority. Only twelve banks control 85 percent of the market. This means that these 12 banks will invest $ 4.25 trillion per day. Banks do not trust each other and no one provides information about their trading activities. Therefore there is no real volume or an order book in the interbank market. The resulting volumes in MT4 are a pure estimate.

First let's make a comparison in EURUSD

The EURUSD trades daily at $ 1.7 trillion, the proportion of 12 banks is 85% = $ 1.445 trillion, the share of other institutional traders is 10% = $ 170 billion and the retail traders share is 5% = $ 85 billion. In addition to the 12 major dealers, there are an estimated approximately 10,000 institutional traders and 1 million retail traders.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Each of the banks trades an average of 1.2 million lots per day, every institutional trader 170 lots and every retail trader 0.85 lots. In proportion: 1 large bank deals around 1.4 million daily and every institutional trader 200 times more than the individual retail trader. 1 million retail traders invest less per day than a big player. Thus, the size relationships are clear and it is logical that the market is primarily driven by these big players. The big players act and the retail traders react.

With its trading volume in the interbank market, Deutsche Bank has so much experience that analysts and programmers are able to develop interesting strategies from the existing data. This brings clear advantages in the trade. Of course, every big player will try to influence the market in his favor, but having a force to control the hole market is completely impossible.

Why does it seem, that the market makes always the opposite of that, what you are doing right now, and why are not the big players getting in the way each other?

First of all, the world's 12 largest banks are trading to remain liquid and, of course, to optimize their profits. The big players know the markets and are able to see immediately if liquidity flows into or out of a market. Therefore, it is wiser to follow the liquidity than to oppose it. That's why many see it as if the big players are working together. By acting in the same direction, they do so in principle, but for their own account. The retail traders have little opportunity to follow the liquidity and therefore, most retail traders, against the big players, face the market and lose. Interestingly, some banks invest 20-30% of their available funds in the forex market, thereby earning up to 65% of their total profits.

Of course, many tricks and unfair means are used, most of them are in my report: Mad world

That banks are working with unfair means is nothing new and everyone is aware of it. In addition, the Big Boys spend billions on their analysts and traders. Anyone who places himself as a poker player at a poker table with a big player must be aware of the risks he is taking. Most traders are unaware of who they are dealing with daily. That is also understandable, because you only sit in front of your PC and do not see your opponent. I am convinced that if retail traders knew how these big players work, they would be distant from trading. We compete against the biggest world champions every day, it's presumptuous to believe that you can win against them.

Nevertheless, why do 2-5% of traders manage to live from trading in the long term?

In every odds calculation, by chance, a faction is created that survives. The stupid thing about it: A successful trader can never know if his success is based on skill or chance. Of course, good moneyman management, experience, diligence and strategies are crucial factors on the path to success. But we never know why we are successful. I believe that my success is based on pure coincidence, so I do not post strategies, just ideas, so that every trader can create his own setup. And I can only give this recommendation to every trader. Once you have found your way, deepen your knowledge and start optimizing your strategy. Do not let others get you away, but focus on your strategy. That's the only way to success. A proverb says: New brooms always sweep well, but the old ones know where the filth lies.

Do not start to tell of your strategy as the only optimal system. Every setup has to be created individually like a Formula One race car. It makes no sense to want to work with someone else's setup because it will not make you successful in the long run. The biggest enemy is not the big player but the broker. If you trade 10 x 1 lot a day as a scalper, the broker gets $ 100 of it. You have to earn that $ 100 first to avoid losing money. If you lost $ 2,000 after 500 trades, your broker earned $ 5,000 in the same period. If the broker would only charge half the fee, you would even have a $ 500 profit. That's the biggest problem.

I know many successful traders who have been successful with different systems, it does not matter which system you use, it is crucial that you know what you are doing. Claims that scare are often used in the forex market to arouse a need. This behavior is often seen in insurance agents. At first, they scare you that you will be poor in old age and after that they sell you a life insurance. In the forex market, the fear or greed is often exploited by fraudsters. Basically, you should know that you can find all the information for free on the Internet. The challenge is to find the right information. It takes some time, but not more.

The forex market is one of the biggest challenges and whoever gets into the shark tank should be aware of that. To make it, you have a realistic chance of about 5% here. In Europe, 10% are self-employed and 50% of them are successful. That's also 5%.

The only key to success is to try it out.

I wish you a successful trading week

best regards

--- 帖子 #1145 ---
It looks like a nice system , I will try it and share the results.

--- 帖子 #1146 ---
New Screen for our project no. 8

Hello dear subscribers,

Enclosed I would like to post briefly my new screen. With this screen, I was able to make very interesting discoveries this week. For this I have written a detailed report, which I will publish until tomorrow noon.

Inserted Video

The results are very valuable and I am convinced that they help us in the Forex market.

I wish you a nice evening

Greetings and see you tomorrow

Michael

--- 帖子 #1147 ---
The Matrix

Hello dear subscribers,

Just two years ago, I launched my blog: The Equilibrium, the key to success. At that time, I still got my data exclusively from the Forex market and derived my trading decisions. Looking closer at the forex tick chart, I first became aware of how the volume is calculated in the forex market and what serious drawbacks can arise from it. This finally gave me the idea to analyze the stock market data more closely in order to make more efficient trading decisions in the forex market. The resulting information is consistently positive and can help many traders optimize their trading decisions.

In the past, I have traded most successfully in the sideways markets or even Equilibrium. Now that I have studied the stock market data, it is clear to me today why trading in Equilibrium has worked so well. The sideways markets are used by the big players to collect a certain number of ask or bid and then push the course in the desired direction. During this collection phase, the big players are not so dangerous as the prices move within a range to get their shares together. Extreme price jumps are relatively rare in these phases. As a Scalper I am interested in doing my trade in the market within a short time. Basically, the prices in wavy lines move up and down, the longer you are in the market, the higher the probability of losing your profits again. As a Scalper, I would like to enter price courses that are relatively fast. At first, the breakouts up or down seem to be the fastest course, while trading in equilibrium seems to be very slow. First of all, I wanted to examine this comparison in more detail.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

On the picture you can see a course in H1 over a period of two weeks. There are five equilibrium phases in the area of accumulation and distribution, as well as five strong moves up or down. These five equilibrium phases account for more than 70% of the total price. Therefore, the probability of trading in an Equilibrium is significantly higher and more efficient than waiting for a possible breakout and there acting correctly. In the individual movements of the accumulation and distribution phases, as well as in the respective strong movements up or down, I first analyzed the number of pip and the time. Within an equilibrium or sideways market, I have calculated small possible trends. The designations from point A to J are now needed for our calculation.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In the picture you can now see the individual movements that I have designated from point A to J. Here the hours were divided by the number of pips. At Point A you can see the pips per hour achieved within the strong movements. At Point B you can see the pips per hour achieved during the distribution or accumulation phases. At first, it seems that in Equilibrium, on average, the faster movements have taken place than in the breakouts. Of course, this calculation is not representative because I only looked at a period of two weeks.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

We zoom in a little deeper into the analysis and let's look at the distribution phase at Point E (Picture # 1). This is where a zigzag indicator comes into play that calculates the average pipettes within a trend. Within the equilibrium, the average trend was 7.2 pips, while the strong downward movement averaged only 4.8 pips. Although the time factor was not taken into account here, you can see that some of the movement in the equilibrium has been considerably stronger. Since this is not a representative calculation, it is possible that we can expect slower movements in an equilibrium. Nevertheless, I am convinced that, on average, over a longer period of time, a breakout will not produce more pips per hour than movements within an equilibrium.

Conclusion:

In only 30% of the time, I am able to carry a trend trade up or down. Sideways movements take place in 70% of the time. Everyone will realize how difficult it is to catch a breakout. But if I focus only on these breakouts, I only have an average of three chances per week. Most movements take place in the sideways markets. There, the achieved Pip per hour are often significantly higher than within the trend movements. Add to that a crucial point: in the equilibrium phases, the big players are much more predictable than in the strong trend phases. Therefore my recommendation is to earn the main income in Equilibrium and realize a possible additional income with the trend trade.

Of course, it depends on the time unit in which you trade. In H1, a trader averages 5.4 pip / hour = 0.09 pip / minute. In the M1 it is already 0.25 pip / minute and in the 8 tick chart an average of 0.69 pip / minute. Why this is so, read in my article:

Scalper = self-destruction in small installments?

In this article, the trend curves M1 were compared with the trends of an 8-tickchart. The number of pip / minute can be increased again if they only bet on downtrends. Here's an explanation:

Who is faster the euro or the dollar?

With an 8-tick chart to bet only on downtrends, brings a possible speed of 1 pip / minute. This is up to 10 times faster than in H1, because a Scalper trading simultaneously 20 individual movements. Of course, the risk increases at the same time. Who drives his car 200 mph has a much greater risk than the one who is traveling at 20 mph. Every advantage often has disadvantages. Realizing when to seize an opportunity is the most important thing in life. But it is almost as important to know when to forego an advantage better.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

When I made my trading decisions exclusively with the forex data, I analyzed supply and demand. I used different indicators that were able to show different trend strengths. In stronger movements, I paid attention to the stronger pullbacks that allowed me to identify the key candle. With the aid of this key candle, I was able to draw certain resistance zones in the chart that helped me with trading decisions. Basically, I could act profitably with this approach. Still, there were some situations where I was either not picked up or my stop was triggered. Of course, scaling could easily improve my profitable trading to earn more. But that would not have reduced my risk. That was the reason that I dealt more closely with the stock market data.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

It is indisputable that the big players are moving the market. To follow the big players, you have to be able to identify the Big Boys. In the following post I have already write about.

Deep in the market

With the ratio volume / trades you can easily identify the big players. You would also be able to do that in a 1-tick chart, but the data gets there so quickly that it's almost impossible to derive concrete trading decisions from it. In my example you see a bearish candle in the 30 second chart with 17 price levels. On the left side is the summarized volume, next Bid and Ask was divided individually. The yellow marked fields show a participation of a big player. With the help of the stock market data and an efficient filtering one is able to find this big player participation.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here we see a H4 chart in Euro FX. The bright fields show a clear participation of the big players at the respective price levels. In order to derive concrete information from it, you first have to switch to smaller time units.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

From this analysis one can find interesting forms of representation in smaller time units. On the left side (point A) we see a filtering which is exclusively designed to represent the big player. On the right side (point B) I tried to divide a M15 candle into different strengths. Red = weak, blue = medium and green = strong. However, this division still needs to be adjusted. If we deal with a 1 tick chart (point C) , we can see the lot of the ask / bid of a single participant. I have observed this representation more closely and I noticed that 10 to 200 lot are traded relatively rarely. When this large amount of lot entered the market, the price has not changed directly to move in a particular direction. This suggests that the big players bring a large amount of lot into the market. Higher bid in the accumulation phase and higher ask in the distribution phase. I've noticed, that for very strong price movements, rarely a high number of lots came in the market. From this one can conclude that in this case, the algorithms of the big players fire a kind of machine gun volley with small lot to push the course in their desired direction. To study these algorithms, I first made a matrix.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In the picture you can see this matrix on the right side. The red numbers indicate the individual number of bid traded and the green numbers show the individual number of traded ask. The subdivision runs from 1-10 each Lot, right and left next to it I have created the number from 11 lot to 200 lot with the associated time. How it works you can see in my video.

Inserted Video

In the video, we see how the ask pushes the price up a bit. These are only smaller market participants. Then the price is pressed down a bit more. After, the pressure down is triggered by a smaller number of solder. Starting at 2:30 minutes in the video, a big player starts with many 4 lots to press the price down. At the end you can see how the ask side is trying to take control.

I find this matrix particularly interesting because it brings me closer to the algorithms of big players. Over the past few trading days, I have already noticed interesting structures within this matrix. I would like to briefly summarize the previous findings that I could derive from this. When big lots enter the market, in most cases this is not immediately relevant to the price.

This means that when a large order of 50 Lot Ask enters the market, the price does not move up very sharply. The big players have long since recognized that big lots marks leave their mark on the market. However, if these high lots take place within an accumulation or distribution phase and do not immediately lead to a sharp change in price, this is not a disadvantage for the big player. A few minutes later, most of the traders have forgotten about this big order anyway, since the price did not move much through this big order. Some are making the mistake now and believe that this big order has been absorbed and the future price will go down sharply. The price will also goes down a lot, but this is a Stopfishing and most traders are quickly stopped, because the course is pressed up again after Stopfishing. This means that the actual market direction was long and not short.

Strong price moves up or down are usually triggered by the big players with small orders. One to four lots are fired like a machine gun volley and push the price in the desired direction. If a big player with 1,2,3 or 4 Lot trades in the market, it is no longer identifiable. With the created matrix one is immediately able to identify these machine gun blasts. Of course, I'll never be able to get in the market on the lowest low or the highest high.

The first thing I can tell is whether a big player collects more ask or bid within a sideways market. As a rule, after that a fake breakout takes place around the stops of the retail traders to triggers. By now I can identify this stop fishing quite well. I have already posted some contributions about this. Now, when I realize that a stop fishing is taking place and the retail trader stops, I only need to recognize in my matrix when a machine gun fire is fired. If this happens on the right side then I am able to enter the market immediately to be pulled up.

The future challenge is to filter this matrix a little more efficiently and to look for possible patterns. It is clear that the algorithms of big players do not always fire an equal number of bid or ask in the market. This number of the lot is usually random. But a machine gun salvo is always immediately visible. This allows me to get into the market relatively early and let the big player pull me up. With my filter setting, I am also able to recognize when the big player starts to get out of the euro. As soon as I see that, I let myself be driven up a bit by the retail traders who have just joined in and then I am also out of the market. With the pure data from the Forex market I was never able to realize these optimal entries and exits. Crucial to this approach is that the overall picture of the market must fit the reactions of the big players. If it then comes to anomalies, you should postpone its market entry.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In the past, I have been very happy to deal with the COT data (point 1) to find out how the individual investors were positioned. The problem was that this data was released only every two weeks to provide better market transparency for all participants. Here you can view COT data for free.

https://freecotdata.com/currencies-2/.

If you want to get more familiar with the COT data, you will find a lot of good information here at Forex Factory.

I searched the stock market for a faster alternative and discovered something interesting with the open interest (point 2). Open interest is the number of all outstanding (open) futures contracts on a given market at a given time. This is the total number of futures contracts that have not yet been closed by an offsetting transaction. The open interest increases with each stock exchange transaction, which creates a new open position with both the buyer and the seller, by one (A buys a contract for the first time, B empty for the first time a contract). The open interest remains unchanged in a transaction that opens one position and closes another (A sells his contract to C). Open interest declines when the transaction closes a position for both the buyer and the seller (C sells to B).

Simplified, we could say open interest is the number of open (long) contracts purchased. The number of purchased and sold contracts are always the same. Open interest shows us how committed the market participants are. Back off or build up positions. In the Russian market we have the only opportunity to access the open interest.

I got the euro / dollar data and made some experiments. At point A, you can see how the market participants withdraw from the euro, shortly afterwards, the price goes down. At point B, liquidity flows into the market and prices rise thereafter. First of all, it is still a bit early to make concrete statements about it, but I will stay tuned and report as soon as I have completed further test runs.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The information provided in the stock market is undoubtedly very accurate and detailed. With the pure raw data, however, little can be started. The right information is obtained by a creative filtering of the crucial data. First of all it is important how one interprets certain data and what data one needs to make decisions. There are countless possibilities to link and filter different data. On the one hand that requires a lot of time and a creative think "around the corner". The results so far that I have achieved within a short time, continue to motivate me to think in this direction. In my last article I wrote that a successful trader never knows if his success is based on chance or on his ability.

Most successful traders will always push their success on their skills. In my opinion, my previous success in the forex market is based on experience, but mostly on chance. The project number 8 is to ensure with the help of the stock exchange data that our success in the future is based exclusively on ability. Although this is a hard and long way, the goal is desirable in any case. I would be glad if some information could help you and I look forward to your feedback.

I wish you a great weekend and next week a successful trade balance

Best regards

--- 帖子 #1148 ---
hi bionics

If you do these things alone and there is no workgroup , It has to be said

You're an extraterrestrial

--- 帖子 #1149 ---
Hello shahed58,

Since there is no working group, I like to accept the friendly compliment, although I would rather call my actions more creative than extraterrestrial  I use this blog to sort my thoughts, thereby many questions arise in the time, I am forced to myself answer. In the past, my trading decisions were based solely on forex data, and surprisingly, I was trading profitably. This is not really possible, because there is no specific data in the forex market (ask and bid), on which one can build a long-term and profitable trade. Some years ago my brother wanted to know how I manage to live off the trade. I could not explain it to him. That's why I believe my success to chance. Of course, experience in trading also has a share in the success, yet I wanted to exclude the factor of chance for my future trading as possible. When I first started creating this blog two years ago, the first thing was to explain to myself how my trade works. So I tried this in various posts. I never wanted to argue, that my assumptions about the market are correct. I just wanted to know why it works for me. As you write down your thoughts, new questions automatically arise. These questions you are trying to answer. This creates new ideas that you simply try out. And already a development takes place. The only constant in our lives is change, but those who resist them end up like dinosaurs. And the market is changing daily due to the algorithms. It was clear to me from the beginning that the big players will dominate the market, so I tried to follow you. However, this is only possible by chance in the forex market. However, I did not want to get out of the Forex market, since the profit opportunities here are significantly better than in the stock market. Developing and advancing new things is very time-consuming , but if it works, it will give you the edge over the market. In the environment of the stock market, a market advantage is the decisive factor for success. Some will now ask why I post my findings quite openly, because a possible market advantage could be reduced thereby. The answer is simple. Most market participants want a simple setup to trade with. My approach is very complex. In addition, I offer no specific setup, but a kind of buffet with different ideas. Since one can not copy a setup 1: 1, this blog is for some traders an excellent way to optimize their setup. Other traders will stand be controversial about my ideas or rely on their own proven system. This ensures at the present time that the circle of participants remains relatively small. I did not open this blog to be famous or to have the most subscribers, but to exchange myself with innovative people who like it. And I feel, that as a very worthwhile goal.

I wish you a successful Monday

best regards

Michael

--- 帖子 #1150 ---
Michael, truly amazing work shared here. Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1151 ---
Overview in the blog

Hello corinthia,

First of all, welcome to our blog and thank you for your kind words. I am very happy if the information in our blog helps you, and you can create your own setup from it. A rough overview of interesting contributions (Project 1-6) can be found here: The best chance to win

Project 7 starts here: New project no. 7

Right now we're starting project # 8, but the projects are built on each other, so you can calmly choose the things that are relevant and interesting to you.

I wish you a lot of fun in this blog and especially much success

best regards

Michael

--- 帖子 #1152 ---
Greatest thread ever seen in FF

--- 帖子 #1153 ---
Hi Bionics,
I mainly concern is forex market, one thing: the charts or tick charts don't contain all the infomoration, I guess mainly part of the currency trading liquidity is outside of our charts, we just see the projection! Market Maker or big player make decision by many reasons, for example, the banks policy, or Market Maker's risk management issures, or execute sell/buy for VIPs at some price.... As I understand, forex broker's quotes(charts) are for retailers only, luring retailers into the wrong direction is the only purpose.

Base on the above, only trade with the "strongest signal" from the charts is very important.

Good Luck

--- 帖子 #1154 ---
[quote=wiserltz;12646150]{quote} Hi Bionics, I mainly

Forex Broker

Hello wiserltz,

a warm welcome on our blog and thank you for your very kind words. Like you, I trade in the forex market, because the liquidity is much better, which affects my execution times. However, this depends individually on the individual broker. Basically you have to be careful with brokers, because after all, they live not only on the spreads and fees. Every broker has to protect himself in the market in some way. As a rule, ECN brokers pass on the positions immediately, others work with their own hedging systems. If the positions of the different customers balance, there is no need for action. If this is not the case, the broker secures by corresponding counter positions in the forex market. Therefore, it can happen that many trades do not take place in the forex market, but only at the broker. If you act only with the broker and the broker does not pass on the position to the forex market, he would make another profit in case of your loss, besides the spreads and the fees. Of course there have been brokers in the past who have manipulated their prices to make further profits.

Personally, I've gotten used to working with virtual stops that the broker can not see. However, he could guess the approximate stops based on my past trades. It takes some time and experience to find an optimal broker. So far, I am very satisfied, because my broker meets the requirements set by me. One of the main reasons for my broker choice: As a professional trader I can trade in Europe up to 1: 400 and in the extreme case of a drawdown I am liable only with my balance in the account. So I would never have to make an additional payment. Basically all traders in Europe have this advantage, but they can only trade 1:30. Once a trader is classified as a professional trader, he is liable with his entire fortune. And in the case of the franc shock EURCHF, the price went down in seconds by 2,200 pip. With 1 lot, that would be a $ 22,000 loss the trader would need to settle immediately. That's a crucial point for me.

As you have already said, the information in the forex market is very limited. This has led me to go other ways to get better information. At the moment I am very busy with the DOM, the Time & Sales List and the Spread Tape. I filter Ask and Bid in different sizes to gain insights. This makes it easier to identify and analyze the different strengths in the market. The stock market information has so far made for significantly faster and more accurate entries and exits. Certain patterns can be recognized, which I still have to analyze in detail.

In this blog you will find some ideas on how to determine the trend or candle strength even easier in the Forex market. Maybe it will help you.

I wish you a lot of success

best regards

--- 帖子 #1155 ---
Maybe I missed something.

A question about DOM ask/bid:

For EURUSD,

Ask up, by comparing the DOM you can tell how many lots of EUR buy order(for retailers side) injected into the market, the lots is STOP BUY only right？ Market order is invisible, am I right?

Bid down , doing the same calc, I can tell the STOP SELL lots(USD)

Edit: you can see EUR buy and sell, USD buy and sell, right?

Can we get the limits order size?

--- 帖子 #1156 ---
Identification of the big players

[quote=wiserltz;12647267]{quote}{quote} Maybe I missed something. A question about DOM ask/bid:

Hello wiserltz,

In the DOM you can only see the limit orders that provide liquidity in the market. Initially, the market orders are invisible, but once they have been executed, they can be seen in the market. In a 1-tickchart you can see in the Bid and Ask overview 1 market participant each who places an individual order. However, one can not say if, e.g. a 4 Lot Ask Order has been placed by a Big Player or by a Retail Trader. That's why I work with a special software that allows me endless filtering options. Currently I am analyzing the different Ask and Bid which I sort by volume. This results in interesting patterns that are, however, strongly dependent on the market. A retail trader may give up a 4-lot order, but not 20 times in a row in a given period of time. It's also hard to tell if this 4 Lot Ask is a euro buy or dollar sale.

That's why I work with a special software that theoretically allows infinite filter options. First of all, a few weeks ago, I came up with the idea of distinguishing the Euro / Dollar buying and selling from each other. Such an approach is not yet known to me, so this is an idea that I find very interesting.

Basically, it makes a difference whether in the Low the dollar is sold or the euro is bought. In both cases, this is a bullish sign, but when the dollar is sold, a big player can step out of his position and leave the market. If the euro is bought, that does not necessarily mean that the price rises immediately. Maybe a sideways market will be created to collect more ask. With this approach also one would theoretically be able to identify triggered stops. This is very helpful to identify stopfishing.

Larger numbers of lots, placed on the market, usually indicate a collection action within an accumulation or distribution. There you can identify the big players well. To push the courses or push even in certain price regions, the algorithms also like to work with smaller lots to make identification difficult. However, these algorithms can be recognized in the chart and made visible. The decisive factor is the correct filter setting.

However, I am currently implementing this idea in our project No. 8. First of all, some 100 footprint charts have to be examined in different time units (tick charts) in order to analyze certain patterns. Thereafter, the filters must be adjusted accordingly and adjusted to different market conditions (Europe, USA, Asia). After that we will know if this idea will help us. In my post you can find an example.

Deep in the market

If we know the formulas, we can theoretically make everything visible what we need. Whether the results are always correct, I dare to doubt, so it will probably be a longer project. The short-term results are impressive, but it is still too early to make specific statements. I'll stay you tuned and of course publish the results regularly.

best regards

--- 帖子 #1157 ---
Hi,

I have been doing similar analyse for 4 months, only forex market. I got severl points:

1) EURUSD is the only pair that quite suit this theory, other pairs like GBPUSD, crazy, sometime total opposite.
I guess the resaon maybe big players' hedging, they sell usd on EURUSD, and buy usd on GBPUSD, to make things worst, they act like big players on EURUSD, and as retailers on GBPUSD, cheating....
2) Asia session is the best（not the pips, but the win ratio), with no news and low liquidity, difficult for them to hide and reverse trade
3) London session, the time period of accumulation tend to increase, and more liable to coordinate with HTF trend
4) Single direction, clear signal with the trend, no signal for retracement.

Good Luck

--- 帖子 #1158 ---
[quote=wiserltz;12648394]{quote}{quote} Hi, I have been doing similar analyse for 4 months,

Hello wiserltz,

I agree with you, I also find the Asian meetings very efficient and the winning rate is top. Unfortunately, the volatility is very limited and my broker requires in this time the 3-4 times spread as few participants from Europe are involved. The Asian sessions are indeed very interesting and should be tried out by everyone.

best regards

--- 帖子 #1159 ---
Do you make money based on what is described in this Thread?

--- 帖子 #1160 ---
Real Volume in Forex

Hello dear subscribers,

Today I would like to post a post without pictures. This is unusual, because a picture says more than 1000 words, but the following 1,763 words speak for themselves.

CLS received the award for Best FX Market Data Provider at FX Week e-FX 2019 Awards for its CLSMarketData suite.

First, what exactly does CLS do?

CLS is a market infrastructure group providing settlement, processing and data solutions. CLSMarketData is based on the largest single aggregate source of FX Executed Trade data available to the market. The data products consist of the volume data and volume-related data sets of CLS and therefore represent an invaluable resource, as the market coverage historically and currently with intraday offers is big. The data is of particular interest as it comes from actual transactions. The data products are platform-independent and support a broad range of applications, including trading strategies, predictive analytics, best execution, transaction cost analysis.

Which market data reports are offered?

FX Volume - Hourly FX Spot trading volume in 33 currency pairs

FX Flow - An aggregated FX Spot Flow report that shows the direction volume by counterparty type and net direction volume for all parties

FX Price - provides aggregated spot prices in VWAP and TWAP values to further support best execution analysis

FX Forecast - provides viewers with an hourly predictive view of the FX markets so they can quickly spot potential price movements and identify higher liquidity trading hours.

Data Highlights:

Access over 50% of global FX volume

Trading data for 18 currencies processed by CLS is reflected in 33 major currency pairs

Aggregate trading volumes delivered by currency pairs and in terms of number of trades and total value in USD equivalent on an intraday, hourly, daily and monthly basis

Datasets are compatible with most industry-wide statistical programs and consist solely of aggregated exported trade data.

Standardized and user-friendly data records that are made available via an open data delivery

Quality-reviewed and adjusted by CLS to comply with the same reporting convention used by the Bank for International Settlements (BIS) and the Bi-annual Market Reports of the Foreign Exchange Committee.

Increasing regulatory requirements, market behavior requirements, and the understanding of the effects of market movement events during their development are driving forward the demand for timely market data for foreign exchange market participants. Quoted exchange rates are readily available in the market, but currency volumes are not.

With access to over 50% of the global FX volume for 18 currencies and FX instruments (swap, spot and outright forward), CLS manages the largest single FX Executed Trade record.

With FX spot volume data effectively confirming price movements, CLS FX spot volume data offers high-quality, executed trading transactions - averaging $ 1.55 trillion daily trading volume - at a higher frequency, giving you the full market visibility you want for more sound Need business decisions.

Sources of FX Volume Data

FX Market $ 5.1T

ECN (TR, ICAP) $ 300B

CME and ohter future exchances $ 100B

FX brokerages and trading platforms $ 20B

CLS settlements data $ 1,5B

Who is behind CLS?

For many, that should not be a surprise

CLS GROUP HOLDINGS AG, LIST OF SHAREHHOLDERS, August 1, 2018

ABSA Bank Limited
American International Group, Inc.
Australia and New Zealand Banking Group Limited
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A.
Banco Monex
Banco Popular Español, S.A.
Banco Santander, S.A.
Bank of China Limited
Bank of Montreal
Bank of Nova Scotia, The
Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd., The
BankAmerica International Financial Corporation
Bank of America Merrill Lynch International Designated Activity Company
Bank Hapoalim B.M.
Bank Leumi le-Israel B.M.
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg
Barclays Bank Plc
Bayerische Landesbank
BNP Paribas SA
BNP Paribas Fortis Bank SA/NV
BNY International Financing Corporation
BNY Capital Corporation
Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce
Citigroup Aggregation Inc.
Citibank, N.A.
Commerzbank AG
Commonwealth Bank of Australia
Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A.
Crédit Agricole S.A.
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank
Credit Suisse (Switzerland) Ltd.
Danske Bank A/S
Daiwa Securities Co. Ltd.
DBS Bank Ltd.
DNB Bank ASA
Deutsche Bank AG
DZ BANK AG Deutsche Zentral-Genossenschaftsbank Frankfurt am Main
FirstRand Bank Limited
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., The
HSBC Bank plc
ING Bank N.V.
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A.
J.P. Morgan International Financial Limited
KBC Bank NV
KEB Hana Bank
Kookmin Bank
JPMC Strategic Investments II Corporation
Lloyds Bank plc
Macquarie Bank Limited
Mizuho Bank, Ltd.
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc
National Australia Bank Limited
National Bank of Greece S.A.
Natixis
Nomura International plc
Nordea Bank AB (publ)
Norinchukin Bank, The
Northern Trust Corporation
Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited
Royal Bank of Canada
Royal Bank of Scotland plc, The
Shinhan Bank
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ)
Société Générale
Standard Bank of South Africa Limited, The
Standard Chartered Bank
State Street Bank and Trust Company
Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation
Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Bank, Limited
Svenska Handelsbanken AB (publ)
Swedbank AB (publ)
Toronto-Dominion Bank, The
UBS AG
UniCredit Bank AG
UniCredit S.p.A.
United Overseas Bank Limited
Wells Fargo Bank, N.A.
Westpac Banking Corporation
Zürcher Kantonalbank

Take a look at a webinar:

https://try.quandl.com/thank-you-web...tm_content=cls

Conclusion:

Basically an excellent idea to increase market transparency. The actual FX spot volume data has been calculated every 5 minutes since 2016 and made available to third-party customers every hour. An interesting idea to making money with volume data. If the FX spot volume data has been made available since 2016, then the question arises as to whether ECN Broker and Market Maker can also receive this data. If so, the question now arises why these data are not passed on to the customers. So far, the volume data from the forex is calculated with tick data, which has little to do with the actual volume of bid and ask. A concrete volume presentation could significantly reduce the loss rate for many traders. Maybe that's not wanted by the broker. But that could change quickly. At some point, the first broker starts, forcing the other brokers to follow suit.

CLS update the volume data only every hour. This gives the big players enough time to complete their strategies within the hour, where the others have no actual volume data available. As a result, the big players still have one hour head Start.

As a scalper, this data would not be an advantage, as you have to react more quickly to situations. The alternative is the Euro FX Future data. These data are changed with each tick, giving us a deep insight into the market. The price of the EURUSD and Euro FX is almost parallel in seconds , there are only different prices due to the swaps. However, the volume data from the future can be used exactly in the forex market. The EURUSD in the forex market is about 100 times as large as the Euro FX in the futures market. While the EURUSD trades around 17,000,000 lots a day, Euro FX only gets 170,000 to 150,000 lots. If there are 80 Lot Ask in the Euro FX order book at a price level, one can assume that the Forex market may have 8,000 lots. That's just a speculative example. The liquidity is therefore 100 times larger in the Forex market, which depending upon broker on the execution times can affect. In addition, every trader can get this stock market data for a few dollars a month. Crucial is then still with a corresponding prop software to filter this stock market data. There are different providers for each area with different priorities, which can be found on the Internet.

The retail traders pose no threat to the big players, even if they receive hourly the current volume data from the forex market. Because the actual business of big players takes place in the time when the volume is not updated. The big player trades are therefore not in danger and in addition you can still earn money with the volume data. However, this is still an advantage for CLS's customers. They are usually long-term investors and previously had no volume data from the forex market. At least 24 times a day you will receive a specific volume information. This is another advantage over retail traders. It can be assumed that almost all participants in the forex market now have concrete volume data, except the retail traders.

In EURUSD retail traders trade around 1,000,000 lots each day. This amount is not only worthwhile for the big players, but now also for those who are CLS customers. This situation is a bit unfair. If we compare Forex Forex trading with a football game, beginners without football boots will play against the biggest world champions. Everyone can think about how that works out.

If you have not been profitable so far, that's not because of you, but because of the fact that you just do not have any information from the market you're trading. It's as if you want to land a plane without ILS system in fog. CLS already has 23,000 customers who now have more information in the Forex market than you. That means the market is getting harder for you every day. Begin to deal with the stock market data and learn how to collect the big players in the accumulation phases Ask and Bid in the distribution phases. These big players sometimes go down 20 pip with a few hundred thousand lots, knowing that they can dominate the market and push up or down anytime. Anyone who does not know this way of working, has no chances in this market. And most of the time it's just because of a lack of information.

But even we small traders can defend themselves with great creativity but without much financial effort. In this blog you will not find a trading system, but many ways you can create a custom setup to trade more profitably. This is very time consuming but once you have created this setup, you are independent of any news, forex indicators, systems or trainers. You look at what is happening in the market right now and can act instead of reacting.

I wish you the necessary success

best regards

--- 帖子 #1161 ---
The optimal Setup

Hello trendtraderr,

First of all, welcome to our blog. The answer to your question can be found here:

https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...9#post12641839

The much more important question is: Can you (trendtraderr) make money from what is described in this blog? You can only answer this question yourself after you have read and internalized the information. This blog was started to explain myself my luck in the trade. This resulted in individual projects that I shared with others. This blog has no commercial intentions and you will not find a system to trade with, because that does not work. This blog is a kind of buffett where traders find different pieces of information that they can use for their own setup, no more, no less. I would be glad if you find some ideas while reading through that you can successfully implement for yourself.

I wish you that from the bottom of my heart.

best regards

--- 帖子 #1162 ---
Hi Michael

Thank you very much for your thread. I am a new trader entering the FX market four years ago.

But I still haven't achieved my goal and only suffered losses. I follow you and try to read every thread. I am very excited to get new experiences and knowledge from reading your posts. I still have to try a lot to seek knowledge and gain experience. I promise to keep watching and following you.

Best regards

--- 帖子 #1163 ---
"The Never Ending Story"

[quote=thepsiwa;12649973]Hi Michael Thank you very much for your thread.

Hello thepsiwa,

It's crazy, last evening I prepared a post, "The Never Ending Story", that can give you some answers to your personal situation. I hope that I can publish it until this afternoon. First of all, thank you for your honest statement and your compliment. The beginning is always the hardest, that is to compare with a plane take-off, where 20 times as much kerosene is consumed, than in the cross-country flight. The more experience you gain, the safer your market assessment will be, provided that you draw important lessons from past trades that you can understand at any time. I wish you every success and keep your fingers crossed that you reach, what you have planned.

best regards

--- 帖子 #1164 ---
IMO I think all the analysis untill now is about entry, not the trend, for tend PA is the king

--- 帖子 #1165 ---
The never ending story

Hello dear subscribers,

What makes a trader successful?

Looking back over the last 10 years and describing my evolution in trading, would be an endless story. First of all, at the beginning I was distracted too much by different information rather than focusing on one thing. If you try too much at once, you can not spend enough time focusing on the crucial things that drive you forward. In life of a trader is all about the right setup. When I started trading, I was fortunate enough to have been a successful entrepreneur for 20 years. That's why I knew what matters as a self-employed person. The first few years are a real challenge and those who do not give 100%, are faster off the market than they can blink. This is nothing else when trading. The first and crucial point is that you are burning for trading. Arnold Schwarzenegger once said: Be hungry and stay hungry. His 6 rules of success are an example of his insane success.

1. Have a vision.

That's an important point, because those who have no vision can never arrive.

2. Do not listen to the naysayers.

There are many people in your life who tell you, that what you do, will never be successful. Just make sure they are not right.

3. Work your ass off

If you need 8 hours of sleep, you just have to sleep faster. I myself work between 10-12 hours a day and I look forward to every new day.

4.There is no plan B

If there was a plan B, it would not be dramatic to fail by Plan A. Think about it once.

5. You can only feel complete as a human being when you think about what you can do for the people around you.

Everything you do, you get back one day, so give something back and help other people.

6. There is no self-made man

No matter how successful someone is, he has rarely made it alone. Even as a trader you need people who stand behind you. Alone, you create a lot, together with other almost everything.

Success is a concatenation of the right psychological attitude.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

At first I tried to write down some things that belong to a Trader Setup. This is like a puzzle, only when it is complete, you can be really successful. But you can already achieve success if some parts are missing. But then you have to optimize your setup over time. Take a look at the things I have noted and answer for yourself how you handle the individual points, what experiences you have gained and what points urgently need to be improved. We have to keep in mind that these points are inevitably connected and build on each other. A good trader regularly questions his points and changes the things that give him a market advantage. This does not always have to do with money, but could also mean more time for the family, better health or less fear of loss.

We traders have a big challenge, there is no one who tells us which of our points needs to be improved urgently to work more efficiently. There is no professional trader who is interested that we getting ahead as a trader. Not even the coaches, who wants only your money in the first place. Your partner would like to help you, but he does not know how. So, we traders are mostly alone. Then one look at Forex factory, in a thousand different blogs, to find the Holy Grail and is in the end more confused than anything else. This is because there are finished systems are offered. But believe me, that works in the long run in the most rare cases. First you have to deal with the system and set it up, the most time-consuming is now the time you need to test this system. In most cases it will not work for you, then you are looking for something else.

Go another way. Take my slide as a thought support, make you now the headings for your own setup. Then fill in these headings with your knowledge, experience and preferences. I recommend you do this in writing. If you've written everything down, you find that there are still some gaps. Now you can research and the vast knowledge on the internet and at FF will help you to fill these gaps. This will definitely get you closer to your goal. Concentrate on the essential points and try not to find a 100% solution. According to the Pareto principle, 80% of the time brings 20% of the results. The rest of the time (80%) is wasted to get 100%, but that is ineffective.

When I focused solely on the EURUSD, some traders told me that this could not work. One should trade at least 5-10 currency pairs. After 10 years I am still a full-time trader and those who advised me back then are again in the employment relationship. So, go your own way, take ideas and try them out. But do not let others bend you. Maybe you are not yet a successful trader, but in many areas, you already know what is good or less good for you. Sometimes one should listen to his inner voice.

Two things will catch up with you on the way to success. The greed and the fear, these things you have to fight every day. My fear is gone, because I can never destroy more than my account balance with the broker. Nevertheless, I go to the market with respect every day. Just open a second account with the broker, then you can shuffle your money within seconds. I also have the greed under control, because I have enough reserves and know that makes me more money not happier. The slide I created shows the topics our blog is about. Here you do not get a system, but this blog is a buffet where you can put together your own setup. This may be boring and very time consuming, but in my opinion the only way to success. Of course, there are more great posts on FF, look into my Buddies and subscriptions list there are very successful traders and interesting posts to get ideas for your setup.

The goal should be to create a basic setup that you can work with. If you already have some experience, you know strategies that have been the most successful. Build on it and do not be distracted. Then it's just about the puzzle pieces to optimize or to add puzzle pieces. So, you have enough levers to accelerate your success. My success is based on the fact that I have always gone my own way and let myself be influenced by little of others. It's my money that I invest, so I also set the rules and no one else. Of course, I listen to criticisms or opinions and may change certain behaviors, but I do not leave my path. Because at the end of the day I have to cope with my losses or profits. And nobody helps me.

A little tip at the end. At the beginning of my trading career, I photographed each of my trading screens individually at the end of the week, writing or dictating my findings. This allowed me to match my trades from the trading journal, to the individual screen views. So, I was able to quickly optimize ineffective screen views.

With trading, you earn as much as a doctor or lawyer, it's crazy that many are unwilling to learn 6 to 10 years for it and believe that they are millionaires tomorrow. The doctor often has to take a high loan after his license to finance his doctor's practice. Only years later he really make money. A loan I would not recommend as a trader, but a high willingness to learn, 10 years a 10-12 hours a day and then may you will be successful. However, there is no guarantee and security. The two safest things in life are death and the tax. And if we pay a lot of taxes, trading was definitely worth it.

So now I wish you to pay as many taxes as possible in the future

Have a good weekend

best regards

--- 帖子 #1166 ---
Hi Bionics,

I'm Wulong (my nickname) from Belgium and I would like to complement you with this great thread. You're a friendly, helpful person and you have a great insight into trading matters. Like many others I have been learning the hard way how to trade, I first traded Binary Options, lost some money in the beginning, and at the end of my BO period I finally made some good profit, but then BO was prohibited in Belgium, so I had to start all over again with Forex, which is much different. Now I'm making profit again, after having blown some small Forex accounts, I'm finally getting used to my complicated system, ha ha, it's that complicated no one can trade with it but me. So I will not show it. I would like to trade with less indicators, but I have proven to my self I can do it, so what the heck ? I have read some pages and I have downloaded some indicators, as an 'indicator man' I'm always curious to test out an indicator. Right now I'm testing your Bionic candles on M1, this indicator has some potential. Mostly I discard an indicator very fast, I see rapidly that my trusted indis are better. I sometimes wonder how people can trade with a naked chart, I would feel 'naked' myself without my the indicators I'm using now for years. As I'm very busy with other things and have not much time to trade, I'm of course a scalper, taking fast profit from the market whenever I can and closing my trades very fast when I'm in profit.

Anyway, keep up the good work !

And the best pair for me personally is …..EurUsd !

--- 帖子 #1167 ---
1. Quite an revealing article.

If you try to dig and look for a so-called think-tank or research institute that collects all data relating to fx and fx options, you will then know why and when market crashes to balance the books. The world's largest custodian bank  backs the invisible think-tank. This is part of capitalist system.

2. Tick charts: Have you coded any tick charts to trade randomly based on the size of ticks. Example, for every 1000 ticks buy  1 lot if 501+ favour buy and 499+ don't and sell 1 lot if 501+ ticks favour sell and 499 ticks. This is the only entry criteria. Use fast momentum period of 30 minutes and restrict the maximum open lots to 10. If momentum is strong, scalping for profit of 12 pips is done, both sides trades will happen and trades will be in profit.

3. How many EAs or indicators have you coded based on ticks. What is the size of ticks you favour? And why?

Thank you

--- 帖子 #1168 ---
Volume in tick chart

[quote=simnz;12651884]{quote} 1. Quite an revealing article.

Hello Simnz,

Thank you first for your kind words. I would like to add something else to my report: Real Volume in Forex

So far, the distribution in the Forex market looked like this:

Big Player = 85% sales and full volume information

External institutional traders = 10% turnover and no information about volume data

Retail Trader = 5% sales and no information about volume data

At present, 23,000 External Institutional Traders receive 24 daily information on the traded volume through CLS

Now the distribution in the forex market looks like this:

Big Player = 85% sales and full volume information

External institutional traders = 10% sales and 24 times a day information about volume data

Retail Trader = 5% sales and no information about volume data

This means that almost all traders in the forex market now have volume information, except for retail traders. This makes it even harder for the retail traders, because they do not have the crucial information. Additionally, CLS now knows how the 23,000 external institutional traders are positioned, which I find a dangerous development.

Since the tickchart in the Forex market gives me no information about the number of ask and bid, I only use it in the price range, as it represents the price much better than in the time chart. The decisive advantage is as follows: In a high volatility phase, a large candle forms in the time chart and many candles in the tick chart. With low volatility, many small candles are formed in the time chart and only a few candles in the tick chart. That means the tickchart adapts to the volatility. There is a lot going on, there are more candles, nothing is going on, there are only a few candles. A fixed time frame is an unnecessary factor for me.

Here you will find the difference how ticks are calculated in the forex and futures market.

Volume in forex

Forex market: advantage of a tick chart over the time chart

Why a tickchart provides the better information

Here you will find ticking units with which I deal exclusively in the forex market:

Scalper = self-destruction in small installments?

Here's an example of how I use the tick charts in the Forex market

https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...3#post12582653

Here's an example of how to interpret my trend indicator in forex

,
Help for better trade

The decisive ticks I get exclusively from the stock market data. The 1 tick chart is the clearest, as it shows you exactly how much lot a single dealer trades at a certain price level. Only by transferring the data from a 1-tickchart into other time units is it possible to see how much ask or bid from how many dealers at certain price levels were brought to the market. The right filter can be used to derive important information. And that's exactly what I can not give any real information, as this is still being investigated in our project No. 8.

I wish you a nice weekend

best regards

--- 帖子 #1169 ---
The never ending story

[quote=Wulong;12651575]Hi Bionics, I'm Wulong (my nickname) from Belgium and I would like to complement you with this great thread. You're a friendly, helpful person and you have a great insight into trading matters. L

Hello Wulong,

First of all, welcome to our blog and I am glad that you can use some information for yourself here. I congratulate you for being successful with many indicators, which is indeed a special achievement. People who work with the pure chart image, also use an indicator, because the candles are nothing more than an indicator to represent the price. In this blog you will find some interesting auxiliary indicators that may help you. For example, a trend indicator that you can find here: Help for better trade

As I said in my post The Never ending story  a successful trader should concentrate on his personal setup. And I think you're doing that absolutely. This blog is a potential source of interesting information and setups but does not offer a specific system.

I hope you take some things with you and that you will continue to be successful.

Lovely wishes

Michael

--- 帖子 #1170 ---
Hello Michael,

I decided after all to show my M1 chart after all, of course not my subwindows with indicators, but only the indicators from you I'm testing live on M1 now. The bionic chart, together with strong bionic candle and momentum candle, well I'm slowly getting used to them. Also the Zig zag easy I had it added to my chart already before you pointed it out to me I should try it, thanks for doing that, now I understand it much better how to interpret the strenght of the different M1 candles. Maybe later I will test those indis on M5 and M15 too. Today I was home, but I had not much time to trade, did only two small scalps. Working full-time, 4 children, 4 dogs, a big garden and my wife need attention too, so my trading time is very limited, nevertheless I do like this 'game'. It's always pleasant to 'beat' the market, especially when you have been beaten up by the market in the past, ha ha.

Best regards from Wulong

--- 帖子 #1171 ---
These are very few and less comparing to what we few guys habitual and familiar with Jan (wulong) -

--- 帖子 #1172 ---
Ha, ha, Nas, long time ago ...well, well, how many indicators in my M1 chart, I really do not know, probably way too many, but I do not care, since I'm very much used to them. But be reassured I have not that many in my M5, M15, H1 and H4 chart, although ...it does not matter. Anyone should make their very own systems, no matter what. And I have no problem adding some more interesting indis, this bionic candle baby might help me to focus more on my chart, will see how it goes.

Now the big question arises : why do I need that many indicators in my M1 chart ? Well, once I made a M1 chart where M5,M15 and H1 is to be seen without MTF, but simply by giving the slow indicators a big period and I let my fast real M1 indicators ride on the waves of my medium and slow M1 indicators, so I could trade with M1 alone, but when I do that, I miss my 'bigger' M5 and M15 charts, so be it ...ha ha.

--- 帖子 #1173 ---
[quote=Wulong;12655864]{quote} Hello Michael, I decided after all to show my M1 chart after all,

Hello Wulong,

First of all, you have my great recognition, because working in full time, 4 children, 4 dogs, a large garden, a woman and in addition forex to bring together requires a very strategic approach. In addition, I find it remarkable that you work tirelessly on your setup to get ahead. In principle, I also work with several indicators, only that I have distributed my indicators on 8 different screens. I would definitely recommend you to use a tickchart with that you will get a M1 candle projected into 10-12 candles. This is a very interesting presentation. In the last week, I dealt with a very important topic: What is the fastest information in the trade and how can I use it profitably? I hope I can finish the report the next few days. I would be very happy if the information and the indicators help you.

I keep my fingers crossed for your success.

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1174 ---
Where are the candles? Nice painting.

Just kidding budy...lol

--- 帖子 #1175 ---
Ha, ha, I'm a very bad painter, but with a chart I'm a master painter.

Michael, my hat's off to you, I would not know where to look at 8 different screens, with me all the info is compressed in one, already more than 10 years old, not too big computer screen. I have never been using a tickchart and I do not know if I could cope with one M1 candle divided into 12 candles, that's every 5 seconds a candle, I'm not crazy enough, I guess ...I will dig deeper into that matter when I have some spare time.

I also dedicate a lot of time to one of my passions : rock garden plants or alpines. Mostly I stop trading for some months when it's Spring, hence I have no candles or so on the pic next to my name, ha ha, those are flowers of a Saxifraga.

Regards,

Wulong

--- 帖子 #1176 ---
why use so many indicators when trading price action

--- 帖子 #1177 ---
Hello flockofpips,

I welcome you to our blog. I'm assuming that you could not have meant me with your question, because I make my trading decisions only on the stock market data. I know traders who are successful with many indicators and there are traders who can do without indicators. Both are right if they trade successfully. The key is to find your own setup to be profitable. You'll find a post here: The never ending story

I would be very happy if you find some ideas for your personal setup in this blog. I keep my fingers crossed and wish you every success.

best regards

--- 帖子 #1178 ---
[quote=mntiwana;12656019]{quote} These are very few and less comparing to

Hello mntiwana,

First of all, welcome to our blog. You are a great programmer and have done great work in the last few years. Which impresses me is that you are unselfishly helping a lot of people here at FF with your very creative ideas. If everyone would do it like you did, there would be much less problems.

I wish you much success

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1179 ---
The fastest information in the market

Hello dear subscribers,

Every trader dreams of receiving information in daily trading that predicts a possible course development. Various indicators are used to provide quick information. Today we want to look at what representations provide the fastest information to make profitable trading decisions.

Forex market

First of all, we need to be aware of what information we actually receive. Banks or institutions provide different brokers with price data from the interbank market. The interbank market is not stock exchange regulated. These data are processed differently by ECN brokers or market makers and passed on to their customers. From the broker, these course data first reach our MT4 and are processed there. These are three different dates. OHLC, time and volume that is generated from the ticks. Unfortunately, a tick volume has nothing to do with the volume of the stock market, I have already written extensively.

Volume in forex

Two traders who trade with different brokers will receive different price displays. Even if these two traders were with the same broker, the tick data on the MT4 would produce different representations. For this reason, only two crucial data are correct in the forex market: OHLC and the time data. Of course, the price jumps in the form of ticks are usually correct, but it is not possible to derive the correct volume, as in the stock market.

First, this information is displayed in the form of a candle and projected on the screen. In addition, we see next to the candle a price line. The displayed price line in MT4 is the bid price (Bid). In addition, you can also display the Ask price. The ask price is always higher than the bid price and the difference between the two rates is called the spread. As the spread widen, this indicates lack of liquidity on the ask or bid side. When we place a long position, our transactions are always opened at the ask price and closed at the bid price. When we place a short position, our transactions are always opened at the bid price and closed at the ask price. In order to keep an eye on the liquidity, I recommend to show the Ask line in MT4.

Candles are created from the ticks and the set time, which are displayed in the form of OHLC. What many do not even know, this representation of the candle is already an indicator. If we now represent a normal chart, this picture usually consists mostly of the past. The current price line Bid and Ask represents the present and the future is a black screen. As a rule, the past takes up about 90% of the total space required, while the last candle represents the present. Actually, this is a strange representation, because we traders want to earn money in the future and not in the past. However, for the most part we have the past displayed on the chart. Of course, the future cannot be displayed because it would only consist of a black screen. That means we traders try from the past to make a possible forecast for the future. Many beginners have had to learn painfully that this is a challenge that in most cases goes wrong. Roulette and forex are apparently based on random moves, but there is one crucial difference.

A roulette ball in the casino has no memory and the probability of winning red / black is 48.6%. In the Forex market, traders have a memory (certain price levels act as resistance), but the probability of profit is 1:19 or 5.26%. The advantage in Forex is that certain price levels can be declared as resistance or support, which increases the likelihood of winning. In the past, I also made wins with resistance zones, but I later realized that these resistance zones in Equilibrium are being initiated by the big players to take as few participants as possible in a breakout. Since I've only traded in equilibrium in the past, my chances of winning were significantly higher than if I had bet on a breakout.

We've found that a candle is nothing more than an indicator, let's look at other indicators. Most of the indicators are calculated from the price or the ticks and run according to the price. This means that most indicators react more slowly than the price. You realize this at the latest, if you build on your trading decisions on two MA's. The indicators may give a different or better view of prices, but in the end they are significantly slower than the Bid / Ask price line. Even current news brings no advantage, because you never know how the market reacts to it.

A small glimmer of hope are the currency strength indicators in the Forex. With this strategy, you first consider 8 individual currencies instead of 28 currency pairs. In the EURUSD, the dollar or euro strength is determined from the following currency pairs.

USDCHF, USDJPY, USDCAD, EURUSD, GBPUSD, AUDUSD, NZDUSD = dollar strength

EURUSD, EURGBP, EURCHF, EURJPY, EURCAD, EURAUD, EURNZD = Euro strength

The idea of buying a strong currency and selling it against the weak currency will not pay off in the long run because you do not know how the strength of a currency will develop in the future. If one currency is currently weak and the other is very strong, this can change within seconds due to a breakout. Every single currency belongs to a single economy. Some currencies are strong and other currencies are weak, we can not extract this information from a single currency pair chart. If the EURUSD rises, it may be because the dollar is weak and the euro is strong. Maybe both currencies are strong or weak, only the euro is slightly stronger in both cases. The key is to know how a single currency is positioned across the market.

In the case of the EURUSD, we don't have to look at 13 different currency pairs to measure the strength of the dollar and the euro, we just need a chart or two. First of all, this is a significant time saver. If the dollar suddenly becomes stronger in 5 currency pairs over the course of a day, we can see that more quickly in the overview chart. In many situations I found that this ad sometimes reacts a little faster than the price chart itself. That's why I like to work with currency strengths, but I would never derive a trade from them.

If you work with a price chart in Forex, I recommend that you work with a tickchart that forms up to 12 candles instead of 1 candle within a minute. This enables potential resistance areas to be identified more quickly. Since there is no top and no bottom in the price chart, I recommend placing the last candle in the middle of the chart if possible. Than there is enough space up, down and to the right for a possible look in the future.

Future

First, the exchange makes the price data from the exchange-regulated market available to different brokers. The brokers pass this data directly on to their customers. From the broker, this course data now reach our MT5 or our professional prop software and are processed there. This is four different dates. OHLC, time, volume and the number of trades. The volume is specified in the DOM with bid and ask. In addition, the liquidity in the form of the limit order is displayed, so it would actually be 5 different data.

Two traders who trade with different brokers will see the same price displays on their chart. That is a crucial difference to the forex market. Also important is the respective trading platform, which individually dissolves and translates the stock market data. On the MT5 I would not fall back here, because the information is very limited. Individual indicators can be created via mql5, but are very limited due to the programming language.

I recommend a professional prop software, which should be very variable in their settings. Good trading platforms also allow individual programming via C +. A good prop software allows not only footprint charts and volume charts, but also other interesting forms of presentation. An individual attitude of the DOM and the time & sales list is decisive. Similarly, deleted and added limit order should be visible. Pay attention to unique selling points, because these could be important trading advantages for you. A major weakness of all prop platforms is the fact that the number of trades cannot be broken down into bid and ask in all time units. However, that would be an enormous trading advantage today, which could reveal the identification of the big players in any unit of time. This would make it much easier to identify accumulation and distribution phases. If you are in a sideways market and you are able to see if the big players are collecting ask or bid, you are also able to take the movement of the stopfishing and the subsequent breakout. However, the existing platforms on the market are not yet mature enough.

My idea would be to build my own server, which first saves the 1 tick data from the exchange and makes this data available to you again in different time units. Crucial is the programming to get the data that is relevant for a trade decision. On the one hand there are importend small equilibrium in the tick data and on the other hand the number of trades in relation to the bid and ask. I think that could be a crucial market advantage.

First Conclusion:

In the forex market, the price range of bid and ask is the fastest information in the trade in addition to the currency strength. Even in the futures market you could calculate a currency strength, but the effort would be enormous, since you have to store for  28 currency pairs each a 1 tickchart and then merge the data. The result would be sensational, since one would be able to calculate the currency strength in the millisecond range. I am surprised that no one has yet come up with the idea.

In the futures market the current price line is the third fastest information. In second place are the bid and ask, which come on the market in 1 tick chart. Here you can immediately see how much lot (bid or ask) a single trader brings into the market. With a correct algorithm, you would even be able to assign the different trades to a particular trader. The advantage that results from this should be clear to everyone. In principle, the submitted bid or ask are at a certain price level, a small look into the future. By this I do not mean the bid and ask which lead to an immediate tick change, but the large bid and ask which do not immediately lead to a large price change. This is the so-called absorption where the big players e.g.  euro buy massively in a falling exchange rate without significantly slowing down the falling exchange rate. It is a sensational achievement that I admire very much. But this information can also be read out relatively easily. In the first place are the limit order in the market, which represent the crucial liquidity. That is clearly the future, because a trader who gives up a limit order shows the willingness to enter into a trade at a certain price level in the future. Of course, limit orders are also deleted shortly before execution. But if that happens I can immediately recognize this in the DOM and take a counter position. A large fake limit order that is deleted shortly before execution is a great signal for a possible trend reversal. It is clear that the futures data on the one hand give a better idea of future price developments and thus belong to the fastest data in the market. This is an invaluable advantage that a trader should not do without. What matters is how you view the data. It is not the fastest Formula 1 car that wins, but the driver who manages to create an optimal symbiosis between driver and vehicle wins. This applies equally to a trader and his trading setup.

Both the data from the forex and from the futures market bring crucial information for trading. With the help of the future data, you can significantly increase your efficiency again. Therefore, for me both data are an important factor in the trade.

Let's take a closer look and start with the future data.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Point A

Here we see the delta of Bid and Ask. The red line shows the delta of big players, the green line the delta of retail traders. As we can see, in most cases a counter position arises, which is also logical. Because if someone sells, someone has to buy at the same time. The positions of retail traders are usually at a disadvantage, as the big players determine the direction. The delta is not always clear, because the big players also work with small positions, which limits the view somewhat.

Point B

The same view of the delta only in a smaller unit of time.

Point C

Here we see the split bid coming in the market. 1-6 Lot Bid are most common, so they have their own layout. 7-10 lot bids have been combined and the larger bids from 11 lots are displayed on the left with the associated time. The smaller lots usually provide an immediate change in price, while the larger lots are used to pile up bid or ask in the sideways markets. I will go into that again more precisely. An investment of a bid may mean that the dollar is bought or the euro is sold. It can be an order that comes into the market or an order that is taken out of the market (triggered stops example). The respective insight is not allways concrete, but you get a good overview of what is happening in the market. It can also be determined whether the number of bids or ask dominate the market and whether a larger number of lots are being collected.

Point D

The same display as for Point C only for the Ask page.

Point E

Between bid and ask I placed a day candle from the DOM in the middle. On the one hand, this shows the price movement, as well as the spread between bid and ask. This means that liquidity weaknesses can be recognized immediately at the limit orders. The number on the left side is the total volume Bid and Ask, on the right side you can see the number of trades at the respective price level. With this you can also identify larger orders at the individual price levels. Likewise one can recognize possible resistance zones due to higher volumes.

Point F / G

A 1 tickchart for the bid and ask page showing the order in progress. Gaps in order submission can be identified more quickly here. This view is a pure overview for the identification of Bid and Ask on the respective price levels and gives only a large overview what happens in the market. A trade should not take place over it.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

This overview already gives more specific information about what is going on in the market.

Point A

In the DOM we see on the right and left side the total number of ask and bid within the whole contract. These are interesting zones to keep an eye on. In addition to the current price, I receive information about the liquidity of the limit orders, the bid and ask executed at the respective price level, as well as the accumulated, added or deleted limit orders. In addition, the currently added or deleted limit orders are displayed. This is crucial to identify pretended liquidity.

Point B

Here we see the open interest, i.e. the open long positions in the market.

Point C

This view shows whether the euro or dollar is bought or sold. From this, conclusions can be drawn about an accumulation or distribution. You can see when the big players get out of their positions and when they catch the stops of the retail traders. Of course, this information is not always correct because there are too many different situations. However, if one has the overall picture in mind, one can identify these potential errors.

Point D

A 30-second footprint chart with filtering that identifies strong and weak zones in the current price history. First and foremost I need this view to identify stopfishing. This means that short-term changes in trend can be recognized more quickly.

Point E

A 1 tick chart shows the submitted oders of a single participant on the bid and ask page.

Point F / G

The Time & Sales list shows the split ticks of Bid and Ask. The respective view contains the ask and bid price, the price change and the number of lots at the respective price level. In addition, the liquidity of the limit order can be displayed at the time of the change in the tick. The decisive criterion for me is the time display in milliseconds. This allows, to identify concretely the small orders, from the big players.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Let's first look at the 11th of November in EURUSD. Initially, massive ask in the sideways market was collected between 09:00 and 12:00 CET (Point A). Then a stopfishing was done and the course was pushed up to point B. From 2 p.m. 1000 Lot Ask were collected. I knew that the big player was waiting for a lot of volatility in the market. In the evening, there were some appointments that allowed increased volatility. USD Monthly Budget Statement, USD FOMC Economic Projections, USD Fed Interest Rate Decision, Fed Monetary Policy Statement and subsequent FOMC Press Conference. There was a short Stopfishing again at point C, then the course was pushed to the point D upwards. Even if the dollar had strengthened at these meetings, the rate would still have been pushed up. Because during the course of the day, the big players had collected many 1000 lots, which now had to be brought into profit. We see that these meetings are only needed to create the corresponding volatility in the market. What comes out is already clear beforehand. Although news and meetings influence the currencies, they do not affect the strategies of the big players. Let us first take a closer look at point A from 09: 00-12: 00 CET.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In the 1 tick chart we first recognize the price development in the sideways market at Point A. At Point B, it is noticeable that during this time a larger number of Ask than Bid came onto the market. That already gave the first indication of a possible accumulation phase. Of course, the other market participants also saw these large orders that came into the market. And that is exactly the crucial point. With the information that large orders are coming onto the market, the participants cannot do much at first, because as we can see in the picture, the price was then pushed down more strongly. This has stopped all the participants who have bet on a rising course. Therefore, we must remember that a big player usually only makes big orders, when it is clear that the price does not move directly in that direction afterwards. When many retail traders move up with the big players, some retail traders eventually start to get out of the market. At that moment the euro is sold and the dollar is bought at the same time. This slows down the course and the big players cannot finished their strategy up. How does it usually go? First, the big player buys large amounts of Ask in an accumulation phase. Then he pushes the course down and stops everyone who bought Ask. Then the way is clear, for a course up. This means that large orders are not directly price-relevant. For this reason, the big player doesn't care that you can identify these large orders in the market. The small orders that the big player brings to the market are relevant for the short term.

First, we see how the big player obviously buys big orders from Ask. We can assume that the price will initially not rise higher and suggest that it could come to a Stoppfishing.

What exactly happens during a stoppfishing?

The big player knows exactly that retail traders are trying to follow in his footsteps. By placing large orders in the ask area, the big player signals a future willingness to push the price up. This causes many retail traders to buy the euro as well. Since the big player determines the market anyway, he has no problem pushing the price down by 20 pip to stop the retail traders. He knows for sure that he will be able to push the price up again. The price is now pushed down until it hits the first stops of the retail trader. As soon as the stops are caught, a chain reaction comes down, because at that moment, the dollar is bought massively. Every stop that is caught pushes the price further down and in the end the retail traders ensure that the price goes down extremely sharply. The big player is already starting to get out of the dollar and is pushing the price up again.

Since the big player knows exactly that there is stopfishing, he naturally wants to participate in it. While buying large quantities of Ask in the sideways market, he also buys the dollar to push the price down for a short time. This approach should not be identified by the market, so the big player buys the dollar lot in small numbers. At point A, the big player started buying the small quantities. First let's look at how we can identify this approach.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

First of all, it is important that we can display the time in milliseconds in the Time & Sales list.

At 10: 01: 00.3660 you can see at Point A how a big player buys almost 50 lot bids. The probability that other market participants have also bought bid in this thousandth of a second is very unlikely. Therefore, with milliseconds you are able to assign the small orders to a big player.

Just under 2 minutes later at 10: 02: 52.3690, almost 80 lot bids were bought within this millisecond. Although this large mass of orders was bought, the price only moved two ticks down. This shows how strong the pressure was upwards.

The algorithms that are used are random and not understandable for us. We can see the number of pieces the big players have bought within this millisecond. A 50 or 80 lot order would be noticed immediately in the market, the purchase of small quantities takes place under the radar and is not recognizable for most traders. Especially since the numbers run through so quickly that you are not able to keep track of them at all. For this you should first freeze the time & sales list to identify the small orders.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In the fields marked yellow (point A), the big player has massively bought these small orders from bid. You can see what happened after that with the course. Only at Point B has the big player once again fired a machine gun volley of small orders into the market, and with the stops of the retail traders, the price has finally gone down more sharply. To identify these machine gun salvos, I like to use the sorted Bid and Ask that I showed in my first slide.

Conclusion:

With large lots that come on the ask or bid side, I am able to identify an accumulation or distribution phase. That shows me the long-term course course. The small orders that the big player secretly collects and do not immediately lead to a price change show me the medium-term price trend. As soon as a kind of machine gun volley is fired between 1-3 lots, this often shows the start for a stop fishing and thus the short-term course. The big player likes to work in the equilibrium with this machine gun volley to keep the price within the range. Of course you can't always rely on it, you always have to see the reactions of the big players in the context of the market. However, anyone who can handle this information is already a significant step ahead of most traders. There is still a lot more information to be considered, we will talk more about that in the next few weeks.

Very interesting information can also be generated from the Forex market, which I would like to briefly discuss again. Since there is only half as much data available in the Forex market as in the futures market, traders and programmers have become very creative in the past. The currency strength is an indicator that shows the strength of the respective currency at a glance. In addition, more and more useful indicators have been developed in recent years that can be crucial in daily action. Many traders on FF are among the best programmers of indicators that are used worldwide.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In the forex market, I use a dashboard, which gives me regular information about the market. I adjust this information regularly.

Point A

Here we see the bionics candle in the H1. Crucial here are the pullbacks within the candle, which are marked in color. From this you can quickly derive the strength of a candle.

Point B

These are two indicators that show the currency strength. The upper indicator is for the medium-term range, the lower one for the very short-term range. Green stands for the Euro, red for the Dollar. M1 is my preferred time unit, for the short term area.

Point C

These are the same indicators, but in the M15. Larger time units are not necessary because I tend to work in the short term.

Point D

A self-developed indicator in the M1 that shows me the percentage distribution of bearish and bullish movements within a candle.

Point E

An indicator of the currency strength, which I have modified something. Green means the euro strength in 7 crucial currency pairs, within nine different time units and red shows the dollar strength.

Point F

Here I get different information about the price, the spread, the volatility and which decision meetings can possibly increase the volatility.

Point G

This indicator shows if you had invested 1 lot in the Daily Open , how the gain would have been in the high, the low, and the current price.

Point H

This indicator shows the investment of 1 lot at the respective open in the different time units.

Point I

In the overview the bionic candle is used, the numbers show the respective trend strength of the zigzag indicator with the setting 4/2/1. This indicator has given rise to another indicator that I consider to be very efficient.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

We see a picture in the EURUSD M1. First the course runs up to point A. The task now is to draw possible resistance zones in the future, but you only see the price till point A. At first this task seems to be a big challenge.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Most of you know my zigzag indicator, which calculates the individual trend strength. In principle, this is the same indicator, only now the individual zones will colored green and red. Since the candles in the M1 are very volatile, I have hidden them. We see an equilibrium at Point A, after that the course goes up sharply. I marked this zone and you can see that after the course re-enters this zone it was strongly rejected. The other zones can also be drawn in well. We know, the greater the time unit, the more reliable the message of a candle. However, I believe that the candles only help us to a limited extent to determine resistance zones. With the help of this indicator, I have also created a kind of candle that gives me more concrete information. In the picture we see a M1 chart, the candles are hidden, but on average a new zone is formed every 5 minutes. So I have a kind of 5 minute chart, which gives very interesting information. If the zone is narrow, it is a strong price action, and if the zone is wider, it is a sustainable trend. You will receive the latest indicator at the end of the article. With the setting 4/2/1, a different number of zones is created in the different time units.

M1 = ⌀ every 5 minutes a new zone is created

M5 = ⌀ every 30 minutes a new zone is created

M15 = ⌀ a new zone is created every 60 minutes

M30 = ⌀ a new zone is created every 4 hours

H1 = ⌀ a new zone is created every 6 hours

H4 = ⌀ A new zone is created once a day

D1 = ⌀ once a week a new zone is created

I'll talk about these zones again in one of my next posts. The key candle also plays an essential role. I would like to note that you can use this illustration to draw up a rough plan for a possible course, but what is important is the way big players work. I have already described this information, so stock market data is an indispensable tool.

Big Conclusion:

The Forex data are ideal for medium-term to long-term planning. With the colored zig zag zones I am able to eliminate the candles and concentrate only on the crucial zones. The Zig Zag strength indicator shows me the power of a trend and the Bionickerze the strength of the pullbacks, inside the candle. A crucial point is the currency strength, which gives me important clues. In addition, there are many useful auxiliary indicators that often help me. With the Forex data one can sketch a rough course of the course, which however has to be regularly compared with the futures data.

The futures data are ideal for concrete short-term to medium-term planning. With the time & sales list, the algorithms can be read out when the big players collect small amounts of lots. The DOM shows the deleted and added limit orders, which represent the decisive liquidity in the market. The open interest shows the open long positions in the market. Small and large orders can be filtered in the 1 tick chart to recognize what is collected in the equilibrium. The chart shows whether the euro / dollar is being bought or sold. In addition, you can make the triggered stops visible. The future data help me to find the optimal entry and exit.

The Forex data are ideal for long-term planning, the futures data are ideal for short-term planning. Both datas meet in the medium term. If the information is consistent, the probability of a successful trade goes up. If there is different information, you should wait for a better opportunity. The Forex data is good for making a forecast, with the futures data I can quickly determine whether the big players are approaching or moving away from this forecast. For this reason, both data are crucial for a successful trade.

I would like to go back to the randomness of course developments. Of course, the coincidence is responsible for whether a market order at a certain time period at a certain price level leads to a tick change or not. However, we know that the big players determine the price development in the market due to their investments. Therefore, I believe that the small tick changes are fundamentally subject to chance, but not the fundamental direction of the market. This is prepared and carried out precisely by the big players. This allows calculation of the course price without having to consider the coincidence, provided that the correct information from the futuremarket is observed. This is a crucial point that can give many traders hope.

I wish you a successful trading week.

best regards

Michael

--- 帖子 #1180 ---
[quote=Bionics;12659345]
Hi Bionics,

Big thanks for your entire and continuous contributions regarding helping not only the beginners but all level traders to learn,create and exercise their setup/system as they required.

A little correction,all indicators and rest of stuff i posted and will be posting in future as time allows me,is of Mladen Rakic and of Mrtools so all thanks goes to them -

--- 帖子 #1181 ---
I'm not that good in price action, because I mostly keep an eye on my indicators. Of course, now my attention goes a bit more to my now colored candles, ha ha, thanks to Bionics ...And, when for instance you see a H1 candle forming when 80% of that peticular hour is over and that candle is then a nice pinbar with a long wick under a small body, initially trend was going down, so you think based on price action that price will go up now ...but in the last few minutes of that hour, the formerly nice pinbar suddenly becomes a normal bearish candle on H1 and the bearish trend continues. Naturally you can wait till the hourly candle is over, but then again price action can confuse you.  So I see it too when a pinbar is forming on M15 or H1, but then I look what my stochs are telling me on M1, M5 and M15, when those all are overbought, and that's certainly the case when such a 'bullish' pinbar on H1 is forming, well then I will not go long, I would probably already be out of my small countertrade against the trend.

regards from Wulong

--- 帖子 #1182 ---
Bonnie and Clyde in the Forex market

Hello dear subscribers,

In my last report "The fastest information in the market" I showed which information is the fastest in the Forex and Futures markets. This knowledge is first of all important in order to make the right trading decisions. Since today's report builds on my last post, I recommend working through it first.

The fastest information in the market

The sideways markets (equilibrium) are an important key to success. If you recognize in a sideways market whether it is an accumulation or a distribution, you are also able to take the movement of the stop fishing with you and the subsequent breakout. This means that only price movements are traded that are quick and efficient and thus reduce the risk of a longer stay in the market. The big traders' approach is usually based on the principle: the same procedure as every week.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

On the picture you can see the EURUSD in M1 from December 11th. First the price went down and on the morning of December 11 a big player started buying the euro strongly (Point A). A few hours later, another large buy order from Euros came on the market (Point C). First of all, we have to ask ourselves why a big player places a large order in the market when he has to assume that every trading participant will see this large order immediately. I wrote about this in my last post. A big player places a large order only if he is certain that this large order is not directly price-relevant. By that I mean that placing a large order does not immediately lead to a larger spike upwards. That would also be very ineffective because the big player would be predictable at that moment. As we know, the big players are anything but predictable. First, a big player at Point A buys the euro with an obviously large order. Then there is a small stop run down and the course moves up again.

All participants who goes Long at Point A have been stopped. Then the course went up to Point B. Now the big player begins the second phase. The dollar is bought strong, but in such a way that nobody notices it. The big player uses algorithms that buy the dollar in small quantities. The market participants in the market only see big buy orders euro and assume that the price will have to move upwards in the short term. If the big player were to buy the dollar in large lots, the participants would be confused. The big player knows that he will push the price up sharply in the medium term. To do this, he first has to buy a large number of euros. But he also knows that some participants will follow him. These participants must be stopped up before the spike. I described the reasons for this in detail in my last post. So there must first be a stop fishing before the spike can start up. It goes without saying that the big player also wants to make money from the stop fishing. Logically, he has to buy the dollar at the same price level where he buys the euro on the one hand. To keep participants believing that the price is going up, the big player has to buy the dollar in small quantities, which is exactly what happens at Point B.

At Point C, the big player buys the euro again in large quantities. Many market participants go long and are then stopped again. It is now clear to many that it is an equilibrium and the course will definitely go up. The price continues to move in equilibrium and runs to point D. This price movement to point D looks like the big player is now pushing the price up. But now the opposite is happening. With a machine gun salvo of 1 and 2 lots, the big player begins to push the course down. With this, the first stops of retail traders managed to catch up. Then a chain reaction occurs. Every stop that is caught pushes the course further down. In principle, the stops of the retail trailers ensure that they shoot each other out of the market. At Point E, the big player fires a large machine gun salvo from small solder and pushes the course further down. The same chain reaction arises again and in the course of the downward movement, the big player begins to exit the dollar. At Point F there is no longer a participant willing to trade further down and the Big Player starts pushing the course up. After the course has gone down so strongly, traders are hesitant to buy the euro. An ideal starting point for the big player.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here I have shown the whole process again with my own algorithms in the future market. You can see exactly where the euro and dollar were bought. At Point G you can see that the big player has already withdrawn from the euro with partial positions. After that, the price went down even more. In principle, it is always the same game that is played. As long as it works, it will continue to be played. Only when there are complications are alternatives sought. It was the same at Bonnie & Clyde at the time, only there were no alternatives in the end.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

We have found that in the futures market the current price line is the third fastest information and the bid and ask that come into the market in a 1 tick chart are the second fastest. The quickest information about a possible price trend is shown by the limit orders in the market, which provide the liquidity. That is clearly the future, because a trader who gives up a limit order shows the willingness to enter into a trade at a certain price level in the future. Of course, limit orders are also deleted shortly before execution. That is why I recommend working with a headmap that takes into account spoofing in the market. This gives me a good overview of possible resistance and support zones in the market.

So we have to consider three phases of big players. Phase 1 is the placing of large orders in the market that can be identified by every market participant. These large orders show the long-term market trend. This is followed by phase 2, the preparation for stop fishing. That is the medium-term course. Algorithms buy small orders in quick succession that cannot be identified in the market. This is followed by phase 3: the big player shoots 1-3 lots with machine gun salvos and pushes the course in the appropriate direction to start stop fishing. The large orders in phase 1 are easy to identify, so we do not need to deal with them.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

With this attitude I identify phase 2, the preparation for stop fishing. At Point A we see the time and sales list, each individual order that a participant has brought into the market is displayed. With the right filtering, you can recognize these small orders that a big player buys. At 22: 59: 00.2590, a larger participant bought 15 Lot Ask within milliseconds. It is possible to combine orders that were bought within a certain millisecond. This makes it much easier to correctly identify phase 2.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here we see a summary again. At Point A we recognize the large lot that has been released into the market. At Point B, we see the orders summarized in milliseconds that were placed by a larger participant. At Point C, I can more easily identify the machine gun salvos I have described. For this, the individual lots have only been filtered. To recognize the stop fishing, I still like to use a footprint in the 30 second chart, which shows me the triggered stops.

Conclusion:

I don't get the information described here from the Forex market, but only from stock market data. Possible patterns that I see in the chart are in most cases initiated by the big players and give me important information. Overall, I need to be able to read the overall context of the market to increase my long-term profitability. If we summarize all this information, it should be clear that a single indicator is unable to increase my probability of winning. It is also wrong to assume that the market is easy to trade. Indicator winnings are purely coincidental and have nothing to do with the real intentions of the big players.

Therefore, I strongly advise you to refrain from standard indicators and to deal with the stock market data. I have also been successful in the past 10 years, but that was also pure coincidence. However, it was only because I only traded in equilibrium or in sideways markets. The resistance zones I determined were initiated by the big players, which of course benefited me within the equilibrium.

Let us note that it is definitely possible to make profits even without the stock market data, but we have to be aware that this is based solely on chance. If you want to rule out coincidence, you should look at the stock exchange data. A little tip: If you look at the screens of traders from Goldman Sachs or large banks, you will find that only the DOM, the time and sales list and a maximum of one chart without indicators are used there. In order to act successfully, you should work as the successful ones set an example. It may be a big change in the beginning, but it will be a big win in the long run.

The sentence from my last post is so important that I have to repeat it again !!!

It is about the coincidence of course developments. Of course, chance is responsible for whether or not a market order leads to a tick change at a certain price level for a certain period of time. However, we know that the big players determine the price development in the market due to their investments. Therefore, I believe that the small tick changes are generally subject to chance, but not the basic direction of the market. This is prepared and carried out exactly by the big players. This enables a course to be calculated outside of coincidence, provided the correct information is taken into account. This is a crucial point that can give us all hope.

I wish you a successful weekend.

best regards

--- 帖子 #1183 ---
Damn, I still have a lot to read. Ha, ha, I have read the first pages, some in the middle and some of the last pages of this nice thread. Mostly I'm looking for an indicator I might use and in the mean time I start reading where I find the indicator. When will I have time ? Anyway, next to the bionic candles, the most interesting indicator for me is the bionic percentage balance indicator. I must dig deeper into that one, but after a short time I already have found out it's quite interesting, as it can predict certain moves. It indicates when there is NO strenght at all and mostly that is a sign  ...then you simply wait, because then there is a kind of equilibrium and after that price will often choose another direction. And when I get confirmation of my other indicators, I go for it. Do not mind my many moving averages in M1, they do have a purpose (for me), ha ha.

And, 'Bionic Michael' I'm still amazed how you still manage to analyse a certain course of EurUsd to the bottom !

Regards from Wulong

--- 帖子 #1184 ---
Interpretation and facts

Hello dear subscribers,

First of all I would like to thank you again for your many compliments and confirmations for this blog. Your reactions show that this blog helps you and that is the decisive factor. The blog name "Equilibrium, a key to success" clearly shows my opinion on Equilibrium. It is a key but not the only key to success. This blog was initially created to answer the question myself why I was able to trade profitably with forex data in the past. A trader never knows whether the success arose out of his skill or luck. I still believe that experience plays a big role, but in my case, luck seemed to be greater than my ability.

The big players essentially determine the market with their capital. However, due to the low liquidity in the limit orders, you do not have the chance to buy 1000 lots at once. Therefore, the price is kept in equilibrium in order to acquire the necessary number of bid and ask. The price will be artificially balanced until the big players have finished their shopping spree. This creates alleged resistance zones or patterns, which often end with tick accuracy. The big players know very well that the masses are reacted on these zones and patterns.

Since I only traded in equilibrium (sideways markets) in the past, I happened to have correctly assessed these artificial resistance zones and traded profitably. After that I got out and didn't bet on a breakout. So I acted in a phase when I wasn't dangerous to the big players. Likewise, the big players in the equilibrium pose no great danger, since they first have to pick up their ask or bid. As a trader, this procedure requires getting involved in scalping. And that is a big challenge for many.

What zones and patterns are there?

Candle Patterns (Doji), Pattern Tradings (Gartley Patterns), Resistance Lines, (Horizontal, Vertical, Trend Lines), Resistance and Supports, Channels, Retangles, Head & Shoulder and Inverted Head & Shoulder, Doubletop and Doublebottom, Triangle and Wedges, Flag and Pennant , 123-Muster, Fibonacci, 200 EMA, Moving Average, RSI, MACD, bullish market, bearish market and many more ...

The most used indicators include the 200 EMA, MACD, RSI and the Fibonacci zones. Big player analysts deal with precisely this zone and are able to show the profit traders of banks the possible stops of retail traders. They go one step further. Certain price courses are set up so that it looks as if there is resistance at the Fibonacci or EMA 200 zone. This places the stops of the retail traders exactly where they are needed by the big players. In principle, indicators are an invisible spider web so that the fly sticks there while the spider only has to wait.

The basic question is to what extent can we rely on these zones or patterns?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here we see the EURUSD in H1. The upper obvious resistance zone is just a small example of why so many traders lose their money. We humans tend to want to create a supposed order within a chaos in order to understand the whole. That is why we work with indicators or pattern recognition, which should help us to resolve complicated price developments. Millions of people trade in EURUSD every day, isn't it strange that the price sometimes stops exactly at a certain price zone and runs in the opposite direction? We know that even a few lots can move the price, so retail traders also have a certain influence on the price. With so many options for course development, it would be very unlikely that a price stops several times at thesame price level. Unless this price is influenced by a big player. Now we come to the crucial question: What are these patterns that we have identified worth? In principle, they are worth nothing unless the big player wants them to be of value to us. And why does the big player do that? To mislead us and take our money. Retail traders are allowed to win once or twice, then they will killed at stop fishing. We know too well that if we won $ 300 yesterday, our brain registers two things.

1. You see it works!
2. Tomorrow we will get more !!

If you would keep the $ 300, everything would be ok, but you will invest the money again the next day and this time the supposed resistance zone is gone and the course just goes through. It's like the slot player who just won a big series. Instead of stoped out, all the money is invested again. And even if all the money is gone, the player knows that he has won before, so he continues. That means we just won $ 300, the question is whether we can keep that $ 300 in the long run.

Let´s talk about to the indicators.

There are traders who work with many indicators and some traders only work with the pure chart image. Now the traders who do without indicators will make fun of the others and conversely, the traders who work with many indicators will be convinced that without an indicator you can only lose. Neither one is right or wrong. There are traders who are successful with many indicators and there are traders who are successful without indicators. Nothing from that is better or worse.

Anyone who takes a closer look at the market will find that the forex market does not provide any crucial information other than the price. The resulting trading decisions are therefore based solely on interpretations rather than facts.

In this blog all traders (who also want it) receive information in the form of experiences, auxiliary indicators and examples. Everyone can create their own setup here and is not pressed into a defined process that they have to adhere to. Therefore, I ask you to accept that everyone can work with their own system and that discussion about meaning or nonsense is inappropriate. After all, it is his own money that he uses here. I would never say that you cannot be successful with a particular system. I only know that this system is not suitable for me. This blog is only about ideas in the equilibrium to create your own setup. If a visitor to this blog tries to advertise their own system, I can only say: Forget it !!! Not because the system is bad, but because the likelihood that other trader will make money with it is very low. And if a trader demands money for his system, I say: stay away !! Anyone who has an idea for a setup is always welcome, but I reject a complete system in this blog. A setup must be created individually by each trader, only that guarantees a profitable future. And that's exactly what this blog is for.

I posted a detailed report on the setup:

The never ending story

The decisive factor is the screen time in which you use your own setup. You need a lot of time and patience for this. Educate yourself and get to know the market, but definitely go your own way.

The following recent posts could also help you:

The fastest information in the market

Bonnie and Clyde in the Forex market

Conclusion:

Anyone who works with indicators must be aware that their trading decisions are based solely on pure interpretation.

Facts: The big players determine the market, so the big players largely determine the patterns and zones that we see in the market !!!!

Let's do an example!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

What do we see in this forex chart?

There are now many answers and explanations from different traders and everyone thinks he is right. I personally see in this chart a price that is going down, then an equilibrium and then the price reaches a provisional low. Then the course goes up again. That's all. And why am I no longer seeing? Because I don't know which market participants bought Ask and Bid with what intent when and at what price level. We do not get this information in the Forex market and there are no indicators to show us that. In this respect, all statements that we make are purely coincidental and have nothing to do with the actual process in the market. When we trade zones or patterns, they are influenced and wanted by the big players. If we are correct, it has little to do with ability or knowledge. If we were to rely on pure facts without interpretations, there would be no upward or downward trend, no resistance and support zones, no lows and no highs, no bearish and bullish market and no equilibrium.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

We should ask ourselves why the best traders in the world trade with the DOM, the Time & Sales list and at most one chart image. The chart image is only used to see how ask and bid affect the price trend, which is even easier to see in the DOM. The answer is terrifyingly simple: because the big players do not want to interpret a course, only the facts. And that is a crucial difference.

Interpretation means in the general sense the understanding or the subjectively considered plausible interpretation of something that is given or at least something that exists, while a fact is a real, demonstrable, existing, true or recognized fact.

If we interpret an image on which we recognize a certain pattern and the painter actually only has the brush dropped on the canvas, this is not a broken leg. But if we use our interpretation to speculate with our money, that's another matter. I believe that your investments should be based on facts rather than interpretations. Of course, we will always have to interpret in these markets, but with the stock market data we get some facts about the current situation. It is precisely these facts that increase our probability of winning. No more and no less.

I wish you a successful trading week

best regards

--- 帖子 #1185 ---
Another superb post. In particular, I liked the following:

"We should ask ourselves why the best traders in the world trade with the DOM, the Time & Sales list and at most one chart image. The chart image is only used to see how ask and bid affect the price trend, which is even easier to see in the DOM. The answer is terrifyingly simple: because the big players do not want to interpret a course, only the facts. And that is a crucial difference."

Understanding DOM (the ladder) and time & sales is key to trading success.

--- 帖子 #1186 ---
Hello, what is the indicator for mt4 is the DOM?

--- 帖子 #1187 ---
Hello wendvieira,

Welcome to our blog. Since the forex market is not a regulated market, there is unfortunately no DOM or time & sales list there. You only get this data from the futures market. If you would like to know more about it, please start with the following contribution.

Forex versus future

In the course of the further contributions you will also find MT4 indicators as an alternative. However, the indicators in the MT4 are unable to reflect the actual investments made by the market.

I hope you find some information that will help you.

best regards

--- 帖子 #1188 ---
[quote=corinthia;12665550]

Another superb post. In particular, I liked the following:

"We should ask ourselves why the best traders in the world trade with the DOM, the Time & Sales list and at most one chart image. The chart image is only used to see how ask and bid affect the price trend, which is even easier to see in the DOM. The answer is terrifyingly simple: because the big players do not want to interpret a course, only the facts. And that is a crucial difference."

Understanding DOM (the ladder) and time & sales is key to trading success.

Hello corinthia,

First of all, thank you very much, I absolutely agree with you, unfortunately the display of the DOM and the Time & Sales list is very limited for many providers. Obtaining important information from this is a real challenge. The key is variable filter settings that can be used to divide this information into important sequences. This approach is also used by high frequency traders, although they use extremely better software for it. But in the end, it depends on which data will help you. Filtering the information into different sequences also requires a certain interpretation, which, however can be backed up with facts. We will deal with this filter setting in the next few weeks. It's a big challenge and a lot of work that I would like to share with you.

I wish you a successful week

best regards

Michael

--- 帖子 #1189 ---
I would like to clarify a bit my previous post. The M1 template you see is my trading template, but focus is on Bionic indicators which I'm testing out, almost all other indicators I will never show, for the simple reason no one but me can trade with it. The M5 template is a test template where I test various indicators, in this case also Bionic ones.  I strongly suggest every one should make his own system, but that's not that easy AND you must know it thoroughly and inside out !

Of course, my moving averages and BB also guide me often. The BB360 I'm using already a long time, when price is inside the big period bands, it's in an equilibrium, I have experienced cases where price kept hanging on one of the bands for more than 45 minutes and then boom, the big guys took their preys. When price breaks the BB360 upper or lower band and stays under or above it, it's clearly down trend or up trend. Also in a lot of cases price does respect the band, sometimes not. So, if it does and I get other confirmation, my chances of winning rise. Coincidence or not, or maybe an 'interpretation' of mine, I guess so, but when it helps me, what the heck ? Maybe winning in Forex without the 'facts' and only depending on the sometimes not that correct facts we get from our broker is because of a ' kind of sixt sense', who knows, that one gets after thousands of hours watching charts.  I'm also not pretending anyone should use my BB360, but for me it's a kind of equilibrium, so I thought it would fit in here.

So, to some extent I do not agree with you Michael, it's sometimes possible to win without the 'facts', I do not think it's always sheer luck, but I agree that's it's of course much better to have access to real facts like Future data.  But for me personally, it's not that easy to understand the 'Dom' or the Times and Sales list, because I'm simply not used to it.

Today, I downloaded the offline tickchart, quite interesting, I must say. I loaded a heavy template on it (all mine are heavy, ha ha) and it was stuck, but with a simple template (I have those too) it works like a rhyme. I especially like the 2 minute offline chart, but that's my first impression, of course, will see how it goes.

Best regards from Wulong

--- 帖子 #1190 ---
„Interpretation and facts“

[quote=Wulong;12667436]I would like to clarify a bit my previous post.

Hello Wulong,

First of all, I am very happy that you looks at my indicators and that they may help you. That's why I developed it and if you get a trading advantage from it, it would be a great result. It is also correct not to publish your own setup, firstly because it is a personal advantage for you and secondly because no one else could work with it like you anyway. That you disagree about my contribution: „Interpretation and facts“ its completely fine.

Every trader acts on the basis of facts and interpretations, which always leaves plenty of scope for different opinions. The key is to find your personal setup that will make you profit in the long run. It doesn't matter what others say or recommend. So there is no right or wrong. Our subscribers in this blog works varied and everyone acts with their own setup, which they have put together over the years. I am very proud that these subscribers accept the different nature of the other traders and that there is no unnecessary discussion about who is right. I would never say that a setup doesn't work. I can see for myself that certain setups or indicators don't work for me, but that's just my personal opinion. You wrote a very important sentence: It is not so easy for me personally to understand the Dom or Times and Sales list because I am simply not used to it. You put it very honestly. Only when you have made a habit out of the Dom / Times and Sales list will you know if it will help you.

There is a nice quote from Talmund:

Pay attention to your thoughts, because they become words.

Watch your words, for they become actions.

Pay attention to your actions because they become habits.

Watch your habits, for they become your character.

Watch your character, for it becomes your destiny.

This blog should be an invitation for all participants to look outside the box when trading. It is a collection of different modules to create your own setup. This is a bit more complex than getting a finished system in front of your nose, but in the end you created it yourself and tailored it to your personal characteristics. And that's exactly what you do and in my opinion, that's the only and right way.

I wish you success

Michael

--- 帖子 #1191 ---
Awesome bro its about spiritual

--- 帖子 #1192 ---
I found the best timeframe for DOM trader is M1, and M5, hihger TF has too many noisey. During low liquidty session the big players are difficult to hide their activities, while, high liquidity session, big players get more confident with their trades, they may hold their positions for longer time, which will create false signal to the market. And other deadly skills like buy/sell at the same time can be apply to the market. Anyway there are less information, the result need many experience, lucky and more guess

Edit: a example of current EurUsd M15 Attached Image (click to enlarge)

the last Pinbar, as I understood, maybe Bionics had mentioned before, they want the market see the pinbar, is a bait, but some earlier buyer took the bait, if they were not too greedy they can make profit also

--- 帖子 #1193 ---
The new generation of traders

Hello dear subscribers,

If we still remember the eighties, we see the floor traders on the stock exchange, shouting at each other and throwing 1000 pieces of buy and sell orders through the air. This stock market world no longer exists. In the 1990s, the interbank market became a separate market for banks, detached from the regulations of the stock exchange. This enabled the banks to exchange money with one another without fees in order to remain liquid. After the first brokers received licenses for the forex market, the big players quickly realized that this was a very interesting business. In addition to the retail traders, there were also other smaller institutional traders. The proportion of smaller institutional traders and retail traders is already over 15%. With a daily sales volume of just under $ 6 trillion, that's almost $ 1 trillion in trading volume. I was once interested in how much money is won and lost per day in the Forex market and what the distribution could look like. So I created a vague forecast. I assumed that all participants in the forex market act as speculators, which of course is not the case. That is why this forecast is purely speculative.

According to statements from some institutions, forex market sales are expected to be $ 6 trillion a day by the end of this year. 85% are in the banking market, 10% in institutional traders and 5% in retail traders. In total, 60 million lots are traded per day. In the calculation, I assumed that in the event of a loss, $ 100 would be lost per lot ($ 100,000) (0.1%). This corresponds to a stop of 10 pip. While the big players work without a stop, swing traders have higher stops and scalper have very small stops. I calculated the loss rate of the big players at 10%, the institutional traders at 60% and the retail traders at 90%. The loss rate of retail traders is known, but why did I calculate the loss rate of institutional traders at 60%? Many large companies use the interbank market to exchange money to pay their employees, this is less about profit. In addition, millions of people exchange money abroad every day, on vacation and on business trips. In addition, an institutional trader does not lose 60% a day, but profits and losses change every day. Incidentally, a win rate of 40% is very high if you assume that the average probability of winning in the futures market is 16%.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

With these factors, $ 6 trillion in daily sales is generated in Forex, but only an effective $ 1,200,000,000 in loss or gain. The overall result is as follows: The institutional traders lose $ 130 million and the retail traders $ 270 million = a total of $ 400 million. That should be exactly the sum that the big players share among themselves. Of course there are also winners among retail traders with a total of $ 30 million a day. However, $ 300 million a day is lost at the same time. It is obvious that the foreign exchange market is a very lucrative market for banks, optimal for improving their bad bank balance sheets. Some banks earn up to 60% of their annual profits in the forex market. The big players not only have the most money, but also the best market information (volume). Smaller institutional traders have been able to obtain this market information from CLS for several years, but retail traders are lagging behind. Firstly, retail traders have the least capital and secondly, they receive incomplete data. This makes them the weakest link in the chain, and the losses must inevitably be greatest here. The terrifying thing about my forecast is the following result: Although retail traders only make up a tiny 5% share of the Forex market in terms of turnover, they bring the big player 67% of their profits. Brokers and banks work together in this market. Everything is done to support retail traders: Seminars by successful traders, great indicators, competitions and many illustrations of how easy it is to earn a large fortune in this market. Why slaughter a cow when one can milk it regularly?

Despite these market conditions, can a retail trader make long-term profits in the Forex market?

This is possible, but only if he works with the same strategies as the big players. Unfortunately, we lack the necessary money and IT, the only way we have is to follow the big players. We only have to deal with their strategies and try to understand their actions. If you want to travel up or down with the big players, you have to identify them. It starts with the right data, very fast internet connections, high-quality technology, good software and a professional approach. Everything else will not work in the long run unless you have enough money to trade 10-12 hours a day for the next 5 years without output your trading capital. Calculate for yourself, if you make 4% return per month, you need at least $ 100,000 to make a living. If you then deduct 1/3 for taxes, it will be tight. Building up small capital is also a particular challenge. If you have $ 5,000 today and you earn 4% return every month for the next 5 years, you will end up owning $ 20,000 after tax. With $ 20,000 and a 4% return, this equates to a monthly income of $ 500 after tax. You can achieve it with 10% return per month, but probably not with the help of MACD or RSI.

The world of retail traders has changed a bit. Bundled knowledge is available on the Internet in a matter of seconds. The challenge is to filter out the bad information and to benefit from high quality experience. This is the biggest hurdle an inexperienced trader has to overcome. The exchange between experienced traders doesn't make it easier for the big players, the banks are already looking for other ways as their trading results deteriorate. Today's traders are much more informed and critical than they were many years ago. The new growing generation of retail traders is more effective and do not be work for prop companies, but rather earns the money from home. This new generation of retail traders do not need suits, but sit barefoot in front of their screens and trade very efficiently and not according to market technology. Of course, the big players always adapt to a changed situation and come up with new variants of confusion. But this head start will never last long. I believe that we are in the right time in this market. With a little creativity and an efficient approach, in the future more traders will be able to act very profitably in the long term. To do this, one should regularly question and optimize your action strategies. Maybe we're already the new generation of traders and we don't know yet.

Strategy identification

All trading processes begin with an initial research phase. This research process involves finding a strategy, determining whether that strategy fits with other strategies, obtaining data necessary to test the strategy, and trying to optimize the strategy for higher returns and / or less risk. We also need to consider our own capital requirements when executing the strategy as a trader and how any transaction costs affect the strategy. Transaction costs can make the difference between an extremely profitable strategy with a good return and an extremely unprofitable strategy with a negative return. Depending on the frequency of the strategy, we may need access to historical stock market data, including tick data for bid / ask prices. Our success generally depends on the quality, depth and timeliness of the data.

As I wrote in my last two posts, I am currently filtering bid and ask, limit orders and spoofing, as this information is among the fastest in the market. If you haven't read these posts yet, you can find the links here.

The fastest information in the market

Bonnie and Clyde in the Forex market

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I once created an example for my current project.

Point A

The time and sales list that only filters the bid.

Point B

The time and sales list that only filters the ask.

Point C

As soon as a tick arises in the market, the liquidity is shown on the ask and bid page at this time. With this, I can see immediately after the tick ends whether the liquidity increases or decreases or whether absorption takes place.

Point D

A very interesting filtering for spoofing. The extent to which limit sell or limit buy orders are added or subtracted is shown immediately. In conjunction with Point C, a good addition to capture liquidity in the market very quickly.

Point E

Different cumulative ask and bid are filtered here, which are summarized in the respective milliseconds. This enables me to identify a medium-term trend change.

Point F

Here we see individual orders from 10 lots, which do not come to the market cumulatively. As a rule, a long-term trend change can be estimated from this.

Point G

These are non-cumulative orders on the bid side of 1-4 lot.

Point H

These are non-cumulative orders on the Ask page of 1-4 Lot. This display shows short-term changes in trend, especially when a big player starts the stopfishing.

Point I

Basically a day candle with the graphic volume. The volume is shown on the left, while the number of trades can be seen on the right. From this, certain anomalies can be quickly identified and a strong participation of the big players on a certain price level.

Of course, you always have to see this view in context and connect it to my main screen. So that you can get an idea, I created a video for you, but the volatility at the time of recording is not very high.

Inserted Video

Here I would like to show you an example of why it is important to filter the bid and ask by milliseconds.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

We see that at 09: 33: 57.3880 a total of 138 lot bids from a single operator entered the market. These were exclusively smaller orders of 1 to 2 lots. Of course, you could also see this representation in the time and sales list, but the numbers run there very quickly. You can freeze the list and look at it calmly, but then it is usually too late to make a trading decision. In a 1 tick chart with the bid and ask indicator, this order will not be noticed either. Why is that important? The big players only have the habit of placing large and identifiable orders on the market if the order is not price-sensitive at this time. For example, if you collect Ask in an accumulation phase. This collecting phase takes some time and it is very likely that the price will not go up immediately. Price changes that are planned in the medium term are often hidden in small orders.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here we see another example, at point A a total of 46 lot bids come in within 1 millisecond. At Point B we see the summary, underneath we see further combined orders that are between 23 and 34 lots. At Point C, I once presented the non-cumulative larger orders that came into the market at the same time and that everyone immediately noticed. These orders are significantly smaller and give the impression that there is no great interest in trading downwards. Of course, we must not forget that a bid order can also be a euro sale. To identify this, I work with an individual filter setting.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I have created a new main screen for the filter setting of Bid and Ask.

Point A

Here we see an individually compiled DOM. In addition to the volume display that differentiates between bid and ask, we see the current liquidity with the limit sell and limit buy orders, the cumulative bid and ask that came into the market and the identification of spoofing.

Point B

A custom zigzag indicator that shows the volume within a trend. This representation is a very interesting view, which we will talk about in more detail. Below we see the volume delta.

Point C

We see a 2 tick chart with an individual filtering that helps me to find out whether the euro / dollar is currently being bought or sold.

Point D

My time and sales list, which was individually filtered here.

Point E

The open interest to identify all open long positions in the market.

Point F

Representation of a footprint in a 30 second chart to identify the stopfishing.

Point G

The display of bid and ask in a 1 second chart for better identification of cumulative orders.

Point H

A forex chart in the M1 with my supply and demand indicator to better identify possible resistance zones using my key candle.

To get a better impression of this, I also created a short video.

Inserted Video

You may be wondering why I am willing to discuss profitable strategies, especially when I know that others are copying it and could potentially override the strategy in the long run. The concern is unfounded, as a trader would never be able to deal with my parameters and voting methods. These optimizations are the real key to making a relatively mediocre strategy highly profitable, and every trader has to find this tuning for themselves. Nevertheless, this blog gives you one of the best ways to create your own unique strategies, find similar methods, and then carry out your own optimization process. In principle you get the same Formula 1 car as Michael Schumacher, you just have to tailor the setup of the vehicle settings to your needs. And that's also logical, because every trader interprets something different. In order to be profitable, every trader has to create his own individual setup. And you will find many ideas for this in this blog, regardless of whether you trade futures or forex.

I wish you a successful week

best regards

Michael

--- 帖子 #1194 ---
Well, well, I thought my system was complicated, and the few people who have seen it were at first amazed how I could trade with it, but when I look at your videos with the testscreen overview and the bid and ask beast, well, I think : how on earth can someone trade with that, I do not know where to look first. I do not think a pilot has that many buttons and parameters ….no kidding ! And everything goes that fast ! Especially with the tickcharts, that I have experienced myself now. I have this RSXBO, I call it like that because I used it with success in my Binary Options time and it's still my favorite indicator, no matter what. Every single time, that RSX is oversold or overbought, price reacts. So price will go down when the RSX is above level 75 in a 8 period tickchart, but the effect is of course minimal in a 15 min candle, hence the price up and down fluctuations within a single higher timeframe candle. Ha, ha, sorry for my enthusiasm, it's the first time I'm using a tickchart...

Anyway, Michael, thanks for your nice previous reply.

And I still have some questions, but that's for later, it was a long day, time to sleep.

Sleep tight !

--- 帖子 #1195 ---
Facts

[quote=Wulong;12671323]Well, well, I thought my system was complicated,

Hello Wulong,

I agree with you, the difference between forex and futures data is comparable to switching from a car to an aircraft cockpit. Of course, flying an airplane is more demanding, and training as a professional aviator also takes a few years. A car has only two dimensions: forward / backward and right / left, while for a aircraft a third dimension is added: up / down. This third dimension makes learning flying so difficult, while flying a helicopter is another challenge. The third dimension in the future market is the bid and ask as well as the liquidity through the limit orders available in the market. Extracting and filtering this data gives the impression that it is very complicated. To identify anomalies or patterns, you have to go deep, that's why this project was created. If you want to use the data from the futures market for trading in Forex, the way to get there is difficult at first. Starting with a forex tick chart is a good approach. The information you get from it is very valuable to work with the future data later. The whole thing is an ongoing process, the more you deal with the data, the more you understand how it correlates with each other. That takes you one step further every day.

The main goal of a trader is to replace the interpretation of data with facts. And it is the facts that ultimately increase our probability of winning.

best regards

Michael

--- 帖子 #1196 ---
Hey, Bionic Michael, today I was home, children were at school, my wife was working, so I had some time to change my system and watch how it runs. It's always very dangerous to change your system because your eyes and more importantly mind has to adapt to it. That's why I have a good habit to being very cautious in the beginning. With my previous system, my best performance was last October, then I made 46 scalping trades, won 40 and lost 6. I mostly applied 0.10 lot, some 0.20 lot and when I was very uncertain, 0.03 lot. I'm very good in closing my trades, mostly at the right moment, when I earn 3 -  5 Euro, I simply close. My entries are not as good, then I have to wait till price gets friendlier, ha ha. My principle is, fast in and fast out, I'm much used to that stuff, in my BO period I always traded 3 minute expiry.

The vast majority of traders do not like to trade from M1, much too noisy, but I had to, I simply have no time to trade from a 1 hour chart. I do have a H4 chart open, also a H1 chart, a M15, those I hide and I occasionally look at them too see the 'trend' and to know where the SR lines are. Bah, I do not like the word trend, and I'm right, in a 8 period tickchart, where is the 'trend' ha ha.

Now, I applied my M1 chart to 2 tickcharts, one is a 8 second tickchart (or 16, or 32), the other I switch between 64 and 128. My normal M5 chart is always on my screen, that's still a normal one, that one should be my 'guide'. So my normal M1 chart, where I used to trade from, has gone, my M1 system I'm using on 2 tickcharts now. I just have to adapt my indicators a bit to a smaller timeframe, but not that much as you would switch from a normal M5 to a normal M1, for instance, that must be due to the fact that a tickchart is not a normal timechart ...

I would like to trade from my tickcharts and raise my lot, so I can trade faster. Normally I always trade for real, because trading in demo is a loss of time and is NOT the same as the real thing. So when I use a new system(or when I stop trading in Spring for some months), I simply lower my lot to 0.01 and when my win-loss percentage is good, after some time I raise my lot.

Now some questions : I read somewhere in this thread that you trade from T08 in order to scalp, is that still true, or do you have another 'basic' tickchart ?

What lot are you using ? Or do you change that too when you are not that confident in your trade ?

What do you think about not using stop-loss ? I occasionally do that when price goes against me, all the times I got away with it, because I was pretty sure price would come back to me. When I'm not sure I simply close with a loss. Of course I would not recommend anyone to not using stop-loss, it's potentially very dangerous. In my case, I have always a small account, start with 100 Euro, when I get to 300, I retrieve 200 and start all over again with my small trades. And when price goes against me very much and I have the risk of losing my account my broker sends me the following message : "When Please be aware, if the margin level falls to or below 50%, any or all of your open positions will be closed automatically."  I know also some traders who do not use stop-loss, but those are very experienced.

Anyway, without stop-loss the big guys can't get your stops, ha ha, but you do not laugh anymore when your account is depleted ...

This afternoon there was downtrend on EurUsd and when I watched my T08 tickchart, I saw gaps when price made some upward moves within the downtrend. Does that mean that there is a lack of liquidity, so the upmove is fake ? I did not see that when there was a downmove ?

Where do you get those Future data, from the platform Atas, or are there other platforms or ways? I know Atas costs about 70 Euro per month, of course I would have to raise my lot, since I have not much time to trade and I only perform very short trades.

Maybe there are already some answers in this thread, but I haven't find the time to read it thoroughly yet.

Best regards from Wulong

--- 帖子 #1197 ---
Last Friday, there was a long course down on EurUsd, while I was watching my new toy, a T08 tickchart and I saw the pair was definitely in an equilibrium phase. Then price could do two things, either going further down or going up. It was at the same time at an important SR, so it choose to go up. A bit earlier, there was also an equilibrium, but then price went further down. Here a pic of an T08 tickchart and also a normal M1 chart. I looked at the same time at higher timeframes, but the higher the timeframe, the more difficult it is to spot this equilibrium. So my conclusion is, that a fast tickchart is a good tool to spot possible reversals. And I thought that everything started from M1, no way !

--- 帖子 #1198 ---
Answers to all questions

[quote=Wulong;12672727]{quote} Hey, Bionic Michael, today I was home,

Hello Wulong,

First of all, thank you for your extensive questions. In the past 2 years I have published about 1300 A4 pages of articles including pictures in this blog. I estimate the total effort for research, Excel calculation, image creation, video recordings, text writing and translation to be around 3,600 hours. You put it aptly: Maybe there are already some answers in this thread, but I still don't have time to read it thoroughly.

Within my blog you will find concrete and very detailed answers to all your questions, so I ask you to work through my posts in peace. As you wrote yourself, some posts in this blog have already helped you. The likelihood is very high, that you will find more ideas to achieve your goal.

If you have any further questions afterwards, I will of course help you.

I wish you a nice weekend

best regards

Michael

--- 帖子 #1199 ---
The right training

Hello dear subscribers,

For many years I have tried to understand the behavior of the big players in order to follow them. A year ago I started experimenting with tick charts. This eventually led me to the stock market data that I use today for trading in Forex. Germany is a modern country, but England is significantly further ahead in the Forex area and America in the Future area. It is therefore not surprising that the most experienced traders come from these countries. Unfortunately, you only notice these traders when they establish themselves as trainers. Why does a trader become a trainer or a coach? Perhaps it is the challenge of the new task and the recognition as to act as only for yourself. Another aspect is the security of a regular income. It's a way to change from daily speculation to a regular income. And people often prefer security. My attitude towards coaching in the area of trading is still critical because a beginner who pays for it does not get ahead in the area of his personal setup. Of course he gets from a coach important information, but he could also get it for free on the Internet.

I would like to elaborate on that first. In Germany there are some prop companies that advertise extreme on YouTube and earn their money primarily from new retail traders who have to pay high fees for their application. The best prop companies in the world are rather unknown. The prop houses in this category are characterized by the fact that they do not care to be known, have no marketing budgets and are completely unknown in the retail trading scene. The retail trading scene is not the real target group of these houses, but rather the professional traders from the banks.

Many traders who worked for smaller prop companies had to complete 200-300 trades per day for months without a strategy. The goal was to learn from the initial losses in the demo account in order to create your own setup. If these traders had been given a clear strategy in the beginning, the success curve could have been significantly lower. This shows that success on the stock exchange has more to do with screen time spent than with a given strategy. If a trainer gives you a possible strategy, it is questionable whether this strategy will make you successful. With the setup of Michael Schumacher's Formula 1 car, no other would have been world champion 7 times. And Schumacher created this setup for himself by training around the clock and optimizing his setup.

This means that if a trainer explains his success to you, you have to create your own setup from this information. This is the decisive factor that takes up the most time and the respective trainer cannot help you with that. So it is absolutely sufficient to get important information from the Internet or from books to create your own individual setup. Of course, you have to filter the numerous information for this, but if you learn from a trainer, you also don't know whether this is exactly the right information that will help you.

I find some statements from a former trader very interesting, Anton Kreil born in Liverpool and former dealer of Goldman Sachs, J.P. Morgan and Lehman Brothers (from 2000-2007). He has also developed into a paid trainer, but he has gained some experience as a trader with the big players. It is absolutely sufficient to watch some of his published videos to get ideas for your own setup. I can recommend a video to you, he uses it to indirectly advertise his seminars, but some of the statements made in this video are very interesting. Especially the statements of participants who give important information between the lines.

Inserted Video

It is primarily about the crucial data with which a trader makes his trading decisions. Then this data is used to identify the strategies of the big players in order to achieve a trading advantage. This information is absolutely sufficient to create a possible setup. The actual setup is the biggest challenge and you have to be willing to invest a lot of screen time.

As already mentioned, the most successful prop companies are rather unknown, which unfortunately also applies to the best traders in the world. These work for the largest banks in the world and have a confidentiality clause in their contracts. This means that you must not speak publicly about the strategies of the big players, with very few of you actually being involved in all of the strategies. You could never earn the money you earn as a trainer or coach, so you stay with these banks and at most switch to another bank. The strategies of the big players change every day because the market also changes every day. A trader who has left the big player group for more than 3 years no longer has any current information about which strategies are actually being used. However, he has a big advantage, he has worked at least once with the big players and has a little more experience with it than someone who has never had anything to do with it. The information from these people is valuable, but you should not believe all statements and trust in your own intuition.

So my advice: get some information from these successful people on YouTube or books but save your money for expensive seminars. I do not want to say that seminars do not work, but the most important seminar is your individually created trading setup and no one can help you with that. You only need a lot of screen time for this. You can use the time when there is not much going on in the market to train yourself. And that is exactly what takes you further in order to optimize your own setup. It is the time invested, a good sense and your experience that will advance your success. That's all. A trainer or coach will always disagree on this point, the reason for this is obvious.

I wish you a great weekend

best regards

Michael

--- 帖子 #1200 ---
Hey, thanks Bionics for all your generous efforts. I'm sure I will find some ideas, next week I'm home, so I will at least have some time to read through some pages. For the rest I always try so solve things my self. Mostly I'm too stubborn to ask for help, ha ha. But if I weren't stubborn, I would have given up trading already a long time ago. A trading friend of mine gave me access to some good trading books, I started reading, but because of lack of time, I tend to think it's better to trade live or making my system better. So, I still have to read those books further. I think life is too short, my son plays foot, so I go and see the matches, also training, I go to the dogschool, spend a lot of time to my plants, my wife needs attention, our 4 kids need sometimes help for school work, I like to watch TV too, and next to that all I certainly must read some Forex books, yeah, sometimes I sleep too.

Have a very nice weekend and merry Christmas !

Wulong

--- 帖子 #1201 ---
Christmas 2019

Hello dear subscribers, hello dear traders from all over the world,

Another year is coming to an end and Christmas is a good opportunity to reappraise the past year. What went well, what was not so good and what were the reasons for it? These questions should not only apply to our work, but primarily to the family, health, friends, leisure, finance and much more. It is also a good opportunity to sit down with your life partner to work through the past year.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Write down what you both liked or didn't like last year. Criticism is always a help to get better and at the same time a great opportunity for change and a better cooperation. So you can use the time around Christmas for a shared annual balance sheet and the time after Christmas to prepare the resulting changes for the new year. The writing down and regular visualization manifests the goals in the subconscious. In the annual balance sheet at the end of 2020, you can immediately see whether the good intentions of 2019 have worked. It is not crucial that you reach 100% of your resolutions, but that you achieve the important goals together.

I would like to thank all subscribers for the suggestions, questions and attention this year. What I liked most was that we treated each other fairly and respectfully in order to improve together and we can all be proud of that.

I heartily wish you a nice Christmas, contemplative days, of course health and a lot of joy with the people you love above all else.

Merry Christmas 2019

Michael

--- 帖子 #1202 ---
I wish Merry  Christmas to everyone who celebrates it and with wish comes health first then everything else that make you happy.

YYZ

--- 帖子 #1203 ---
Hi Bionics,

I have been drawing some RS lines on a M30 chart, starting from 02 december, just as an experiment. I have drawn the lines based on areas in M30 where I saw some equilibrium zones. Tomorrow I will see how price reacts to those horizontal lines. Normally I draw lines from past years on my H4 chart, but those start from the longest wicks in the past. That procedure seems to work too, I started from 2017, already in 2018 I did not have to draw that many lines, even fewer in 2019, they mostly were already there from earlier ...

I also connected my computer to my tv, so now I have an extra (enormous) screen. Will use my tv to keep an eye on this very simple, at least for me, chart.

Best regards from Wulong

--- 帖子 #1204 ---
Hmm, it seems to work, or I was lucky, haha, price did respect those lines.

--- 帖子 #1205 ---
Billions

Hello dear subscribers,

today just a series recommendation on the topic of trading

Billions is a 2016 US television series starring Damian Lewis and Paul Giamatti. The series Billions is playing about the New York financial world on Wall Street and the investigation by the United States Attorney Chuck Rhoades (Giamatti) against the successful but also unscrupulous hedge fund manager Bobby Axelrod (Lewis). The astute prosecutor is doing everything possible to convict the ambitious hedge fund manager Bobby "Axe" Axelrod of criminal activity. But Axelrod knows how to fight back - because billions are at stake.

The series is an interesting pastime for traders, whereby the topics around trading are treated only sparingly. Nevertheless, you can guess what chances you have as a retail trader in this game. As a viewer, you are often on the side of unscrupulous hedge fund manager Bobby Axelrod, who despite his billions has remained human in many phases.

The series runs on Sky and Amazone Prime.

Kind regards and have fun

Michael

--- 帖子 #1206 ---
Pattern identification

Hello dear subscribers,

At the beginning of my trading career, I dealt with many things, including different patterns that were caused by the course. At some point I came to the conclusion that there are no clear patterns that significantly increase our probability of winning. Possible patterns that we believe to recognize on a regular basis are initiated by the big players in order to get their strategies through. However, there are patterns that we as traders would never recognize as a pattern. Unfortunately, this has nothing to do with the course, otherwise there would be many billionaires.

In principle, a currency pair in the stock market can be compared to a living being. It is irrelevant whether it is an animal or a plant. First you have to create an emergence-based abstraction that approximates the real behavior of this living being. In addition, factors such as integration patterns of wind and weather, natural enemies and other things must be taken into account. This creates an abstract simulation. This simulation is also used in modern video games.

The stock exchange market is initially also about creating an abstract simulation for the respective currency pair by combining different information that represents the effect of the dependency. For me this is the number of bid and ask that come into the market within a certain level of liquidity. This simulation can only be implemented with level 2 data.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

First I started to assign different filter settings to the bid and ask.

Point A

Bid and ask are shown separately here and the number of 1 + 2 and 3 + 4 are summarized. This representation is useful for identifying rapid intervention by a large player. This intervention by the big players takes place within an equilibrium in order to keep the course in a range, for short erroneous eruptions and course corrections or for the start of a stopfishing. As a rule, very small orders are placed in order to disguise the actual procedure. Likewise, a large ask order of 100 lots that occurs on the high and is immediately sold again with a smaller bid lot can be identified with this representation. More information is available here: Mad world

Point B

The filter setting differentiates between larger orders that have been placed by the big players. On the one hand, there are the larger orders, which are visible to all market participants in the Oderbuch and which have not proven to be course-sensitive at the given period. Then there are the smaller orders which, with the help of algorithms, also result in larger order packages on the market within milliseconds. These orders are course-sensitive in the medium term, for example to prepare a stopfishing.

Point C

The bid and ask filtered here depend on the respective liquidity of the buy / sell limit orders in the market within level 2. Special patterns can already be recognized here within certain price trends, but these still need to be examined in more detail. The solution seems to be filtering the Bid and Ask depending on the respective liquidity. This could be a key that identifies certain algorithms. The challenge lies in the fact that a given ask can stand for a euro purchase or dollar sale and a bid placed for a dollar purchase or euro sale. By filtering with the liquidity prevailing on the market, we come one step closer to this breakdown. The way big players operate produces similar patterns, which the high-frequency traders also use. However, these are limited to milliseconds within an equilibrium. My approach relates to the available liquidity regardless of the time.

If a large player has acquired a large number of ask in an accumulation phase, after a possible stopfishing, he first pushes the course up. More buyers enter the market and push the price further up. As soon as the big player notices that interest in the euro is waning, he begins to step out of the euro. To do this, he must now bring a large number of bids into the market. This presupposes that there is still strong liquidity in the euro at this point. So there must still be enough buyers who drive the price up despite their bid duties. At the same time, the big player has to make sure that he does not take too much of this euro liquidity, because that would initiate a downward slide and significantly reduce his profits. The big players are even able to predict liquidity and adjust their strategies accordingly. And this situation can be calculated based on the prevailing liquidity on the market. The patterns are always similar in certain situations. In principle, it is about decoding the liquidity patterns in the market that require the big players to react in a certain way.

If we apply this information to the respective currency pair, we are able to predict their possible delta by following the simulation, because nature also follows the abstract one. However, many simulations still need to be created to develop a reliable pattern. First of all, the stock exchange data must be saved on a server and then examined with different filter settings. Accumulation with subsequent stopfishing can be easily recognized afterwards. The crucial thing is to examine what exactly happens in the area of bid, ask and the respective liquidity within this time. From this, concrete patterns can be identified that can be used for future simulations.

It is a kind of secret language in the form of different letters and numbers that do not make sense at first. In the next few months, it will not be a matter of completely deciphering this secret language. To gain a market advantage, it is enough to decipher a few characters. The interesting thing is that there are no specific patterns in the course of the price, but only patterns within the liquidity that cannot be recognized under normal circumstances. This is a very interesting challenge for the next few months. Of course I will publish the results regularly.

I wish you a great weekend

best regards

--- 帖子 #1207 ---
Hi Bionics,

Excellent observations as usual from you.

Can you please put together all your experience in sort of indicator like this.

Can Dom information be captured by way of an Mt4 or MT5 indicator like this?

A volume indicator which clears noise from the market and shows only major deals. Transactions that happen which are shown on the chart in the form of big volume spike something like the indicator will only show the big buy or sell volume and filter the noise created buy normal traders by not showing their buy sell activity at all or in the form of very small spikes .

The chart given below give a rough estimate of volume or probably deduced from whatever information that can be obtained at MT4.

However, MT5 is being used by futures brokers like AMP and Optimus futures. That will be able to get the futures real volume and not deduced one.

https://optimusfutures.com/tradeblog...latform-review

:Real Volume shows how many currency units traded.
Transactions show how many orders executed.
Tick Volume shows how often prices updated

I am attaching another indicator which may be coded for MT5 to get actual volume information.
Kumo volatility indicator is as well attached. I don't have mq4. Obviously a variation of Moving Average.

--- 帖子 #1208 ---
You will find the answers if you go through all Bionics posts.

--- 帖子 #1209 ---
Found the MT5 indicator. Basica one. Has a choice of giving tick volume or real volume. Not both.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Similar kind of indicator is being sold. The link explains how best to use their volume indicator.

FF rules don't allow posting of commercial links but those interested may  scan Google with following keywords

tick-indicator-better-volume

--- 帖子 #1210 ---
The Minion guys from Brazil have provided all free indicators on MQ5 site.

Aggression volume is the one that may interest you as well.

--- 帖子 #1211 ---
Data analysis using algorithms

Hello simnz,

First of all, thank you for your numerous ideas about the volume and the different perspectives. MT4 and MT5 are free platforms, which is why they are so common.

MQL4 / MQL5 is an object-oriented programming language that was specially developed for the Metatrader platform. Both languages support almost all standards of object-oriented programming, with the exception of multiple inheritance: data encapsulation and type extension, inheritance, polymorphism, overloading and virtual methods. The disadvantage of MQL is the inability to build independent applications. Graphics programming is very memory-intensive and slows down Metatrader enormously.

For this reason, neither the MT4 nor the MT5 is an alternative to display the futures data in such a way that market advantages can be generated from them. For Forex data, the Metatrader is absolutely fine.

In order to optimally read the futures data, I would use high-quality software with which the data can be individually configured and programmed. The providers of high-quality stock exchange software usually have fast servers that have already saved important programming functions. As soon as you start the software, it accesses these servers and the self-configured data is downloaded and then processed with the current stock exchange data. This saves time and resources.

Inserted Video

In the video you can see the bid and ask that have been filtered in different liquidity levels. Such programming is possible to a limited extent in the MT5, but would make demands on its own cost-intensive server in order not to reach storage limits. In addition, the programming effort is enormous.

Inserted Video

Similar challenges arise in the graphic representation. Complicated algorithms are already used here, which can be individually modified to assign smaller lots to a single big player. The identification of spoofing in the DOM is also calculated and evaluated by already integrated algorithms. This is impossible to program in the MT5.

A crucial step for me is collecting and combining information. This creates new forms of ideas that are crucial for me as a dealer. The last step is to create indicators that do not yet exist and to collect information from them that give me additional arguments for my decision.

Therefore I recommend using professional software for future data. On the internet you can find different providers for stocks, raw materials or currencies. The decisive factor here is the individual requirement that a trader places on software. Therefore, every trader should first get extensive information and test different software extensively.

Lovely wishes

Michael

--- 帖子 #1212 ---
Happy new year 2020!

Hello dear subscribers,

In a few hours the old year will be history and we will devote our full attention to the new year 2020. But we should remember which measures made us successful in 2019 and which obstacles slowed us down. It is not just a cliché: it is easier to look back on past successes in personal projects. These influence our self-image, which leads to less doubts. This makes future success easier to achieve. However, past success is no guarantee of future success, especially in our profession.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Many years ago I defined my basic strategy for trading: supply and demand within the equilibrium. This strategy is set, but what changes regularly is my setup, with which I implement this strategy. This means that my screen views change weekly, but my approach does not. It is basically about optimizing my market view in order to be able to make more efficient and faster decisions.

This optimization can be compared to an optician's eye test. For this purpose, a phoropter (optical device) is used, through which one looks through to determine the individual vision in the distance. At the end, the lenses are changed to determine the optimal glasses thickness. First there is a rough setting, which is then fine-tuned. It can happen that our view is blurred again due to an incorrect setting. The solution, you go back to the starting point where you last saw sharply.

This is exactly the strategy I use to optimize my setups. I usually use the weekend to set up my new setup for the coming week. After that I work with this setup and make minor changes within the week. Whenever the view is unclear, I go back to my last clear setup and start over. Sometimes my view of the markets was so unclear that I rejected the current setup. Then I always go back to the last setup that worked and start over. I slowly feel my way forward to regularly sharpen my view of the markets.

Complete views are not always deleted, but successful views are optimized and views that do not help me are replaced by new ones. This procedure creates creative ideas that can be combined with each other. Since the markets change every day, you can safeguard yourself with this approach and at the same time react faster to changes. This also gives you a more comprehensive view of the markets. The goal is to build on the strengths while reducing the weaknesses.

If the old year was successful, then look forward to the new one. And if it was bad, you can be doubly happy, because it can only get better.

On January 1st, 2020 we start to write a new book. The book has 366 pages and we determine what should be included. I sincerely hope that your book 2020 will be a bestseller.

Happy New Year 2020

best regards

Michael

--- 帖子 #1213 ---
Have a grand New Year yourself, Michael. Your thread here has been a breath of fresh air. Such depth of knowledge giving those who are interested a chance to take a look behind the curtain.

May the coming year bring you continued success.

--- 帖子 #1214 ---
2020 targets

Hello Lemercenaire,

5 months ago, at the beginning of August, you wrote me the following words:

I have to say that this is one of the most original and in depth threads on FF. The sheer amount of information available here for free is staggering. The fact that traders are then able to pick and choose the aspects that are of use to them directly is purely a bonus! I have no idea if you will be able to sustain this level of knowledge transfer without burning out but for now, well done and long may it last.

For this reason, I am happy if this blog is able to pass on important information. Thank you for your high quality compliment. However, I would like to pass on your compliments to all subscribers, because they all ensure our progress with their questions, views and ideas. One can achieve a lot alone, together you can achieve everything.

I will endeavor to achieve further interesting contributions  in 2020, for which I already have a lot of creative ideas. The fact that this blog is a source of ideas for individual setups supports the common goal of all of us. Here no one is forced to stick to certain strategies in order to be profitable, but everyone can decide in which direction to orientate himself. This is a bit more time-consuming for each individual subscriber, but in the end he created his own setup and is independent. This is a crucial goal for a successful trader.

I wish you a successful 2020 and would be happy if this blog can a little contribute to that.

Best regards Michael

--- 帖子 #1215 ---
Happy new year Michael! <3 ;D

--- 帖子 #1216 ---
Happy New Year

Hello aPhong,

First of all, thank you for your New Year's wishes and I sincerely wish that in 2020 you will achieve all the goals you have set for yourself. Tomorrow this blog will be exactly 2 years old and I will publish an important summary of these 24 months tomorrow at noon. I believe that this information will help you and I wish you a nice weekend.

best regards

--- 帖子 #1217 ---
Identification of bid and ask

Hello YYZ,

Thank you for your question, I would like to deepen my statement a little. The screen views that I change primarily refer to the following representations.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

This is the time & sales list, the DOM, various displays of spread tape, bid and ask filtering in combination of the different liquidity as well as the bid and ask representation on the chart. Basically, I only change views that don't give me a deeper insight into the market.

The strategies of the big players are in recurring patterns, which, however, cannot be depicted in a course. Price trends appear to be random, the use of bid and ask always runs similarly in certain phases. A stopfishing can be identified with a bid and ask filtering in combination of the different liquidity and graphically represented in the chart. The decisive factor is the correct setting of the different filters. It is also possible to see whether the euro is currently being bought or sold. If you analyze a chart, it becomes clear what is happening there. In an accumulation phase, a big player buys massive ask within an equilibrium. Then the stops of the buyers are started in a Stophunting and then the price is pushed up. A chart is therefore perfect for creating an analysis of a past price trend. This is only of little use to a trader, since he needs to know what is happening in the current course of the price. The invested bid and ask clearly show us what will happen in the future. And this is exactly why these individual bid and ask have to be translated exactly and assigned to different market participants. I will go into this in more detail in the next few months.

best regards

Michael

--- 帖子 #1218 ---
Hello dear subscriber,

I wish you a great weekend

best regards

--- 帖子 #1219 ---
Equilibrium 2 year anniversary

Hello dear subscribers,

On Jan 4, 2018 I published my first post on Forex Factory. A lot has happened in the past 2 years. I uploaded 790 posts with 350,000 words that would fill 1264 different A4 pages, 1379 pictures that I created and 120 files (indicators, Excel and PDF files). Over 130 subscribers have joined this blog and I would like to thank these great people for their cooperation and loyalty.

Actually, this blog is only 1.5 years old because I did my master's degree in Java for 6 months (2000 hours) in order to better understand indicators. In total, I wrote 4 books at Forex Factory during this time, it took a lot of time, but it was worth it. As I have written before, this blog was created solely to write my own trader diary. It is incredibly exciting and interesting to go back and see what I thought 2 years ago. My basic attitude towards equilibrium has not changed to this day, but I have made significant progress in my personal development.

I would like to summarize this development of the past two years and emphasize the most important points.

I started gaining my first experience in the Forex market over ten years ago. Indicators determined my daily routine and in the first few years, I concentrated solely on using and trying out different indicators for my trading. None of the more than 1000 indicators could make my view of the markets easier. Finally, I found that the price chart (candles) is the fastest indicator. So I concentrated primarily on the price chart and started to deal with supply and demand. It struck me that the big players within an equilibrium were relatively tame and I started to trade within these zones. Since I could only reach an average of ten pip within one equilibrium, I finally decided to become a scalper. With this I managed to trade profitably for the first time and started to optimize my stop and money management. Every now and then I caught a breakout and was sometimes able to take longer-term trends with me. I was able to reduce my stops to 0.5 pip.

With the Trader diary at Forex Factory, I first tried to explain to myself why I was able to trade profitably. I had the idea for a new candle display a few years earlier, which I was able to realize with the help of Georg (Bionic candle). This gave rise to the idea of graphically displaying supply and demand zones on the chart. This gave rise to some projects that I was able to implement with the help of my Java knowledge in the form of indicators. Through Forex Factory, I learned to focus more on the currency strength, which has helped me in many areas. This information and projects have helped to increase my efficiency, but as a trader you are never satisfied. Concentrating on the tickchart, I began to deal with the volume, dealt more intensively with the big players and went to Switzerland to speak to a high-frequency trader. I looked closely at how these high-frequency traders work and knew that this was only possible with specific stock market data and professional software. I first got stock market data and compared the Forex market with the Future market. The price development was tick exact and now I was looking for a professional software with which I was able to translate the stock exchange data according to my specifications. At the same time, I dealt with the strategies and working methods of the big players in order to better understand them.

My previous findings:

The forex market develops in parallel to the future market, the price difference arises from the swaps.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The forex market is approximately 100 times larger than the future market, we can assume that the dome in the forex market is approximately 100 times the dome in the future market. Liquidity is significantly higher in the Forex market, so I only trade in the Forex market with the proviso that I only refer to the future data.

The reason why 95% of all traders lose is due to the fact that the big players and brokers manipulate the prices and a retail trader is unable to grasp the complexity of the market due to his emotions. The intent to dominate the market with the help of an indicator or EA is a hope that dies faster than a mayfly. The big players who dominate the market have only one goal: to make money. That is why you are ruthless and brutal in this market. My resistance zones, which I have drawn within the equilibrium, have worked, but were initiated by the big players in order to implement their strategies. Since I only acted as a scalper in the Equilibrium, I have rarely been stopped or fallen into their traps. That had more to do with luck than experience.

I am now more of the opinion that there are no trends, resistance zones or predictable price trends. There is supply and demand, but this is primarily determined by the big players. Of course, the big players are trying to catch the traders' stops, since there is the greatest liquidity to buy bid or ask. However, this information is withheld from forex traders, as the forex market does not provide this information. This market is always about information benefits. The quickest to recognize what the big players are planning is also the quickest to follow them. Due to the high investments in the Forex market, you don't even attract attention. Many traders develop a setup and as soon as they trade profitably with it, this setup remains the same. The problem with this is that the market is evolving so quickly these days that this setup loses profitability one day.

As traders continue to develop in this market, the big players must also oppose this development. The big players are able to accept greater losses just to mislead the masses. New strategies are constantly being developed to confuse dump money. This development will worsen drastically in the next few years. Even if it were possible to visualize the stops of the individual traders on a chart or to ask the question which highs or lows will be taken out next by the big players, this will not help us in the long term.

Of course, we already have a clear market lead with this information, but the crucial information that we need is far more diverse and demanding. If we work with the bid and ask indicator in the future market, we will find that a lot of different orders are placed in the course of a day. An ask can stand for a euro buy or a dollar sale and a bid can stand for a dollar buy or euro sale.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

My approach goes in exactly this direction. I would like to know what is happening in the market right now. Is the euro / dollar being bought or sold and if so, in what number. Is it a purchase that can be seen officially in the order book or a secret purchase that is to be disguised? Are traders triggering stops or is a big player pushing the price down? I can read out all this information directly with my software and even display it in the chart. Incidentally, this is not as complicated as it looks at first glance.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

First, I would like to show you an example. On the left side we see the EURUSD in the Forex market from 03.01.2020 between 13: 30-18: 00 CET. After the course has reached high around 18:00 CET, the procedure of the big players is understandable. However, it is too late to benefit from it.

On the right side we see the Euro FX in the same period, with an individual filtering to differentiate between bid and ask.

Point A

We see that a participant, with small batches of lot gets out of the euro, at the same time larger lot bids are bought. This gives indications of a falling course.

Point B

The euro is heavily bought on the high point, with most lots being bought in small numbers.

Point C

The price is first pushed down to stop the market participants who also bought the euro from Point B. It can be clearly seen that few participants were stopped at this stop run.

Point D

After the attempted stop run, the course runs again to the high of Point B. There, a considerable amount of Ask is secretly bought again in small numbers. We have to keep in mind that the euro was bought in massive quantities at almost the same price level. This gives an indication of a possible course upward.

Point E

We see a big player exit the euro and at the same time another make a larger euro purchase.

Point F

The price is pushed massively upwards and a larger bid order is placed on the high point.

Point G

In the course of the breakout up to Point F, many retail traders have entered the euro. These traders are now gradually being stopped. At Point G you can see how the individual stops are triggered.

Point H

The course initially continues to go up and at Point H there are larger buys of euro purchases. It can also be seen that some larger players are getting out of the euro and are already starting to buy the dollar.

Point I

The price is initially pushed up again and some big players exit the euro. At Point I you can see a small stop run, then the course runs down 30 pip.

I noticed that the big players, who secretly buy larger quantities of bid or ask with the help of algorithms, determine the medium-term price in most cases. Of course, big players also make bad investments, but these usually take the form of larger lots that everyone can see in the order book. The trick is to see the course in the submission of bid and ask in the right context. This can be used to derive significant market advantages.

Since the forex market behaves parallel to the future market, you can assume that the information I get from the future market is absolutely correct. The key is to filter the information so that it can be logically understood in order to predict future movements. The only problem scalpers have is the fact that the big players are not scalpers, but rather oriented towards the medium to long term. This requires a rethink in money management, risk management and stops. Based on my information, however, it is also possible for scalpers to act more efficiently. If you can clearly see what is currently happening in the market, you are able to use this situation to your own advantage.

And that's exactly what 2020 will be about. We only trade in the Forex market, because it has the highest liquidity. However, we may not base our trading decision on the forex data, but only on the future data. Using complex filtering, we are able to tell whether the euro is being bought or sold, and whether the dollar is being bought or sold. With this information, we can also make a decision more easily in which direction a possible course will develop.

In the past few months, I have found that I was able to detect the manipulation of the big players much faster, so that I could place my capital in the right direction. Restricting yourself to the pure course of the Forex market is, in my opinion, suicide. We are therefore unable to determine whether a large number of ask is being bought on a high or whether only the trader's stops are triggered. And this information is crucial for a further course up or down. I don't want to say that I have already found the optimal filter setting to exactly determine the euro / dollar buy or sell, but I started with it. Of course, I will share my findings with you and keep you up to date. However, you have to coordinate your setup with yourself in order to achieve a trading advantage. I am convinced that 2020 will be a particularly exciting trading year that we can all look forward to and I believe that we will take a big step forward in this blog.

Thank you for your support and a successful 2020.

Lovely wishes

Michael

--- 帖子 #1220 ---
Randomness of a course

Hello YYZ,

You asked a very important question, the correct answer is: The course consists of both manipulated and random movements. The liquidity in the market is provided by the buy and sell limit orders. However, the price moves solely by placing the market order. Once a limit order has been absorbed, the price goes up or down a tick. It depends on which market order it is (bid or ask). If several ask market orders fail to absorb the sell limit order in the market, there could be a big player behind it, absorbing all market orders and then pushing the price down. We know that smart money essentially moves the course. As long as a big player is in the market, he will have a corresponding influence on the course of the price by controlling him and only intervening in certain situations. But there are trading hours where there are few or no big players. During these times the course runs uncontrolled and is therefore rather random. The price cannot be 100% controlled, because sometimes big players act against each other. In the main trading hours, we can assume that the big players are driving prices in their direction, but due to the different market orders and liquidity, there is always a coincidence that cannot be controlled. I appreciate that the course is therefore more controlled than it random. This is advantageous in any case, because if a course is less random, it can be calculated in certain circumstances. To do this, however, we need to know exactly which orders the big players have in the market to follow them. And that's exactly what this blog will be about in the next few months.

I wish you a nice weekend

best regards

--- 帖子 #1221 ---
Thanks Michael for great insight... I will closely follow you forever! kk

///

I always doubt that BigPlayers algos/ hidden techniques allow them to hide their orders/activities in the OrderBook/DOM that still remains secrets for small money? ... and the way they interact wih the market is significantly different with the way small money does everyday ... so as small fishes we cant understand them by just analyzing the well-known way of executing oders like normal Market Orders or normal Limit Orders? ... but their acitivities still leave high impacts that re not fully explained.

How is your opinion?  ... of course above is just my view & im totally new to this subject kk

Good Day all!

--- 帖子 #1222 ---
Iceberg orders

[quote=aPhong;12690241]{quote} Thanks Michael for great insight... I will closely follow you forever!

Hello aPhong,

I am very happy if this blog brings you insights to get ahead. As you wrote correctly, no trader is able to interpret the activities in the market 100% correctly. In order for there to be a movement in the market, there must always be a buyer and seller. First of all, the sell and buy limit orders are in the market and thus provide liquidity. The market orders move the market in that the ask market oders hit the sell limit orders and the bid market oders hit the buy limit orders. The lower the liquidity and the larger the market orders, the sooner the price moves in the corresponding direction. The challenge lies in decrypting Bid and Ask as I described in my last post.

Equilibrium 2 year anniversary

Since the big players move very large sums in the market, you have to collect their ask and bid in the accumulation and distribution phases. So-called iceberg orders are used for this. An iceberg order is a limited buy or sell order where the actual volume is not clearly visible in the open order book. The iceberg or is used to reduce the risk of a strong price movement while concealing your own strategy. Of course, iceberg orders can be identified with every time and sales list, the problem is that a lot of smaller iceberg orders come onto the market every day and cannot be clearly assigned to a possible strategy. There are several possible solutions,  a pictorial representation of the iceberg order on the chart or the identification of bid and ask in combination with liquidity. With the right filter setting, you are able to identify a possible course of action for the big players. It is precisely this topic that we will deal with in more detail in 2020, which can significantly improve our profit ratios. I will publish many examples about it in the coming months.

best regards

--- 帖子 #1223 ---
Hi,Bionics.I like your system.

How to confirm trend when equilibrium? Up or Down ?I dont understand how to use your Bionic Dashboard?
please Help.Thank you.

--- 帖子 #1224 ---
The unvarnished truth

Dear flashlj2008,

First of all a warm welcome, I am very happy that our blog will help you.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

My current dashboard has the task of providing me with important information from the forex market that I do not get in the future market. Primarily, it's about currency strength, current ATR, the spread, and upcoming meetings that can affect volatility. This dashboard has to be compared to a speedometer or tachometer in the car, it shows me how the engine is running and how high the speed is, but not where I am driving. For this I need a navigation device and I only get this data from the Future Market. In principle, this dashboard is a confirmation of my assumptions, which I derive from the future data, but I would never make a trading decision from the dashboard. If you work through this blog from the beginning, you will find many ideas and clues that will save you a lot of time. And time is the most precious commodity in this business.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

As we know, the big players are the secret trendsetters in the market, they basically drive the price in the direction where it has the most liquidity. These are the zones, where most of the trader's stops are. In these zones, the big players are able to eliminate followers and at the same time find enough liquidity to absorb bid and ask. The whole game is designed to do exactly the opposite of what most traders expect. This is the only way the big players can ensure they win $ 400 million a day. See my late December report:

The new generation of traders

If you only work with Forex data, I recommend that you do not use a normal candle display and time display. The most successful traders in the world do not work with green and red candles in the chart, with no time representation as we retail traders know it and also not with footprint charts or the volume profile, but with data that show them the liquidity in the market. In the futures market, this is exclusively the DOM and the time and sales list.

A trend in equilibrium can be determined primarily from the range that takes place within an accumulation or distribution phase. However, the time and sales list is a crucial tool for this. With a pure look at a Forexchart this is very difficult and can only be mastered with a long experience of at least 6 years or 14,000 screen hours. If you want to shorten the time to success you have to deal with the trading instruments of the professionals: the cathedral and the times and sales list. Check out the big player screens on the internet, you will very rarely see a chart like most forex traders use and you won't see a single indicator.

In the Forex market, you can trade profitably with the pure price chart in the long term, but this usually takes 5-6 years and most of us do not have the time to hold out as long. Most full-time traders give up after 3-4 years, even though they are about to make their big breakthrough. So there are only two ways to succeed. You have enough capital for the next 6 years to survive in the Forex market or you start to act like the professionals. I took the first and more difficult route, but the second route is much more efficient.

I will post a detailed report in the next few days, I think it will help you. I keep my fingers crossed for you and wish you continued success.

best regards

Michael

--- 帖子 #1225 ---
The unvarnished truth

Hello dear subscribers,

today's headline does not bode well at first glance, because when it comes to the truth, things are often brought up on the table that one would prefer not to hear. Nevertheless, the truth is important in order to avoid decisive mistakes in the future. In the last 11 years I have spent 40,000 hours in front of the screen and made a lot of mistakes in the beginning. Of the total brokerage fees of the past 11 years, I could have bought a single-family home. The first 5 years were the hardest and if I hadn't had the reserves and a woman standing behind me, I would no longer be a trader. In addition, I was lucky that my initial losses were relatively small, but that was because I was almost exclusively an equilibrium trader. On the subject of experience I found a nice picture in Forex Factory.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I had a typical beginner start, with trading books, trading magazines, information from the Internet, countless indicators, market information and news. From the start, I didn't use signaling devices, trainer EA's or binary options. I immediately plunged into the Forex market and specialized in EURUSD over time. At that time, the EURUSD was still at 1.60. Before I started Forex, I used to earn above average as a self-employed person, so I was not greedy or scared when I started trading. I knew that it could take 10 years for it to pay off and I tried to reach this goal faster. Would I go the same way again if I had to start over? Definitely, but I would take some shortcuts and that's exactly what I want to talk about today.

The first 5 years were so difficult because I concentrated exclusively on the green and red candles and different indicators in the time chart. Finally, I deleted most of the indicators on my chart and only one indicator remained, the price chart.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

What we see here is the market, but not as institutional traders see it. In market technology, technical analysis and chart technology, clear strategies for profitable trading that are widely used are often recommended. A fixed set of rules within a strategy is completely pointless since the markets are constantly changing. The understanding of the market is based on the historical course of the courses and the price. And that is exactly the mistake we all made in the beginning. This presentation of the market is incomplete because there is missing the liquidity and volume. And these two points are the only reason why the course is moving. And precisely these crucial points are ignored by most traders. For this reason, over 90% of all retail traders lose their money in the long term. Let us first ask ourselves three important questions!

Who are the most successful traders in the world?
12 banks that control 85% of the interbank market.

Where do the world's most successful traders trade?
In the Forex market, which turns over $ 6 trillion a day, $ 1.8 trillion just the EURUSD.

How do these most successful traders in the world trade?
With liquidity and volume regardless of charts or a fixed time unit.

Conclusion:

To be successful, we should do exactly what the world's most successful traders do. We should trade in the forex market and base our decisions on liquidity and volume. That's all. But this inevitably means that we should say goodbye to our old trading habits and have to rethink. It was exactly this step that I started a year ago when I was working on the first tick charts. These tick charts finally gave me an understanding of the volume and so I was able to expand and apply my new knowledge very quickly.

Whether we trade in the future or forex market, in both cases this is done through a broker. While the futurebroker forwards the order directly to the stock exchange, this is not always the case with a market maker. The rumor is that market makers manipulate prices and trade against your customers. This may be true in some areas, but a market maker must also take a counter position in order to hedge against risks. To make sure that the order is invested in the market by the broker, you have to contact an ECN or DMA broker. However, costs such as fees and spread play a major role here. The crucial point is that your broker must protect you from a negative account balance, especially if you are a professional trader. As a futuretrader, you do not have this advantage because you have to clear all negative accounts immediately. In the event of a strong outbreak, it can cost your entire fortune. Liquidity in the forex market is 100 times greater than in the futures market, so execution in forex is significantly better.

In the Forex market you can work with the well-known MT4, although I prefer the MT5 for trading because it has significantly faster execution times. I recommend finding a forex broker that offers both versions. You should work with a mini terminal that immediately sets a stop or TP when you place your order. In order to avoid losses due to gaps or unforeseen price developments, one should rely on limit orders. You should use the MT4 for currency strength, spread, ATR and information about meetings that could increase volatility. In addition, I recommend displaying the price range in the form of a ZigZag in order to identify the liquidity that is achieved through the stops of the traders.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The key data on liquidity and volume can be obtained from the future market. The Price Leader Depth Of Market (DOM), which shows the number of limit orders at each price level, shows the announced intentions of the traders to trade at certain prices. Of course, this information changes from milliseconds to milliseconds when orders are stacked and dragged on both sides of the market to make changes in trading. First you have to understand the basics of the DOM. Here is an example.

Inserted Video

This video covers the absolute basics of order flow. It explains what is shown on the DOM (a.k.a. depth of market, ladder, order book, depth and sales).

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Then it is about the basics of the time and sales list and the spread tape in combination with the DOM. It is important to understand how market orders meet liquidity, identify absorption, see iceberg orders in the right context and assign the different orders (bid and ask) to the relevant key factors. In the EURUSD you should know whether an ask is buying the euro or selling the dollar and whether a bid is buying the dollar or selling the euro. While this is a major challenge that cannot always be conclusive, in the end we get very important information about it.

As an institutional trader who places an order for more than 10,000 contracts on the market on behalf of a commercial customer, you cannot simply buy 10,000 contracts on the market. Your intent will be visible and it is unlikely that there will be enough liquidity to allow you to buy this size at the desired price, so the order will need to be worked into the market. Algorithms ensure that the target quantity is reached with several smaller orders. In addition, larger sell orders are placed in the market at the same time, which give the impression that the market wants to go down.

Some traders think they will have the ability to drive sales and sell at lower prices than the sales order backlog. In fact, they sell to the dealer who wants to buy. As the market moves up and down, as long as they sell less volume than they bought, they slowly build their long position and may improve their average purchase price by selling small quantities at higher prices while selling larger quantities at lower ones Refill prices. As soon as they have reached their goal, a stopfishing could eliminate potential followers and the price is pushed up. The volume delta and open interest are helpful for this.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

We know that the market orders move the price by eating up the limit orders or being absorbed by you. A market order can only be recognized as soon as it can be seen in the market. Of course you could then assign them to the key factors, but that's already the past. The limit orders, on the other hand, represent the future, because it shows the willingness of traders to trade at a certain price level and at the same time to make liquidity available to the market. Of course, limit orders are permanently added or subtracted to the market (spoofing), but with the right software this can be recognized immediately. In my opinion, liquidity is a much more decisive factor than volume, partly because it shows the future better and partly because the big players are only on the hunt for this liquidity in order to be able to complete their projects faster and more efficiently.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The reason why prices are zigzagging is because the big players are trading from liquidity to liquidity. The stops of the different dealers play a very important role here. Since I was often stopped out as a beginner, I always thought that the big players were targeting my stops. The truth, however, was that I placed my stops where most retail traders had their stops. As soon as the stops are triggered, enough liquidity is available to buy the Bid and Ask unnoticed. Another advantage in Stophunting is that potential fellow travelers are eliminated beforehand. Because a market participant who is already invested in the market no longer helps a big player to drive the price up or down, but he could be a major disruptive factor in the future as soon as he gets out of his position. At this moment, the course of the Big Player's course is slowed down. Of course not with a single trader, but many traders together also result in large positions.

The EURUSD in the Forex market has the largest liquidity of all markets with a daily sales volume of over $ 1.8 trillion. A currency is liquid if you can buy and sell large quantities of it at any time without the market price of the currency changing significantly. A large amount of liquidity usually hides many buyers, sellers and numerous market makers who continuously report buying and selling prices. This is one of the reasons why the EURUSD has not suddenly moved up or down 2000 pip in secondsuncontrollably in the past 50 years. This is why it is crucial for me to trade in a currency that contains a high level of liquidity. Of course I am not able to move the market as a small retail trader, but that was never my intention.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The footprint charts have just received a lot of attention in recent years and for a Forex trader who is facing this for the first time, this representation seems to be the holy grail. However, I cannot recommend paying too much attention to these footprint charts, because any absorption that we see there is immediately eliminated by switching to a different time unit. Profitable trading is therefore only possible to a limited extent. Even a volume profile only gives us half the truth, since the volume represents the overall result of bid and ask. Absorption in the form of iceberg orders cannot be identified with this. Of course, it is helpful to identify possible resistance zones, but only with the help of the possible liquidity zones will I be able to determine whether these resistance zones can be broken.

We have to think the work of big players as a swimming pool that is 1 mile long. A big player cannot completely dive this mile because he would run out of air in between. At the bottom of the swimming pool, there are small and large oxygen bottles on the right and left, which the Big Player try to reach, to receive this valuable oxygen. So he zigzags the 1 mile by always reaching for the zones where he may get the most oxygen. And this oxygen is comparable to liquidity. So we should always ask ourselves where the greatest liquidity is at the moment in the market, then that will be exactly the zones that the big player is heading for next. It should be clear that the candles do not help us here, but possibly the turning points in the chart, since the individual stops of the traders can be found there.

The dramatic thing about this market is that the big players are always one step ahead of us retail traders. Since 2016, the big players have started to make partial volumes from the forex market available to other institutional traders through CLS for high fees. This gives institutional small traders a clear advantage over retail traders.

Real volume in forex

In recent years there have been more and more brokers that provide larger traders with algorithms to strategically place different orders on the market, e.g. Icebergorder, Basket, Bracket, Fill or Kill, TWAP and many more. A broker offers up to 100 different algorithms that you can integrate into your own software. That means the smaller institutional traders are starting to upgrade. Of course, the big players have to reorient themselves and program higher-quality algorithms in order to continue to realize their profits.

The loser in this upgrade competition is clearly the small retail trader, as he cannot keep up with this technology. This suggests that the market will be even more difficult to trade in the coming years. For this reason, it is all the more important to say goodbye to the information provided in the past on indicators, strategies, market technology, technical analysis and chart technology. If you do not make this jump now to devote yourself to the information that enables profitable trading, you can no longer be successful in this market in the long term. The current development on the markets will bring about a significant change and at the same time a reduction in the number of traders. The traders survive who adapt to market conditions. Brokers, if you notice that more and more customers are missing, may also develop new strategies to make their customers profitable again. That could mean reducing spread or using algorithms, but I wouldn't bet and wait for that.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

However, this requires a complete rethink and a lot of time to create a completely new setup. The time is therefore favorable to prepare optimally now so that you can continue to act profitably in the future. When we think of the dinosaurs it becomes clear that only those who have adapted to the new circumstances have survived in the past. I don't think we have much time left until the algorithms catch up. It is for this very reason that in 2020 we will deal with the crucial points of rethinking in this blog. Every entrepreneur, regardless of whether he is a lawyer or a doctor, has to undergo regular further training after his studies and may also have to completely rethink. This is the only way to guarantee his right to exist. If you want to be successful, you have to remain an eternal student, there is also a nice quote that has often helped me.

Success is like rowing against the tide, as soon as you stop, you drift back.

Change brings uncertainty because you have to leave your safe terrain. Perhaps there will be some fear at first, but those who recognize and take advantage of the opportunities will be and will remain successful in the long term.

I wish you the strength to do the right things and good luck in the future

Lovely wishes

Michael

--- 帖子 #1226 ---
Michael,

Your last post (1227) is a complete trading course in and of itself! The information you have shared throughout this thread is priceless.

Once again I agree with you that liquidity and volume are key to trading success. Thanks for sharing.

--- 帖子 #1227 ---
Setups with algorithms

Hello YYZ,

First of all, thank you for your opinion, which I absolutely respect. Every trader has to create his own setup over the years with which he is able to trade profitably. The examples from my last post are only a different representation of the volume and liquidity that were generated from current stock market data. The big players and high-frequency retailers work with similar representations, but are even more professional and complicated in their approach.

It is completely understandable that this view appears confusing at first glance, the same phenomenon occurs when you switch from an car cockpit to an aircraft cockpit. In a car there are only two dimensions forward, backward, right and left, while in a aircraft there is a third dimension: up and down. In the Forex market you can only trade with the price and the time, in the future market there is also the liquidity and the volume. Therefore, the presentation initially appears to be very complex. Driving a car is not as demanding as moving an airplane, so it takes 10 times as long to get a flight license. In the end, the aircraft moves 10 times faster in the air than a normal vehicle. The question is whether you want to stay on the ground by car or take off on an airplane to reach far-away destinations much faster. Neither of the two modes of transport is better or worse, it is only just different. Since the future data is much more complex, it also takes much longer to deal with it.

You are absolutely right in saying that the buy market order meets the sell limit order to buy in the offer and the sell market order meets the buy limit order to sell in demand. And the process you mentioned is the decisive reason why the markets are moving. Unfortunately, there is a crucial disadvantage: You cannot see this representation in the Forex market. If you trade the price and the time in the Forex market, you have to make assumptions about why the price is moving, in the stock market you can see the real reason for this with facts. Incidentally, that is the only reason why the world's most successful traders, who turn over $ 5 trillion a day, only trade in liquidity and volume.

The truth is only what we see ourselves.

I wish you a nice weekend and good luck next week

best regards

--- 帖子 #1228 ---
Liquidity and volume

Hello corinthia,

First of all, I am very happy that this blog provides you with important information that will help you in your daily business. In my last post I tried to describe important key factors that I think are crucial to be profitable in the long term.

The unvarnished truth

The key to success is always a custom setup. This setup is tailored to every trader, like a second skin and cannot be replicated by other traders. This is the most difficult job, which can sometimes take many years. Everyone is different and recognizes different things within numbers or forms that cannot be explained. I have found that I can immediately record and implement the very rapidly falling price advertisements in the Times and Sales list or in the DOM, which is why I work with them. Many traders cannot do anything with it, so the DOM will not be part of their setup. Your compliment confirms to me that this blog is a buffet where every trader can take out the things that are essential for him and do without the things that do not help him. Some people who help themselves to a free buffet get upset about certain dishes that they have not even tried. I think your attitude to it is very good, you are happy about the offer and implement it, which is why it will also bring you further. I am aware that at first glance my approach seems unconventional, what is decisive is which data allow which interpretations, which lead to a satisfactory result in the end result. This will continue to be the claim of this blog in order to bring all subscribers an advantage in the trade.

I sincerely wish you continued success

best regards

Michael

--- 帖子 #1229 ---
Hello Bionics

Thank you for time and respond.

With lack of knowledge , time and money I have to stick to assumptions...To certain degree trading based on assumptions is based on another assumption that trading is not random....manipulated but not random.

for those willing and able to take path using volume and liquidity your thread is good start point to everyone since you are willing to invest your time to explain and help others...

--- 帖子 #1230 ---
Strategy for a successful trader

Hello YYZ,

Thank you for your contribution, I find your question very important and interesting. First of all, we should separate a lack of knowledge, time and money, because these points should be considered independently. It is perfectly clear that a beginner has little time and knowledge because he earns his income from his main job. Let us leave the trading area for a moment and imagine that a person is dissatisfied with his job and wants to do a completely different job. What is the best way to do it? First he has to start a new apprenticeship, which means that he will earn significantly less money over the next 3 years to learn this profession. He has to finance this financial disadvantage through savings or through additional part-time jobs. He could also prepare for the new profession in an evening course, which costs time and money at the same time to expand his knowledge. No matter which way the person chooses, it costs time or money. The advantage is that after 3 years he earns a fixed income again in a job that he has chosen for himself.

Trading is a self-employed activity that basically does not guarantee income, but may result in massive losses. This is a crucial difference that should be noted. Most of the changes in our lives take time or money. The question is how important the change is to you and what you are willing to invest in it.

First of all, it is important to ask yourself why you want to become a trader. If the answer is: independence and earning a lot of money, I would recommend stop with trading. I didn't start out in this market to make a lot of money, but it was a great challenge,  to compete against the best players in the world. Only after 5 years was it definitely clear that I could also earn above average. However, at that time I had already spent 12-14 hours a day in front of the screen for 5 years.

The next question to ask yourself: What kind of trader do you want to be?

1. You try to manage your investments yourself to get a better return or build up capital.

2. One tries to earn a small additional income part-time.

3. You want to earn your living income as a trader full-time immediately or long-term.

In the first and second case, the stress factor is significantly lower because the cost of living is secured. I cannot recommend an immediate start without experience. Regardless of whether you enter the training business full-time or part-time, you always have to be willing to invest. I have a very important principle: If you use money to trade, you have to be prepared to completely do without it. If you're not ready to do that, you shouldn't take that risk.

What rate of return should you initially calculate with? 2%, 5%, 10% or even 20% per month? Hearing the truth is sobering. Most hedge fund managers would give their left legs if they had a return of over 2% per month. However, the best may not reach 4% per month non-stop. If you calculate € 2,000 in start-up capital with a 2% monthly return, that's not even enough to cover the internet fees. Of course there are examples of traders who have made millions within a few months, but there are also examples of lottery players who have won 100 million. All of this is pure luck and has nothing to do with professional trading. Trading a small account to a big account is a dream, that will remain unfulfilled for many.

First of all, it makes sense to start as a beginner on the side to gain the first experience. In addition to the actual trading, I would calculate additional time to continue my  trading education. At the beginning of my training career, I had difficulty distinguishing a limit buy order from a limit sell order or establishing strategic money management. These basic things are critical to success. It took me 5 years to live effectively from trading, so I invested a total of about 20,000 hours. Maybe I'm a late bloomer, but I would calculate at least 10,000 hours. If you managed to invest 20 hours a week in trading part-time, it would take at least 10 years to get 10,000 hours of experience.

You write that from your point of view the trade is largely manipulated. I fully agree with you in this area. But how do you want to recognize this manipulation with the pure forex data if you can only see the price and time data? I believe that we agree that this manipulation can only be seen in the liquidity and volume. This manipulation is the reason that over 90% -95% of all traders lose. With the data in the Forex market, a trader has a chance of 1:19, with the data from the future market a chance of 1: 6. This is exactly why you should concentrate on stock market data as early as possible. You can get future data for $ 5-10 a month, this investment will definitely pay off.

Of course, every trader has to create his own setup for years, with the financial means that are available to him. Since every trader judges market information differently, I am unable to make a specific recommendation for data, software, platforms and indicators. As you put it correctly: everyone will personalize it individually based on preference and affordability. The only chance that a beginner has is to create his optimal setup from the large amount of information from FF and from the Internet and to gain experience in trade. In all other economic sectors, as an entrepreneur you have exactly the same challenge.

In this sense, I also see this blog: It is a buffet to put together an individual setup, but here you will not find a system, since systems will not work in the long run. If your real desire is to become a professional trader, nothing will stop you. Perhaps you will be able to act professionally after 3 years, that is often a question of the right attitude and mentality. Of course, a little bit of luck is always part of it.

I keep my fingers crossed for you from the bottom of my heart and wish you to achieve your goals

best regards

Michael

--- 帖子 #1231 ---
Hi Bionics / Michael

Very nice thread. I am reading all as I have time available for it.

Agree 99% with you about points and information that you are providing here, for those who are starting at markets you have no idea of how priceless and this amount of information there is here and for free.

Just one quick question Michael.

Those prints of information are from ninja trader platform 8 with a mix of jigsaw tools and mzpack ?

I also use jigsaw, would kindle ask you wich platforms do you use ?

Tks

Have a good week buddy

--- 帖子 #1232 ---
Future data

Hello Dcrs,

I warmly welcome you to our blog and thank you for your kind, introductory words. Basically, I use the futures data as crucial information to trade in Forex. First I tested many different platforms for the futures market and decided on ATAS. A crucial point for me are the almost unlimited setting options of the platform that I need for my trade. However, the costs are significantly higher than with other platforms that also offer very good services. There are many good platforms for the future data, I recommend testing different ones first and then making an individual decision. Here is some information I posted in August:

Project 6 first interim conclusion

A very important point if you work with high-quality futures data is a fast internet connection with a very good ping and very good hardware. So far I have been working with an LTE hybrid connection, which will be exchanged for a fiber optic line with 1000Mbit in 4 weeks. Then an upload of up to 500Mbit is possible, the ping values are also decisive here. Since I use up to 50 charts with different algorithms in my Future platform, I need at least 64 GB Ram and a fast i9 processor with SSD. Depending on the screen resolution and monitor size, one or two RTX 2080 are then used. You don't need this for a normal application at first, but you should keep this in mind if you need more complex queries later.

I hope that I could help you a little and wish you a successful trading week.

best regards

--- 帖子 #1233 ---
Professional trading and analysis platforms

[quote=YYZ;12698386]{quote} ...and decided on ATAS. A crucial point for me are the almost unlimited setting options of the platform that I need for my trade. .... best regards   Bionics, so that is market profile platform?

Hello YYZ,

It is a professional trading and analysis platform for order flow and volume trading, time and sales, level II data (market depth), heat map, current and historical volume levels as well as HFT algorithm tracking. Raw order flow data is processed in order to then filter it further and display it intuitively. The crucial thing is the necessary stock market data that needs every trader. The footprint charts and the market profile have less value for me, I focus more on algorithms and liquidity, because I am able to determine the current market direction more quickly. All charts that I created in this blog come exclusively from MT4, MT5 and the trading software. As I said, there are significantly cheaper platforms, I would do an internet search and test different platforms. Then you know what you need and don't get annoyed.

best regards

--- 帖子 #1234 ---
Hi Michael

I agree with you I already tested ATAS and is real good, fast and so many options available.

About the PC/lap top.

My configs are basically the same just no need for me 64Ram and not 2 RTX.

1RTX 2080 and 32Ram are ok here.

With 1 RTX 2080 and a hub hdmi we can plug several screens with 2 we probably can open a lanhouse for rent lol.

The internet connection, ping, upload you are 100% right.

Just one thing to add I'm my opinion(perhaps) you already mentioned before.

But I would not recommend trade in the same computer that you make your analysis. Ok if you have a PC like those mentioned above probable no problem will come, but still I don't like to take the risks and also have a "background/back up" the "worst" thing that an happen is you open or are in a trade and the PC froze, the light ends etc...

Cheers good week to all

--- 帖子 #1235 ---
Trading security

[quote=Dcrs;12700423]{quote} Hi Michael I agree with you I already tested ATAS and is real good, fast and so many options available.

Hello Dcrs,

I agree with you on all points, as I have already written, these configurations are not so crucial in the beginning. I myself work with two PCs that run independently of each other. The first PC provides me with the forex data, the second is used for the trading software in the futures market. In addition, the first PC is secured with an uninterruptible power supply. The security question: What happens if the power or the Internet fails. Since I only trade in the forex market, a power failure by the UPS is not a problem. It becomes problematic when the internet goes down because I only work with virtual stops.

I have an app from my broker on my phone and can use it to close or open positions. If that doesn't help, I can still reach my broker by phone. In the worst case, a loss occurs or the credit on the account is destroyed. There is a trick for that. You open an MT4 and an MT5 account with your broker. You trade in one account and park your money in the other. It allows you to manage your accounts in seconds to transfer money back and forth. I would only deposit as much money into the trading account as you need for your daily operations. This gives you optimal protection. I can never lose more than my account balance, which is a very low risk for me.

I have written about this in the past, but it is a very important remark from your side. Exactly these things are extremely important, and every trader should ask themselves these questions, thank you for your note again.

Good luck in this trading week

best regards

Michael

--- 帖子 #1236 ---
Perfect Michael

As i wrote i already thought that you have mentioned those points.

I do and have the same strategies that you mentioned.

Mobile phone in the last case is where I close the trades if I was in the middle and all those problems happen.

I see a lot of people saying that equipments and speed internet is not important... Sorry to say that but is all BS.

Ask yourself if a successful trader will be trading with a low speed conection and a laptop 4g ram, i3 processor with cheap board video?

He wont be able to even plug more then one screen to the PC and also would never be able to open a futures platform and be able to analyze the market will take so much time to even load the data and probably will crush.

No need to take my word, give a try.

PS: I am not saying that you must have a NASA computer but reliable and good class equipment is require to trade in high/professional level, BUT only after you know what are you doing.

Cheers.

--- 帖子 #1237 ---
Hi Bionic Michael,

I finally made some good investments in Forex. That was a long time ago, when I bought some 'elite' indicators at Forex TSD in 2014 (site does not exist anymore), later it became Forex Station. I'm still using those good old indicators made at the time by Mladen and MrTools, so I was sure they were NRP and no BS.

So now I have been buying a second screen, ha ha, my new screen is now first and the old the second one. So on my first screen are two offline charts, a small M30 chart and a small H1 chart ; on my second screen my good old normal M5 chart and the other half of it is for some 'bionic' dashboards, in fact for me the most interesting ones.

So, I also acquired the OVO offline tickchart, which is definitively a good choice. The only drawback is that the offline chart slows down a bit my simple desktop computer, but I can live with that. After all my system is quite heavy. For now I only perform big trades of 1 lot in demo and there I already won back my investments with a few trades, but not for real of course. For 'real' I do only 0.01 lot trades, that's what I always do when I change my system until I really get used to it. My system is in fact quite the same, but trading from offline charts does change things, the fact is that your mind must get the hang of it AND you need some time to search for the right tickchart 'period'. 14, 32, 48, 60, 128, 500 ??? The possibilities are huge. I think I will stick to T7 for real fast trades, T64  for slightly longer ones and T256 for nice overview and drawing some equilibrium lines. I also draw those on a normal D1 chart and a H1 chart.

Hmm, I do not think  I really need Futures data or the Atas platform and indis, for now I'm going to try to make profit using my good old system. Will see how it goes. It's sometimes amazing, on the T7 tickchart you already see it coming when price is going down, while on T64, all indicators are still going up.

For me it's sometimes hard to understand, Michael, how you can trade without other indicators than the chart itself, I could not do without my medium slow stoch, my very slow stoch, DSS, TSS and slow and fast RSX. But that's of course everyones own choice. I must thank you for your insight in the equilibrium RS lines, they are for sure a very nice addition to my system. At the moment I'm at page 42 of your thread, so now I should be able to draw them more accurately.

Keep up the good work !

Greetings from Wulong

--- 帖子 #1238 ---
Investment as an entrepreneur

[quote=Wulong;12700733]Hi Bionic Michael, I finally made some good investments in Forex.

Hello Wulong

First of all, I'm happy that you are investing time to make progress. That is the most important aspect for a trader. I also started with the tick charts to be closer to volume and price changes. It is quite normal for this to take some time. Back then it was also very difficult for me, to understand how the professionals can only deal with the DOM and the time and sales list. As a trader, you always fall back on your proven setup, because it takes a lot of time to set up a strategy and thus conveys a certain security. Only this security gives us the courage to act in the market and to take risks. Of course we know that there is no security in this market, but our brain needs something to orientate itself on. When I started with the future data after the tick charts, 80% of my screens were filled with forex data and 20% with future data. The more I looked at the future data, the more I used it. Today the Future data occupy more than 80% of my screen views.

There are many recommendations in the market, for example, you should trade in more than one currency or stick to your setup. I have been trading exclusively with the EURUSD for many years and my eight screens are aimed exclusively at the EURUSD. I regularly adjust my setups while using 60% of my screen space for my tried-and-tested displays and 40% for experimenting. The creative experiments of different representations were responsible for my further development. It doesn’t matter what data you’re working with, what’s important is that you’ll see what’s going to happen on your screens And if you are able to act profitably in the long term, the way is definitely right. But the markets change every day, so we have to adapt our behavior to the markets. I am also very pleased that you have started working through this blog and are already on page 42. This blog is structured chronologically and shows my development over the past two years. It is not a matter of copying these things 1: 1, but only of getting out what brings you further. And you have to ask yourself every day what you can do to get better. That is what makes a trader successful.

In addition, I recommend you write your own blog, with which you can document your own development and discuss it with other participants.

No matter what you do, as long as you continue to develop, you make sure that you move forward and that is a prerequisite for success in daily changing markets.

I keep my fingers crossed for you and wish you a great trading week

best regards

--- 帖子 #1239 ---
Howdy Michael and all folks

I agree in 99% of Michael points, of course it is normal a person disagree in some aspects/points specially in a such huge endless market as are financial markets.

But respect always first we must respect each other in disagree.

But one thing that I have been watching very closely for the last years is that MM's /SM as Michael mentioned before, act almost every time in passive way...

But what is that mean ?

Means that if they want to increases the price they wont be starting buying and buying until the price goes up or down we all know the market is 100% manipulated so they will always want to buy cheap and sell expensive and vice versa...

LOOK this is not a receipe of success as I mentioned most of time, if they have to buy or sell a big amount of position and they don't have time they will period.

And those actions are clearly seeing in DOM and times and sales you just need to exercise your eyes and watch, the reconstruct tape it is also a good tool as you can see the big orders together and not one by one in regular times and sales.

Footprints chart also helps.

Another point is that when they start to build positions they need liquid so they know that most part of traders will buy/sell and put their stop loss above or below one S or R and that we call stop hunting cause they wont stop to buy or sell when they already started to build a position let's say of 4000 lots, they will continue buy or sell and hunt stop loss cause creates liquidity to they keep their positions.

Another point and important to understand I AM NOT SAYING THAT OUR STOP LOSS CREATE THE LIQUIDITY THE MMs need or want but I guess you all can understand that it us why most of trader of retail are stopped.

The MMs can buy and sell together etc...

But with time you will see very clearly when they start to build their positions, and with that you earn a little vantage cause you know where they are starting and how big they are creating a position some times are huge positions to long and short time, and if they are huge you know that they are able to defend their positions and we all know that cash is not a problem to MM's whatever you want to call.

With time in order flow in my personal experience you can work out just with DOM, of course it depends of each individual and their development in their knowledge, confidence etc...

But that does not mean that I don't like charts, one and other indicator. That is not what I am saying here/mean to express.

If your strategy works for you with no indicator or 100 indis it is ok.

But for me the most important thing is what Michael mentioned above.

If you get a point where you start to "believe" that you are comfortable or knows all about financial markets...

In my humble opinion it is the start of the end of a trader carrier.

Financial Markets are so huge that every day I learn one or several things and I guess all you buddy's

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1240 ---
Thanks for your detailled answer, but I do not have time to write my own blog on FF, otherwise I would have to clone my self, ha ha.

My goal is to make profit with higher lots starting from a fast tick chart and applying my basic system to it and with the help now of the, I hope, accurate equilibrium supply demand zones. Hmm, I just looked at my future zones I had drawn and price mostly respected them today, I might be on the right track, ha ha. (Today I was working all day, no time to trade whatsoever).  This way I will be very fast in and out of the market, fast scalping should be my thing. I simply have no time for long trades. And that's your opinion too, to be as short as possible in the market.  That is of course not always possible, especially when a trade goes against you. I'm one of those very stubborn traders, I do not want to lose a trade, but a trade can go against you a very long time, so now I simply close with a loss and accept it. Next time better ! So trading is definitely a psychological game. I always think of Forex as PacMan. Let's say you are PacMan, the retail trader, and the ghosts are the price, the MMs, the high frequency traders and the last ghost is the big banks - big players. So you are good as PacMan and get easily to some higher levels. Of course, the ghosts catch you now and then, but you survive. Of course the higher the level, the more difficult it becomes because the ghosts get stronger, so how longer you play and how further you get, the more risk THEY GET YOU and take your last life !

See you later, alligator. And I wish bionic Michael and the other traders here many green pips and may the ghosts not get you, ha ha.

Wulong

--- 帖子 #1241 ---
No doubt you are on your way buddy, hard work pays...

PS: Best compare I read with market Vs PacMan lololol

--- 帖子 #1242 ---
Live and let live!

Hello dear subscribers,

First of all, thank you for your comments. As we have already established, our traders' setups are different and relate to different assumptions, strategies and data flows. This is perfectly fine and there are no discussions about it, since every trader is responsible for his own success.

It becomes problematic when a trader believes, that his system is the true one and makes fun of other traders who do not act like him. In FF we find some examples. There are blog writers who don't understand, why other trader work with indicators, so they post regular charts from other blogs that are full of indicators. Then they make fun of it. The interesting thing is, that these traders themselves started with a chart full of indicators. I don't think you have to say anything more.

In this blog, we never had any problems with each other, everyone accepts the other as they are. Maybe it's because I'm not promoting a system here, but only ideas for individual setups. Everyone can use the variety of different and free ideas in this blog to get ahead. And that is exactly the only goal at stake. Your own success.

It doesn't matter whether you work with forex data or futures data, volume or liquidity, footprintchart or volumechart, tickcharts or minutecharts. In the end, every trader has to answer for their own profit or loss. For this reason, I am very proud that we find different traders in this blog who pursue different opinions and strategies. And that is exactly what takes us all a step further.

Respect, decency and mutual fairness testify to a good upbringing and a high level of intelligence. This is exactly what we can all be proud of and I am sure that with these virtues we can achieve the success we all want.

Thank you for your loyalty and fairness

best regards

Michael

--- 帖子 #1243 ---
<div "="" style="-webkit-tap-highlight-color: transparent;">

Hi Bionics/Michael

I would like to say that I am very happy to meet you and congrats for your thread here at FF.

Nice to meet and be able to learn more with a such helpfull trader.

I think we share most part of financial markets in the same direction.

Besides that I would like to ask you for an advice.

I am at financial markets around 6-7 years.

When I started at your thread I saw in your description that you also are a coder/programmer at Java if I am not mistake.

My ask of advice it is about learn how to code and program for mt4, mt5 and for order flow, platforms like ATAS, Ninja trader 8 and so on...

Could advice me in some course or where start from ?

One last thing mate wich data feed you use or recommend you experience for futures,forex, indices etc...

Tks buddy I hope I can contribute to your thread and learn from you and all buddys here.

Thanks and sorry to disturb you.

Dcrs

--- 帖子 #1244 ---
The Equilibrium, the key to success

[quote=Dcrs;12704987]I would like to say that I am very happy to meet you and congrats for your thread here at FF.

Hello Dcrs,

I am very happy that you like this blog and that it helps you.

This blog is structured like a book in chronological order and deals with the subject of supply and demand, trading in equilibrium and data in the futures market. I know that my published 1,300 D4 pages to read are a lot of work, but if you have already been able to derive some ideas from them, there is a high probability that you will be able to find many more ideas. Therefore I recommend you to study this blog in peace. My posts contain about 350,000 words and you can read 300 words per minute. That means an investment of about 20 hours. If you can only find one good idea, the investment has paid off.

You can find the answer to your 2 questions here:

New project work for you

Project 6 Forex & Future

I am happy if I could help you and wish you all the best

best regards

Michael

--- 帖子 #1245 ---
Thanks Michael

I already am reading, but last days I have lack of time but for sure will keeping on, there is a lot of good Intel and share knowledge here.

Thanks a lot I am very glad to find these thread here at FF.

Thanks again

--- 帖子 #1246 ---
Stophunting, Project No. 9 starts

Hello dear subscribers,

With the start of project No. 8 in November 2019, the stipulation was clearly defined. The idea was to find out with the help of future data and professional software: When will the euro be bought? When will the euro be sold? When will the dollar be bought? When will the dollar be sold? When is a stop loss buy triggered? When is a stop loss sell triggered?

You can find more information in my post:

Deep in the market

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

First of all, I went into the bid and ask, which are brought into the market by the market participants. With graphic representations I tried to make the different cash flows in the market visible in order to get assumptions for a future of the course. In addition, we took a closer look at the DOM and at some examples of how and why the courses move.

The wrong truth?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In my article: The Matrix, I presented an idea that I implemented using the time and sales list. The first step was to connect the volume with the liquidity in order to recognize the market strength more quickly. I have shown how the big players secretly buy large quantities by instructing their algorithms to buy very large packages from Bid or Ask, often with small Lot.

The Matrix

I would like to briefly introduce my current matrix. At point A we see the spread tape that gives me the respective ask, bid and delta of the market relatively quickly and clearly. Under point B you can see the different orders that come into the market at different times. Here we differentiate between cumulative and non-cumulative orders. At point C we see cumulative orders that have been filtered according to the respective liquidity. Point D shows an overview of the liquidity of bid and ask, and point E shows spoofing, i.e. how many limit orders come into the market or are withdrawn.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In this project, it emerged that liquidity is almost more important than volume. I started by making the liquidity visible in the chat. Here you can see the current setting of my headmap, the larger red and green fields refer to a lower liquidity. Interestingly, this enables you to identify an equilibrium even faster. Basically, I can say that a graphical representation of what's going on in the market is a great relief to be able to see the liquidity and volume at a glance. This project will not be completely finished today because it will accompany us on our way.

The unvarnished truth

We first noticed that the market orders generally take the path of least resistance. The larger the volume in the market order and the smaller the liquidity in the sell limit order, the more likely an upward price trend is. As soon as the liquidity in the sell limit orders increases, it could be an absorption. But it is precisely this situation that is not so easy to identify in the market, but I am working on it.

The big players in the forex market take away $ 400 million from institutional and retail traders every day.

The new generation of traders

The biggest big players work without stops because they can change the market at any time on their terms. Thus, the big players only trade with limit and market orders that are responsible for their entry / exit or for rapid market movements. About 15% of the total turnover in the Forex market is secured with stops, which are almost exclusively institutional and retail traders. In the order book you can see the market order and the limit order, but not the stops and it is precisely these stops that have a magical attraction for the big players. These invisible stops give big players instant liquidity to accelerate the price and at the same time purchase large orders from bid or ask. In addition, market participants are withdrawn from the market because they could disrupt the actual price development.

What many do not even know, this stophunting takes place permanently in the market. In principle, this is not bad will on the part of the big players when they shoot market players out of the market, the big players are always only looking for liquidity. The $ 400 million the big players earn every day is largely the result of stophunting. For this very reason, we should also take a closer look at it. When stophunting, we have to keep in mind that there are different traders with different goals. In addition to scalpers, there are also day traders and swing traders right through to the very long-term position traders. It is clear that we have to start from different stop sizes.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Let us first look at an example in the  EURUSD M15.

Point A

The price initially comes from above and forms a new low, then runs upwards and is pushed back almost to the low. The small traders who have decided to buy the euro set their stops under point A.

Point B

Now the course has run to point B and there is first a pullback. Within this pullback an HL is created and then an LL. For many traders, this is a sign that the price may be in a downward trend. They placed their stops at point B.

Point C

From here, an upward trend seems to start again, and after the price has exceeded point B, some euro buyers pull their stop to point C.

Point D

First, a few dollars buyers who got into point B are stopped. Then the course runs to Point E.

Point E

The course is braked exactly at the level of point C and pushed up again. At first it seems as if it is a resistance zone that cannot be broken. The course is going up again.

Point F

There is a small reset, which can be overcome quickly, however. After the price has overcome point D, some euro buyers move their stop to point F.

Point G

With the course of the course at point G, some dollar buyers who went short at point D are stopped.

Point H

At Point H, additional dollar buyers have entered the market, which will be stopped immediately with the course of the Point I price.

Point I

Initially, this trend looks as if there could be another upward trend. At Point I there were again many euro buyers who entered the market. In the course of the course at point J, most have been stopped.

Point J

In the price development to point J, the stops of euro buyers at points C, E, F and H were the clear goal. Why didn't the course go down to point A? I have my own theory about this. If you look at the course development at point A, you will see a real mess. Many traders who initially bought the euro were immediately stopped and confused. The big players used this confusion to push the price up. When moving from point A to B, the fewest retail traders were involved, in the first half. This means that the initial course from point A was primarily staged by the big player. Accordingly, there was little likelihood that larger stops could be below point C. And if that were the case, the big players would have gotten these stops because they know exactly where the liquidity is in the market. After liquidity was no longer to be expected under point J, a further upward trend in the price could be assumed.

The range we are looking at here was a total of 70 pip, of course we must note that some traders work with stops of 5 to 7 pip and therefore cannot always use the highs and lows shown in the example. The subsequent upward trend with points K, L, M, N and O always followed the same principle. The reason for this is clear, the big players have no chance under normal conditions to find sufficient liquidity to place their large orders. Therefore, you use the liquidity of the stops to buy or sell there unnoticed. The sufferers are those who believe that there is a trend, bullish or bearish movements or resistance zones in the market. I used to think that too, but I was lucky enough to only act within one equilibrium. And within an equilibrium, artificial resistance zones are created so that traders are not taken away during an outbreak.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Basically, it is an advantage to analyze possible liquidity through stops in the market. However, the mere identification of possible stops is not enough to make a specific trading decision. When stops are triggered, the big question is what the big players are buying or selling at that moment. At point A we see how massive stops are triggered in the market. The first assumption would be that the price would have to go up relatively quickly again. But we see that the dollar was bought massively at points A and B. Then there was a stop run upwards and the course was then pushed down to point C.

It is therefore a question of combining the most varied of findings with one another in order to make the best possible trading decisions. With pure Forex data, it is theoretically possible to improve the probability of winning on the basis of identified stops. However, if we add the future data to find out what the big players are aiming for with the stops that have started, much becomes clearer. When stops are started, there are theoretically two options. The Big Player uses these stops to further accelerate the course of the course or he uses the situation in which he orders the limit with absorbing the stops and then pushes the course in the opposite direction. And it is precisely these things that you cannot see if you concentrate solely on identifying the stops.

We want to take a closer look at this stops in Project No. 9. There are different approaches to consider liquidity and volume in kombination with the stops. I am convinced that this project will bring us a good deal further and I am already looking forward to the result.

I wish you a successful trading week

best regards

Michael

--- 帖子 #1247 ---
Ha, ha Michael, I think many traders (me too) are still amazed when they are looking at your pics with circles and squares and triangles that represent the actions of big players and the kind. I'm of course trading the old fashion way, but now I'm using some important zones as a bonus. So traders will see a normal chart now (even a simple one, ha ha) with normal but good indicators and some horizontal zones. This morning I was home, so some time to test out my 'new' system with offline charts and also testing out how to trade with 1.00 lots. So this morning Euro was strong and rising, so I did some buy trades on demo. Won 4 in a row, closing very fast when in good profit. That's what I did too in the past with 0.1 lot, closing fast when price gave me 3 or 5 Euro. That way I'm very fast out of the market, but 5 Euro is of course peanuts.

Well the 5th trade, I did not care, I bought Euro again, while price was going clearly down, I just wanted to find out how much it would cost me if price hit my stop loss of 5 pips with 1 lot. But it did not, instead it hit my take profit that was 10 pips away, but I only saw that this evening.

Price did go down in the afternoon, due to some good US economic news, I did not care, was not home anymore then, but when I got back this evening, I saw price simply had hit my orange supply zone I had drawn on a T 8192 a few days ago. Of course, my stoch was above 90 then and my RSX above level 75, so with these indicators one can have some extra confirmation, and I still need that extra confirmation, after all I'm very 'new' into drawing these zones. Of course, Bionic Michael does not need those indis, but I think a lot of less experienced traders might do, but that's of course a free choice.

Anyway, I'm glad I have found this thread, it already makes my trading better.

See you !

Wulong

--- 帖子 #1248 ---
This is cool

--- 帖子 #1249 ---
Development

[quote=Wulong;12707194] Michael, Anyway, I'm glad I have found this thread, it already makes my trading better.

Hello Wulong,

every trader must always act according to their own setup in order to be successful.

Live and let live!

This setup is as individual as a fingerprint and cannot be copied. Even if two traders traded on the same setup, the results would always be different. The key to a setup is the further development and the resulting higher probability of winning. The most important thing is that you have found a blog here that gives you important information to improve your trade, but only because you are willing to spend time on it. Many traders are looking for complete systems that show them boarding and alighting, stopping and even money management. These systems are learned for months and in the end you find, that you can't get ahead. For this reason, I think it is better to put together your setup like puzzle pieces yourself.

See my post: The never ending story

You can find 1000 ideas for these puzzle pieces here in this blog, the only willingness that a trader has to bring is to invest 20 hours to analyze these ideas and then pick the best ones. This creates an individual setup, that is tailored to each trader and brings the best results in the long term. If you don't like it, you simply leave it out. The key is your personal progress, you are the main person in your own trading business. So I'm glad that you are happy to have found this blog and I see that you get progress. You decide how quickly this happens on your own.

Good luck

Michael

--- 帖子 #1250 ---
Supporting indicators for Project No.9

Hello dear subscribers,

As already announced in my last post, our new project number 9 is primarily about the permanent stoprun that is caused by the big players in order to obtain the necessary liquidity.

Stophunting, Project No. 9 starts

In the next few weeks we want to collect and evaluate some ideas and information on different charts. For those who have not yet had any experience in this area, I have created an interesting template with associated indicators. These indicators are designed to help you find potential stops more quickly to identify importend liquidity that could be of interest to big players.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

These are three auxiliary indicators. The zigzag easy 1.2 is already known and has been introduced by me a few times. If you install it manually, I recommend a setting of 4/2/1. The numbers that the indicator produces in the chart are the average pip / 10 that each candle has reached within the respective trend. The openLevels Historical indicator is a sensationally good work by cja, which clearly shows the range of the current day. You can also use it to represent the range of several days, but I only use it for the current day. In our case, the MTF fractal indicator is used for a different purpose and is very suitable for identifying possible stops in the chart more quickly. It is best to save the three indicators in your MT4 folder and put the template "Project No. 9" in your template folder. Then adjust the colors to your liking and get started. The candles are only shown in the template as a dark bar chart, since they only play a subordinate role for the stop identification.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Of course you can also work with a normal candle or the bionic candle in chat, the zigzag indicator is suitable for an optimal overview in any case. Start with an M 15 chart and draw the different stops. Since the prices generally move in zigzag lines, think about which stops can be started next to ensure sufficient liquidity. Please note that the big players manipulate the price of the course and resistance zones are not initiated accidentally, but deliberately. I would neglect candle pictures and possible patterns, because in my eyes they have no relevance. Candles are created randomly by the time, as soon as you switch from the M1 to a tick chart, the candle pictures change blatantly. First of all, just pay attention to the different zigzag lines, so that you will be able to better understand the approach of the big players within a short time.

This chart should only serve as a training aid to get a rough overview of the market. They show no actual stops or liquidity. In the end, of course, the crucial data is missing whether a big player brings Bid or Ask into the market within a stop or absorbs bid or ask with the help of limit orders. We will then combine this second part with the future data in our further project No. 10. First of all, it's about understanding how big players work. We will then post our experiences and ideas derived from them and discuss them in detail. But first of all, it is about gaining initial experience in order to recognize how the market may work.

I look forward to a lively exchange and wish you a nice weekend.

best regards

Michael

Attached File(s)   Indicators project 9.zip

98 KB
|
1,407 downloads

--- 帖子 #1251 ---
Servus Michael.. oder Gude wie man bei uns sagt!

During my first free weeks after summer holidays I had a proper watch about your thread.

The last posts about from November to now are incredible!

Definitely not a easy read, but worth it.

I came to the conclusion to work with Futures Data (Stock market Data) last summer, when I scalped the dax.

I felt there was a missing point (Datafeed) on specific points, where I place my orders.

That was the reason to lift my trading to a more professional stage.

To be honest, you saved me a lot of research!

I had never got the clue about clustering orders (sorted by size and ms) and mark them as "pro orders".

I am really curious about how to mark the orders in FX for a stophunt, because that is exactly what I trade naked in small timeframes.

Chapeau!

Excellent work.

Guido

--- 帖子 #1252 ---
why use so many indicators when trading price action

--- 帖子 #1253 ---
Stop Hunting

[quote=Sesamstrasse;12708635]Servus Michael.. The last posts about from November to now are incredible!

Hello Guido,

First of all, a warm welcome to our blog and a warm greeting to Frankfurt, the most important stock exchange location in Germany. Thank you for your great compliment to this blog.

First of all, I am pleased that you are also dealing with the futures market, because the information from it is crucial to overcome the last hurdle in the forex market. I admit that my market view is unconventional and creative, I myself do not know anyone who bases his trading in the Forex market exclusively on futures data. However, the extraordinary creativity of the big players brings them a daily profit of over $ 400 million, so creativity seems to be more of an advantage.

Unfortunately, the price data of some brokers is displayed incorrectly or they are wrong. But there are also some exceptions in the Forex area that you can rely on, to get specific price data.

I get my stock market data from CQG, however this is initially raw stock market data that you have to have translated by professional software. Only then does the actual work begin. The settings and individual combinations, different representations must be filtered so that they give you the crucial information that you expect. First of all, this is a big challenge that takes a lot of time.

Many years ago I thought that with the price chart I would be able to determine trends and resistance zones. Through the exact analysis of the futures data with my prop software, I came to the conclusion that there are actually no trends and no real resistance zones. The resistance zones that we see are initiated by the big players to deceive us and alleged trends are there to mislead dump money.

The Big Boys work primarily with limit orders and market orders, stops or TPs are dispensed with, since the market would not be able to accept these large packages at once if these orders were placed directly on the market.

Cumulative bid and ask of the big players are relatively easy to identify when sorting orders by milliseconds. I am currently concerned with how I can use the limitorder to identify a specific accumulated absorption in the market orders. If I delete the cumulative and large orders of the big players, the orders of the retail traders and the smaller institutional traders remain. This is also an interesting perspective that gives us important information.

Stophunting is a crucial point in market movements for which there are no specific rules or assumptions. Through my years of trading in equilibrium, I have discovered some aspects that could be very interesting. We will look into this, in the next few weeks.

I look forward to a great cooperation and wish you a nice weekend and a quiet Monday, it is a holiday in the USA.

best regards

Michael

--- 帖子 #1254 ---
Hey Michael,

What is the best way to draw equilibrium or supply and demand zones : in normal timeframes (M5, M15 and so on) or on tickcharts like I did in my previous post ? Maybe normal timeframes because most traders are using those ?

--- 帖子 #1255 ---
On the right way

[quote=Wulong;12710327]Hey Michael, What is the best way to draw equilibrium or supply and demand zones

Hello Wulong,

the question is not easy to answer, since most resistance zones are initiated by the big players in order to lure retail traders onto the wrong track. Here is a possible solution:

On the right way

I also recommend reading post 905-907. I hope it helps you a little.

best regards

--- 帖子 #1256 ---
Trading style

Hello fxkacper,

Welcome to our blog and thank you for your question. There are different approaches to trading in the forex market. I have been acting according to supply and demand for many years and in the past I have specialized in trading short, harmless movements within an equilibrium. In the Forex market, you can only rely on the price and time data, since the tick volume has nothing to do with real volume (bid and ask). I only found my key candles based on the prices. In principle, I was a scalper who traded within the equilibrium based on price information.

I have been concentrating on stock market data for a year now, so the volume with bid and ask and especially liquidity has become the focus of my attention. The pure candles or price information give us traders an incorrect picture of the market, because a strong bullish candle does not necessarily mean that someone is buying the euro to push the price further up. Once a big player sells their dollars after a downtrend, a strong bullish candle may also emerge. However, this cannot be seen from the pure candle representation.

Price action does not necessarily mean that a trader may not use additional auxiliary indicators such as the MA, Daily Open, Zig Zag or other indicators. Since there was no selection as an Equilibruim trader at FF in the past, I chose Price Action.

You are absolutely right, I trade in the Forex market solely on the basis of volume and liquidity, since there is no such selection at FF, I have now completely omitted to display the trading style. Thank you very much for your hint.

All the best for the future

best regards

--- 帖子 #1257 ---
Personal goals

Hello Dcrs,

I am pleased to hear that. The crucial thing is, that you will progress personally, to find your optimal setup. In our new project No. 9 I try to post the first example until today at noon of how stophunting works and how it can be identified. This may also help you further.

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1258 ---
Hi Michael

I am very pleased to be part of this blog that you started.

This week I should finishing all the reading here and probably will be 100% with the news coming from you.

I have passion for study special financial markets that as for you and me I guess are our jobs.

Never tierd to study and learn always open mind and keeping every day better.

Thank you and have a good week buddy.

Dcrs

--- 帖子 #1259 ---
Basics in Stophunting

Hello dear subscribers,

The big players have so much money that they can move the course massively within seconds. In the following article, I described why that doesn't make sense for the Big Boys.

Identification of the big players

For this reason, the big players rely on collecting ask or bid in the sideways phases that is made available by a wide variety of market participants. In an accumulation phase, Ask is collected (cause) in order to push the price up in the medium term. (Effect) while bid is being collected in the distribution phase (cause) to push the price down in the medium term. (Effect). Therefore, a trader should analyze what is bought within an equilibrium. Important: When exiting the market, the big players do not sell their ask or bid in one block. Ask can only be sold if many market participants continue to expect rising prices. Therefore, a big player in the rising market sells his ask in small quantities and tries not to slow the price up. The advantage: the course continues to rise and the big player receives even better prices when exiting.

Market orders are transactions that should be executed as quickly as possible at the current or market price. Conversely, a limit order specifies the maximum or minimum price at which you want to buy or sell. As we already know, limit orders represent liquidity in the market. However, since there is a bid and ask spread, these limit orders never meet to trigger a market movement. The market buy orders (demand) hits the sell limit orders (offer) and the market sell orders (offer) hits the buy limit orders (demand). If a price is pushed upwards, many market oders are usually traded, with absorption, additional limit orders are added to a price level to stop the market orders. Market orders can also be triggered by a TP or stops.

A crucial point is the identification of ask and bid. Ask comes into the market because someone buys the euro or sells the dollar. Bid comes into the market because someone buys the dollar or sells the euro. If a strong bullish candle unexpectedly emerges in a downward trend, this does not necessarily mean that someone is buying the euro and the price will continue to rise. It could also mean that a big player leaves his position and sells his dollars. Then the price would very likely not rise immediately, but rather run into a sideways range. How price movements occur and the spread changes can be read here:

The wrong truth?

Resistance zones

In the post: "The wrong truth?" I showed that randomly drawn resistance zones work amazingly well. However, this is a pure coincidence and has nothing to do with actual resistance zones. We traders often try to sort a random price trend using horizontal, vertical or trend lines to derive a future forecast. But what we draw there gives us a truth that does not really exist. The first question we have to ask ourselves: Do resistance zones only happen by chance and how should we deal with them?

Resistance zones actually exist and, as a rule, they do not arise accidentally. The big players know that traders like to work with Fibonacci zones, moving averages (EMA 200) as well as resistance and support zones. With the help of these zones, the retail traders make important trading decisions. When a price stops three times in a row at the same price level, many traders assume that it is a very strong resistance zone that cannot be broken. The opposite is true, however, because it would be no problem for the big players to break through this resistance zone. But they make us believe that it is a strong zone. The next time the price comes to this zone, a large number of traders may take short positions and place their stops above this supposedly strong resistance zone.

Even if some traders assume that this resistance zone has been initiated, speculate on a long position and put their stops below the resistance zone, it is no good idea. The big player initially pushes the price down sharply, where its buy limit orders intercept the triggered stops of the traders. Now the big player is able to buy Ask even cheaper before pushing the price up. As soon as the big players push the price above their fake resistance zone and catch the traders' stops, the price is pushed further upwards, because at this moment further ask comes into the market. In this case, the short and long traders were switched off before the big player implemented his strategy.

Resistance zones are therefore an important tool for quickly getting liquidity. Especially in the sideways markets, people like to work with these resistance zones to collect bid or ask unnoticed. When you identify a typical resistance zone, you should always ask yourself first what the big players are up to?

Trends

A trend is described as a particularly profound and sustainable course development. For me, a trend is just a price trend that can develop in the opposite direction at any time. There can be endless discussions about trends, although there will always be different views.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Let us first look at the EURUSD in the monthly chart. We see here a price development of the past 588 months. The two green lines clearly indicate an upward trend since 1971, while the two red lines clearly indicate a downward trend from 2010. Is it a major upward trend and at the same time a minor downward trend? Is that really true and how does this information help us?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

We switch to the EURUSD daily chart. We have been in a downward trend since February 2018, and we have been in an upward trend since September 2019. Another view is, that we are still in a downtrend and the new uptrend will be confirmed, when reached the last high of February 2018. But even if the high of Feb 2018 is overcome, it does not automatically mean that the price continues to go up. What is the benefit of looking at a trend for our future trading decisions? Due to different time units, the consideration of different trends is completely understandable, the main question is which trends apply to the individual trader and which future decision he will make with this knowledge.

An upward trend is identified if ever higher highs and higher lows are formed in the price trend. Downward trends are identified when steadily falling lows and constantly falling highs are formed in the price trend. Big players also know these rules very well and use them to obtain the necessary liquidity. Let's look at a simple example.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The case described here is only intended as an example. Depending on the trading style and strategy, there are different approaches.

Point A

The upward trend ends here, but this is not yet apparent to a trader at this point. First the course runs to point B.

Point B

When the price reached point B, it is still not clear whether it is already a downward trend because the price could go up again and form a new high. The price initially goes up a bit and then forms a new low at point C.

Point C

After a new low has been formed at point C, this is a confirmed downward trend for many traders and they first wait for the pullback to find a good start. This entry then takes place at point F and the stop comes via the last high at point D.

Point E

After the course has formed a new low and has run to point E, the stop is pulled to point F. In some cases, stops are pulled faster regardless of highs or lows.

Point G

After the course has formed a new low and has run to point G, the stop is moved to point H. Due to the stronger price trend at point H, some traders have already been kicked out of the market.

Point I

The course has now reached point I and the stop is dragged to point J.

Point K

From point I, the price is pushed into zone K and triggers some stops by the traders. After that, the price continues down to point L. Some traders believe, the price will go further down and starts a short position at point K. Some traders believe it is going up and starts a long position at point L.

Point M

Now the price is pushed to point M and stops further traders. On this occasion, the big players are able to purchase larger orders from bid to push the price further down to point N. At the same time, the long traders who entered the market at point L are stopped. The short traders from point F onwards must hand over winnings to the big players.

This example clearly shows that the big players are trying to stop all different trader groups or to reduce their profits. It is a great art to ensure that neither scalpers, day traders, swing traders nor position traders come to a noteworthy result at the same time. Of course, we have to take into account the different stops of the individual market participants.

Since the big players are unable to bring their positions directly into the market, they are forced to look for suitable liquidity. This liquidity is immediately released as soon as the traders' stops are triggered. For this reason, it is important to recognize where the individual stops of the traders are. As soon as you identify these stops, you can use it to estimate a further course of the course. As I wrote in my last post, stop identification is not a guarantee of successful trading. Based on future data, we can see what the big players buy or sell within these stops. But we will deal with this in more detail in our Project No. 10. First of all, it is important to identify possible stops in order to find out where the greatest liquidity is in the market. This shows us the direction in which the big players are building their trade. We have to keep in mind that stops are moved, which makes it easier for the big players to achieve this liquidity (stops) quickly with a counter trend (course of the point G to point H). For a better overview, the indicators that I published in my last post will help you. If you click on the link, you will come directly to the article and can download the associated indicators.

Supporting indicators for Project No.9

First, draws possible stops of the individual long and short traders and decides which liquidity could be the next target. First of all, this gives you a rough overview with which you already get a lot of information. The identification of different stops is a process that does not work straight away and requires experience. It is therefore completely normal for the first results take a little longer.

I wish you a successful trading week

best regards

Michael

--- 帖子 #1260 ---
Hi Bionics, reading about margin requirements for EURUSD futures and falled in this thread which I read every day and connected your stop hunting posts with my research and came to me the idea that big players should hunt margins, so what is your experience with.

--- 帖子 #1261 ---
Margin hunting

Hello Js3mwtRc,

This is an interesting question that I can only answer emotionally, because I have not yet been confronted with it.

Let us first consider the Forex market. 85% of sales come from the big players, 10% from the smaller institutional traders and the remaining 5% from the retail traders. The big players and the majority of the institutional dealers work almost exclusively with their own funds, a margin does not apply here. It is different with most retail traders. Many work with levers and the broker demands a margin for this. This security is intended to ensure that the holder of a buy or sell position can fulfill his obligation if the development of the course should develop to his disadvantage. If the existing kontract cannot absorb a negative development of the trade and a margin call is ignored, the positions can be closed by the broker for security. However, a margin call is an extremely rare exception for most traders. I haven't had a margin call in the past 10 years. In addition, most positions are hedged with stops, and should there be a sharp fall in prices, 95% of traders in Europe are only liable with their account deposits. Therefore, I don't believe that big players target an account's entire margin if a stop comes into play beforehand. The big players earn $ 400 million a day in Forex, primarily through stop hunting. It's a very rewarding business, but it's wiser to keep retail traders going than to flatten them. Why should you slaughter a cow that gives 50 liters of milk every day?

I am glad that this blog helps you and I wish you continued success with our new project Nr.9.

Stophunting, Project No. 9 starts

best regards

--- 帖子 #1262 ---
Hello Michael.

Thx for the information, I ll have a proper watch when I return from my vacation trip at middle Feb.

Unfortunately I will have only a couple of weeks spare time until the projects start and screentime will be very rare later.

The vids and informations from your youtube channel are really helpful to figure out what I require.

In a couple of weeks I´ll come over with a couple of specific questions to liquidity and absorbtion in different marketphases.

I guess 50 contracts "6E or E7" in a liquid market time is nothing to move the market.

But more later when I´m back to screen.

Have a good time.

Guido

--- 帖子 #1263 ---
Thanks Bionics Indeed I had only one mrgin call when I was new to fx market and have Years that I don't margin too.

Sorry I forgot to mention that my question was regarded for the futures market only and for the Monthly E6 contracts and not entire forex market which doesn't expire.

--- 帖子 #1264 ---
[quote=Bionics;12710737]On the right way
Ok, thanks Michael !

Lately I had not much time to read this thread further, I'm now at page 43, and until that page you did not use tickcharts yet, I already do.  I already had been reading some parts of the tickchart pages before, but I will reread that part. Now I will understand it even better ...

Regards !

Wulong

--- 帖子 #1265 ---
Ha, ha, drawing equilibrium lines, bionic chart and the smbionics supply demand (is becoming my favorite) combined with my old system and using offline charts, brought my demo account 40% higher. I even did a stupid trade last Friday with 0.5 lot, I did a buy trade while price plummeted down afterwards without using stop loss. I just let the trade run and when I got back from work in the evening the trade was floating around 270 Euro minus, ha ha. A good lesson for me for not using stop loss. Of course I did not care, after all it was my demo account, but nevertheless you can learn a lot from it. I let the trade run all weekend. Today I won it all back by using 3 lots and even once 4 lots. The 'old' trade I closed at minus 170 Euro, but still I brought my account higher. Of course I'm not ready to apply those high lots for real, mostly I use 0.5 or 1.0, but using higher lots makes fast profit when your guess is right, of course if price goes against you the losses can go fast too, ha ha. Hmm, with the help of the equilibrium zones your guess could be right more often ...

I just did a nice buy countertrade in a down trend based on my T16 tickchart, 12 Euro in 10 minutes with 2 lots. A new world goes open for me ! Right now, price is in an equilibrium right on a demand zone which already rejected price going down three times, but now a big, sustainable supply zone is forming in both T64 and T16 tickcharts, I wonder what will happen....

Regards from Wulong

--- 帖子 #1266 ---
Margin hunting

Hello Js3mwtRc,

A futures margin is also a security deposit, that is required from the broker, when trading futures and or when using automatic futures trading systems. The sum of the margin minus netted gains and losses of all open futures positions held represents the equity of a margin account. There are two types of future margin, firstly the initial margin and secondly the maintenance margin. The initial margin is due when a position is entered. The maintenance margin can be called up by means of a margin call if the existing kontract cannot compensate for a negative development of the trade.

If you finance your contract in the future from your own funds, there is no margin. Futures are also leverage instruments because investors only purchase them on a margin and initially require little capital. The margin in the future is therefore also a security deposit that a broker requires when you enter a trading position. This affects the areas of futures and CFDs, because you do not buy or sell a security, but enter into a contract, i.e. an obligation. And it starts exactly the moment you go long or short with the future or CFD, at the price that is then available in the underlying. There is no actual purchase price and no transfer of a security to your portfolio. However, there is always the risk, that only a small amount of liquidity will be invested, but in the event of a loss, due to the additional margin requirements, more liquidity will flow away than the trader can handle.

If you go long with a contract in the Euro FX Future, the book value of your portfolio increases by $ 6.25 for every tick that the Euro FX gains. If the Euro FX suddenly fell 100 ticks, you would lose $ 625. By doing this, the broker protects itself against losses that it would otherwise have to bear. If the big player was targeting the margin, it would have to be ensured that you didn't use a stop. But also in the futures market, stops are usually used and if you place a 10-tick stop on 1 lot, the risk is limited to $ 62.50. The only way the big player would have is to motivate you to extend your stop. However, shortly before your stop, he would have to steer the course in the opposite direction again. So I cannot imagine that margin hunting could be a sensible strategy.

I recommend you first deal with the Stophunting in our project No. 9. The knowledge gained from this will help you to be less stopped in the future.

Stophunting, Project No. 9 starts

Supporting indicators for Project No.9

Basics in Stophunting

I wish you a successful trading week

best regards

--- 帖子 #1267 ---
Best good compared ever lol.

Why kill the "cows", otherwise they "give" "food" and then they took what they gave and more then that also the "milk" that the cows produce. ..

And all this with 99% of the cows have no ideia that this is happening.

--- 帖子 #1268 ---
I know you are right, no one can move the market against its position, but can move it in its favor; ... I still believe that hunting these areas can be profitable and also there is a chance that after the price (that I don't think that it can be exactly manipulated by anyone) hit a margin requirement area then it will return in a range again, or at least stay in a range.

How someone can calculate the margin maintenance reuirement of the E6?

--- 帖子 #1269 ---
Price manipulation

[quote=Js3mwtRc;12714467]{quote} I know you are right, no one can move the market against its position,

Hello Js3mwtRc,

In the area of price manipulation, the first step is always the decisive liquidity in the market. In addition to Stophunting, our new project sheds light on precisely this liquidity, which initiates interesting turnarounds. The hunt for liquidity continues until it is exhausted, after which a counter-trend begins. We will talk about these manipulations in more detail and see some examples.

To your question:

You do not need to perform cumbersome arithmetic operations with the calculator to see if you can afford a position from the margin or when that security will expire. All of this is done for you. Your order mask in the future, shows how high the margin must be for a particular position when you enter the order. If your free stock in the brokerage account is not sufficient, such an order will not be implemented at all. With a margin of $ 5,000 and equity of 10,000 euros, you would have $ 5,000 leeway, after which your broker would ask you to add capital to the account to replenish the margin. But a stop loss should always be used to protect the margin.

If you do not have a future account, you may be able to download an analysis tool from the Internet. It is a system for calculating the margin requirements for futures and options. Just look for "Span file" and make sure that there are no costs for this tool.

I hope that this will help you.

best regards

--- 帖子 #1270 ---
Hi Bionics, one question please, within the universe of forex instruments, futures, etc., with what criteria do you choose which one to trade? thanks

--- 帖子 #1271 ---
Thanks Bionics I will look for this tool.

I am waiting for the next blog, until then I wan't to leave a link here with the article I was reading, you may find it interesting and may help you in your future endeavours.

I have no intention to sell anything here, you can move this link anytime.

Link

--- 帖子 #1272 ---
Hi Folks

This blog just keeping getting better and better congrats to Michael for start the project and all mates that joined here on this very nice trip.

Good day to all

--- 帖子 #1273 ---
EURUSD

Hello Jusiur,

As I wrote to you on October 13th, I only trade EURUSD in the Forex market. I only use the futures data for my trading decisions.

Reply to Jusiur

The reason for this is that I have identified the EURUSD as the optimal currency pair for me. Here are some of my reasons:

The most efficient currency pair

I work with a total of 8 screens that are exclusively tailored to the EURUSD.

Inserted Video

The video is already 3 months old, the settings have already been changed completely. On 5 screens I get the essential information from the futures market Euro FX 6E and on 3 screens I get the information from the forex market EURUSD. The settings are very individual and tailored to my needs, so it would be too complex to adapt these settings to other currency pairs. Usually a successful trader doesn't need 8 screens, but I find it convenient to get all the important information at a glance without having to switch screens. Since I started working with future data and a special software for it, the existing screens seem to be no longer sufficient for me. In principle this is pure luxury, but once you have worked with it, you don't want to give it up. As a full-time trader, you should design your workplace so that you look forward to it every morning. And I am trading body and soul and I look forward to trading against the best traders in the world every day.

It is a very special profession that we can all be proud of.

I wish you a successful trading week

Michael

--- 帖子 #1274 ---
By all respect, do you need really such setup? I think this would my nightmare do trading as you post in the video.

My setup is like this and i am happy to reduce the information to a core, that give me a desicion point. Look here.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1275 ---
Nightmare

Hi Michael,

First of all, thank you for your very constructive contribution in our blog, so I would like to answer you in detail here. I am very pleased that you have reduced your trading decisions in the Forex market to the price after you yourself have refrained from your charts here.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

You once worked with these charts, what you probably today cannot understand yourself. So I was initially amazed that you posted such a statement on our blog. Incidentally, I have never worked with such forex charts, because my charts always only referred to supply and demand. It is perfectly fine and I am very happy if you have improved your setup over the years and are successful with it. On the other hand, what I don't think is okay is that you ridicule many FF traders, who work with indicators, on your blog and post their chart images, even though you yourself used such charts. That does not speak for a firm character, a fair together and is not exactly intelligent. You come to our blog and at the same time try to advertise your blog. This is completely understandable since 60% of your subscribers are on the ignore list. That would be a very important reason to think about why. You only can give yourself, this answer.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In our blog, no setup is posted, it is a project that we are currently working on and the charts that you call a nightmare relate to prop software that translates real stock market data. This stock market data is not comparable to forex data and is much more complicated to use. If you had dealt with the background of the stock market data, it would you also be clear.

Your comment reminds me of someone who knew everything better in the gym.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Please don't get me wrong, I don't want to insult you and don't want to get too close to you. I am very happy if you can handle your way of trading. But please don't be so  presumptuous to believe that only your way of trading is the only right way. In our blog we trade just like you, but we also see what happens inside a candle. Bid and Ask that hit the liquidity in the order book are the only reason for price movements and nothing else. And exactly this information is not available in your trade. Each trader has their own point of view on how the market works and I accept and appreciate your opinion, but I kindly ask you to accept other points of view without making them ridiculous. I may now be the No 44 candidate you ignore.

One can always have different opinions, but you should always treat each other fairly and respectfully. Maybe that could help you in your future life.

I wish you all the best from the bottom of my heart

best regards
Michael

--- 帖子 #1276 ---
Hi guys

As far as i am keeping reading the blog and get much familiar with the topics here(not full update yet with all topics(reading yet).

There are some points I would like to *try* to give some help as my experience allows me or not.

First Bionics and all mates here, sorry if this subject already was approach here... I did not get it there yet.

First I would like to congrats again Michael for the good work and all others that are here participating.

PS: Does not matter how many screens do you work with or how many data and info\intel do you use or need - In my experience IS HOW YOU USE AND HOW FAST CAN YOU PROCESS AND ACT WITH THE INFORMATION. (Just my opinion and experience).

My point is about DOM \ BID x ASK \ HETMAP (HEATMAP IS WHERE YOU CAN ''SEE'' THE MORE LIQUIDITY LEVEL ARE in resume words (DOM = Death of Market \ BID price = Is what the buyers are willing to pay for it at some level and the ASK price = is what the sellers are willing to take it( pay for it at some level).

I see these i can say almost every day people doing this: ''If the BID is higher then ASK they just buy because the price will up and if the contrary is going on they sell''...

Unfortunately this still happen and i guess will remains that way special in cases wich the person is start to into Financial Markets...

Just because the bid is higher then ask does not mean the price will go up if nobody buy or sell or even if they are buying AND selling the market can move sides and ''nothing'' happen.

Supply and Demand are very important as liquidity is, and yet a lot of things can happen or not....

''What do you mean by that?''

I mean if you are watching the DOM and HEATMAP for example you can lets say ''see'' where are big orders more liquidity and etc...

So if the market goes at some point that you believe is good Price/orders/liquidity etc... when goes there maybe can not be what you thought was lets say ''good'' cause the orders, liquidity etc... can be taken off from there... So What you are going to do ?

Once i heard a trader say: '' If you don't know why you are ''clicking to buy or sell'' then DON'T DO IT'' - Why ? Because the fact that you are putting your money at risk it is already a win.

Think if you are doing something that you don't know why and PUTTING YOUR MONEY at RISK, If you dont lost money it is alredy a win isn't?

For me it is.

Even If and when you have most chance that you are doing the right think and have all working ok, probability/chances etc... are with you, you can lost money right ? So imagine if you have no idea of why you are doing something? What are the chances of win this ? well i guess all know that answer right?

Just a few thoughts of my own. hope can help a few mates here.

About your tradestation Michael real cool. Liked.

I intend to work with more screens then you very soon lol.

Good work and great trades to all.

A lot of green to all

Dcrs

--- 帖子 #1277 ---
Future data

Hello Dcrs, hello dear subscriber,

First of all, thank you for your contribution and your views on the market. At first glance, the stock market data in the futures market are very simple, we have the price, the time, the volume and the liquidity. From this you can create bid and ask, the volume delta, footprint charts, the heat map, a volume profile, the DOM, the time and sales list and many more views. We have been dealing with these different representations for over a year and tried to implement the information available about them. The trick is to filter the data, compare it with each other and present it in such a way that it shows you exactly what is currently happening in the market. With my software, I am able to read this data very explicitly and present it effectively, but there is still a great challenge to see the market as I would like it to be. Since the market orders move the market, I initially thought that these orders are the decisive factor in the market. The opposite is true, however, because liquidity is the much more crucial factor. And strangely, we get the least information about it. I will write a detailed report on this at the weekend, so please be patient.

I only use the futures data passively because the forex market provides 100 times the liquidity, my security is highest in this market and the price movements are 5 times better graded. In the Forex market you can better recognize the currency strength, read out the price strength better and identify possible stops more precisely. The cash market is the lead wolf, however, apart from the price and the time, it does not provide the crucial information about what happens within a candle. And this information is the key to being more likely to get a competitive edge. And it is precisely this market advantage that decides between profit and loss.

Many traders believe that the market is very simple, but that is a big mistake. If this were the case, EA's would make above-average profits in all market phases in the long term and the big players would not invest billions of dollars in analysts, their IT technology, algorithms and their traders. In addition, not over 90% of all retail traders would lose their money in the long term. These are clear facts that should not be overlooked. Of course you can make money with a price chart, which I have practiced myself for over 10 years, but primarily because I acted during the accumulation and distribution phase, where the big players first had to collect their bid or ask. This strategy requires an experience of at least 5-7 years and and very few traders have this time. If you add the futures data in parallel, you can achieve your profitable trading much faster. The participants in the futures market have a 1: 6 chance, the participants in the forex market have a 1: 19 chance. This is primarily due to the existing data that is available.

The Forexcharts are ideal for identifying possible stops. Stops mean liquidity, which is the decisive factor for the Big Player.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

For this reason, I launched Project No.9 to identify this liquidity.

Stophunting, Project No. 9 starts

First of all, the idea was that the subscribers who want to participate in this project should look at these charts and first observe how the market reacts to these stops. We will then analyze individual charts to see what is happening in the market. When we have completed this project, we combine the information from the futures market with our knowledge in order to obtain an even better market advantage.

Thank you again for your kind words, I wish you and of course all subscribers a successful trade today.

best regards

Michael

--- 帖子 #1278 ---
Hello Michael

I agree with you 100% on this.

When you say your software you mean ATAS plaftorm?

I unfortunately have a few problems with my health lasts days but hope all be ok soon.

I want to contribute as much as I can with those projects here I really love order flow and combined with some things like PVSRA from Tah and all contributors of the project I really believe that sky is the "limit".

You can count with me any time and for any thing.

I started my studies into code C++, JAVA and Python.

Hope in the future can help me and others too.

Have a nice weekend buddy.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1279 ---
Programming languages

[quote=Dcrs;12721164]{quote} Hello Michael I agree with you 100% on this. When you say your software you mean ATAS plaftorm?

Hello Dcrs,

First of all, I wish you to get fit again quickly. Health is an important aspect because illness often costs a lot of time and suffering. A healthy person often has 1000 wishes, but a sick person has only one wish to get well quickly.

My prop software is the manufacturer you named and I don't want to advertise a specific product or broker here. I can only share my experiences, although this is not representative. There are many very good platforms in the field of prop software, the important thing is to find the platform that offers you the most advantages. And for that you should try different platforms.

There are different rankings for programming languages, but Java, Python and JavaScript remain by far the most popular programming languages. The rapid rise of Kotlin catches the eye. Especially when you consider that the language was only released in version 1.0 in early 2016. The inclusion of Kotlin in the rank of officially supported programming languages for Android and the popularity among Java developers certainly contributed to this. C and its derivatives C    and C # are also among the top 10 in the rankings. PHP, which is particularly suitable for web programming and can be embedded in HTML, should also be considered. PHP differs from client-side languages such as Javascript in that the code runs on the server and generates HTML output there that is sent to the client. The client only gets the result of the script execution, without being able to find out what the actual code looks like. Especially for newcomers, the use of PHP is extremely easy. With C   , JAVA and Python you have made a good selection, but learning 3 programming languages at the same time is a very big challenge that takes a lot of time.

If you want to contribute to our projects, I can give you a good tip. First work through this blog and mark the positions you want to study more closely. In this blog there is no system, but ideas for your own setup. Every trader has to create his own setup and it takes many years. Therefore, focus only on your personal goals because you are the main character in this game. From this knowledge you will be able to gain experience, implement it and bring yourself success. With this success, you can contribute to our projects by sharing your experience. But first I would consume and then get creative. Our project No. 9 is just the beginning of a long road. The markets change daily and our projects will adapt accordingly. Note that for family, health, trading, sleeping, leisure and further education are only available 24 hours a day.

I keep my fingers crossed that you have a very good time management, to make youself and your family happy.

best regards

Michael

--- 帖子 #1280 ---
Liquidity versus volume

Hello dear subscribers,

First of all I would like to describe our project No. 9 and 10 in more detail. So that you have an idea of what to expect, we first go a little deeper into the market.

Due to the different languages here at FF, there may be misunderstandings when translating this article, which I would be happy to explain or correct in detail. I do not claim to be free of errors. Today's contribution should not be understood as instruction or correct market presentation, but should only reflect my view of the market. We are in a project that is only used to generate market advantages. Before we take a closer look at Stophunting, I would like to address an important point that we have noticed in the past few days.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

As we know, price movements in the market result from the active market orders meeting the passive limit orders. On the left side we see the buy limit orders (point A) and on the right side the sell limit orders (point B). These orders represent liquidity in the market and are separated from each other by the spread ask and bid. Only through the limit orders alone will there be no market movement. The liquidity is in the market and is waiting for the market orders. As soon as a buy market orders comes into the market, it meets the sell limit orders (point B). You can read about how these market movements develop here.

Identification of the big players

The wrong truth?

Point C shows the cumulative sell market orders of the first ten levels in the DOM and Point D shows the cumulative buy market orders, which are each shown in lot. While there are 856 lots in the first ten stages of the sell market orders in the Euro FX market, this should be around 85,600 in the Forex market, since the Forex market is 100 times larger. However, this is only a rough estimate, since the actual Forex volume is only visible to the big players. At Point E we see spoofing in the area of the buy limit orders and at Point F the spoofing of the sell limit orders. This shows how many limit orders are added or subtracted. At Point G we see the total volume on the left and next to it the number of trades that were responsible for this volume. On the right side of the chart is the Times and Sales list, with the display of Level I + II. The individual market orders run in from top to bottom under the name "Vol". At Point H we recognize 11 and 21 lots that came onto the market. These are cumulative orders that are summarized within a thousandth of a second and disguise their actual size. At point I we see the strength of the liquidity at the time of execution.

First of all, I would like to take a closer look at the cumulative orders. A cumulative order is a large order that is divided into small pieces and is difficult to recognize in the DOM. It is broken down into smaller orders by an automated program to hide the actual orders amount. Another advantage that arises from this: By hiding their volume, this orders reduces possible strong price movements, as well as the change in supply and demand. This means that a big player with a large volume comes onto the market without the other participants noticing. In principle it is also a kind of iceberg orders, however the correct iceberg orders are placed in the limit.

Let's look at a specific example of the cumulative orders.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The advantage of the bid and ask display in a 1 tick chart (point A) is that each tick can be produced by a maximum of one market participant. First of all, I would like to clear up a general misunderstanding. In the lower chart we see a representation of bid and ask. At first glance, it looks like it's an indicator. However, the volume is not an indicator; like the price, it is a fixed part of trading and, unlike indicators, does not have to be offset. This representation is processed from the current real-time data of the exchange, so such a representation is not available for the MT4 in the Forex market. In the chart we see a 40 lot order, this 40 lot could only have been placed by one market participant. However, it is difficult to identify cumulative orders in a 1-tick chart.

At Point B we see the time and sales list at that time. If the individual orders are not displayed cumulatively, it is almost impossible to keep a close eye on the rapidly falling numbers. However, you have the option of accumulating the order within the time and sales list and sorting it within a thousandth of a second. This allows you to initially identify cumulative orders. For a rough overview, you can use a small trick by opening a 1 second chart. In the charts at Point C we can see that over 400 lot bids have entered the market within 2 seconds. Then I would have to look explicitly at the cumulative time and sales list to see exactly what happened there.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

For the identification of the cumulative orders, I first put together my own presentation. At point A we see the non-cumulative market sell order, this is a market order that is visible to all participants in the market. Point B shows the cumulative orders between 10 and 20 lots, Point C the cumulative orders between 20 and 30 lot and Point D the cumulative orders from 31 lot. On the far left we see the spread tape showing the delta and on the far right the accumulated market orders divided by ask and bid. In the DOM we see the limit orders, the cumulative spoofing and the processed market orders. With the respective times, I am able to recognize whether cumulative orders come into the market one after the other in a certain rhythm. In addition, I work with acoustic tones that inform me immediately as soon as large, cumulative orders appear. The tones differ between bid and ask, which is a great help that I can recommend to everyone.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The two most popular tools in volume trading are the volume profile and the footprintchart, let's start with the volume profile. This representation is initially much better than a price chart in Forex, because it is not about indicators, but the volume that is a fixed part of trading and does not have to be calculated first. First, the volume shows the number of contacts traded in a certain period or at a certain price. In the charts we see three decisive factors: on the left the horizontal volume of the entire contract, in the M 30 candles the horizontal volume at each price level and at the bottom the volume delta, i.e. the net result from bid and ask. This allows you to determine within a candle where the highest volume has taken place. There are an infinite number of theories and approaches for deriving trading decisions from them, but these are too imprecise for me. The first point is that a volume contains both bid and ask. This shows me that at this moment a lot of buyers and sellers have met and that this price level could be an important zone. However, deriving further courses from this is a major challenge in my view, since I have to work with unclear information. If after a large volume, the price keeps going up, it doesn't necessarily mean that it will remain bullish. The much more crucial point is liquidity and we cannot see this liquidity in this presentation. Basically a very good alternative to forex data, but in my view much too imprecise and too slow.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The footprint charts have become more important in recent years because you have the opportunity to look into the individual price levels of a candle. However, we initially only see the executed market orders in this footprint chart. It is advantageous that you can filter the imbalance in bid and ask in orders to identify the more aggressive market participants. At point A, I once highlighted the more aggressive market participants, but this is not concrete help to derive a trade from it. Resistance zones are often drawn based on the imbalance, which I can only advise against.

We know that a purchase will only take place if there is a seller at the same time. A market order can only enter the market if it meets a limit order at the same time. The footprint chart shows the bid order on the left and the ask order on the right. If a number appears in the footprint chart, it also means that this market order has triggered a limit order. A buy market order can be the purchase of the euro or the sale of the dollar. When I go short in EURUSD, I buy the dollar first. I need Bid for that. Of course, I also sell the euro at the same time. When I get out of my position, I sell the dollar and need Ask. For this, however, someone has to be willing to take my ask from me. That means there must be market participants who believe that the dollar will continue to fall. If there is no buyer, the price goes up and reduces my profit.

I swapped the color of the Bid and Ask in the footprint chart below, as a sell market order (bid) meets a buy limit order (ask). At point B we see that a 14 lot sell market orders (bid) triggered a total of 14 lot ask in the buy limit orders. Point C shows an 18 lot buy market orders (ask) that triggered a total of 18 lots in the sell limit orders. And that's exactly the problem. We can see the market orders in the footprint chart, but not the triggered limit orders. And it is precisely this aspect that is an excellent opportunity for big players to enter the market unnoticed.

The footprint chart can be used well to optimally display the market orders coming into the market. This is a bit more complex in DOM, since the market orders always refer to at least one day. In order to have a good overview, you have to delete the old market orders in the DOM so that the new orders are clearly displayed again. So the footprint chart has a certain justification for me, but from a completely different perspective.

Absorption

Absorption is the magic word, but it is a fallacy to believe that absorption is always so strong that it slows down the price and keeps it at a price level for a long time. We'll look at a few examples in a moment. Let's stay with absorption. First of all, we know that the market orders eat into the limit orders. If the liquidity of the sell limit orders is low and the buyers of the buy market orders are very aggressive, the sell limit orders are literally eaten up and the price goes up. Suddenly the upward course is stopped. There are two options for this: either the active market orders become weaker or the passive limit orders become stronger. If the passive limit orders get stronger, you can not see that in the DOM in most cases. You can see that spoofing is counting up, but in principle only the maximum ask that the market orders provides can be absorbed. How does it work in practice? As soon as the price reaches a certain price level, the algorithms of the big players start to push new limit orders again and again. The total visible amount of the limit orders does not change. However, you can see that the executed market orders count up while the price is not moving up. What makes things more difficult, however, is that absorption rarely takes place at one price level, but at several. There are two reasons for this. If a price stayed at a price level even though buyers are very aggressive, buyers would eventually realize that something was wrong and might get out. This would end the absorption and the price would run down due to the many dropouts. In principle, the art is that buyers don't realize that they're being absorbed. This attracts other buyers, who can then be absorbed in peace. The more buyers come into the market, the better. If the price is then suddenly pushed down, the entire longtrader stops are triggered and the price continues to accelerate downwards.

The price is solely the result of liquidity, volume and time. This is a crucial point that is very important. This is proof that the price has nothing to do with the value of a currency. The problem in the forex market is that we don't get volume and liquidity data there. How should I solve this equation with the price and the time alone? This automatically means that price indicators don't work and actually don't help us. When I work with the price in Forex, I deal with the effect without knowing the cause. The high loss rates of retail traders show where this leads.

For me, time is an absolute side aspect, volume is decisive and liquidity is even more crucial. Resistance zones are only important for retail traders, they do not exist for big players. Absorption via passive liquidity creates resistance zones that the big players never pay attention to because they create them themself. In an accumulation and distribution phase, however, that's another story. There, the resistance zones have clear authorization to collect the required ask or bid. However, they are always created by the big players in order to present a wrong picture of supply and demand.

In order to be profitable within a sideways phase, one should be a scalper and at the same time accept higher fees from the broker. In these phases, the support and resistance zones work as long as you stay within this zone. If you try to trade in the outbreak, you will fail in most cases. This has been my great luck in recent years since I was tradingwith theprice in the equilibrium.

Retail traders usually enter the market with a limit or market order, and profitable exit usually takes place through an immediate closing of the position (market order) or with a take profit (buy / sell limit order). A stopploss is also a market order. The big players cannot buy their large positions immediately, so they collect their positions in the form of cumulative orders. Different order types and algorithms are used, such as MOC, LOC, OCA, MTL, FOK, IOC and many more. In order to push the price strongly in one direction, the big players also work with market orders, provided that there is sufficient liquidity on the market. However, you can create this liquidity yourself beforehand by pretending to the market that the price is going down. As a result, more traders position themselves on the sell limit side and the big players can buy into the strong liquidity with their market orders. I'll show you equal a specific example, from last Friday. As I have noticed, these movements are usually not so sustainable. It is interesting, however, that many sellers actually drive the price up because they provide the big players with enough ask.

In slide # 3 we can see a lot of cumulative market orders, but my guess is that most of these cumulative market orders do not come from the big players. I believe that most big players use limit orders to get in and out as this guarantees the best price. Now everyone will ask, how can you move the market with limit orders? Answer: Not at all, because that is not necessary at first. Let's take a closer look at the market first. The strong movements make up only about 25% of the market, while the market moves in a sideways phase in about 75% of the time. This means that the big players deal with getting in and out 75% of the time and use 25% of the time to push the course in a certain direction. However, this statement can only be made across the board, as there are different market situations.

If the big players with limit orders absorb the market orders of institutional and retail traders, no software can actually determine this. This is a classic iceberg order. We only see the market order, but we know that they activate a limit order at the same time. If the big players absorb the market orders with their limit orders, they must pay attention to the following. The limit orders in the DOM must not be noticeable, so algorithms always have to push new limit Orders unnoticed and at the same time make sure that the market does not stall. This means that the big players primarily need as many market orders as possible at one price level. And where can you find them? Answer: In triggered stops. That is exactly why the big players concentrate on Stophunting. There, large quantities of market orders are released within seconds, which you only have to collect. And it is exactly this collection that takes place in secret, so that most market participants do not even realize what is happening there.

Now there is only one challenge for the big players, that is the queue for order execution. In the market, all orders are executed according to the "first come, first served" principle. So you line up in a queue and wait for its execution. If you place a limit order shortly before a possible execution, there is a high probability that you will have to queue up. Due to the market conditions, the big players place their limit orders in the market early, sometimes an hour beforehand. As soon as other market participants delete limit orders at this price level, they immediately add new limits. This ensures in most cases that the big players are the first in the queue. This is even more dramatic in the forex market because 12 banks control 85% of the market. You can guess three times who is always the first in the queue. For us retail traders above an ECN broker, this is less of a problem, since enough liquidity or bid and ask are available to be executed immediately. Execution problems can only occasionally occur in very volatile phases.

The goal of a trader is to look at the order flow in the market to see how the price responds to it. This automatically results in a market advantage and this market advantage leads to a higher probability of winning. In my opinion, with order flow or volume, we are unable to learn the truth about the current situation in the market. In 75% of the time, the Big Player with Limit Orders come into play, which we cannot see properly with the best software. But there is still a way to see the order flow in the right context. I would like to refer to slide 3 again, where we can identify cumulative market orders. If these cumulative market orders were not initiated by a big player, there is only one possible explanation for it. Most of these cumulative market orders are triggered stops, by institutional and retail traders. This provides enough bit and ask so that the big players can fill their limit orders. We know that someone accepts this market order, but the total volume of an iceberg order is still hidden from us. To find out whether the cumulative orders are market orders from a big player or triggered stops, we need 5 important representations. The DOM, the time and sales list, an overview of the cumulative market orders, a heat map and a forex chart where we identify the possible stops.

Let's start with the stop identification and take a closer look at the last trading day on Friday.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The card shows the EURUSD in M5 from 07:00 to 19:00 CET from the last trading day on Friday. The price was in a downward trend to point A and then changed direction. The traders who managed to get into the price relatively early were spared from the first return to point B, but some have already been stopped here. The price reached a new high at point C and prompted many traders to put suit their stops at point B. From point C there was a stronger return to point D. Most short traders were only able to get in the middle of this movement. In the course of the price at point D, many traders who hoped for a long, at point C were stopped. First of all, we notice that price levels A and D are almost identical. It seems like a resistance zone that could not be broken. Added to this, the fact that the price had not formed a new low caused many traders to continue betting on a long trade. With the move to point F, these long traders were removed from the market. After, the price went to point G, trying to stop the short traders or reduce their profits. The price movements to point H were again a masterpiece of the stop hunting strategy. Point I clearly shows again that this zone is a strong resistance zone that cannot be broken. The course of zone J has also tried to catapult the last long traders out of the market.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Let us now consider the course of the euro FX in a slightly different way. This is a heat map, in combination with cumulative and non-cumulative market orders. A heat map is suitable for making liquidity changes from the Dom visible in the chat. The minimum and maximum liquidity can be individually filtered to make it easier to identify larger limits. If the volume is above the minimum or maximum volume, the price level is shown in proportion to the volume. In connection with the cluster search, you can, for example, filter how much of the touched limit orders were actually executed, in order to identify fake orders. I decided not to do this now, because we will go into more detail in our project 10.

At point A we see green lines that show the liquidity of the buy limit orders in this overview. The red lines at point B show the liquidity of the sell limit orders. The green circles at point C show the cumulative buy market orders and the green triangles are the cumulative buy market orders. At point D we see a large red circle, which represents an accumulated sell market orders, a red triangle is an unaccumulated sell market orders. In this overview of 12 hours in a 1 second chart, you can of course not exactly recognize the individual liquidity, so we zoom in a little closer to see the presentation a little better.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

First of all we see how the price is pushed down a little more and at point A the triggered stops are absorbed by the liquidity. At point B we see that there is still strong liquidity in the market. In principle, this is a safeguard for the big players because they do not know exactly how many stops there are in the market. When stops are triggered, a kind of chain reaction occurs, with each stop (sell market orders) pushing the price further down.

This liquidity that we see here in the market should absorb further stops in an emergency. We can clearly see that even the big players cannot always accurately assess a market. After that, the market went up again and we can already see that liquidity is building up early to intercept the buy market orders (short trader stops) at point C. At point D, too, there was increased liquidity in the buy limit area, which ultimately pushed the price up.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

First of all, at point A we see a strong zone in the area of liquidity in order to intercept possible stops of the short traders. At Point B, we see buy limit orders absorb the market sell orders, but this may have been a partial sale in dollars. However, this situation did not justify a strong upward price trend. At point C there were further exits from the dollar but no typical absorption to buy the euro. Finally, a very strong absorption took place at point D, the strong liquidity at point E was an additional security to absorb further bid. The price then went up and we see at Point F that the big players are absorbing the stops of the short traders and pushing the price up. In addition, some cumulative buy market orders also came in. From point G, there is greater liquidity on the sell limit side to realize partial sales. Between points G and H, more buyers enter the market, while the big players partially hold their positions. There was no clear indication of a stronger decline.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

At Point A we see how the big players with strong sell limit orders buy into the stops of the short traders. The price initially runs down to Point B. We first recognize that the stops of the long traders are triggered, but very little of it is absorbed by the big players. For me that was a clear indication that the price could continue to go down. Of course there was a little stop run again and then the course was pushed down. Let us first look at point D, there was a lot of absorption and the zone had already been defined 15 minutes beforehand. The course jumped down a bit due to the stop run, but was well intercepted by the big players. First the price was pushed up again and there was another small stop run to point F. There we can clearly see that a large player with strong market orders came into the market. At the same time, there was a strong resistance zone in the form of strong liquidity on the sell limit side. This should show retail traders that the upward price will not get through. Many traders fell for it and entered into a short trade. When the course got to the strong limit orders, it was deleted and the course was pushed up sharply. The stops of the short traders (market ask) led to further upward movements.

Conclusion:

In combination with the Cluster Search, the heat map is ideal for finding out what is currently happening in the market. In addition, the DOM, the time and sales list, an overview of the cumulative market orders and a stop identification should be used. Of course, this approach is not a holy grail either, but in combination with the other information, you can already work out a small market advantage. Another interesting aspect is a kind of swing trading, where you trade with the big players from stop to stop. In the heat map you can see how strong these stops are in individual cases. This procedure is particularly interesting if you can identify the stops of the individual traders beforehand. And the Forex Chart is very suitable for this stop identification. I hope that with this detailed contribution I was able to describe Project Nos. 9 and 10 in a little more detail. First of all, it is important to familiarize yourself with stophunting in our project No. 9. As soon as we have extensive experience in this area, Project 10 will focus on what exactly happens in the market if these stops are caught. The big players will always run in zigzag lines from stop to stop to get the necessary liquidity. Those who are able to identify these stops beforehand can achieve significantly better profits in the Forex market without future data. That is the first step we will take.

I hope I was able to motivate you a little to participate in this project and I am very happy if you join.

I wish you a nice weekend and from tomorrow a successful trading week

best regards

Michael

--- 帖子 #1281 ---
Hey Bionics... This is for sure the most informative thread around..... I do like to read your detailed posts with high quality information...

All the best

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1282 ---
Hello, Bionics!

I've readed almost half of your thread and noticed that you have a deeply knowledge about your trading system and style. It would be grateful if you share some information about how successful this method and how much it brings to you in yearly/monthly perspective (%)?

I don't ask about strong proofs or etc. I'll believe of your words.

Thanks for your time,

Wish the best.

Patrician

--- 帖子 #1283 ---
Quality information

Hello Patje,

I am very pleased that you are following this blog so closely and have such a good opinion about it. It is crucial that this information also helps you to achieve your personal goals. For me, the last post was a big, time-consuming challenge and, in my opinion, is one of the most important statements in this blog. As I wrote, liquidity is the key and while writing this post over the weekend, I got an infinite amount of ideas on how to make this liquidity even clearer in the future. It will be a crucial factor for our future projects.

I wish you a successful trading week

best regards

Michael

--- 帖子 #1284 ---
Income and earnings

[quote=REPatrician;12722801]Hello, Bionics! I've readed almost half of your thread and noticed that you have a deeply knowledge about your trading system and style.

Hello Patrician,

First of all a warm welcome to our blog and I am very pleased that you are dealing with it in more detail. First of all, it's understandable that some traders would like to know what a long-standing trader deserves. No matter what the answer would be, it wouldn't help you. If the long-standing trader remained silent, it would be proof that he doesn't earn much. If he called a large sum, you wouldn't believe him and it would attract envy at the same time. The most traders lying, about their income in the trading business.. In reality, 90% of all traders lose their money and quit within 3-5 years. Even trade explorers or trading quotas are faked nowadays to advertise for a own system. I don't want to sell anything here, offer trainings, or trade with other capital. I only live from trading.

When I started trading, I also lost the first few years, but that was only a few $ 1,000 I could afford. I've been trading for over 10 years now and I'm doing fine. I have created my setup with which I trade in many years and unfortunately one cannot copy it. If one tried to copy it, the results would probably be sobering. For me, this blog was created solely as a kind of trader's diary to optimize my personal setup. The markets change daily and those who stop developing in this profession are quickly disappear by the market. Further development, together with like-minded people is my only intention in this blog.

I myself do not trade with any system and my setup changes regularly to adapt to current market changes. For this reason, you will not find a system in this blog, but only ideas with which you can create your own setup. Take what you think is good and leave out what you don't like. The information is free of charge. For this reason, it doesn't really matter whether I make a very lot of money every day or just make money.

I am convinced that you will find many good ideas for your personal development in this blog. In my last report you will find crucial key information that will significantly increase your chances of winning if you implement it.

Liquidity versus volume

I keep my fingers crossed that you will achieve the goals you want in the future.

Best regards

Michael

--- 帖子 #1285 ---
It's much appreciated all the time and effort you put in the thread and share this with the community... Everything you say makes perfect sense and your look at the market is brilliant.... I even come to a point where I am considering futures data... It's exactly how you said that everyone should take what they need from here and thats what I do.... Please keep on sharing your insights.. I will be around for sure...

Have a good...

Salut

--- 帖子 #1286 ---
Hello Bionics

I'm appreciated of your great responce, thank you. Waiting for new posts.

Wish you the best,

Patrician

--- 帖子 #1287 ---
View of the market

Hello Patje,

Basically, every market participant has their own views of how the market works. These views are often different, which is why the market is moving. I do not claim that my market views are always correct, but I am pleased that you share my opinion in many areas. It is crucial that you generate an advantage for yourself from this. Of course, I will continue to share my views. We will go into more detail about the effective stophunting of the big players this week. I already published a crucial example in my last post.

Liquidity versus volume

For the time being, futures data is not necessary.

I wish you continued success

Michael

--- 帖子 #1288 ---
@Bionics

Hello Michael,

I´m far away from having that much of expeience than you have. I`ve read most of your inside views on the market.

Please allow me to ask if I understood most things ok.

1. Market moves are almost driven by interest of the BIG Players. So..we should try to follow the money.(I have problems to see want theyy want)

2. There is no real support/resistance or supply/ demand we can rely on.

3. There is no such thing like oversold/overbought in the market.

4. Without enough volume there will be no reliable price moves.

5. Well known patterns/candlestick formations are seen by the big players as well and used to" hunt "our money.

I could contine by adding a lot more of wrong thinkings by us Retail Traders. That`s the reason why we often loose.

We need an excellent money management to survive in that business.

To be honest..I will have problems creating a system where I can put all your knowledge in.

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1289 ---
Crucial market analysis

[quote=baxter01;12727589]@Bionics Hello Michael, I´m far away from having that much of expeience than you have. I`ve read most of your inside views on the market. Please allow me to ask if I understood most things ok.

Hello baxter01,

I warmly welcome you to us and I am pleased that this blog is of interest to you. My many years of experience are based solely on my own assumptions and are very likely not to represent the market as it actually is. Therefore, I can only answer your questions within the framework of my views, which may differ from other opinions. Every opinion about the market has its justification, because even a watch that has stopped shows the correct time twice a day. The aim of every retailer is to be able to read the right time on this watch as often as possible. I would like to comment on your questions.

1. Market movements are almost driven by the interest of the BIG players. So ... we should try to follow the money. (I'm having trouble seeing what they're up to.)

85% of the Forex market turnover is generated by 12 banks, so it is imperative that these big players move the market in their favor. It is therefore perfectly understandable that institutional traders and retail traders are trying to follow these movements. However, this is a very big challenge, since most of the big players' entries and exits occur through limit orders that cannot be identified in the market. These are the well-known iceberg orders, which are used to a large extent to hide the true intentions. To fill their limit orders, the big players need a large amount of market orders. The big players find the largest number of market orders in the area of stops, since these stops are usually at similar price levels. Of course, a distinction must be made between scalper, day trader and swing trader. The big players also work with market orders to push the price in their desired direction or trigger stops. If the stops of other market participants are caught, stops trigger a chain reaction first and the price moves strongly up or down. The big players either use this movement to steer the price in their direction or they absorb these stops (market orders) with their limit orders. The key is to always see this approach in the right context of the market and that is indeed the biggest challenge. This contribution will help you.

Liquidity versus volume

2. There is no real support / resistance or supply / demand that we can rely on.

Basically, you have to know that the big players themselves do not consider any resistance zones because they create them themselves. If a price goes down and bounces two or three times at a certain resistance zone, the retail trader is signaled that this is a strong zone that cannot be broken. Many assume, that the big players in this zone have absorbed market orders in order to push the price up sharply. This causes many traders to build a long position (ask). This ask is now absorbed by the big players unnoticed and they push the price down. This triggers the stops of the long traders, creating a chain reaction and breaking the fake resistance zone. Most traders are out of the market and are now betting on a short position. These short positions are used by the big players to get out of their positions.

More sellers enter the market and the price continues to fall. In this phase, the big player starts collecting ask again and then pushes the price up. If the big players were unable to collect enough ask or bid, an equilibrium is created first. Within this equilibrium, the big player is as tame as a lion who has just eaten a gazelle. The course is driven back and forth within a range to collect ask or bid in peace. To trade this range successfully, you should be a scalper and get out of your position relatively quickly in order to trade the range. Since I have not worked earlier with future data before, this was a successful approach for me.

3. There is no overbought / oversold product on the market.

For example, the RSI is a standard indicator that was developed back in the 1970s. For the selected time horizon within different periods, the sum of the period rate winners and the period rate losses is calculated. The two sums are then compared to each other and thus measure the inner strength of a trend compared to itself. Values above 70 are classified as overbought and values below 30 are classified as oversold. This oscillator is calculated from the price. The price is solely the result of liquidity, volume and time. This is a crucial point that is very important. This is proof that the price has nothing to do with the value of a currency. The problem in the Forex market is that we don't get volume and liquidity data there. How do you want to be able to calculate volume and liquidity solely from the price? When I work with a price indicator, I deal with the effect without knowing the cause. In addition, a price indicator is always lagging behind the price itself. A lot of back tests have been carried out with the RSI, although the profit rates were not convincing due to the spreads and broker costs. Since the market is not based on price, but only on volume and liquidity, there can be no overbought or oversold for me. But that's just my opinion.

4. Without sufficient volume, there are no reliable price movements.

The market consists of only two factors. This is liquidity in the form of limit orders and bid and ask in the form of market orders. Both factors are needed to cause a market movement. A market order can only enter the market if there is liquidity in the form of a limit order. I described detailed examples in my blog.

Identification of the big players

The wrong truth?

5. Known patterns / candle formations are also seen and used by the big players to "chase" our money.

First of all, candle patterns like the Doji are a pure coincidence of the times. You can see this at the latest when you work with a tick chart. As soon as you change a few ticks, the doji suddenly disappears. It is the same with candle formations. The big players only run from stop to stop to collect their necessary bid and ask. This creates candle patterns or candle formations that big players like to use to mislead traders. In addition to the RSI, MACD, Fibonacci, the 200 EMA is also often used by the big players, as many traders orientate themselves to it.

You write that many retailers have wrong thoughts, but this is primarily because the industry and brokers, with their indicators, have just started these wrong thoughts. The retailer is not at fault here. Both the big players and many brokers win if we lose, so why should you tell the truth to retailers when an entire industry lives on it. It's the same as in the medical field. I am convinced that we could have put a cancer drug on the market long ago, but the industry is making billions from chemotherapy, why should they change it?  It will only change when the pressure on the industry becomes so great that it has to move.

That a very good money management in the Forex market decides about long-term success is absolutely correct. You can find some good examples in my blog.

Easy increase in trading efficiency!

You write that you have problems creating a system from all this information. Unfortunately, I have to tell you that there will never be a long-term profitable system. This is simply because the limit orders of the big players are invisible. And that is exactly the decisive factor. How do you want to build a system with information that is not available at all? Here the human being has an advantage over the machine with his feelings. Based on his experience, he is able to cancel his trade immediately while the machine is running in the stop loss. Of course, the big players can be supported in the form of algorithms to bring the necessary limit orders or market orders to the market. They can also be given information about when the highest probability of winning can be expected. But the main decisions are still made by people. That is why billions are invested in analysts, market observers and traders. It is like in Formula 1 racing, you can build the best Formula 1 cars, but in the end the racer decides whether to succeed or not.

Many traders have a habit of closing a trade too soon or leaving it in the red for too long. However, this can be optimized with years of training. Trading is a profession like a doctor, notary or lawyer, that's why you can earn so much. However, you also need a lot of time to study and experience in practice. Time is a decisive factor here, which unfortunately can only be shortened with the right knowledge.

And that's exactly what we want to advance in this blog. A crucial point is the Stophunting, which we are currently dealing with. Perhaps these ideas and insights can provide you with interesting aspects. If the information helps you, read this blog. Any idea you get can help you move forward.

Michael Jordan was once asked why he enjoys defending the ball so well? Thereon he replied, that he cannot play basketball, when the other has the ball. Maybe we also have to develop such a passion for our profession.

I wish you all the best and I would be happy if this blog can help you in the future.

Lovely wishes

Michael

--- 帖子 #1290 ---
@Bionics

Hello Michael,

first of all I have to say a big big thank you for commenting all of my remarks.

I understood all of them (I hope..) and as a result of that we have the best explanation

why so many retail traders fail.

From my point of view a very interesting question came up to my mind.

You said that there are the 12 big players driving the market but they also fight each other.

The money they put into the ring is much more than  that of the retailers.

So..how do we identify the winner(s) and how to follow them???

My experience is that of a trend-follower with let me say "medium" success.

I don`t use too thight stoplosss-settings and have a strict money management system.

Thak you very much ...and all the best!!

--- 帖子 #1291 ---
Big player

[quote=baxter01;12729490]@Bionics Hello Michael, first of all I have to say a big big thank you for commenting all of my remarks.

Hello baxter01,

The foreign exchange market is the largest financial market in the world with global daily sales of approximately $ 6.6 trillion in 2019. (BIS, Bank for International Settlements on September 19, 2019) Almost 2 trillion US dollars are traded daily in EURUSD alone, and and the big players in the markets also meet. Of course, large banks have already been fined billions in the past (participation in a foreign exchange cartel), which is precisely why the European Commission is watching the big players even more closely. EBS Markets maintains an anonymized central forex order book, which can be used in the event of suspicion to check irregularities. I do not believe that the European Commission alone is able to uncover all irregularities, but I do not want to follow a global cartel idea at this point. First of all, the banks act on behalf of their major customers and also cover themselves with their own business. The largest big players have had experience in the Forex market since 1978, which, besides their capital, is their greatest advantage over the smaller institutional traders and retail traders. In addition to currency transactions, there are endless other types of trading, such as swaps, metals, raw materials, stocks, indices, which the big banks take care of. There are rumors, that the market is only moved by one great power, but I see it completely differently. The big players immediately recognize through their experience in trading whether another big player is in the market and what he is up to. Either they act together now, or they look for other markets, but this often depends on the customer orders. First and foremost, the big players win around $ 400 million a day, which they take from the smaller institutional traders and retail traders. This means that the big players are more likely to struggle with the smaller institutional traders than with themselves. Due to the fact that the big players generally use limit orders for their entry and exit, the anonymity of their intentions is initially preserved. Another point are the different strategies that are used. When two big players fight with each other and the course goes down afterwards, that doesn't mean that you should bet on a downward trend. The winner might just want to push the course down for a Stophunting to get a better start for a long position. A price always consists of zigzag patterns because the big players need the necessary market orders for their liquidity. Therefore, the identification of the stops is a crucial key point in this market segment. With my software, I am currently checking the identification of limit orders using different filters and display options. The first ideas and partial successes have already been effected. This will be a central topic in our project No. 10. But first we will deal specifically with Stophunting, as this will be a decisive advantage for most of our subscribers who deal with Forex data.

I wish you a successful trading day

Best regard

Michael

--- 帖子 #1292 ---
Follow Smart Money !!!

Stoprun, Stophunting, Stopfishing

Hello dear subscribers,

85% of turnover in the Forex market is generated by 12 banks, so it is essential that these big players move the market in their favor. It is also perfectly understandable that retail traders are trying to follow these big players. This is a big challenge at first, but it can be achieved with the right strategy. We'll see some examples of this today. In order to follow a big player, you first have to know exactly how it works and what happens. First of all, the way big players work differs from retail traders in almost all areas.

Let's take a closer look at the differences:

Big players move the market because they often work with a few hundred thousand lots in Forex. Retail traders can rarely move the price in Forex (EURUSD) by 1/10 pip, since an average of approximately 1,200 lots are required for this.

Retail traders can enter and exit the market immediately. Since the big players work with very large positions, they are unable to bring their positions directly into the market. You are forced to look for a suitable volume. For this reason, the big players rely on collecting ask or bid in the sideways phases that is made available by a wide variety of market participants. In an accumulation phase, Ask is collected to push the price up in the medium term, while in the distribution phase bid is collected to push the price down in the medium term. Therefore, a trader should always analyze what happens within an equilibrium.

Market orders are transactions that should be executed as quickly as possible at the current market price, a limit order specifies the maximum or minimum price at which you want to buy or sell. Most retail traders work with market orders for their entries and exits, while the big players execute their entries and exits almost exclusively with limit orders, so they usually get the best price.

Most retail traders work with stops, while the big players do without them or at most work with hedge strategies.

Big players often let their big positions run up to 50 pip down before they push the price up or down again. Most retail traders are already in the stop loss.

Big players buy in a falling market and sell in a rising market. The retail trader buys in rising markets and sells in falling markets.

Retail traders are guided by resistance zones that are initiated by the big players.

The price arises from the volume, liquidity and time. Big players work with volume and liquidity, while the retail trader works with price and time.

Retail traders work with indicators to make a profit, the big players only work with indicators to see where you can take the most money from the retail trader.

Big players are more like day traders or swing traders and focus on the medium-term area, while many retail traders are more short-term oriented.

Big players have a professional technique with special algorithms, employ top analysts, traders and mainly deal with outside money. Retail traders own a PC with a mediocre internet connection and often trade with money that they need to live.

Retail traders are looking for inside information, big players are the insider because they know exactly what will happen next. It is not rumors, news or meetings that determine the market, but exclusively the strategies of the big players.

These are the major differences between big players and retail traders. You can only face an opponent if you know his weaknesses exactly. Than we can take a advantage of this. What is the biggest weakness of big players?

The big players are not able to bring their positions directly into the market, they are forced to collect large volumes in sideways phases (equilibrium). Since most of the big players' entries and exits occur through limit orders, they need market orders. This means that the big players primarily need as many market orders as possible at one price level. And where can you find them? Answer: In triggered stops. That is exactly why the big players concentrate on Stophunting. There, large quantities of market orders are released within seconds, which you only have to collect. And it is exactly this collection that takes place in secret, so that most market participants do not even realize what is happening there. These are the well-known iceberg orders that are used so that no big price jumps occur and to hide the true intentions.

If the stops of the other market participants are caught, the stops first trigger a chain reaction and the price moves strongly up or down. The big players either use this movement to steer the price in their direction or they absorb these stops (market orders) with their limit orders. In addition, the unpleasant market participants are removed from the market, which could disrupt the actual price development. The key is to always see this approach in the right context of the market and that is indeed the biggest challenge.

About 15% of the total turnover in the Forex market is secured with stops, which are almost exclusively institutional and retail traders. In the order book you can see the market order and the limit order, but not the stops and it is exactly these stops that exert a magical attraction on the big players. What many do not even know, this stophunting takes place permanently in the market. In principle, this is not bad will on the part of the big players when they shoot market players out of the market.

The big players are always looking for liquidity. The $ 400 million the big players earn every day is largely the result of stophunting. In addition to scalpers, there are also day traders and swing traders up to the very long-term position traders. It is clear that we have to start from different stop sizes. For this reason, it is important to recognize where the individual stops of the traders are. As soon as you identify these stops, you can use it to estimate a further course of the course. With pure Forex data, it is theoretically possible to improve the probability of winning on the basis of identified stops.

First and foremost, a price always consists of Zigzag patterns because the big players need the necessary market orders for their liquidity. Therefore, the identification of the stops is a crucial key point in this market segment. We have to keep in mind that retail traders are following stops, making it easier for big players to achieve this liquidity (stops) faster with a counter trend.

Absorption via passive liquidity creates resistance zones that the big players never pay attention to because you create them yourself. If a price goes down and bounces two or three times at a certain resistance zone, the retail trader is signaled that this is a strong zone that cannot be broken. Most support and resistance zones have been initiated, so you always have to ask yourself why the big player created this zone.

A big advantage for the big players is the fact that retail traders follow trends, even though there are actually no trends. A trend is described as a particularly profound and sustainable course development. For me, a trend is just a price trend that can develop in the opposite direction at any time. You can discuss trends forever, and there will always be different views. An upward trend is identified if ever higher highs and higher lows are formed in the price trend. Downward trends are identified when steadily falling lows and constantly falling highs are formed in the price trend. Big players know these rules very well and use them to obtain the necessary volume. In order to study this procedure in more detail, we first work with 3 auxiliary indicators, which you can find here with a template for the MT4.

Supporting indicators for Project No.9

Let's start with my interpretation of a course in the EURUSD M15. I would like to note that this is an interpretation. Interpretation (Latin interpretatio "interpretation, translation, explanation") means in the general sense the understanding or the subjectively regarded as plausible interpretation of something given or at least something existing. This is only my view of the market, so I do not claim that my assessment is correct in all respects. In addition, misunderstandings may arise due to the translation.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Point A

Initially, the price in the M15 went down sharply. The candles are displayed in the form of a dark gray bar chart, however in our example the bar charts cannot be recognized. Within the bar charts, I am only interested in the particularly strong candles. If a new trend suddenly arises from a strong movement, it is quite unlikely that many traders have trade into it. Therefore, there are no or few stops below or above these strong bar charts.

Point B

Since the price has been going down for a while, the liquidity in the buy limit orders decreases. This is also completely logical, since many traders are short-oriented and tend to bring sell limit orders or sell market orders to the market. If the big player tried to push the price further down, a lack of liquidity in the buy limit orders leads to a limit. Therefore, there is a high level of liquidity in the sell limit orders at the time. The Big Player purchases shortly before point B because there is enough bid. From point B, he pushes the price up with strong buy market orders. Other participants who believe in a long, also join.

Point C

At point C, the stops of traders who still believed in a short at point B were triggered. These triggered stops are buy market orders, which the big player absorbs with sell limit orders. This gives the big player an even better short entry and pushes the price down again.

Point D

On the way from point C to point D, the stops of the long traders who got in near point B, are triggered and initially accelerate the price further down. When the price reached point D, the liquidity in the sell limit orders was again significantly higher than in the buy limit orders. For this reason, the price was pushed up again.

Point E

First of all, we notice a number of 105 that was reached at the top of Point E. This number is the average pip / 10 each candle has reached between points D and E. This value is higher than most values. First of all, this is an indication that the upward trend in the price has been strong and can possibly be identified as a pullback. In addition, it can be a sign that the price is slowly preparing for an upward trend.

Point F

After the pullback to point E, the course first runs to point F, where it reaches the lowest point. With a value of 40.2, it was an above-average trend that could continue in a medium period.

Point G

At first it looked as if it could be a pullback and many suspected that the downward trend was not yet complete. In the price trend at point H, the long traders from point G were stopped first. Already here you could see with future data that the big players absorbed this ask and did not use it to accelerate the price down. This already gave an indication that the price would no longer go down.

Point H

At Point H, many traders thought that the price was now going down and put more short positions in the market. These shorts were absorbed and the course pushed up. When the point H had not formed a new low compared to the point F and was slowly rising again, some traders went long.

Point I

The price was pushed to Point I above average, but no new high was formed. For some traders, this was a sign that the price would go lower, so they took a short position at Point I.

Point J

The return to Point J was weak above average. This was not a problem for long traders who started at point H, as their stops were below point H. At Point J, other short traders have entered the market.

Point K

At Point K, the price compared to Point I is build a new high. This was initiated by the big players so that the long traders from Point H could pull their stops to Point J. This ensured that there was sufficient liquidity available for price pressure downwards.

Point L

Shortly after the price at Point K hit a new high, there were many long traders hoping for a further upward trend. First, their stops were used to let the price run down. The long traders' stops below Point J were absorbed to collect further ask. We can see that the move to Point L was an above average weak movement. This initially spoke for a future, stronger upward trend. What is striking is that the stops that were under Point H and Point F were not picked up. Initially, this was not necessary as there weren't many traders there, and it took a few more stops to push the price down further in the long run. It is interesting to see that Point H and Point L showed an allegedly strong resistance zone that could not be broken at first glance. Here some traders were initially undecided and waited for a while.

Point M

The course of the course at point M initially stopped the short traders who had their stops above points G, I and K. Point M was a new high that brought many long traders into the market. They were stopped again when returning to Point N.

Point N

The long traders who entered the market from Point L had their stops below Point L and were waiting for another trend upwards.

Point O

The upward course of the price was above average and stopped approximately at the level of point M. Here a strong resistance zone was created, which could not be broken upwards. In addition, the short traders were not stopped via Point M because their volume was still needed.

Point P

The return to Point P was a smart move, initially an obvious upward trend was created because no new low was formed and the long traders from Point N were spared. This brought further long traders into the market that are betting on an upward trend.

Point Q

First, the short traders of Point M and O were stopped, which gave the big player enough volume in the bid. After another high was formed with Point Q, further long traders came onto the market. The big players used the stops of these long traders for the first sharp drop in prices to Point R.

Point R

The stops of the long traders at Point Q initially pushed the price down. The long traders' stops at Point N and P helped increase the downward pressure. In the end the stops of the long traders under point L, H and F were picked up. With the Point R, a new low was formed against Point F. Many were now convinced that the course would continue to go down.

Point S

The short traders from Point R gave the necessary volume to reach Point S. This was again an above-average strong pullback upwards.

Point T

Another smart move by the big players, no new low was formed and the suspicion arose that it could be another upward trend.

Point U

On the way to Point U there were again some long traders who gave the big players the volume they needed to push the price further down. The short traders who started at Point S were not triggered.

Point V

In the course of the course towards Point V, the long traders of Point R and T were initially removed from the game. This was an above-average downward trend. Against point R and T a new low was formed and was the reason for many traders to put on a short.

Point W

There was initially a pullback to Point W, whereby the short traders from Point S and U were spared.

Point X

Here the stops of the long traders from point V were triggered. Based on the above-average strong downward movement, you can see that the big players have worked with strong market orders. Some short traders who started at Point S and U moved their stops to Point W. Point X was another low compared to Point V, which brought further short traders onto the market. These short traders were absorbed by the big players to push the price up again.

Point Y

Now a new high against point W was formed, but was not yet a confirmed upward trend. The stops at Point W have been picked up. Many thought it could go lower and took short positions.

Point Z

First, the course ran down a little to Point Z. Why didn't the course go further  down? There were no more stops to be expected. From point X to point Y, the first candle was a strong movement that ran to the height of point Z. Few people expected this movement and therefore there were few long traders. So there was no interest from the big players to push the price further down because there were few stops from long traders to be expected. More ask was absorbed and collected in the movements from point R to point Z, so one could expect a further upward trend. In addition, there were more short traders in the market at the time and if a big player has collected enough ask, he tries to push the price up. The stops of the short traders help him. As soon as these stops are triggered, you immediately release Ask, which pushes the price up.

Point 1

The big players use this fact to bring the course to Point 1. At Point S, U, W and Y there were still enough stops from the short traders that were used for this upward swing. We now want to take a closer look at this upward trend.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The first candle that was created between the points X and Y was very strong, which nobody expected (red arrow). That was the reason why the pullback to Point Z didn't go any further down. Since very few had expected the strong red movement, there also have been few stops. The prospect of further Ask would have been relatively small. The pullback from point Y to Z had only one goal. They wanted to pull the long traders who got inside the strong red candle out of circulation. This ensured that there were hardly any long traders in the game.

The first candle in the movement from point Z to point 1 was again very strong. After some long traders had already been taken out of the game in the movement from point y to z, many were not sure whether it was actually going up. After the yellow candle crossed Point Y, many considered it to be a confirmed upward trend. Most of them only entered the market above Point Y, so there was little chance that there would be many stops below Point Y. From point 1 to point 2 there was initially a small pullback, which gave hope to the remaining long traders. Now the Big Playen use a well-known trick. With point 3 a new high was formed, which caused many long traders to pull their stops to point 2. Some short traders that had set a downward trend at Point 1 were also stopped.

With the move from Point 3 to Point 4, further long traders were withdrawn from the market. Here you can clearly see that the big players under Point 4 did not expect any further stops. At Point 4, many believed that the price was now going down and took a short position.

We now have the following situation, the big players are in the market with their ask positions and are already in the plus. How do they get out of their position best? Answer: By finding as much bid as possible in the form of stops. And for this you need the stops of the short traders. Let's take a closer look at the situation There was a long downward trend from point 1 to point 2 and from point 3 to point 4. During this time, a large number of traders positioned themselves short, placing their stops above points 1 or 3. The big players could therefore assume that enough stopps are available via points 1 and 3 to push the price up sharply and at the same time get out of their positions. The strong green candle clearly shows that the stops of the short traders were picked up from points 1 and 3.

At point 5, a strong resistance zone developed because the course ran twice to this zone. Many short traders have entered the market there. The pullback to Point 6 ended in the area where the big players no longer expected further stops. And this zone ends within the strong green candle.

Most big players have left their euro positions in the course of the green candle and have already started buying the dollar. When the course to Point 6 was over, the big players got the necessary Ask, to push the course up again. There the short trader stops from point 5 and the blue arrow were triggered and bid was absorbed in the blue candle. Then the price went down.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

If we ask ourselves why the course went down again from point 7, the answer is relatively simple. When the price reached Point 7, there was no short-term stop liquidity that was worth collecting. This is also evident from the green lines in the chart, which show the possible stops of the short traders or where there is enough bid. In the lower area there was strong liquidity in the ask, so the big players were able to get out of their dollar positions and at the same time buy the euro and then push the price up again.

So we can see that the course is not random, but is always the result where the big players find the most liquidity in the form of stops. However, it is always a question of whether you use the stops to push the price up or down, or whether you absorb the stops. This essentially decides on the further price of the course. We have found, that the market does not provide the big player, with infinite volumes and therefore they have to collect them. We can take advantage of this weak point of the big players by trying to find out where the next volume point is that they are approaching. This could help many retail traders to make their decisions a little more concrete in the future and make more profit at the same time. One could also participate in the big player's stop chase and earn money when the colleagues are stopped. Although this is not collegial but due to the anonymity in the market, nobody notices that. In my eyes, the procedure of stop identification is the only way to trade price data in the forex market a little more successfully. However, the crucial data is missing on what the big players do with the triggered stops. And we only get this information with the future data.

First of all, I recommend that you look at the market from the perspective of the stops and differentiate between long and short traders. There will give you crucial information that will take you further.

I wish you a successful trading week

best regards

--- 帖子 #1293 ---
Hey, Michael, quite interesting the way you describe it, this stophunting. I always wondered why it was that difficult to search for a 'perfect' stop loss. When my SL was too small, I got stopped a lot, when I used a big SL, not that much, but eventually price got me after all resulting in a big loss. All that effort and winning many small trades and one big loss ate all my profit. It was already better than losing like most retail traders, mostly I won my loss back to get at break even, but that did not get me one step ahead. So I thought, it might be better not using stop loss, and since I have been doing that my wins outnumber my losses resulting in at last some profit. Of course it's dangerous without SL, but if you do not stay in the market very long, are a scalper, and have the nerve to close a trade going too much against you, it's not that risky anymore. Mostly my trades last only a few minutes anymore now, in the past I did trades that went 30 Euro in loss and then I closed at 1 Euro profit, that were sometimes trades of 2 hours, really a loss of time ...

Now I'm learning using equilibrium resistance lines, but still I do not use SL, but of course to reduce my risk, I would like to use SL again. So when I think about it, wouldn't it be wise to set a stop loss above a very strong course up initiated by a big player in order to collect liquidity and then going short for a short time ? And the inverse for going long. In your example going short at point E when the downward course had an upward spike of 105 strenght, simply meaning a big fish is practising stophunting. This would mean going along with the big player and then get out at a previous equilibrium line ...

Here are also some tools that could be helpful, one to find an equilibrium (squeeze ma) and the other one to identify big players, that volatility meter can reach very extreme levels and when that happens, it's certain a big player is involved. The only drawback is that you only 'see' it in real time, when you're watching it.

Best regards from Wulong

--- 帖子 #1294 ---
Stop loss

[quote=Wulong;12735259]Hey, Michael, quite interesting the way you describe it, this stophunting.

Hello Wulong,

I agree with you that an entry into Stophunting without volume and liquidity information, a grip in the falling knife can mean. Yesterday at 16:00 CET there was also a stophunting of almost 12 pip in EURUSD. In this area I had also calculated a stop of 5 pip, whereby the course only ran 1 pip into my stop. I could see how big players' liquidity absorbed the stops. Under this absorption, they had placed other strong limits, which explained my larger stop of 5 pip. This is always a bit of luck because you never know if more stops will trigger another chain reaction. Even the big players can never estimate that exactly. Such a situation, is much easier to see with with the futures data. It is also interesting to trade in the stops, whereby in volatile phases you have problems getting out of your position quickly. In normal Stophunting phases, this is an interesting alternative.

Follow Smart Money !!!

My contribution: “Follow Smart Money !!!” should first of all give a feeling for the way big players work and motivation to take a closer look at Stophunting. For me, if you only work with forex data, this is the most effective way to assess price movements. When we have completed this project, we will bring it together with the future data. In the area of liquidity, I have already made decisive progress and have found a way, to make the iceberg orders visible in the chart. We will talk about that in Project 10.

First of all, thank you for the indicators you posted. However, we must note that these indicators are calculated from the price and the time, while the essential information such as liquidity and volume are not available. The less information you get about liquidity and volume, the more you have to leave your trading decisions to chance. Achieving a higher return on investment is difficult without these crucial factors.

With the stop loss and the probability of winning, you address a very important topic that is an important point for all traders. Many believe that a high probability of winning is the decisive factor in trading, but this false perfectionism is a mistake. I'm trying to write a detailed post on this important topic this week. We can then take a closer look at the probability of return, return on investment, profit factor and risk-reward ratio. There are some interesting aspects to consider.

What makes me very happy is the fact that you are making progress in your personal development. Of course, in the beginning, not everything works as you imagine. Development always means change, and that requires patience, time and nerves.

I wish you a successful trading week

best regards

Michael

--- 帖子 #1295 ---
Hi,Bionics.Thank you for your hard work.What tool indicators to use about Liquidity versus volume?Please share.

--- 帖子 #1296 ---
Liquidity and volume

Hello flashlj2008,

Thank you for your compliment to our blog. In the forex market, indicators are primarily created from price and time, which has considerable disadvantages, since the price is basically the result of liquidity, volume and time. There is a tick volume in Forex, but it has nothing to do with Bid and Ask. Likewise, liquidity cannot be represented in forex. Therefore, there are no indicators that could be used. To do this, you have to use stock market data. First of all, you have optimal chances in Forex if you deal with the topic "Stophunting" of my last post. You only need 3 auxiliary indicators for this, but these are only used for identification. In our next project, I will then go into more detail about the stock market data.

Best regards

Michael

--- 帖子 #1297 ---
can you use stock market data while trading forex?

--- 帖子 #1298 ---
Stock market data

Hello flockofpips,

I warmly welcome you to our block and I am pleased that you are interested in this information. I initially worked exclusively with Forex data (supply and demand) for many years by trading the short movements within an equilibrium. The tick charts was the reason, that I looked more closely at the stock market data and found that this data has a similar structure. In the past year, this resulted in some projects that were very time consuming. I compared different providers of stock market data, got closer to the high-frequency trading / big players and looked for suitable software that was able to translate the stock market data according to my specifications. Today I trade almost exclusively with the information of the stock exchange data in the forex market. However, this was a development over 2 years, which you can read about in this blog. Two years ago I started a kind of trader's diary in this forum, with the requirement to document my further development exactly. Trading in the forex market is one thing, but explaining exactly how and why one trade, is a bit more difficult. If you want to describe something, you are forced to have precise information. This creates a need for information, which forces you to research carefully. This creates further questions, that you want to answer for yourself. My creativity made me ask myself questions and take paths that I would never have thought possible. I try to find new ways to achieve my goals. It may sound crazy, but I was never as sure about trading as I am today. I am not concerned to being the best or the most successful, I am aware that there are many ways to succeed. When I read my trader's diary, I see an enormous development in recent years. The important thing is that my trade has become much more efficient and secure. However, I have also invested over 10,000 hours in the past 3 years. In this blog you will not find a specific system, but many creative ideas with which you can create an individual setup for yourself. Among other things, I describe exactly what the forex data have in common with the futures data. I am convinced that you can use some ideas, but I recommend that you work through this blog from the beginning. While this takes around 17 hours, only one crucial idea you find, can potentially change everything.

I keep my fingers crossed for you and wish you to find the information that will help you.

best regards

Michael

--- 帖子 #1299 ---
Thank you for your response, I will like to work my way around supply and resistance my self but I need advice and it's not very easy knowing the equilibrium

--- 帖子 #1300 ---
[quote=Bionics;12736206]Stop loss
Hey bionic Michael,

Lately, I have been busy making a new MT5 scalping template, based on M5 and of course it's completely my style, fast indicators combined with medium fast and slow indicators, all made by Mladen and MrTools, so no repainting whatsoever. It's a pity my chart is not bionic, but that's no problem, I'm starting to 'see' equilibrium zones on a normal chart too. Only starting of course, ha ha.  I have never traded with MT5 and the indicators are totally different, I should get used to them rapidly. I recently bought a second screen. Now I'm going to add a third screen in the form of an old Sony laptop, that one should be still good enough for one MT5 scalp chart.  I have also seen the 'price' is not always the same, the Mt5 has a simple Metaquotes account  and that price is sometimes a bit different than that from my broker and MT4 charts, but not much, but still it's good to keep an eye on that.

Maybe later on I will switch to Future data, but first I will prove to others and to my self, that I can make it in Forex alone with a complicated system with, of course 'lagging' but still good indicators.

Anyway, thanks for your answer !

Sleep tight.

--- 帖子 #1301 ---
Ha, ha, I just witnessed a rather big difference, on my MT5 price was just a moment ago 1.10444, while on MT4 it was 1.10424, now it's equal again….

--- 帖子 #1302 ---
Market data, from futures and etc... is "Life" in my humble opinion and experience.

If you use all Intel provided here by Michael and as he said before, be able to build your trading style and see how things really work.

Is just matter of time to be successful in markets.

PS. Of course this is something like personality, each one has one.

"Once a very wise person said... No matter how many times you fall/failed... what truly matters is you don't give up and keeping forward."

Green pips to all mates special to bionics - Michael

One thing that Michael mentioned here and i never saw before is how DXY can help for those who trades Majors currencies cross with USD.

I realized that last year by myself and until that never saw nobody mention that.

NOT SAYING THAT NO ONE KNOWS THAT OR MENTIONED BEFORE, JUST SAYING THAT I NEVER SAW PEOPLE TALKING ABOUT IT.

--- 帖子 #1303 ---
Stophunting project

Hello dear subscribers,

I would like to provide you with an additional auxiliary indicator for our project No. 9. The ZigZag lines are calculated from the fractals, which provides an even better representation.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

As you can see, the fractal indicator (yellow lines) manages about twice as many movements, as the normal ZigZag indicator (blue lines) with a setting of 4/2/1.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In the M1, the individual movements are drawn even more precisely, so that stophunting can be identified even better. The optimal setting for the indicator should be 2. You can use it to refine the lines. For those who do not yet know project no. 9, please click on the link, then you will come to the project start. There you will find the information and all the indicators needed for it.

Stophunting, Project No. 9 starts

I hope that this presentation will help you. Try to use my examples to understand which stops the big players will start next. From this you can quickly see where the next movement is going. As soon as you have gained your first experience, you are welcome to post a presentation with a detailed comment.

I wish you much success

best regards

Michael

Attached File(s)   ZigZag_Fractal_up_dn.mq4

4 KB
|
1,030 downloads

--- 帖子 #1304 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1305 ---
Michael

My congratulations and thanks to you.

What a thread this one that you create and start to build, so noble, share all your knowledge with no selling things to new and more experience traders, or fake promises.

For those who are new into financial markets maybe not know how hard it is to get some help and even such structured project like this one that I can say, not saw before, not in this level of environment, friendship and respect.

All my respect and wishes of the best to you dear Bionics/Michael.

--- 帖子 #1306 ---
Michael,

I´m deeply impressed as well and love to read all of your valuable information.

Fair enough to say that I have still problems to find out how to use for my trading style as a trendfollower

who takes trades based on development on daily timeframe. But we will see ... perhaps one day it makes "klick"

and I understand how to work with .

Best greetings from Germany.

--- 帖子 #1307 ---
Probabilities of winning with stop loss

Hello dear subscribers,

first I would like to take the opportunity to welcome all new subscribers to this blog. I am very happy about your participation and hope that you will find many good ideas in this blog. This blog is a kind of buffet where different ideas for scalpers, day traders and swing traders from the forex and futures market are available. From this, everyone can create their own individual setup that takes them further. I keep my fingers crossed for you and will continue to try to post creative and informative contributions in the future.

The question I get often asked: Should one work with a stop loss or not?  I cannot give a specific answer to this, as it depends on the individual case of the trader.

First of all, there are three options: You use a stop loss or do not use it. The third option is to use hedge strategies. I also like to use a hedge strategy when I have a good run. Then I run my trade and only trade the individual pullbacks. If I have placed a sell limit order and realize that the big players still want to get the stops above, I also use hedging, to expand my stop. As a rule, I try to get an optimal start with the future data and the identification of the Stophunting. If that goes wrong, I let the trade run into the stop, usually I get out of it manually beforehand. Since I complete 10 to 20 trades daily, there are enough opportunities for a new chance. It is not the daily result that counts, but the monthly result. When trading with money that can be dispensed with when in doubt, trading is much more relaxed, although a loss is always a confirmation that you have overlooked something important.

At the beginning of my trader career, using a stop loss was hell. No matter where I started, my stop loss was often triggert and kicked me out of the market. Today I know that it was the big players who focused on stophunting to generate new liquidity. After so many years they have become so professional that they manage to make life difficult for scalpers, day traders and swing traders at the same time. Initially I was really frustrated when I was stopped, but I was more relaxed when I stopped by myself, even though I lost there too. Losing is not a nice thing, especially when it comes to your own money. However, you have to learn to lose in this game to be able to win. And that takes time.

Many beginners increase their stops, in the event of a loss, because they hope the price will turn bullish again. So the Trade 10 Pip runs into the minus and suddenly the price turns and goes up again. As soon as the price has risen somewhat, most beginners close their trade and are happy not to have lost. If you ask them why they got out, the answer is: the price has now gone up 10 pip, the likelihood is high that it will go straight back down. One crucial thing is saved by the beginner: "It was good to increase the stop loss, so I didn't lose." But one day this habit becomes a big loss. In principle, it's more about psychology than losing a few dollars. Losing unleashes fear of losing, whoever loses more than 50% out of 10 trades, has a difficult time psychologically.

Before we get a little more involved in this area, we have to speak about a few basic things first.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Let's say we have a 80% chance of winning, which is very high in this market. Our risk-reward ratio is 0.5, as we get $ 5 if we win and get $ 10 if we lose. We make 80 trades in profit, earning $ 400. With 20 trades, we make a $ 200 loss. This is initially a profit factor of 2 because we made twice as much profit as loss. We made a total of $ 200 and an average of $ 20 per trade. These $ 20 are our expected value for future trades.

In the second case, we have a 40% chance of winning and a risk-reward ratio of 2 because we earn $ 10 on every win and lose $ 5 on every loss. After 100 trades, we made $ 400 and lost $ 300, which equates to a profit factor of 1.33. Our expected value is $ 10 per trade. Now it is likely that the first example will be more successful than the second example. At first glance, this seems to be true, but in reality it behaves very differently.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Let's first look at the probability that we win. The red bar shows the stop loss, the yellow bar the entry and the green bar the take profit (TP). We do not take spread and commission into account here. In example A we see that the stop loss is as far away as the TP. The probability that the TP will be reached first is 50%. The risk / reward ratio is 1. In example B we use a stop of 1 pip and a TP of 3 pip. The risk-reward ratio is 3 because I have the opportunity to make three times as much profit as loss. The probability that the stop loss will be reached before the TP is 75%. In case C we increased the stop loss to 3 pip and reduced the TP to 1 pip. The risk-reward ratio is 0.25 and the probability is 75% that I will achieve 1 pip profit. The calculated probability refers to a trade that I blindly place in the market without using a strategy.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Point A

In this example we assume that we calculate a stop loss of 1 pip and a TP of 4 pip. The spread is 1 pip. Normally we would have a risk / reward ratio of 4 as we take 1 pip risk and expect a TP of 4 pip. However, this is not correct since we have to take the spread into account as costs. This reduces the risk-reward ratio to 1: 2. The probability that my TP will be reached is 20%. Now we calculate 100 trades that will be carried out. I calculated $ 10 per pip. We close 20 trades for $ 40 each, for a total of $ 800. We close 80 trades at a loss of $ 20 each, for a total of $ 1,600. In total, we have a loss of $ 800. It is interesting that the broker earns $ 1000 over the same period.

Point B

Here we proceed according to the same principle, whereby we set a stop loss of 4 pip and expect a TP of 1 pip. The risk-reward ratio is 1: 0.2. That means I have to win 5 trades to make up one loss. The probability that my TP will be reached is 80%. If we calculate 100 trades again, we will make a profit of $ 800 and a loss of $ 1000 at the same time. That's a total loss of $ 200. Overall, we have $ 600 less loss on 100 trades as in Example A. If we set the stop loss to 100 pip, we would have a profit of $ 990 and a loss of $ 1000. But even with a 99% chance of winning, we would still have a $ 10 loss. Nevertheless, the loss is lower with a higher probability of winning. At first glance, this proves that the further the stop is in relation to the TP, the more profitably the probability works. However, this is a false bill, because holding an 80% probability of winning is already an extraordinary achievement. Let's look at the example below.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In the previous examples, only the pure probability was initially calculated. Let's assume that in example A, with a profitable setup, we are able to increase the probability from 20% to 40%. That would give us a profit of $ 400. In example B, we increase the probability from 80% to 90% and would also achieve a profit of $ 400. However, increasing the probability from 20 to 40% is easier to achieve, than a increasing from 80% to 90%. In the second case, there is simply too little room for improvement, which makes it significantly more difficult for us. Working without a stop loss certainly means increasing the likelihood in your favor, but it also involves an unpredictable risk, so I would recommend working with a stop loss.

With this example, we can guess that exchange trading is always a losing trade in terms of probability. The advantage of a trader is to influence the likelihood in his favor by generating a market advantage from information that brings a higher probability of profit. In gambling, the cards or the lotto balls have no memory. In trading, certain processes, for example in Stophunting, are always carried out according to similar principles, because they are based on people who have a memory. This makes trading less of a gamble.

In this context, I would like to make one more important point.

I keep reading that traders claim the big players are waiting for certain numbers from Europe / USA or certain meetings from the ECB / FED to make concrete trading decisions that drive the price in a certain direction. In my opinion, that's a mistake. As we know, the big players first have to collect their positions and then push them in a certain direction. Depending on the volatility, these collecting actions can take anywhere from a few hours to a few days. If the Fed were to make a decision that would have a positive impact on the dollar, the big players could only start collecting the dollar afterwards. That would be a bit difficult in this case, since everyone wants the dollar. This means that the big players must have made their decision many hours before the actual breakout. If the big players collected the euro and the FED gave positive news for the dollar, the big players would still push the price up to make their profits. What comes out of the important meetings is less relevant for the big players at first, but what is more important is the increased volatility that then takes place at that moment. The mere fact that prices are going up and down at this moment shows that traders have different opinions. In this back and forth, the big players further shop on and finally push the price in their direction.

Money makes the world go round. We should keep in mind that around 20 million lots are traded in EURUSD per day. The big players trades round 16 million lots. In this respect, it should be completely logical that news, meetings or rumors in no way affect the way big players work. Of course, statements from the FED or the ECB will have an impact on the markets in the medium or long term, but once the big players have collected the euro, they will push the price up, no matter what happens. The meetings used to be a game of luck for me because I never knew where the course could go. With the information I have today, I can estimate and calculate that much more precisely. In 80% of cases, it is already clear where the course is going before a meeting. However, that is only my assessment.

As you know, there is, in my opinion, no concrete upward or downward trends, but always only movements that are aimed at getting traders to stop in order to obtain the necessary liquidity. The goal of a trader should be to trade precisely these movements. Depending on the time unit, there are different movements in the course of a day.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

One should take a closer look at these different movements. Here ten different trends were compared in different time units. In addition to the seven known time units from D1 to M1, I have added three more time units in the tick chart. T32 corresponds approximately to the 30 second chart, T16 corresponds approximately to the 15 second chart and the T08 corresponds approximately to the 8 second chart. A tick chart has the habit of forming significantly more candles when there is high volatility and significantly fewer candles when there is low volatility. This means that with less volatility, no unnecessary space is wasted on the chart.

In the example shown here, an average ATR of the last 10,000 candles was used. The average ATR in D1 was 82 pip in the last 10,000 days and 4 pip in M5. This means that 0.06 pip per minute was reached in the day running and 0.81 pip per minute in the M5. The pip size to be achieved was 82 pip in the D1 and 1166 pip in the M5. The T08 shows the largest fluctuation range with 5774 pip. It is quite clear, that the number of these pips can never be reached in one day in the trade.

The following calculations are pure averages and of course change daily. With a zigzag indicator with the setting 8/4/2, there are an average of 25 trend lines per day in the M5. An average of 12 candles and an average of 12 pip per trend line. However, this does not mean that each candle reaches an average pip because there are bullish as well as bearish candles. If you were to trade these 25 trend lines correctly each day, you could get 300 pip. On average, a trend line runs for almost 1 hour and 0.2 pip is reached per minute. This 0.2 pip is an average for the whole day. From 09: 00-11: 00CET and 15: 00-17: 00 CET the greatest volatility is within the EURUSD. Frankfurt and London are in the market in the morning, New York, Frankfurt and London in the afternoon. Within these 4 hours you can more than double the pip size per minute.

You can find the complete contribution here:

Increase our hourly dare?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Another point to influence the probability and reduce the risk is the length of stay in the market. Using this comparison, I found that the downward moves in the EURUSD are between 30 and 40% faster than the upward moves. This is an important finding, since I believe that the longer you are in the market, the greater the risk of being stopped by an unexpectedly strong movement. In this case, if I only bet on a downward trend within the EURUSD, I could reduce my time in the market by 30-40%. Provided that the price movement would continue to behave in the same way in the future.

You can find the complete contribution here:

Who is faster the euro or the dollar?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I have found that the efficiency of my sell orders is almost twice that of buy orders. That means when I go short I have almost twice the efficiency as when I go long. Of course, this often depends on the trend currently prevailing in the market. In our example, if you only concentrated on the short positions, you would have 200 pip win in the same period without changing your trading strategy. Of course, this result does not have to be so, but the probability is high.

After that, it's all about optimizing the win rate, the pay-off ratio and the expected value in order to trade profitably.

You can find the complete contribution here:

Easy increase in trading efficiency!

Conclusion:

A high probability of winning only satisfies your own ego, but is rather counterproductive in terms of probability. A high probability of winning does not mean that the strategy is also profitable. What matters is what we win and lose on average. For this we need the profit factor. If the profit factor is 1, it means that you invest $ 1 and get $ 1 back. There is no profit from this. If you get back less than € 1, your profit factor is less than 1 and your strategy would not be profitable. If you get back more than a dollar, you will make a profit. The profit factor would be greater than 1, making your strategy profitable. The higher the profit factor, the better the strategy. As an adjusting screw, I would rather work on the risk-reward ratio than on increasing the probability of winning. High odds of winning over 60% with a win rate of 1: 1 are fragile and cannot be maintained in the long run. The first goal should be a profit factor of 2, which you can then optimize. With the expected value you have a basis to calculate future profits.

The three most important values are the total return, the drawdown and the average monthly return. Trading success does not result from the optimization of the hit rate, but a top performance results from the optimization of the exit. And to ensure that we enter the market at the right time, we continue to deal with stophunting.

I wish you a successful trading day

best regards

Michael

--- 帖子 #1308 ---
What a post

About  the big players a could not agree more.

I guess would be a huge mistake think that the big ones don't have the information before it is released to "rest" of us.

In a market where 12 institutions control the price...

Very naive  in my opinion think that.

--- 帖子 #1309 ---
Naive view

Hello Dcrs,

First of all, I am happy that the articles will help you and you can benefit from them. Different opinions are responsible for the fact that the stock market can function at all, so it is perfectly okay that you have a different opinion, which I fully accept. Basically, people are described as naive who cannot adequately assess circumstances and actions or who are ignorant. Since there is no proof that the big players already have all the information before the figures are released, one can only speculate about them. Also a assuming regular collusion with the ECB / FED or governments would also support a hypothesis or a statement that is considered to be unprovable. In this case, it is actually not possible to adequately assess the circumstances and actions. In this case, one cannot start from a naive view.

I wish you a successful trading day

best regards

--- 帖子 #1310 ---
Bionics / Michael

I am sorry if I expressed myself wrong, I was not intend to offend you or anything like that.

When I mean naive about the privilege information of reports and etc... for big players I really mean about that.

I understand your opinion and respect very much.

But let me take an example.

Years ago when I was basically studying and focus in trade high impact news, I had a very interesting in Bloomberg platform for it, so I scheduled a meeting with the company here in my country, 2 experts attended me and gave full explanation about the platform and it's functionality and they said something that I already feel, like I said here: " about the high impact news the information it is already in our platform before to be released but we can not give you..." , you are right about the proofs of any kind of special and the big players had previous information before us.

But still on this days I guess we do not need to have a full case and proofs to know or think, believie in something like this that who has the power will do everything to keeping.

But this is my personal opinion and experience.

Perhaps I am share too much my personal experience and thoughts.

Tks Bionic for you respect, you have all my and admiration too.

Have a great weekend.

--- 帖子 #1311 ---
High impact news

[quote=Dcrs;12743686]{quote} Bionics / Michael I am sorry if I expressed myself wrong,

Hello Dcrs,

First of all, thank you for your kind words. First of all, it is very difficult for all of us to express ourselves clearly in this forum. The background is the different mentalities, the languages with translation and the fact that the future and forex market is very complex. Misunderstandings are inevitable. I already thought that, which is why I formulated my answer very generally.

I only know the Thomas Reuters Eikon platform , but I know that Bloomberg is still relevant and leading decades after its introduction, but also in terms of price. I didn't find the $ 20,000 annual fee efficient for me, especially since I only work with one currency pair. Information is indeed shared very quickly there, but the problem is that retailers react differently to messages.

I wrote an interesting report 2 years ago:

NIO, three factors that make it difficult to trade!

The big uncertainty factors are not the news, but what the dealers interpret from it. In addition, the forex market is a billion dollar business, the big players win about $ 400 million a day, so that there are often irregularities. Even if the big players have many advantages over us smaller traders, we are on two points in Advantage: If we want to buy or sell, we are immediately in the market and if we win a few thousand dollars we don't even stand out. Since I spoke with some high frequency dealers about their work, I have a little more respect and my view of the market is differently. If I had known, at the beginning of my trading career, how difficult this market was, I probably wouldn't have started. If you play against world champions on the soccer field, you know where you stand after a game. As a trader, you only sit in front of your PC and cannot see your opponents. Nevertheless, you have a realistic chance of 1:95, which is significantly better than with the Powerball. To gain a statistical advantage from this, you have to work really hard and be creative. Still, it's the most beautiful job in the world and I love the challenge.

I wish you a nice weekend

best regards

Michael

--- 帖子 #1312 ---
Tks Michael

You have all my respect and good wishes.

This thread is soo useful and your sharing knowledge here is amazing.

I will continue studying/reading here.

Another thing that I already mentioned here is always open mind and learning every day, thr markets are so endless that every day I learning something new.

So tks again and good weekend to all buddys

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1313 ---
A good source for information is Hedgeye.  They have different information packages at different prices.  Reasonable prices for active traders.

--- 帖子 #1314 ---
I perfectly understand what bionic teaches here and I think the solution to all retail traders is knowing the real volume and ofcourse lot of trade place by the market movers or should I call them stop hunter. Thank you bionic

--- 帖子 #1315 ---
Hello Bionics,

Thanks a lot for your posts which contain a lot of valuable information on the Forex market internals. Please take a look at the below chart which shows the GBPUSD move upwards 15 seconds before the BOE news release. It is a clear sign of how these figures can be leaked to big institutions to give them the upper hand.

--- 帖子 #1316 ---
Key candles in Stophunting

Analysis of the past week

Hello dear subscribers,

Today's article is again about the identification of stophunting, today we will take a closer look at the key candles. In order to take a closer look at the course of the past week, we need an overview in the daily chart of the EURUSD.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

First, let's look at the price from September 1, 2019. There we see a yellow key candle (point 1), which is a stronger upward trend that has broken a strong resistance zone. Since many traders only got involved in the course of this strong price movement, it was initially not necessary, to look under the zone for stophunting . We recognize that points A, B, C and D were at a similar price level. At point C, many traders, who had placed their stops under points A and B were stopped out. Interestingly, the course went up strong after that. Last week the course reached point D, was rejected again and reached point E earlier this week. I plotted Point F because a key candle was already plotted at the beginning of September (Point 2). This area could again ensure that the course goes up a little bit again.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Let's zoom in a bit closer to take a closer look at the last two and a half weeks. On Thursday two weeks ago a strong key candle emerged which I outlined in yellow. This strong downward movement has broken through some resistance zones and many traders have only entered later the movement. For this reason, I did not expect a stophunting over this key candle. Of course, that could have happened, because I'm not allways perfect at identifying the key candles either. I got the first confirmation last Friday when there was a very strong move up and it stopped in the last quarter of my key candle. In the Asian market on Sunday, the price initially went down a bit. On Monday, I first expected the course to go back to the open price and then head down. I was wrong. My goal at the beginning of the week was the end the purple zone. This zone was reached during Wednesday, but was not breached. Thursday was very efficient, but the price did not reach the end of the purple resistance zone. At first I thought on Friday that the price could move higher again, but with my future data I could see that the dollar was bought strongly. During the course of Friday, the course broke through my purple zone and ran right up to the blue zone below. By the way, on Friday of the penultimate week the price reached an above average Pip /10 value per candle. The number 515.5 shows me a high level of market willingness to bring the price above this high in the medium term.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Let us first consider the last three trading days in EURUSD H1. In this downward trend, four key candles were identified. On Tuesday and Wednesday a strong resistance zone formed at points 1 and 2, which allegedly could not be broken. Many bet on a further upward movement here and were kicked out of the race by the strong key candle at Point B. You can see from the further movement that the big players found it unnecessary to push the course up again to get more stops. On the contrary, another stronger key candle formed at Point C immediately afterwards. A few hours later the course slowed down and an equilibrium developed. Around 9:00 CET on Thursday there was a small breakout to motivate further long traders. This movement ended exactly in the key candle of Point C. When the USA came onto the market, the price went down sharply and a new key candle is formed at Point D. In the late afternoon the course slowly went up again and ended on Friday morning, in the area of the key candle at Point D. Then the course went down more strongly and formed a new key candle at Point F. When the course went up again to Point G, It ended exactly in the area of the key candle of Point F. First of all, the big player is always interested in suggesting to traders that it is an upward or downward movement and then to drive the price in the opposite direction. This trade is usually done with a strong move up or down. Few traders are able to take this movement from the start, so you usually only start in the middle of this movement and set your stop according to your requirements. Since most traders enter the market with a market order, the big players can identify exactly in which area most traders have entered. Most stops that are worth running are located immediately, below or above this entrance. For this reason, stops are rarely above these key candles and show us very precisely where a possible trend reversal can begin.

With the identification of the key candles there are some challenges to be overcome. Different time units naturally show me different key candles. Not every strong movement is automatically a key candle, it essentially depends on what happened in the course of the course before. A key candle automatically results from the fact that it is a movement that nobody could have foreseen. In this case, the big player is not likely to find interesting stop zones above this key candle.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Based on the key candles, the price in the Forex market can unfortunately only roughly calculate a possible turnaround. There is no concrete information in the form of volume and liquidity that can only be obtained from the future market. Let's look at a small example from Friday between 2:30 p.m. and 4:00 p.m. CET. Around 14:30 CET we can see at point A and B that large sell market orders have been absorbed in the market. These were long trader stops that were fished. At the same time, some buy market orders were placed, which pushed the price up briefly. At Point C, strong sell limit orders ensured that Ask was absorbed, which ultimately slowed the price. Then the price was pushed further down. From points D and E we can see that larger buy market orders have entered the market. This could be partial sales of the dollar and the purchase of the euro. Since there was no strong absorption at that time, it was a nice opportunity for me to go long. The representation of the heat map, however, is somewhat inaccurate for me, because you cannot see at what price level how much solder was absorbed. Nevertheless, you have a rough overview of where it is worth taking a closer look. I have discovered an interesting way to make the specific limit orders visible in the market and am thus able to make even better trading decisions. It is true that market orders move the market, but limit orders determine where the market will go in the future. And precisely these limit orders cannot be identified.

That is exactly why we will deal more closely with these limit orders in the future. The big players are forced to collect larger portions of volume in order to generate an advantage. And this collection of volume takes place exclusively with limit orders. The advantage of these iceberg orders is that nobody can see them and there are no major market movements at the same time. In our new project 10 we will then discuss in detail how to identify them down to the smallest lot.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

On September 27, 2019 (Point A) I pointed out that the purple zone is a strong resistance.

At the moment we are in a very interesting resistance zone, which we want to take a closer look at. On April 24, 2017, the EURUSD had a large gap of 178.5 pip. This gap was exceptional because of its size. Basically, this gap is a major resistance for me, because it was a strong demand market, at the time it was created.

Here you can read the post again and find a very interesting auxiliary indicator.

EURUSD where is the journey going?

Of course, at that point in time, I couldn't know whether the price was closing the gap or not. But when the course was strongly rejected, I knew that this resistance zone could possibly work. In such a case, you can look for long trades in the medium term. Next you should identify the key candle. At point A, the price went up again strongly and formed a new high at point B. At first, the price went down unexpectedly sharply and then formed an equilibrium. Many assumed that the price would go up again and were surprised when the price continued to go down. In this yellow move at Point B, relatively few traders were short positioned, but enter the market later. Therefore, there was no reason to go beyond the high of point C because fewer stops were suspected there. A little tip. No matter what time unit you are in, simply look at the individual movements and first draw a possible stop area under each trend reversal. If a turnaround was caused by a strong up / down move, chances are that most traders only entered the market in the middle of that move. The big players will rarely look for stops under these key candles. A trend reversal could then occur within this key candle. However, you always have to see this, in the overall market context.

What is much more interesting, however, is the fact that the price has come back near the big gap. First of all, there is the possibility that the price in Zone D will go up again, but that gap (Point E) could also be closed. That would mean a price slide to at least 1.07300. Regardless of whether the gap will closed or not, the purple zone is initially a very strong resistance zone and could cause the price to move towards 1.25 again. But these are pure speculations that are not relevant at first. The decisive factor is how the course will behave in the next few weeks. Because of the Stophunting, a course always runs in ZigZag lines. We must always pay attention to the key candles that initiate a turnaround that simplifies our forecast for the coming days or weeks.

In my daily trading decision, it is always helpful to know whether we are in a medium-term upward or downward movement. Therefore, as a scalper, you should always keep an eye on the larger time units.

I wish you a great weekend

best regards

Michael

--- 帖子 #1317 ---
Stophunting

Hello flockofpips,

First of all, I am very happy that you like this blog and that you receive important information from it. I agree that the market only moves because the market orders (volume) meet the limit orders (liquidity). Since the big players almost exclusively use limit orders to collect Ask or Bid, they need market orders, if possible at similar price levels. This volume can only be obtained in large quantities in the form of stops, which is why they specialize in stophunting. I created this blog over 2 years ago to write a trader's diary for myself and find like-minded people with whom you can exchange on a high level. Through the exchange with individual subscribers, questions arise that I have never really thought about and from this projects develop, that bring us all forward together. I don't want to teach here, because I don't advertise a system or want to earn money from what I say. I know you didn't want to put it that way, it was just important to me to emphasize that again. My trading style is characterized by strong creativity, but I would never say that my approach is better than that of other traders. I respect every opinion, as long as it does not try, to influence my way of working. Although I am always open to ideas and creative perspectives, as long as these are things, that only a few traders have thought about so far. The traders will find many ideas here with which they can create their own setup. Of course I am happy to help my subscribers if they have any questions about my theories, statements or ideas. Because at the end, that helps us all. Quit pro quo (one hand washes the other)!

I wish you a nice weekend

Best regards

Michael

--- 帖子 #1318 ---
GPBUSD breakout

Hello cedars,

Welcome to our blog and thank you for your kind compliment. Unfortunately I cannot see which breakout it is because I am not trading the GPBUSD.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

First of all, we see that from 11:56 the price looks like it wants to go down. At 11:59 there is a Stopfishing, with the long traders stopped. In this moment sell market orders come in the market, which the big player intercepted via a buy limit order. Then the price was pushed up with market orders and the stops of the short traders (market buy) helped to push the price up. In order to move a price up, it is first necessary that sufficient sell limit orders are available. There are gaps in the upward movement of your chart, which indicates that no sell limit orders were available in this area. First the sell limit orders are eaten up and the price starts the next sell limit orders. If there are no sell limit orders at the next price level, the price level is skipped and a gap is created until if further sell limit orders are available at a higher price level. No purchases or sales can take place in these gaps because there is no liquidity. You can often not see that in the M1 chart. Gaps are created permanently in the market.

At that moment the buy limit orders move up, if there are prospective buyers. It is quite possible that the big player himself placed buy limit orders from 1.30600 in order to support his own price. Because if there was no liquidity, the price would go back completely. At 1.30850 there was either less liquidity or the big player did not use any further market orders. We see gaps again the first time we run down, so that there were not enough buyers with buy limit orders in this area.

Unfortunately, I cannot see at what time the Big Player bought Ask, because to make money he has to buy a certain number of Ask before the outbreak. If he had only pushed the price up without collecting Ask beforehand, he would probably have lost money. This means that the big player has already started collecting his ask from London open or earlier. For that, he should have known a few hours beforehand what would come out of the BOE press release. If the big player had been informed of the result a few minutes before the BOE press release, he probably wouldn't have had much time to collect enough Ask. I rather believe that the big player used the increased volatility to push up his previously collected ask. A very risky game, due to the lack of liquidity. With the right tools, you might be able, to determine where the exit of his position was.

It may also be quite possible that the big player already knew the result the day before. Although he could have prepared for it, he cannot predict how the market will respond. This means that he has to make the decision a few hours in advance whether to buy Ask or Bid. And if he don't have enough money, it can be a big risk. We can see that in many hedge funds that have perished in recent years. The fact is that the big players have better and faster information, like the retail traders, and whether it always helps them is a question that I cannot answer. I recommend to take a look at Stophunting a little, this could significantly increase your chances of winning. You can find the post here.

Key candles in Stophunting

I wish you continued success and I look forward if this blog helping you.

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1319 ---
I respect your opinion but only agree with the part that you also agree with me that MM's have priviledge information before it is released to us.

About expensive platform, etc...

I could not disagree more.

It is not because the price, subscriptions, data provider to be expensive(I agree are not cheap). But the kind of views and looks that you can have it with order flow is the most close that you ever will have of big players  at least on this days, the future ? Who knows.

If you base your learning only in the past ? How can you succeed in the present?

Only my opinion and thoughts.

--- 帖子 #1320 ---
Cumulative delta

Hello dear subscribers,

First of all, thank you for your opinions on the subject of economic and trade data. Each trader obtains different information in order to build his trade on it and creates his own setup from it. This setup is tailored to everyone and can rarely be used profitably by another trader. In Formula 1, a racing driver can only be successful with his personal setup because it is tailored to him. For this reason, every trader is right from his point of view if he is profitable with his setup. In this blog you will find different ideas in the forex and futures market to create an individual setup. Supply and demand, COT, currency strength, volume profile, footprint, ask and bid, volume, liquidity, delta, DOM, times and sales list, indicators and heat map are presented and analyzed. There are traders who are with futures data and other traders who are successful with pure forex data. It is tiring to discuss what is best for another because every retailer is different. Everyone is responsible for themselves in this market, but should always accept the opinion of other traders. Of course, you can express your opinion, but discussions usually don't lead to anything. This blog focuses in the current project No. 9 on the Stophunting with Forex data and afterwards in the Project No. 10 we will analyze the Stophunting with futures data. Those who feel like it are welcome to participate in this project. If you prefer another way, you will definitely find your home in the countless great and informative threads from FF, which will take you further or you can create your own thread.

In addition to our current project Stophunting, I am currently analyzing the different strategies of the big players for our project No.10. A very interesting area is the fact that the big players sometimes provide themselves with liquidity in order to acquire a large number of volumes. I will show some examples of this. In addition, I noticed that there is a cumulative delta in the area of future data, but no cumulative ask and bid. There is currently no indicator for this. My prop software only works with C #, and I'm curious to see if I can develop this indicator. In principle, this is not a correct indicator at all, since the volume and the price are an integral part of the real-time data of the exchange and, unlike indicators, do not have to be offset.

If I open a long position in EURUSD I buy the Euro (Ask), as soon as I get out of the position I sell the Euro (Bid). If I take a short position, I buy the dollar (bid), as soon as I get out I sell the dollar (ask). So Ask stands for buying euros or selling dollars, and Bid stands for buying dollars and selling euros. In the delta, the number of questions is first subtracted from the number of bids. This display can be set for a specific time unit or viewed cumulatively. If the accumulated delta suddenly falls in an upward trend, it means that more was traded on the bid. This is an indication that either traders have taken their profits with them or short traders have bought the dollar because they are hoping for a reset or a turnaround. Divergences are predominantly used in the Cumlative Delta. However, it is more interesting to see how the respective cumulative ask or cumulative bid relates to each other. This makes it even easier to analyze possible profit taking. In the cumulative delta, you can only see that the value falls. But if the cumulative ask continues to rise, this could be an indication that it is only profit-taking. This would allow a more efficient way of looking at things. However, it will take a while, but of course I will keep you up to date.

I wish you a successful trading week

best regards

Michael

--- 帖子 #1321 ---
Key candle Stophunting II

Hello dear subscribers,

Today I would like to take a closer look at the key candles that play a decisive role in stophunting.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

We see an equilibrium just before Point A, and many traders thought that the price could continue to move upwards. Then at Point A there was an immediate downward movement. Few people expected this movement, so there was no reason for the big player to look for possible stops above point B. After that, the price went down and strong resistance developed at the low. There, many assumed that the price could now go up again. At Point C there was again a strong downward movement, which was another reason for the big players not to look for stops in the first half of this movement, so the upward trend ended at Point D. At Point E there was again a strong one Movement down, for which the big players again have no reason to look for stops above Point F. After that, a sideways market formed and the movement at Point G was very strong again. That was initially the reason why the upward trend ran to Point H. With the future data you can always see very well at the crucial points how many traders are stopped in the opposite trend.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The course of the last 24 hours shows some nice examples. At Point A, around 6 p.m. on Wednesday, there was a strong downward movement where many traders assumed the price would go up again. For this reason, the course at point G and I was not pushed over point A because there were not many stops to be expected there. After an equilibrium, there was a strong downward movement at point B. No further stops were needed via Point D because they were needed for the upward trend. Point C and E once again formed a strong resistance zone that could not be broken. Then the course went up again. At Point F we came to the resistance zone of the equilibrium at Point B. Many hoped for a further downward trend. A strong upward movement broke through this resistance zone and a new key candle was formed. There was a stronger return at the high of point G, which did not have to be overcome with point I, since there were no further decisive stops there. Then the course ran to Point J. Points C, E and J formed a strong resistance zone, where many suspected that the course could go up again. He did that for a short moment, but then there was a strong downward movement and a new key candle was formed. With the upward movement from point L to point M, the big players did not have to look for any further stops above point K because few traders were involved in this downward movement. In the further downward movement there was another key candle at Point P, which was not overcome in the subsequent upward trend.

A key candle doesn't always have to be a strong move, but it should unexpectedly run in an opposite direction that most merchants didn't expect. If this movement then breaks through a certain important resistance zone, one could mark it as a key candle. To train these key candles, I recommend working with an M5 or M15 chart. First choose a currency pair whose exchange rate you do not know and go back in time. You can now draw your key candles using HH and LL as well as typical resistance zones. If you then scroll forward, you can immediately see whether you were right or not. If you were wrong, try to find out why they couldn't see it or switch to a different unit of time. Of course, this will not always work, but it is a small support that can often help you. You should note that the resistance zones are usually created by the big players and you should always ask yourself what the big players are trying to achieve. The moment you think like the big players, you are a decisive step ahead. Of course you can not get the crucial information in the Forex market, we will deal with this in detail in our new project number 10.

I wish you a successful trading day tomorrow

best regards

Michael

--- 帖子 #1322 ---
Crucial zones in the EURUSD

Hello dear subscribers,

I would like to go into the open gap that I have spoken of several times.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

On April 23, 2017, a gap of almost 180 pip was created over the weekend. Part of the gap was closed at 85 pip over the next three days. The price then went up from 1.08205 to 1.255. Overall, there is still an open gap of around 90 pip in the market. Since around 95% of all gaps will closed, we have to deal with whether this gap is also closed. If so, the price should be below 1.07299. That is still about 110 pip away from today's open.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

On February 10, 2020 the price reached the end of the gap and broke it briefly on February 11, 2020. After all, the price went down to 1.08265 today, so it hasn't touched the open gap yet, the zone is 1.08205. It will be interesting to see how the course reacts when this zone is overcome. Of course, I cannot predict whether the gap will eventually be closed, it is exciting to only pay attention to these zones and to know them.

I wish you an success trading day and good luck.

best regards

Michael

--- 帖子 #1323 ---
Open gap in Euro FX

Hello dear traders,

on Friday I briefly addressed the topic of "open gap" in the Forex from April 2017. The price went up again on Friday, but it only missed the lowest low by 1.5 pip at the close of trading. There are still missing only 7 pip to reach the open gap.

Things look a little different in the Future Euro FX.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

On Friday, the price was already twice in the open gap at the start of the exchange (Point A) and the end of the exchange (Point D). First of all, this is very interesting information for us. The difference to the forex market arises from the swaps.  The price rose from point A later in the day, accepting the open gap twice as a kind of resistance. On the 500 Delta Chart you can see the respective delta of the limit orders in the individual candles. At Point B a delta of 1,125 lots was created in the area of the sell limit orders around 15:00 CET. In this area, 1,125 lots more sell limit orders were triggered than buy limit orders. Then the price went down. In the area of Point C, a delta of 2,079 sell limit orders was created this time. The course tried to break through this area again strongly, but was rejected downwards. Point D has already placed over 1,200 lots in the form of buy limit orders, which in part could mean an exit from the dollar. Then the course went to Point E. The total delta (ask bid) is also declining, as is the open interest. It seems as if there are still a few 1000 lots open in the sell limit orders area, which would speak for a further price trend downwards. If more strong sell orders come in at the start of the exchange tonight, the buy limits could be broken and the price could continue to run into the open gap. However, I can not predict whether these open sell limit orders will be resolved in the course of Sunday / Monday, which could then lead to a new rise. So it remains exciting and maybe next Monday will bring us further important information.

I wish you a successful Monday

best regards

Michael

--- 帖子 #1324 ---
Good morning Michael.

Incredible what a valuable informations you are posting in your thread.

That is 100% what I was missing in my trading to bring it to a more professional stage.

Your screenshots already posted in August last year are exactly what I m looking for in naked m1 charts.

https://www.forexfactory.com/attachm...5&d=1565354410

https://www.forexfactory.com/attachm...6&d=1565354410

https://www.forexfactory.com/attachm...7&d=1565354411

It is really precise described.

Currently I m reading it the second or third time and find always something new, what I overread before.

Basicly we are all small kids, playing in marketmakers front yards sandbox and marketmaker gives us cookies and tee to keep us playing.

Your postings included the displaying of the software are a incredible piece of work.

I was searching for something that displays a "wash out/clearing the books" since last summer.

Meanwhile I downloaded the Advances Times And Sales software and watch the vids how to get started.

This thread leads to the basic, what moves the market (Orders) and make it visible.

The context must every trader find/have for itself.

Congrats, never seen such a information displayed on a forum.

Did you try other instruments like AU EG EJ or UJ as well?

Guido

--- 帖子 #1325 ---
Efficient currency pair

[quote=Sesamstrasse;12758114]{quote} Good morning Michael. Incredible what a valuable informations you are posting in your thread.

Hello Guido,

Thank you for the great compliment, I am very happy that the informations help you. I have been dealing intensively with my prop software and the stock exchange data for 1 year now and have come across very interesting aspects that we will discuss in more detail in our next project no.10. The big players work with different strategies, but with the right presentation of the stock market data, they become more and more predictable for me. The problem is that many traders deal with the volume profile, footprint charts and market orders, but one cannot identify the big players with that. So I think the next project will be one of the most important projects on this blog.

I find your question about the currency pairs very interesting, so I created a few slides for you. Basically, I only trade the EURUSD in the Forex market because it contains the greatest liquidity and is over 100 times larger than the Euro FX in the future market. A high level of liquidity in a currency pair often means a slightly lower volatility, but also a high level of stability in the event of a drawdown. First, let's take a look at how I determined my optimal currency pair.

Explanation: I have taken over the following division of the currency pairs major / minor from my broker. Every broker seems to classify this differently, because for me the AUSUSD is more of a major than a minor. For this reason, we should not bother about it.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Under Point A, I listed the main currency pairs and entered the average spread in all volatility phases that my broker calculated. In addition, I determined the average ATR of the last 3000 candles in the M1. This gives the average seconds it takes for a trade to run into profit. In the case of the EURUSD, this is exactly 25 seconds. The CADCHF currency pair, which was the most ineffective for me, took 108 seconds, over eight times as long as the EURUSD, to run into profit.

At Point B I calculated the most important minors. The GBPAUD takes an average of 28.5 seconds to run into profit and could well keep up with the EURUSD. The most ineffective currency pair AUDNZD even needs 138.5 seconds to run into profit.

At Point C I looked at how much loss the major currency pairs make within 1 minute. Here, too, the EURUSD is at the forefront. The GBPCAD loses four times as much as the EURUSD in 1 minute.

At Point D we see that the AUDUSD can certainly keep up with the EURUSD. The GBPNZD loses 9.2 pip in 1 minute, almost six times more than the AUDUSD.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

This resulted in a kind of ranking list, at Point A I determined how long a currency pair needed to run into profit, at Point B how high the losses were after 1 minute. The EURUSD and AUDUSD perform best here.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Now I have created a ranking of all currency pairs, looking at how high the losses and profits are within 3 minutes. This gave rise to a probability of winning. Let's take a closer look at the EURUSD. In 3 minutes you lose about 4.1 pip in EURUSD. This is made up of the spread of 0.5 pip and an ATR of 1.2 pip per minute. In the case of a win, you get 3 × 1.2 pip / minute and you have to deduct the spread from it. The result is 3.1 pip. To trade efficiently, I need at least a 56.9% chance of winning. In the case of the AUDNZD, you need a probability of winning 88.5% to act profitably, that is almost impossible.

At first glance, the first three currency pairs EURUSD, GBPAUD and AUDUSD seem lucrative. The problem is that GBPAUD is a minor currency that sometimes has very high drowdowns. If you can live with it, the GBPAUD is a good choice because you can earn three times more in the same time as in the EURUSD. For this reason, alongside the EURUSD, the GBPAUD would be the only alternative. What speaks against it is the lower liquidity in GBPAUD, which leads to larger drowdowns and uncontrolled swings. That's why the EURUSD is one of the safest currencies in the exchange market for me.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here I have now compared the most efficient and the worst currency pair. There are 20 trades in 3 minutes with a 50% chance of winning. In EURUSD you will lose -10 pip, while with AUDNZD you will lose -60 pip. That is a difference of -50 pip and a loss six times as high. So we see how important it is to find the right currency pair. The numbers and rankings of course change depending on volatility and spread. Therefore, I recommend every trader an individual calculation.

Compared to many currency pairs, the EURUSD is a rather slower contemporary, but it is most likely to make the most efficient gains. Of course, sometimes you want more movement in EURUSD, which is why I prefer the downward trends because they run 30-40% faster than the upward trends. Overall, I have found my optimal currency with the EURUSD and can set up my eight screens exclusively for this currency pair. This means I have all the important information at a glance without having to switch the view over time and can only concentrate on the market and my trade. I would never trade with a cell phone because I simply lack the crucial information from the stock market.

I hope that I was able to answer your question in detail and look forward to a great cooperation in this blog.

best regards

Michael

--- 帖子 #1326 ---
Ha, ha, that's curious. I have always been fond of EurUsd, while a trading friend of mine likes to trade GbpAud. For my friend EurUsd is 'boring', in fact he means that GbpAud is much more volatile. I have also tried GbpAud, and also GbpJpy, GbpUsd and EurJpy, but after some time I just came back to EurUsd, which for me was the most reliable, now I even know why, thanks to your interesting currency overview.

Today, it was President's Day, so I thought there wouldn't be much movement in EurUsd, but when you trade with a 12 tick, a 48 tick and a 64 tickchart, there is always something going on, ha ha. I'm still reading this thread and I'm now at the section where different trader styles are compared. So I'm a scalper, but there I read about a seconds scalper, scalping with 10 lots ...So, I thought, why not on my demo account, let's give it a try. At first, I fell from my chair when I saw the commission : 55 Euro, so my account was minus 55 Euro when price was at 1.08343, my opening price. The course had gone down for quite some time and my stoch was at the bottem and price was hitting my self drawn zones, so I went for a buy, of course completely against the 'trend', now what is a trend, ha ha, well when Euro is at 0 at my currency meter and Usd is over 8 levels there. Initially, price went a bit with the 'trend' so down (minus 90 on my account), but then it started to go up. I closed the trade very fast when price reached 1.08356. It took 7.45 minutes, that's pretty fast, profit 119.97 minus 55 = 64,97 net profit. It was still without stop loss, so now I just have to learn again to use stop loss, but for that I must become better in drawing my zones...BTW, I was also lucky, no stop loss with 10 lots is of course extremely dangerous, on my live account the maximum lot I have ever used is only 1.

Anyway, the 48 tickchart has become my favorite !

Best regards from Wulong

--- 帖子 #1327 ---
Currency converter

[quote=Wulong;12759242]Ha, ha, that's curious. I have always been fond of EurUsd, while a trading friend of mine likes to trade GbpAud. For my friend EurUsd is 'boring', in fact he means that GbpAud is much more volatile.

Hello Wulong,

with the currency converter you can now calculate your currency pairs optimally, I hope that helps you.

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1328 ---
Ok, thanks Michael, I'll give it a try.

Ha, ha, this week I have some time and today I wanted to watch what would happen when the 'big' economic news would be released regarding the EurUsd course (EURZEW Survey - Economic Sentiment (Feb) Germany). According to my indicators, I thought the course would first go down when the news was released at 11 hours. So I did a fast trade down on my demo. At the vertical line at my chart, you see a big magenta down candle. Most traders believed that EurUsd would continue to go down, but price jumped back up and when it was at about the same level as the big magenta down candle at 11 hours, it plunged down again and back up and down like a yoyo. Ha, some stophunting was definitely going on here ! And the traders who believed that the course would go down (maybe it will), were certainly stopped out when a couple of blue strong candles broke my zones I had drawn, price went in a short time from 1.08230 to 1.08365 ! High frequency traders or big players, whatever … I mostly look at Fx Street at their economic calender and just when this news was released a popup on the calender said : 'Trade now' . The big question is, in what direction should you trade ???? In this case the news is bad, so do the contrary of what 'normal' traders do, ha ha. Right now the price is in a range, but still higher than before the 'bad' news ...

And sorry for my messy chart.

Best regards,

Wulong

--- 帖子 #1329 ---
Bionic currency calculator

Hello dear subscribers,

In my last post I showed you how to calculate an efficient currency pair to get the best chance of winning.

Efficient currency pair

Today I would like to provide you with a calculator with which you can easily carry out this evaluation in excel.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

You must first fill in the color-coded fields with your individual entries.

Point A

The average spread that your broker requests for the respective currency pair is entered here. If your broker doesn't give you an average spread, try to calculate an average yourself.

Point B

The average ATR in M1 is calculated here. I provide you with an indicator for this. There you can enter the number of candles to calculate the ATR. Please note that the ATR is displayed in Pip / 10. In the example, 10.5 points = 1.05 pip.

Point C

Here you enter the number of minutes a trade should run. Under "Trades" you enter the number of trades to be calculated and under "win" how many of these calculated trades run into profit. That´s all.

Point D and E

The spread and the ATR are displayed once more again.

Point F

Here, the average ATR is used to calculate how many seconds it takes a trade to run into profit.

Point G

Here it is calculated how high the loss is within 3 minutes.

Point H

Here it is calculated how high the profit is in 3 minutes.

Point I

The probability of winning relates to a loss and a profit.

Point J

In this example, five wins are calculated over 3 minutes each, the setting can be changed via point C.

Point K

In this example, five losers are calculated over 3 minutes each. You can change the setting via Point C.

Point L

Here you can see the overall result of Point J and K, which is shown in Pip.

Of course, this representation is only a rough calculation and should initially only give you an overview. However, this will enable you to find your optimal currency pair and possibly optimize your profits in the future.

I wish you much success with it to increase your probability of winning even more successfully in the future.

Best regards

Michael

Attached File(s)   atr_value_indicator.ex4

10 KB
|
1,043 downloads
Attached File(s)   bionic currency calculator.xlsx

21 KB
|
787 downloads

--- 帖子 #1330 ---
Hello Bionics, thank you for indicator.

Indicator has to calculate data for colour-coded cells in table...it should not be anything left for user to enter.

---just my opinion----

--- 帖子 #1331 ---
Bionic currency calculator

Hello YYZ,

I absolutely agree with you, but I wanted to give my subscribers the opportunity to enter and calculate indexes, precious metals or raw materials. If someone deletes the formulas, they can simply download the file again. It was primarily about a trader being able to find his optimal currency pair.

I hope that my tool will help you

Lovely wishes

Michael

--- 帖子 #1332 ---
On the trail of the big players

Hello dear subscribers,

To prepare for our new project No. 10, I would like to show an interesting example today.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

last Sunday I submitted and wrote an analysis of the EURUSD:

It seems as if there are still a few 1000 lots left in the area of limit sales, which would indicate a further price trend downwards.

Open gap in Euro FX

Of course, I cannot make any specific trend or prognosis forecasts because the current market trend is crucial. The fact is that the big players use iceberg orders to collect, which are not visible in the form of limit orders or are very difficult to identify. These collection campaigns often take a few days, so time is always on our side.

Now let's take a look at what happened afterwards.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Let's start at point A. On February 7, 2020, a few 1000 lot sell limit orders were already collected in the zone shown. On Monday, February 10, 2020, the price was pushed up again and further sell limit orders were collected. At price level A, a total of 5,259 lots was created in the area of sell limit orders. Then the course was pushed into my drawn point B level. In order to push the price down further, further sell limit orders had to be collected. We can see very nicely that on Tuesday February 11th 2020 additional sell limit orders were collected. On Wednesday, February 12, 2020, further sell limit orders in this price level were collected, in total there were over 10,111 lots in the delta. The price was then pushed into price level F on Wednesday and Thursday. We can see that further sell limit orders started to collected again on Thursday at the low. 2079 lots was reached on Friday at price level F. In addition, the course at Point D managed to walk a bit into the open gap. Monday was a typical gathering day, at Point E a delta of 4,120 sell limit orders was reached. In total, a sell limit delta of 7,662 lots was formed at price level F. Tuesday started with a small positive gap, but it was no longer able to enter price level F. After that, the course ran into the open gap to Point G. The stronger green lines, down the course, are largely exits from the dollar. In order to push the price down further, further sell limit orders would have to be collected, so we should take a closer look today. Another equilibrium could possibly be formed to collect further sell limits and then drive the price deeper into the open gap. In the chart we can also see that there were some exits before Point F and a larger exits before Point G. However, there should still be many 1000 sell limits to push the price further down. We can tell from the limit orders, whether the price is now recovering or an equilibrium is forming. Therefore, it is always crucial to pay attention to the current market situation.

Yesterday around 4:00 p.m. an interesting situation arose, that I would like to show you.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

At Point A around 11:00 a.m. the EURUSD course ran for the first time in the open gap, for testing. It was a crucial point for me to wait for a good short trade. When the course had a strong breakout at around 11:30 a.m., it was clear to me that no stops could be expected above this zone. There I looked for a suitable entry. Now the price went into the open gap to point C. Since I had no reference value in the past, I could not take the trade to the low. Then the course went up again to Point D and left the open gap. At Point D an interesting situation arose that we want to take a closer look at.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

At Point A, we can see in the time and sales list that strong cumulative and non-cumulative sell market orders came into the market. At Point B we see that the buy market orders in the cumulative and non-cumulative areas were very sparse. Suddenly we saw a strong buy limit order of 474 lots in the DOM. This order was about five times bigger, as the other limit orders.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In the overview, it initially looked like as follows. At point A, we can first see, that highly accumulated and non-accumulated market bids entered the market. Immediately afterwards, strong market ask came into the market, which was triggered by the stops of the short traders. At Point B we see that the big players placed strong sell limit orders in the market to intercept the price upwards. The price was then pushed down, triggering the long traders' stops again. Then suddenly a strong accumulated buy market order came on the market. For many traders, it looked like the market was going Long. In fact, a big player provided himself liquidity by placing a strong buy market order on the market and absorbing it with a sell limit order. The big player also placed a large buy limit order of 472 lots on the market. All traders have now assumed that the market is clearly going up. After all, a large buy market order and a large buy limit order in the DOM cannot be wrong. The large buy limit order was finally deleted and the buy market folder quickly dissolved when the price went down. This gave the big player enough liquidity to push the price down again by 40 pip. Because many traders enteredlong trades, you indirectly helped the big player push the price down further after their stops were triggered.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

If we look at the pure headmap of this situation, we can see relatively easily that we had a much higher supply than a demand in the limit area. This view can also help us in many cases.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

At Point A we can see yesterday's course down again. What is striking is that at point B strong sell limit orders have already come onto the market. Today the price went up and again formed a stronger sell limit delta of 2.684 lots at point C. I could imagine that the price would continue to run into the open gap, but I believe that the big players could still collect some sell limits. Therefore, we should keep an eye on this zone and see how the delta develops in the area of the sell limits. If a strong zone develops, we will see that the price always moves around this zone to collect further sell limits. As soon as the price goes down and accepts this strong sell limit delta zone as resistance, this could be the start of another breakout.

We will talk about these limit orders in detail in our next project, because the limit orders are more important to me than the market orders.

I wish you a successful trading day

best regards

Michael

--- 帖子 #1333 ---
Hi, Bionics   Could share the screenshot/picture of volumn bar of any financial product  AND setting=1 volumn? Tks

--- 帖子 #1334 ---
1 volume chart

Hello extjsjquery,

First of all, I hope I understand your question correctly. With my software can display almost all different charts.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I once created for you (Point A) a 1 volume chart in Euro FX. The problem is, that the chart can only represent 1 volume, if only 1 volume comes in. The exact definition of a volume is the result of Bid plus Ask. Not to be confused with the delta volume that means ask minus bid. At Point B you can see the smart tape, there you can see all non-cumulative market sell orders, filtered from minimum 20 lots. The cumulated market sell orders are listed next to it. Today at 08:21 CET (Point C) a market sell order of 120 lots came into the market, at 10:12 (Point D) a market sell order of 80 lots came into the market. These non-cumulative orders are also shown in a 1 volume chart with 120 lots or 80 lots. So it would make no sense to use a 1 volume chart since most orders are larger than 1 lot.

A 1-tick chart is much more efficient, because 1 tick means a trading transaction. This allows you to quickly find out how much solder an individual trading participant has given up. Under Point E you can see the different ways to create a chart. The corresponding numbers can be changed from 1 to infinity. The charts can be displayed for all available futures. The volume in the future is not comparable to the volume in forex, since the volume in forex is generated from the ticks, while the future volume is derived from bid and ask.

On the topic of volume, you will find very detailed articles in this blog from August 15, 2019, which will certainly help you.

How important is the volume?

I hope I could help you a little and wish you a successful trading day.

best regards

Michael

--- 帖子 #1335 ---
be very grateful to your reply. Could you enlarge the picture since I did not see the detailed part of the bar clearely. Or you can point which chart is the 1 volumn chart that I upload below,chart a or chart b for 1 volumn chart?

--- 帖子 #1336 ---
Breakout in EURUSD?

Hello dear subscribers,

A brief summary of the current status in EURUSD.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

On Tuesday at Point A, the price went down and started to collect sell limit orders again. Yesterday (Point B) was a typical collecting Day for me, where stronger sell limit orders were activated again in the rising price. Today at Point C, collecting continued in the area of sell limit orders. Overall, a sell limit delta of approximately 9,000 lots is likely to have been reached in four key areas. In my view, that would be enough to be able to profitably reach the end of the gap. However, I believe that the big players will continue to collect a little bit and at the same time stop the short traders. Increased volatility is expected in 1/2 hour, which would be a nice opportunity to throw the short traders out of the market and then possibly push the price down. Whether this will already be the case today depends essentially on what is still collected in the area of sell limit orders and whether the stops (8-12 pip above the daily open) are still being picked up. Nevertheless, I could imagine that the collection campaign should be completed by tomorrow at the latest and that the course could run down again. It is now crucial to pay attention to exactly these zones and to observe how many sell limit orders can still be collected in the next hour. If the price breaks up first, you could consider the upper sell limit zone as resistance. I'm curious to see how the market behaves today. Most of the time it works differently, than we initially suspect.

I keep my fingers crossed for everyone and wish you a successful trading day

best regards

Michael

--- 帖子 #1337 ---
Prop software

Hello extjsjquery,

The chart is not an MT4 chart, but a prop software that is supported by a stock market data feed from CQG.

best regards

Michael

--- 帖子 #1338 ---
tks

--- 帖子 #1339 ---
Bionic currency calculator

Hello dear subscribers,

Two days ago I provided you with a calculator that allows you to calculate an efficient currency pair to get the best chance of winning.

Bionic currency calculator

I have now calculated a few indices and precious metals based on my individual data.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The USA Tech, USA 500 and the DAX are now above the EURUSD, but the EURUSD still has the highest liquidity with a trading volume of $ 2 trillion per day. With the calculator you will achieve different results depending on the spread and you may still find an more efficient currency pair, indices or precious metal.

I wish you a successful trading day

best regards

Michael

--- 帖子 #1340 ---
1 volume chart

Hello extjsjquery,

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I hope you are happy with it.

best regards

--- 帖子 #1341 ---
Hi Michael

I believe that you are familiar with the trader and coder GomCD who is I guess one of the pioneers in the cumulative delta indis. The indis and codes from him are open source and for data futures, for platforms that we use.

I guess you can try take a look and this can save you some work and a little edge since it is all open source.

Hope this can help.

Cheers have a great weekend

--- 帖子 #1342 ---
Cumulative delta

Hello Dcrs,

Thank you for the tip, this variant could be a cheap alternative for many traders. I dealt with GOM Price Ladder, Market Delta, and Order Flow a year ago, but the presentation is not sufficient for me. In addition, I don't find the Ninja Trader quite as professional. In my Prop software I can use all the indicators I have programmed myself, even though the system is not open source. Sometimes that's a good thing, especially when it comes to a lot of money. The big problem is that all software providers focus on the market orders. They move the market, but they don't show me in which direction the price will go. Limit orders are solely responsible for this, and it is precisely in this area that most providers have significant weaknesses. I'll go into that in more detail at our project 10. Thank you again for the idea.

I wish you a successful trading day

best regards

Michael

--- 帖子 #1343 ---
No problem Michael

The idea was only a shot to try give some help and save some hard work for you in coding.

I used to use Gom in the ninja 7 platform not on this days anymore....

As you know this has been long time ago since ninja for quite a while is on version 8 much more faster and "better" if we compare with the old one version 7, but I also preffer to use the same platform that you use in present.

Tks good weekend to you too buddy.

--- 帖子 #1344 ---
Strong Buy Limits on Thursday

Hello dear subscribers,

A crazy week is over and on Friday once again proved that the big players are doing exactly the opposite of what the masses expect. Let's take a closer look at that.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Last week we can see very well how sell limit orders were collected on Thursday, Friday and Monday (point A, B, C) and the price was finally pushed down on Tuesday.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Although we had a stronger short on Tuesday, the sell limit orders continued to be collected on Wednesday. The sell limits at points A and B suggested that the price could go lower.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

On Thursday the price went down again and we can see at Point A that buy limit orders were increasingly collected. I suspected that the price should be pushed up a bit again to stop the short traders and then continue to go down.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

At the time, like many others, I would not have expected on friday, the course to go this far. At Point B we see that further strong buy limit orders have already entered the market on the high.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In the overall overview, however, we can see that smaller sell limit orders were collected at Point A on Friday. The majority of traders assumed that the price would go down again on Friday to close the open gap. I suspect that the big players realized that on Thursday at Point C, many traders went short, to be part of another move down. Larger sell limit orders entered the market on Tuesday and Wednesday, so I could imagine that there are still some open positions in this area. If so, the price should come back relatively quickly. The big player may also be out of his short position on Thursday because so many traders were hoping for another short. With this, the big player could not have made big profits in the area of short positions, but by moving up, he would have got a much better start for a short.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In the overview of EURUSD in Forex, we can see that the market was waiting for another short on Wednesday and Thursday. There was another strong breakout on Thursday and Friday, which also supported the assumption. With the breakout upwards, the price first took out the high from last Friday (point B). With my zigzag indicator you can see stronger breakouts upwards at points C, D, E, F and G. From the respective starting point, the traders were very bearish there. There were some stronger moves down, but the strong moves up were outnumbered. This means that the majority of retail traders in this equilibrium were bearish. A big player only pushes the price in a certain direction if the majority of retail traders are oriented in the opposite direction. This upward reaction could have been foreseen, but I have paid less attention to my zigzag indicator over the past few days. I will definitely keep an eye on that next week.

I wish you a successful trading week

best regards

Michael

--- 帖子 #1345 ---
Problems for the big players?

Hello dear subscribers,

Before we take a closer look at limit orders in our next project, I would like to take a closer look at a big player that I admire very much. Goldman Sachs is one of the best and most professional traders in the world in my eyes. In the past 20 years, this group of traders has achieved above-average results. I have reported about this several times in the past. In the last few days, I have looked a little closer to Goldman Sachs' numbers and worked out a few interesting points. The detailed business data of Goldman Sachs can be found here:

Goldman Sachs Group Inc (GS) SEC Filing 10-K Annual report

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I used the numbers to create a table for you that lists Goldman Sachs' last ten years in sales. At Point A we see the gains or losses Goldman Sachs made on different trading days. The green fields show the positive trading days, the red fields show the negative trading days within a year. At Point B I have averaged the past ten years.

Point C

On average, Goldman Sachs completed 253 trading days per year, including 221 trading days in profit and 31 trading days in loss.

Point D

Profits were made on 87.6% of all trading days, which I think is an excellent achievement. At first glance, you might think that Goldman Sachs is doing well. However, that is only half the truth. Because what counts is what you earn on these positive trading days (87.6%). For this, I have created a calculation that can deviate significantly from the realistic numbers, as these are only approximate values.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

At point A, I first took an average to create a calculation. The annual reports use $ 25 million increments, so I used the average here. At Point B I also assumed this mean for the losses. At point C this results in the total profit and the losses that I calculated from point D for each year. This resulted in the total profit per day at Point D. At first glance, everything looks excellent.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Goldman Sachs generated approximately $ 51.3 million in earnings from 2010-2014 and $ 37.7 million per day from 2015-2019. This is actually a decrease of 26.5%. For such a professional company, this is already a significant decline. While the profit and loss days have not changed in the past 10 years, the daily profit has decreased significantly.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In my article: "The new generation of traders" I have already estimated that the big players win around $ 400 million a day. With over $ 40 million in daily earnings, Goldman Sachs would have a 10% stake. Deutsche Bank and other major banks would share the remaining 90% and there are certainly bigger big players than Goldman Sachs. Nevertheless, Goldman Sachs was able to prove over 20 years that they are among the most profitable players, for me it was crucial how Goldman Sachs has work in the past decade.

You can find my contribution here:

The new generation of traders

The big question is why has Goldman Sachs made 26.5% less money a day over the past five years than from 2010-2014? On the one hand, it is certainly due to the high-frequency traders, who make the big player's life more difficult, and the institutional traders, who can access ever better technology with optimized algorithms. Another reason could be the other big players e.g. Deutsche Bank who manage to act more efficiently. In addition, I also believe that there are more retail traders today who work with significantly better profit rates than 10 years ago. The reason is better data feeds and a deeper insight into the markets. Brokers are also interested in keeping their customers long-term and provide their customers with better information today than they did a few years ago.

Of course, we cannot determine exactly why the market for a large player like Goldman Sachs has become more difficult than it was five years ago. We definitely notice that spending on analysts and high-quality technology no longer offers the big advantage. On the other hand, this could also be an opportunity for the professional retail traders who are active in the market.

Now one could assume that if the market gets heavier for a big player, it actually also has to automatically become harder for retail traders. This claim needs to be differentiated because the trading strategies of big players and retail traders differ significantly from one another. If a retail trailer has chosen a certain price level at which it would like to get started, this is immediately possible. An exit can also take place immediately. A big player may have to collect a certain number of Bid or Ask over a few days and then push it in a certain direction. Even getting out takes some time and cannot even done immediately. Of course, the big player can move the market because of his large capital, but there are other big players who have to represent the interests of their customers. This often leads to conflicts of interest that can mean millions of dollars in losses. In addition, a big player is exposed to a risk of loss much longer, since it takes significantly longer to enter and exit as for the retail trader. Last week, the big players bought a large number of sell limit orders to push the price further into the open gap. Unfortunately, many retailers and institutional traders jumped on the bandwagon at the same time. The big players had to create a new plan last Thursday, sold their positions to retail traders and institutional traders, and then pushed the price up. As we can see, collecting bid and ask is becoming an increasing problem for big players.

We retail traders can take advantage of this disadvantage of big players. We can enter and exit the market almost at any time. To make the right trading decisions, we only need the right tools and the right market view. The question is always how to use these options. We will never get the full view, but we learn from our mistakes and get better every day. In the next few weeks, we will be dealing with an interesting market analysis, that I have never seen anywhere else. I am convinced that this could be another milestone on our blog.

I wish you a successful trading week

best regards

Michael

--- 帖子 #1346 ---
Very nice Michael

I also admire the Goldman and Sachs for the last years they really took the top from other and are this days the number 1, in my opion.

The K10 report I had taking a look for the last years by myself.

Very interest your post.

Can not wait for see what you are going bring to the blog on next project and your approach of it.

I am Curious about your view/approache on limit orders.

The cumulative delta was a point and is something personal to me that I like a lot to trade.

Tks and congrats

--- 帖子 #1347 ---
Goldman Sachs

[quote=Dcrs;12772769]{quote} Very nice Michael

Hello Dcrs,

First of all, thank you for your kind feedback. This report on Goldman Sachs was created by accident because I have not been able to understand some situations in the last 4 days in EURUSD. That is why I again dealt with the question of how the big players operate in the market. In doing so, I rediscovered the K10 reports of the past 10 years and roughly readed the 2000 page annual report. From this information my last post about Goldman Sachs arose. To learn how the market works, we need to understand how big players work.

The challenge is that the big players fly an airplane while the retail traders are driving a car. When a pilot tries to explain to a driver how to control an airplane, the driver is overwhelmed. The way big players and retail traders work differs significantly in how they work. The volume chart, the footprint charts and the market profile are exclusively geared towards market orders, even the DOM and the time and sales list almost only provide specific information about the orders that move the market. This may be an advantage in the short term, but in the medium and long term only the limit orders determine the direction in the market. And it is precisely this approach that is not provided for in almost all trading instruments. We retail traders try to track down the big players' planes with a car navigation system. There are streets in the sky, but we cannot find the big players with the market orders because they only place iceberg orders in the accumulation and distribution phases. And these limit orders are almost impossible to locate. That's why volume charts, footprint charts and the market profile don't really help. But I have found a solution, so we have to look more closely at the individual order types. In the past few weeks, I have already developed a few records and strategies that I still have to formulate. It is just a new way of looking at the markets, it is not a system, but a way to improve your setup. It is interesting that we cannot do without the forex data, since they have an indispensable advantage over the futures data.

The combination of futures and forex data, when viewed correctly, gives a concrete view of the markets that has not previously been considered. While the volume trader has felt an advantage in recent years, my long-term approach is exactly the opposite. If you want to follow the big player, you have to act exactly like the big player. Anyone who tries this only by looking at market orders will not get anywhere.

I hope we can start our new project at the end of this week.

I wish you a successful trading week

best regards

Michael

--- 帖子 #1348 ---
Hi Michael

I totally agree with your post, and thoughts.

I actually have a personal view that If I share here at this moment others would probably call me crazy, and I do not want to create any kind of discussions and not even close take the focus of this beautiful thread that you create and are keeping very alive and more and more interesting.

Unfortunately I am barely having time to read and keep up on a few threads like this one that I truly have identification with me as person, trader and market views.

--- 帖子 #1349 ---
Current sell limit orders in EURUSD

Hello dear subscribers,

Here is some current information from the EURUSD.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The week before last, a large number of sell limit orders were collected in the zone at Point A on Thursday, Friday and Monday. Then the price was pushed down on Tuesday. Initially, further sell limit orders were collected on Tuesday and Wednesday. Since many retail traders believed that the price would continue to move downwards, the sell limit orders of the big players were given to the retail traders. The big players collected stronger buy limit orders on Thursday and pushed the price up on Friday. Now you start building stronger sell limit orders again in zone C.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Yesterday, stronger sell limit orders were placed on the high and today we can see that in the known zone C an increased collection of sell limits is continuing. We should watch Zone C today, an equilibrium could possibly take place there where further sell limit orders are collected. If the stronger sell limit orders at point A represent an exit from the euro, the current collection in the distribution phase could mean a further downward decline. This zone seems interesting and we should definitely keep an eye on they today.

On the other hand, there are still a few buy limit orders in Friday's market. There a stronger buy limit delta was generated on the high. Then the price went down on Monday and may have eliminated long traders. It is not uncommon for stronger buy limit orders to be high, but in our case the number is already very high. If the price doesn't go down anymore, it could trigger some nice longs.

We'll be surprised

I wish you a successful trading day

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1350 ---
36 pip move in EURUSD

Hello dear subscribers,

Another clever strategy of the big players in EURUSD.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

3 hours ago from 09:30 CET to 10:10 CET came 2,681 Lot Buy Market in the market on one price level. We were at a price level anyway, where many assumed that the price could go up. Now suddenly an extremely large number of buy market orders entered the market, which prompted many traders to take a long position. We will now take a closer look at why the price went down after.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

From 9:30 a.m. I noticed in the order book that buy market orders came into the market and were absorbed at a price level. At first, this is nothing special, since absorption takes place regularly in the market.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

First I looked at the limit orders and found that a big player was absorbing strongly in the sell limit area. If you look at the footprint chart in M5 (1st slide) again, you will find that there was not that much liquidity in the market at that time. For this reason, no one would have absorbed so many buy market orders at this moment. So how was that possible?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I first looked at my headmap and found that a big player made liquidity available to himself. Now let's see how that went

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The green circles at point A represent the cumulative and non-cumulative buy market orders. In addition, you can see from the blue arrow, a great willingness on the sell limit side to accept this large number of buy limit orders at exactly the same time. The big player now had around 2000 Lot Market Buy and 2000 Lot Limit Sell in the market. At point B, the big player started to dissolve his buy market order, the price went down and triggered some stops of the long traders. The majority of traders were convinced, that the market was going up. New buy market orders came in. The big player used these purchase orders to get out of his remaining position. At point E it was a good time for me to start with a short. I did not assume a stop run from point E upwards, since the fewest traders assumed a short at the upper price level. When the price went down from point D and was pushed up again, the goal was to push possible short traders below point D out of the market. So for me point E was the last high in this game.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In the yellow line of Forex Chart M1, a total of approximately 270,000 Lot Buy Market was brought into the market, since the Forex market is 100 times larger than the future market. We recognize, from 9:30 am-10:10am CET the cumulative delta has risen extremely. For many, this was also an indication that a big player is buying extremely heavily into the market. The overall strategy was very smart as traders in the futures market could only see the buy market orders. At first, many thought that there was a strong resistance zone that needed to be broken. Very few knew that the big player had provided itself with liquidity. In recent weeks, I have noticed more and more, that the big players are increasingly making themselves lvolume available. At this point you are making some loss with your market orders, but you are making up for them with your limit orders. With this strategy, you are able to initiate larger trend movements immediately without having to laboriously collect. To see how things are going today, you should pay attention to how the limit orders continue to behave. To get out of the dollar, the big player needs a large number of ask. However, this may not be necessary at this point in time, because the big player may push the price further down, which would increase profits. I hope that I was able to show you how important it is to pay attention to the limit orders. This is exactly what we will deal with in the next few weeks.

I wish you a successful trading day

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1351 ---
Own liquidity for the big players

Hello dear subscribers,

In my last post I reported over another strategy of the big players, as I have noticed more and more in recent weeks that the big players are increasingly making volume available to themselves.

36 pip move in EURUSD

First, let's take a look at what exactly happened yesterday.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Yesterday around 10:00 CET at Point A a delta in the sell limit area of 2658 lot was created. A big player put round 2000 Lot Market Buy on the market, which he also absorbed with his own limit sell orders. At the moment, the market saw only the strong buy market orders that came into the market, so many go long . The market has been pushed down and an equilibrium is forming at point B, where the big player may have left his short position. At point C buy limit orders came into the market and the price was pushed to point D. The same thing happened there as at Point A. The big player placing large buy market orders, which he also absorbed with his own sell limit orders. The market of course saw this too and wanted to do it right this time so as not to be stopped again. Many position themselves short here. Overall, a delta in the sell limit range of 2404 lots was created at the same price level. Then the price was pushed up.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here you can see the data from the future market, in the area of the limit order. The strong delta was created at point A and the price was pushed to point B. There you can see that the stronger orders for limit orders entered the market. Then the price was pushed to Point C where the big players again made available liquidity and a large sell limit delta was created. Basically, I cannot yet say exactly which positions are still open and which have been closed, because this strategy is too new for me. First of all, it is important that we are able to recognize when a big player is making liquidity available to itself.

In my last posts I described the differences between big players and retail traders in the area of their actions.

Follow Smart Money !!!

The only disadvantage that big players have is the fact that they cannot immediately enter the market with large positions because there is simply not enough volume and liquidity. As a rule, they have always used the equilibrium to build up their position and had to wait for ECB or FED meetings to push the price up or down in an increased volatility. So sometimes it took them days to build up their position and then realize their profits. On the one hand, this costs time and on the other hand, with your open positions, you are exposed to a certain risk compared to other big players. In my report on Goldman Sachs you can see that the daily sales figures have dropped by almost 30%. 30% less sales with the same risk is a significant factor for a large, successful company.

Problems for the big players?

I am convinced that the big players are currently trying out a new strategy in different currency pairs by making massive amounts of liquidity available to themselves. Basically, this approach is not new because it has been used time and time again, but this strategy has increased in recent weeks. I think the big players are looking for a solution to get liquidity faster.

In principle, this is initially a hegde if you absorb your market buy orders simultaneously with limit sell orders. The positions secure each other, but we must not forget the double costs involved. Of course, the big players do not have the same costs as a retail trader, but they are actually twice as high at this moment. Of course there is now the possibility to first push the price up and get out of the market buy orders on the high. After that, the price could be pushed down to exit the limit sell orders on the low. One risk that arises is that if you exit your market buy orders on the high, you are still in loss, as the limit sell positions are still open and double spread fees have to be taken into account. If the big player then does not manage to push the price down, he automatically runs into loss.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Now let's look at a few other options.

Point A

2000 Lot Market Buy Orders will be absorbed by 2000 Lot Limit Sell Orders. The big player tries to exit his limit sell orders at a loss, whereby the dissolution of these orders could help him push the price up. The strong market buy orders are perceived in the future market.

Point B

2000 Lot Market Buy Orders will be absorbed by 2000 Lot Limit Sell Orders. The big player tries to get out of his market buy orders at a loss, whereby the dissolution of these orders could help him to push the price down. The strong market buy orders are perceived in the future market.

Point C

2000 Lot Market Sell Orders will be absorbed by 2000 Lot Limit buy orders. The big player tries to exit his market sell orders at a loss, whereby the dissolution of these orders could help him push the price up. The strong market sell orders are perceived in the future market.

Point D

2000 Lot Market Sell Orders will be absorbed by 2000 Lot Limit buy orders. The big player tries to exit his limit buy orders at a loss, whereby the dissolution of these orders could help him to push the price down. The strong market sell orders are perceived in the future market.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I am convinced that this approach is a kind of experiment that the big players conduct to check whether it is worthwhile to provide liquidity or volume themselves. Basically, I think that a hedge makes sense to hedge positions, but I am still very critical as to whether it can be used to develop a profitable strategy. The big player would definitely have a time advantage, since he is able to create liquidity on the market faster. This contrasts with the risk of two positions and twice the cost. I believe that the big players will examine and evaluate this more intensively in the coming weeks and months. The trading range may decrease somewhat if the big player initially leaves both positions open.

First of all, this approach is new and somewhat unusual for me, but it creates a little more movement in the market. A major disadvantage that the big players have not yet noticed: If they provide themselves with liquidity at one price level, this is noticeable in the market. In the past, they were able to collect iceberg orders in the accumulation or distribution phase without the majority noticing. If you now make your own liquidity available, they will come out of the darkness and everyone can see them. With the right tools, it's only a matter of time before one know exactly what you're going to do next. Big players may find a way to make even faster profits , but they are also more predictable. For the successful retail traders, this means a significantly higher probability of winning.

The crucial question we have to ask ourselves: Why does a big player change his strategy? The answer is very simple: Because he is no longer so successful with his previous strategy. If his strategy were successful, he wouldn't change it. That means the big players have bigger problems than they did a few years ago. In this respect, they have a great need to act to increase their daily profits again. This change in strategy shows that they are no longer as successful as they were a few years ago and are looking for a solution. On the other hand, if they don't win as much anymore, that means that retail traders don't lose as much anymore. It is basically a positive aspect, it shows that the retail traders are on the right track.

I noticed that my approach in the past 12 months,  I have come a lot closer to the big players. The price and trends can be calculated much more clearly and efficiently, and breakouts are easier to predict if you know what the big players bought before. You will never get a 100% market view, with the right money management and setup 50% is enough. Every percent that can be improved has a direct impact on profits. I hope that by the weekend I will be able to start our new project number 10, where we will deal with exactly these things.

I wish you a successful trading week

best regards

Michael

--- 帖子 #1352 ---
Big player experiment "own liquidity"

Hello dear subscribers,

In my last post I wrote about the experimentation of big players on how to make liquidity available to themselves. Tuesday once again showed this impressively. After the course on Wednesday, I have a rough idea how it could have happened the day before yesterday. First of all, I think that two big players have teamed up to do this joint experiment.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

At Point A yesterday on Tuesday 10:00 CET, 2000 market buy orders were absorbed by 2000 limit sell orders. Then the price was pushed down over 50 ticks. At Point B, the big players might have left their dollar position with 2000 limit buy orders. In the area of point C, the big players could have collected around 500 lot buy limit orders again, after which they pushed the price up. At Point D they played the same game again around 5:00 CET. Again, 2000 market buy orders were absorbed by 2000 limit sell orders. The majority of the market has assumed that it will go short again, the same as at 10:00 CET in the morning. The two big players take advantage of this and push the course very quickly and massively higher. At Point E, they placed 4500 Limits Sell in the market and got out of the euro. At that point the market was very bullish and you can see from the candle at Point F that there were enough buy market orders to service the large limit sell order. Of course, the limit sell orders was activated at different price levels so as not to deter long traders. Then the big players bought another 500 limit sell orders and pushed the market down to point G. There they gradually released their still open dollar positions. Then they was complitly out of market.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The entire experiment would have made a profit of over $ 2 million in the Future Market, but the number of lots in the Forex Market is approximately 100 times larger. That would mean that the two big players would have earned over $ 100 million each with this experiment. Now one might have to deduct the costs and assume that they could not entirely resolve their last position in profit. In order to push the price up and down, however, they also had to bring further market orders into the market, which of course also made a profit. I did not take these profits into account. $ 100 million a day profit is an interesting amount considering Goldman Sachs only earns about $ 33 million a day. If Goldman Sachs was involved in this experiment, you would have tripled your earnings in a day. This would not have been possible that quickly with the available liquidity on the market. However, since the big players provided themselves with liquidity, this was still possible in this case. This day was probably so positive because there was relatively little liquidity in the market at the time. However, the risk could increase dramatically if there is more liquidity in the market. Then the course could quickly move strongly in another direction. As long as the big player has a short and long position in the market, the risk is technically manageable, but it becomes problematic when he has dissolved a position and the market moves strong against him.

Basically, I find this procedure very interesting, exciting and easier to calculate than if you had to collect for a long time. The market movements are smaller, faster, and more manageable. With the right tools, the situation can be grasped quickly and effectively and it is relatively easy to act on the move. In addition, the range is calculable and you can easily see when the big player gets out of his position. As soon as he is out of one position, we know that he still has an open position. In order to close them or bring them to profit, he has to drive the course in the opposite direction again. So we know when a course is going in a certain direction and how far it has to run. I'm curious if this experiment will be included as a future strategy among the big players. If so, we will be able to significantly improve our chances of winning.

The big players have been trading in the forex market for over 20 years, pay billions of dollars for analysts, traders and algorithms and should therefore know the market very well. The fact that they have suffered considerable losses in the area of their profits in the past 5 years shows a lack of creativity in their approach. They are now trying to correct these losses because shareholders continue to expect dividends and an increase in the value of the company. In addition, some banks have achieved up to 60% of their total profits in the stock exchange area. Now they are trying to eliminate their weak point (lengthy collecting at a price level) by providing themselves with liquidity. Of course they will adapt their new strategies, but the “own liquidity” experiment is easier for us to act than if we have to wait for days until the big player has collected his positions. Another advantage is that very few traders know this strategy and can act. Should this procedure prevail among the big players, we only have to scan the individual markets for these situations and enter the market as soon as the big player has dissolved his first position. But that would probably be too good to be true.

I wish you a successful trading day

best regards

Michael

--- 帖子 #1353 ---
Bionics, you are an amazing person, great professional, trader, analyst and mentor. I sincerely hope to count on your contributions for a long time. My deep recognition of your selfless work, thank you very much for your share your great point of view.

--- 帖子 #1354 ---
Traces in the sand

Hello jusiur,

First of all, thank you for your recognition and the great praise. Of course I am happy if a subscriber benefits from the market from my point of view and progresses personally, but you should note that my view of the market only reflects my opinion, which can also be completely wrong. I see myself less as a mentor because this blog was created to explain to myself why I was able to act profitably in the past. This thread then developed from this. In this respect, this blog is not entirely selfless, because it primarily helps me. However, I am always happy to help my subscribers if they have any questions or suggestions. One hand washes the other, so we all come one step further every day. What makes me particularly happy is the fact that  the information helps you and that is, the most important and decisive point. Of course, I will continue to share my work, because with our next project No. 10 I will publish a view that no one has yet considered. So the real work only begins because we are still at the very beginning. I am aware that my information involves a certain risk for me. On the one hand, successful things get around quickly, which are then copied or misinterpreted. The more retailers follow the same path, the more unprofitable a strategy becomes. But I'm not afraid of it because I only share my views and no setup. Another point could also be crucial. Let us assume that my view of how the big players operate in the market and outsmart us happens to be correct. If the affected big player got this information by accident, they might change their strategy and our advantage would be history. A strategy is only good if nobody knows about it. For this reason, sometimes it would be better not to tell everything. But I think we will get closer to the big players in the next few years. They can change their strategies as they want, it won't help them. It always takes some time, but in the end we always see what they are doing. An elephant always leaves larger traces in the sand than a little mouse. Therefore it is easier to follow the big players than a retail trader.

I wish you a successful trading week

Lovely wishes

Michael

--- 帖子 #1355 ---
The Big Player bag of tricks

Hello dear subscribers,

Today, the market was once again very interesting and volatile, and the big players gave me the opportunity to discover another strategy. We want to take a closer look at that.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

From 07:00 CET to 10:00 CET I was a bit lucky and was able to do some long trades. At lunchtime we were already 60 pip above the open and at first I wasn't sure if it could further go up. From 10:00 CET there was a three-hour equilibrium at Point A. I saw that the big players placed buy limit orders in the market. That was a nice confirmation, for an upward movement. My exit was at point B, because I saw that the big player started to get out.

The strategy of the big player was again like textbook. At Point A, massive buy limit orders were initially placed in the equilibrium. After completing its collection campaign, the course was pushed up. The respective downward movements in the market were used to bring further buy limit orders into the market. Now there are two things to consider. First, the big player collects a large number of buy limit orders within an equilibrium. In order to push the price up, the big player must buy market orders. That means on the way from A to B he buy a lot of Ask. For this reason, the big player has already started to exit at Point B.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

We can see that again in the heatmap. At Point A we see that sell limit orders of over 400 lots have been waiting for execution, but were not touched at first. First the long traders were stopped again and then the price went to point B. There the big player started to dissolve his euro positions. He has to be very careful, because if he had dissolved all of his position, the price would have run massively down. Therefore, such an exit must be done very strategically.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The price continued to rise and we can see at points A and B that the big player used the stops of the short traders to get out of a position. At Point C, we see that he has put very strong sell limit orders in the queue, which have not picked up. This means that the big player still had a few euro positions that he could not sell to date.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Now the market started to run down and the big player still had some open euro positions. For this situation he used a very interesting trick. At Point A, we see how the big player, when walking down the course, instructed his algorithms at ten price levels to put strong sell limit orders in the DOM queue. The reason for this was simple: the one who placed the order first is always served first.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The price continued down to point B. At point C, the big player pushed the price up sharply in his sell limit orders. With these sell limit orders he took over his still open euro position. I think it should have been around 1500 lots. He was now out of his euro position and had 1,500 lot sell limit orders on the other side. That was a smart move, because in the downward course he would hardly have found anyone to buy the euro from him. So he bought the euro himself with his limit orders and thus also bought a bid. Since the market was already running down strongly, its position was optimally aligned.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here we see again how the price was pushed up and the big player with sell limit orders took over his euro position in small pieces. After that, the price continued to go down. Now the big player only had to get out of his dollar position and he solved that quite easily

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The price initially went down more sharply and we see at point A that the big player immediately got out of his dollar position. As a result, the price has risen very sharply. The big player was out of all positions and actually did everything right.

Of course, I can only guess whether all of this really happened based on my information and my personal opinion. Nevertheless, it is very exciting to watch the big players at work. Unfortunately, we retailers don't have enough money to use these strategies for ourselves. But we have the chance to study their strategies and to get information based on their reactions that significantly increase our probability of winning. And after all, that's a little ray of hope.

I wish you a successful trading day tomorrow

best regards Michael

--- 帖子 #1356 ---
Project No. 10

A completely new market view

Hello dear subscribers,

As promised, we are starting today with our new project No. 10. In this project we will see that the limit orders are more crucial for the long-term price trend than the market orders. And I will show you how to make limit orders visible. In the next few weeks we will deal with the future data in more detail. Our project no. 9 (Stophunting) will continue to accompany us. If you want to be successful in this market in the long term, you need to take a closer look,  how big players work. A price does not change because a moving average has crossed, an RSI is overbought or a fibozone has been reached, but because there are more short traders than long traders in a downward movement and more long traders than short traders in an upward movement. The big players determine the market and they pursue a goal. This goal can only be recognized if you know what they are up to. Their plan can be identified by the limit orders. We want to start with that today.

In the past 10 years I was lucky enough to take the smaller movements up to 10 pip within one equilibrium and was therefore able to act profitably. However, I was unlucky enough to never know exactly what was happening in the market. FF motivated me to write down my thoughts on trading over 2 years ago. At first I tried to describe my approach exactly and quickly realized that this is not so easy. The more I wrote, the more questions I had. Every question I answered myself took me a step further, but more and more questions came up and prompted me to dig deeper into the subject. With the tick charts, a kind of breakthrough came into the world of stock market data. At first I wanted to know exactly how these tick charts are calculated in Forex and at the same time I recognized the incompleteness and limitation of this calculation. Many years ago I heard about the volume that was presented with footprint charts, volume profile and market profile. But all these chart representations make no sense in Forex, since no data feeds are provided for them. Why deal with something that is not feasible.

First of all, I wanted to know how a tick chart in Forex differs from a tick chart in Future. So I got futures data, but these pure futures data alone couldn't give me a clear answer. The MT5 was the worst alternative to optimally display futures data, as well as other trading platforms such as Ninja Trader, Multicharts, Sierra Chart or Jigsaw could not satisfy my requirements. I chose a professional proprietary trading platform. This enabled me to filter and display the pure stock market data in such a way that it made sense to me. I started to compare the tickchart in the forex with the tickchart in the future. It struck me that the course behaved almost exactly the same, but the prices were different due to the swaps. I am one of the 4% of professional Forex traders in Europe who can trade up to 400 with a lever and at the same time I have extremely good protection in the event of an uncontrolled breakout. Since the EURUSD has the highest liquidity in the Forex market with over $ 2 trillion in daily turnover and at the same time has the least drawdowns, I wanted to continue trading in the Forex market.

So I tried to find another way. I started organizing my forex trading based only on the futures data. Initially, this was a very daring version, especially since it was a matter of two different markets. It didn't work so well at first because I didn't pay attention to some things. However, it was an alternative that gave me the motivation to take a closer look at the volume. A big aspect benefited me. For years I have been dealing intensively with the approach of big players and high-frequency traders. If you want to be really successful in this market, you cannot avoid it. I started to deal more intensively with the footprint chart, volume chart and market profile. That didn't get me anywhere. The next step was the DOM and the Times and Sales list. This information was much more accurate, but I was still on the wrong track. I returned to the big players' way of working and started to deal with them in more detail. The big players move the market, that is undisputed, but how do they move the market? Let's start with that.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

At point A the sell market orders come into the market, which meet the buy limit orders at point B. At point C the buy market orders come into the market that meet the sell limit orders point D. At Point E we see the monthly volume of buy market orders and at Point F the monthly volume of sell market orders. Point G shows the price, the daily volume and the number of trades at the respective price level. You can add other ads to this DOM, such as spoofing, which shows added or deleted limit orders. For our example, I did without it. The market orders eat their way into the limit orders and as soon as the liquidity is used up, it goes to the next price level. If many market orders come in, but the price does not change, the market orders are held up by the limit orders. This means that more and more limit orders are added at this price level, one speaks of an absorption.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

A footprint chart is a concrete representation of the DOM in the area of market orders. The time frame is specified by the dealer. At Point A we see such a footprint representation. The ask or the market buy orders are on the right, the bid or the market sell orders are on the left. The white frame indicates the highest volume in the candle. 726 lots were traded on the ask side, while 85 lots were traded on the bid side.

At Point B, a beginner's first question comes to mind: how can it be that 125 lot market buy and only 0 lot market sell were traded at one price level? First of all, we need to know that the market buy orders and market sell orders can never meet eachother. The market sell orders meet the limit buy orders and the brand buy orders meet the limit sell orders. Therefore, a footprint chart is a bit confusing at first, because the market buy orders and market sell orders stand side by side. It is just a representation of how much lot was traded at a price level. The red and green numbers each show an imbalance of the individual market orders. Although this is an interesting note,  I would not make any trading decisions with it.

At Point C we see the total volume that was traded at the upper price level. This is a total of 1766 lots. 1610 lots were traded in ask and 156 lots in bid. Ask minus Bid is delta, in our case a positive delta of 1454 Lot. These are exclusively market orders. So we can initially state that only the market orders are able to move the market, while the limit orders are able to stop the market. Since the big players move the market, one could conclude that the big players primarily deal with market orders. However, this is a false assumption, which I will discuss in more detail. The vast majority of price representations primarily refer to market orders, only in the DOM and in the heat map can limit orders be displayed at first glance.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

As we have already established, the big players are not able to immediately get large orders in the market and then push the price in their direction. Therefore, they are sometimes forced to collect Ask or Bid over several days within certain price levels and then push the price towards them. For me, these are the so-called equilibrium phases, which are shown here with accumulation and distribution. During these phases, the big players have the task of collecting ask or bid and at the same time always keeping the price within this range. Before the breakout, you have to stop potential followers to avoid being delayed in your breakout.

The big question now is how a big player can best collect within an accumulation or distribution phase without most market participants noticing. We know that market orders are visible in the market, while limit orders cannot be identified. For this reason, iceberg orders are primarily used for these collection campaigns. Iceberg orders are nothing more than limit orders, which are controlled by algorithms and absorb market orders at certain price levels. We should know that absorption does not take place at one price level, but always at several.

Let's imagine a big player wants to push a price down, which means we are in a distribution phase. To do this, he first has to collect bids, so in the area of sell limit orders the algorithms are instructed to buy a certain number of market buy orders without giving themselves away. This means big players have to be careful not to absorb too much at one level, otherwise the market could quickly realize that this is a strong resistance level and many traders would take long positions. When a big player collects limit orders within an equilibrium, it is a lot of work at first. The price has to be kept within the range, stops have to be started because there is immediate volume available and if enough has been collected, a suitable time has to be selected at which the volatility may be somewhat higher.

In these actions, the employed traders of the big players must work together, to work towards a common goal. Different traders get the order to collect a predetermined number of limit orders at different price levels using different algorithms. As soon as they have completed their collection campaign and have initially pushed the course in an opposite direction to trigger the stops of the followers, the algorithms begin to push the course upwards. This takes the form of cumulative small market orders that the market initially does not notice. I have observed these algorithms in the last few months and it is relatively easy to read them. We will deal with this in more detail, however. Stophunting is also a crucial factor for big players. Possible stops are easiest to identify in the Forex market, since we have 5 times more accurate price positions there than in the Future market.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

First of all, I divided the big players and retail traders according to supply and demand. The demand comes within an accumulation phase and the supply within a distribution phase. Let us first consider how the individual market participants behave in the individual phases.

Within an accumulation phase, a big player needs Ask, which he tries to collect with limit buy orders. For this he has to buy the euro and it is a passive order, as this does not move the market. Within an accumulation phase there is a so-called range in which the big player collects ask. As soon as the price moves extremely out of this range, the big player is forced to push the price back into this range. At the low of this range, he has to buy the euro with buy market orders in order to push the price up again. At the high of this range, he has to buy the dollar to push the price down again.

Once he has collected enough, the crucial question is whether the majority of the participants are short or long in the market. If many participants have taken a long position, there will be a stophunting. To do this, the big player must first buy the dollar heavily in order to push the price down. On the way down, the long trader's first stops begin to burst. He has to intercept these stops with buy limit orders. As soon as he suspects no further stops, he starts selling the dollar. This sale releases a high number of ask and pushes the price up. In addition, it will push the price up in the form of cumulative market buy orders. The price  upwards in zigzags, the background to this is that the big player needs new volume again and again to bring the price up further. For this he uses the stops of the retail traders.

Because the price continues to rise, there are more and more retail traders joining a long trade. As soon as the volume has reached a corresponding size, the big player begins to exit the euro with limit sell orders. Since this is done with limit orders, most market participants do not notice that the big player is already getting out. If the price does not reach the limit orders of the big players, they can of course also exit the market with markets sell orders. However, this is perceived by the market and could immediately trigger a turnaround. Then the big player would have problems getting out of his position. During the distribution phase, the opposite is true, as you can see on the table.

Since a retail trader can enter the market directly but does not move the price, his trading activities are also restricted accordingly. In most cases, beginners focus exclusively on market orders for entry and exit, with a take profit belonging to the category of limit orders. As soon as a retail trader is stopped, a respective market order is released. In order for the big players to intercept these stops, they are forced to place limit orders in the market.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here I have now compared the big players and the retail traders in the accumulation and distribution phase. If a big player wants to collect ask in an accumulation phase, he has to buy the euro. In return, he needs a retail trader who either buys the dollar or sells the euro. With its buy limit orders, the big player intercepts the market orders of the retail traders. In order to understand the market context exactly, I recommend that you first deal with these two tables in detail. It is also important to recognize in the market whether a big player is currently buying the dollar or selling the euro. In both cases, Bid come in the market, but there is a crucial difference.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In the picture we see two volume profiles from two different days in the Euro FX. The volume is the addition of bid and ask. There are many trainers who swear by this volume profile and use it to make concrete trading decisions. For me, this is only a representation to determine in which price ranges a stronger struggle between the different market participants has taken place. Deriving specific resistance zones for the future from this is more realistic than an RSI or MACD, but the decisive factor for me is who won in the individual price ranges. And this cannot be clearly determined in a volume profile. Of course, one could now say that the market tried to keep the price high and then failed and therefore the price went down. In my opinion, however, this is a vague statement that can usually only be made once the course has already been completed. As I said, this view is interesting to determine, in which area an increased volume took place, but not more.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In this picture we now see a delta of market orders. As we know, the delta is the result of ask and bid. If we see a green bar, more ask than bid was traded on the price level, if we see a red bar, more bid than ask was traded on the price level. If we only looked at the day candle at Point A and had to make a decision about where the price would go next, many would assume that the price would tend to go up. At point B, the price went down and we see that a lot of Ask was traded on the lower three levels. This could be an indication, that the price will now up again. The opposite was the case, however, because the price after go down sharply. So we find that the market orders that move the market do not appear to be an indicator of a long-term price trend.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Let us briefly recall our first slide, the DOM. If we launch a 1 Lot Sell Market Order and it is activated, a 1 Lot buy limit order must be activated at the same time. We now have a buyer and a seller in the market. First of all, it should not be relevant whether the euro was bought or sold or whether the dollar was bought or sold. When a market buy order comes into the market, a sell limit order has to be activated at the same time. This means that a buyer can only meet one seller. If the market is just starting and a market buy order triggers a sell limit order, it means that both a buyer and a seller are in the market at that moment. And this is exactly the point that gave me the idea.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

If a market buy order simultaneously triggers a limit sell order and a market sell order simultaneously a limit buy order, it is automatically possible to display the limit orders in the market. First you just have to swap the colors. So if a market buy order that is green meets a limit sell order that is red, I just have to swap the colors of Bid and Ask to make the limit order visible.

With this in mind, let's take another look at the first day candle at Point A. We now see a strong delta in the sell limit area. One could conclude from this that the price continues to fall. Also in the second day candle in the upper area, a stronger sell limit delta was created, which pushed the price down. A stronger sell limit delta was also created in the lower area of this day candle, which could justify a further price slide downwards. We have already noticed that while market orders move the market, limit orders determine where the market will go in the long term. With this approach, we have already taken a small step forward, but in principle no rule can be created from it that always applies 100%. The consideration of limit orders is always a long-term one, in addition one must also consider the short and medium-term range. For this we need certain tools from the future area, which we will deal later with in more detail.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In the footprint chat at Point A we see the total volume on the left and on the right the number of trades that were entered into this price range. At Point B we see a volume chart that shows a filtered total volume. At Point C we see a total daily volume divided by bid and ask and at Point D the division of bid and ask within a single candle. In many trainers' seminars, the presentation of market orders is trained in order to make trading decisions. In the short and medium term this may be correct to a certain extent, but the market is primarily determined by the limits order. And exactly these limit orders are ignored.

In my last report, “Own liquidity for the big players”, I talked about two striking points, where the big players have provided themselves with liquidity. Here you can read the articles again.

Own liquidity for the big players

The Big Player bag of tricks

For all forex traders, at this point the price has only reached a resistance zone twice, nothing more. What is decisive, however, is what happened in the market at that moment and this information can only be obtained from the future market. So if you want to have comprehensive information in the future about what is currently happening in the market, you will inevitably have to deal with the future data. This does not mean that you cannot trade profitably with pure Forex data, but the probability is significantly less than with comprehensive information. But even the information from the future market does not help if you do not filter it properly and present it in such a way that it brings a concrete trading advantage. In our project number 10, in addition to the forex data, we will also deal intensively with the future data and combine them with one another. And exactly this combination will bring you a decisive trading advantage.

I wish you a great weekend

best regards

Michael

--- 帖子 #1357 ---
How to follow big players with Forex data.

Hello dear subscribers,

In my last article: "A completely new market view" I pointed out a new way of looking at things in order to better follow the big players. The big players focus primarily on limit orders, while most of our chart alignments focus exclusively on market orders. With that, it is initially impossible to identify the big players. Here you can find the article:

A completely new market view

This new way of looking at things takes some getting used to and is unfortunately only possible with real stock market data. Nevertheless, there is also a possibility for pure Forex traders to recognize the short-term strategy changes of the big players. I myself also work with a combination of futures and forex data, because in comparison a price change in the futures market triggers five times as many price changes in the forex market. 2 ticks in the future market correspond to 10 pippettes in the forex market. This means that the Forex market has a clear advantage in the area of price changes and changes can be recorded more quickly.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In EURUSD H4 we see from point A to B that the price has moved down towards the open gap. Then there was an equilibrium of over a week (point C) and then the price went up to point D. Let us now take a closer look at this downward trend, the equilibrium and the upward trend.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

First of all, we see green and red arrows with a number. The numbers show the average pip / 10 of each candle, within an up or down trend. The larger the number, the stronger the pressure up or down. What creates a stronger upward or downward movement? At point 1 we see that in this upward trend each H4 candle has an average of 6.7 pip. Then the course in motion (Point A) ran to Point 2. In this movement, each H4 candle reached an average of 24.7 pip. So this movement was almost 4 times as strong as the previous movement. In the point 0 to point 1 movement, traders were long-oriented. A big player will always take a counter position to realize his winnings. At point A, he pushed the price down and triggered the long trader's stops. When a long trader's stop is triggered, a bid comes into the market, this bid drives the market further down. The large number of 247.5 (at point 2) means that at point 1 most traders were more long-oriented and at the same time on the way down, the stops of these long traders were triggered. We can see in this picture that from the movement A to the movement E, the numbers of the downward trends were significantly larger than the numbers of the upward trends. In this area there were therefore more long-oriented traders than short-oriented traders.

From point 4 to point 5 we see a number of 11.3 pip in the upward movement. This gives an indication that many traders have taken a short position at Point 4, which is why the price was pushed up a little more. First a small equilibrium was created and we can see that a large number of traders have taken a long position at Point 6. Therefore, the course was pushed down more strongly in movement F. The Bionic Zigzag Oscillator (Point G) shows exactly these strong movements. In the downward movement, we can see that the price as a whole was pushed down more than it was pushed up because the majority of traders took a long position in this area. Of course, the retail traders were not permanently in long positions, but most wherever the green arrows were drawn. The big player then pushed the price down and triggered the stops of the long traders.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The course initially ran into the open gap and there was again an equilibrium. At point A there was initially a stronger downward movement, since at point 0 the majority of traders were long-oriented. At Point A, most retail traders thought the price could close the gap. For this reason, the price was pushed up very strongly by the big players to Point B. Then there was another strong downward movement to Point C and then the course went up. In the Bionic oscillator at Point E we can see how strongly traders were oriented short at Point A short.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In the now easier upward trend, you can see that points A, B and C achieved significantly stronger values than points D, E and F. This clearly shows again that at this point the majority of traders were oriented in the opposite direction. The oscillator at Point G also shows an overall stronger pressure upwards, which clearly proves that at this point most were short-oriented.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Then the course went to Point A, based on the strength we can see that it was a sustainable upward trend. The strong downward movement to Point B clearly shows that the majority of traders at Point A were still long-oriented. With the Bionic Zigzag Oscillator we can see exactly that at point 2, where the yellow arrows can also be seen, the downward trend has turned into an upward trend.

Of course, the display in the H4, is a long-term presentation, with the bionic zigzag indicator we naturally have the option of breaking the display down to the M1 or in a tick chart down to 8 seconds. This enables us to grasp the smaller trend strengths faster.

In fact, the big players intended to keep driving the price into the gap, but this can be seen better in the future market. Let's first take a closer look at the Delta Limit Orders (yellow frame) in the Future Market.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The respective green and red bars in Euro FX show the respective delta of limit orders. First, the price was pushed down sharply on February 13 and we can see on the low that the big players had already collected stronger sell limit orders.

Also on February 14th and 17th, further sell limit orders were collected in a kind of equilibrium. In the yellow box at point A we can see the stronger sell limit orders. On February 18, the price was finally pushed down and on the low the big players started to collect stronger sell limit orders again. February 19 was also dominated by sell limit orders. The yellow box at points B and C clearly shows a high volume in the sell limit area. At this point, I also assumed a further downward trend.

Then on February 20, a situation arose that the big players had not expected. The majority of traders positioned themselves short because the retail traders hoped that the gap would now be closed. So, the big players had to change their strategy. At Point D you can guess that they have given up previously collected positions to the short-willing retail traders and at the same time started to collect Ask with buy limit orders. The strong bullish candle on February 21 could only arise because many short traders were stopped and the big players pushed the price up to bring their buy limit orders to profit. If the big players had pushed the price down on February 20, there would have been too many retail traders and would have significantly reduced the big players' profits. The decision they made was absolutely right. It is precisely for this reason that it is crucial to monitor the limit orders regularly in order to immediately recognize when the market behavior of the big players changes.

On February 18 and 19, the Big Boys collected sell limit orders to push the price down further, and then on February 20 made the decision to exit their position and collect buy limit orders. On February 19, I myself assumed that the price would continue to decline and was somewhat confused on February 20, when suddenly buy limit orders were collected. Big players are chasing retail traders' stops, so sometimes you have to make quick decisions when the overall situation changes. And it is precisely these changes that we have to watch out for and follow.

Let's take another look at the exact tools in the different markets

Forex market

With the zigzag indicator you get the respective trend strength, with which you should always pay attention to the different time units. The bionic zigzag oscillator gives us a good overview of where the course is pushed up or down. In addition, I recommend identifying the key candles in the area of Stophunting. You can find some reports on this blog.

Future market

In the last report in the future market I showed you the display of limit orders. However, this is only a small part of the information necessary to look deeper into the market. We will talk more specifically about these tools in the next few weeks.

I hope that I was able to give you a brief overview and wish you a relaxing weekend and a good start to the new week.

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1358 ---
An important clue!!

Hello dear traders,

I have been approached by outside traders who are not subscribers to our blog, why they cannot post on this blog. I would like to give a clear answer to that.

First, I opened this blog to write an trader's diary and answer the question, why I was able to trade profitably in the past 6 years. After I started working with the tick charts in Forex a year ago, it developed into an extreme development towards stock market data. This further development now takes up a considerable amount of time, which I would like to dedicate exclusively to this blog. In recent times, requests that have less to do with the current topics and content in this blog have been piling up. All subscribers in this blog have the opportunity to ask their questions about current topics at any time and I help my subscribers whenever I can. However, please accept that I am not available to outside traders who do not want to join this blog. This has nothing to do with the fact that I don't want to help you, but only with our current projects, which take a lot of time. I am a full-time trader and earn my money with daily trading. At the same time, the current project takes up a large part of my time. Therefore I ask for your understanding in this case.

In the past few weeks I have received many letters from long-term future traders who describe this project as a future milestone. I am also convinced that this new market view will be an exciting project in order to grasp faster, the way big players work. Some traders have also offered me money to help them understand my trading style. I don't want and need money because I only earn my money with trades. The information I share here is free and I voluntarily share it. In return, I expect like-minded traders to accompany this path positively and constructively. If you want the free information, you have to be willing to invest 20 hours to work through this blog. After that, many things become clearer.

I am not interested in attracting 1000 subscribers to follow me, but to find people who are willing to go the same way with us. And the trading style that we are currently practicing is not a mass business. I have repeatedly pointed out in the past few months that Forex Trading is the hardest business in the stock market. Those who believe that this business can be done simply and easily will not feel comfortable in this blog. The big players invest billions of dollars each year for their analysts, traders, algorithms and technology. If this business were that simple, the big players could save those billions of dollars. On the contrary, they invest more and more billions of dollars every year to ensure their success. Why does Goldman Sachs have almost 30% less daily income than 5 years ago because the market has become easier? This market is a shark tank and only the bigger or faster one will survive. We small traders do not have the money to influence the markets, but we have found our creativity and with a new market view a way to follow these market makers faster.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

For those who claim that the market is very easy, I recommend spending a day with a high frequency trader at his place of work. I think then this view will change quickly. It was pure luck that I was able to trade profitably in the past 6 years, nothing more. I traded the movements within the range in the Equilibrium, where the big players were tame, like a full eaten lion, because they collected their bid and ask in these accumulation or distribution phases. However, I only became aware of this many years later. Nowadays, big players start to make themselves volume available within minutes, which they absorb with their own liquidity. This saves them from having to spend a lot of time collecting in the equilibrium, which means that the markets can be moved immediately without having to do any complicated stophunting. Anyone who does not respond appropriately will disappear from the market in the long term.

This is why this blog is also developing in the direction of continuing to exist profitably in the market in the long term. This automatically means investments in technology and software. An entrepreneur who is unwilling to invest will eventually be overtaken by the future. Of course you can make a profit with a laptop and the MT4 if you have been doing it for over 10 years. But very few have been doing this for over 10 years. Why are there so many traders here, who have  been making losses for years and are stuck? Are they incapable or not intelligent enough? On the contrary, these are often very intelligent and strategic people, some of whom have a lot of experience. But very few will have a chance against the market makers. And this chance will decrease significantly in the next few years. In this market, approx 2% of all retail traders are really successful and can make a living from it. Any why is this the case? Because they were willing to invest and worked 10-12 hours a day. Anyone who wants to become a doctor, lawyer or notary has to learn a lot, study and then work hard. It always looks nice when a doctor arrives in a Porsche, but nobody sees the 350 hours that he works per month. As a trader, we have exactly the same situation, but nobody tells us this truth. The brokers and trainers make us believe that every trader can be a millionaire tomorrow. They just want our money, but the truth is sobering.

I’m not saying that you can’t achieve it as a trader, but many lack the right attitude towards the entrepreneur. It is now 7pm on Saturday night, many of my friends are now celebrating and enjoying life. I am sitting here at my evaluation and preparing for the coming week. This week I traded over 70 hours again, continued my education, wrote my trader diary and spent in front of the screen. But my friends don't see all these things, they only see that I'm financially well. I don't have to do that, but I'm passionate about this business and I'm proud to be able to practice this profession. To do this, you have to be willing to train yourself every day. I don't want to say that my way of trade anything comes closest to the Holy Grail, but it shows me what's going on in the market. And I don't want to look at the candles and wonder where the course could go next. A trader should know it beforehand. And that only works if he has the right information.

This is exactly what our thread is about and I am proud to go this way together with successful traders in our blog.

I wish you a nice Weekend

Lovely wishes

Michael

--- 帖子 #1359 ---
Experiment own liquidity continues!

Hello dear subscribers,

As I wrote a few days ago, there were some experiments by the big players to provide themselves with liquidity. You can find the contributions here:

36 pip move in EURUSD

Own liquidity for the big players

Big player experiment "own liquidity"

The Big Player bag of tricks

As a result, the big players try to compensate for their disadvantage so that they do not have to spend hours to collecting Bid or Ask in the equilibrium . Yesterday it was time again.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The price was pushed up until 18:00 CET during the day. Shortly before, there were also some exits from the euro by some big players. At Point A we see that the course reached just under 135 pip above the open. Then a small equilibrium forms at point B. At that point, market participants were unsure of where the price would go next. A big player wanted to push the price down, but had the problem of getting enough volume around the bid. To do this, he provided himself with liquidity that he took up simultaneously with market orders. Then course 65 pip was pushed down to point C. Over the course of the night, the price recovered somewhat and pushed 35 pip up. Let's take a look at how the big player once again made liquidity available to itself.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Yesterday around 17:50 CET, the price was initially pushed up and we see massive sell market orders entering the market that were intercepted at the same time with strong buy limit orders. From point B the course was briefly pressed down again and then went up again more strongly. At Point D, many thought that the price would go up and the big player had the opportunity to place another large sell market order here. After that, the price went down 65 pip. The large market sell order at point D could either mean an exit from the euro (sell the buy limit orders, which the big player had previously started his market sell order) or another purchase of the dollar. However, that would mean that he is still invested in the euro. If this were the case, it would speak for a further price increase in the medium term.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

At Point A we can see once again how the Big Player with its algorithms pushes the price up sharply. At the same time at Point B, we see the Sell Market Orders of the Big Player that came into the market at the same time as buy limit orders.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Point A shows yesterday's high at around 6:00 p.m. CET, then the course to Close Point B ran. The open was again a little bullish and the course was initially pushed from point C to point D. Then the course went up again. If the big player really had open ask positions at point A, the price could be pushed further up. But it is now crucial to pay attention to the limit orders that come in during the morning. It will be decisive in which direction the course is pushed by the big players.

If you want to take a closer look at limit orders, you will find the start of our new project No. 10 here:

A completely new market view

I wish you a successful trading day today

best regards

Michael

--- 帖子 #1360 ---
Volume versus liquidity

Hello dear subscribers,

As we already know, the only reason for price changes is that market orders (volume) meet limit orders (liquidity). While the retail traders primarily work with market orders, the big player collect limit orders in accumulation and distribution phases, pushing the price up or down with market orders. As a rule, they exit their positions with limit orders. In addition, in the past few weeks we have seen in EURUSD how they are able to provide liquidity for themselves. If this approach is successful, it would reduce the number of equilibrium in the future. The EURUSD is best used for experiments because it is the most liquid currency pair with over $ 2 trillion in daily sales.

Almost all trading platforms that are able to read future data concentrate on the market orders. First we have to split the market orders of the big players into cumulative and non-cumulative market orders. A non-cumulative market order is, for example, a 50 lot buy market order that is placed on the market. Let us assume that there are 50 lots on the sell limit side. Now the big, non-cumulative 50 lot buy market order of the big player meets the 50 lot sell limit orders from different market participants, eats up the limit orders and jumps to the next price level. The disadvantage of this approach: All market participants can see this large order. Let's stick to the same example. The big player can now use algorithms to split his 50 lot orders into smaller orders, 5 times 1, 2, 3, and 4 lots. This now creates a cumulative buy market order, which also eats into the sell limit orders and increases the price by one level. However, it now looks as if 20 different market participants are responsible for these orders and not a big player.

Only if the trading software can divide the incoming orders into thousandths of a second and filter the orders accordingly, are you able to assign these cumulative orders to a single market participant. Of course, the big players also know that the cumulative orders are not easy to identify. So when a large buy market order comes into the market, many believe that a big player wants to push the market up. Then many buyers jump into the market with buy market orders, the big player absorbs the market orders with his sell limit orders and then pushes the market down. So if you see a large, non-cumulative order in the market, you should always be careful. With the right trading software, it is first of all quite easy to differentiate these cumulative and non-cumulative market orders. But be careful, a big player does not always have to be responsible when a large cumulative market orders appears in the market.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here we see a situation on the Euro FX 30 Sec Chart. At point A, the price is pushed down and the first stops (cumulative market orders) of the long traders are triggered. At Point B, many are hoping for an upward trend, but the price will be pushed down again. Now strong cumulative market orders come in, which are intercepted by buy limit orders from the big player. The big player then pushes the price up with buy market orders. These cumulative market orders were not invested by the big player, but show that the stops of the long traders were close to each other. The big players need this liquidity because the retail trailers are rarely willing to deliver so much volume at the same price level. For this reason, stophunting is a crucial factor for the big players. The orders we see in this picture are only market orders.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The information about limit orders is very sparse or not available in most trading platforms. Basically, you can display ten price levels in the sell limit and buy limit range in most trading platforms. For a lot of money, it is possible on some exchanges to display more price levels in the limit area. Anyone who has ever dealt with limit orders in the DOM knows that this view is of little use. Depending on the volatility, the price changes are so fast that added or subtracted limit orders cannot be recognized. With the right algorithms you are able to represent spoofing more precisely. In this example we see an average of 50 lots at each price level, but it happens that 200 lots are sometimes traded at a price level. This means that 150 lots have been added to the limit area. And this can only be seen in the running DOM with a spoofing algorithm. Even if you can see absorption, it doesn't help at first. The big players collect in the accumulation and distribution phases and absorption does not necessarily mean that the price has to move more in the opposite direction afterwards. This will happen after the big players have collected enough. Another option to make the limit order visible is the heat map, whereby the subdivision of the individual limit orders is shown in color. Again, there are some restrictions to be aware of.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In one of my last posts I showed a possibility to show the exact values of the limit orders in the chat.

A completely new market view

It should be noted that this presentation is a medium-term to long-term orientation and that no short-term price changes can be derived from it. But if you have this information, you can derive a history from the price trend and use it to forecast a further price trend more precisely. However, only if you are able to see exactly what the big players are aiming for with this procedure. First of all, it is necessary to compare the trading strategies of the big players with the trading strategies of the retail traders. You can find also this information in this post.

A completely new market view

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Let us first take a closer look at volume and liquidity. The market orders move the market by meeting the limit orders. Here it is crucial how strong the market orders are on the one hand and how strong the limit orders are. First, I assigned three different values to the market orders and limit orders. The value 3 shows a strong tendency, the value 2 a medium tendency and the value 1 a weak tendency.

Now let's look at the first three examples above.

Buy 1

If the buy market orders show a strong tendency and at the same time the sell limit orders also, a preliminary equilibrium results. The volatility would be weak as there would be no major price changes in this case.

Buy 2

If the buy market orders have a strong tendency and the sell limit orders have a medium strength, this results in a preliminary bullish trend. The volatility would be medium, since in this case there will be medium price changes.

Buy 3

If the buy market orders have a strong trend and the sell limit orders have a weak strength, this results in a provisionally strong bullish trend. The volatility would be high, because in this case there will be strong price changes.

The volatility is always the result of the strength or weakness of the limit and market orders. The market orders can move the market, but they cannot stop it. The limit orders cannot move the market, but they can stop it. Both factors therefore determine volatility and future price changes.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

By assigning three values to the market orders and the limit orders, there would be 6 bullish and 6 bearish tendencies if there were an equal distribution. 6 situations would take place in the equilibrium.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I once listed these course trends graphically. The strength of the limit orders is indicated by the gray bars, the strength of the market orders by green bars. As a result, an equal distribution takes place here first.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

There are no negative results in the area of volatility, volatility is either weak, medium or strong. The result in the area of volatility therefore changes in our presentation.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

As a result, there is initially a strong volatility in 12.5% of the cases, a medium volatility in 50% of the cases and a weak volatility in 37.5% of the cases. Since breakouts are primarily associated with high volatility, we recognize that these breakouts rarely occur in this market. In over 70% of cases, a market is in equilibrium or in a sideways phase. In order to find out exactly how a trend or volatility could develop in the future, it is crucial to identify the strength of the market orders and at the same time the strength of the limit orders. The strength of the market orders is relatively easy to see. However, since there is little information about limit orders in the market, we are concentrating on these limit orders starting with project number 10. This is exactly our missing piece of the puzzle in this game.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here I would like to show you an interesting presentation. On the left we see the market buy orders in H2, on the right the market sell orders in H2 and in the middle the result of the delta limit orders in H2. However, this representation does not show how many limit orders a single market participant has taken. And that is exactly what will be a crucial point in the next few weeks, which we will look into more closely.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

There are different approaches to identifying limit orders that we are currently dealing with.

Point A

In this representation we see a combination of market and limit orders that enter the market. The problem here, the fine subdivision of the limit orders is not possible in this representation, but the Stophunting can be optimally read and displayed.

Point B

The representation of the limit delta in combination with the volume is a decisive medium to long-term representation of the future course of the price. However, short-term price changes cannot be represented with this.

Point C

Another important factor is the cumulative delta in combination with the open interest. It shows how open positions behave when stops are triggered.

Point D

Another interesting experiment is currently taking place with the imbalance within the limit sell and limit buy orders. I cannot yet publish a concrete result on this, but this presentation brings some interesting information.

Point E and F

The most interesting alternative at the moment is the identification of the big player algorithms. At the time of presentation, the price was down more and we can see on the left at Point E how the big player is pushing the market down. The light red presentation indicate the stops that have been triggered. At Point F, we see that there were some market participants who are defending themselves, however due to the lack of buy market orders, they have lost the fight. I have now taken another step. With sounds I let indicate the bullish and bearish algorithms acoustically. I had to make sure that these tones have a very short display time of 0.05 seconds. This makes it possible to record the market oders acoustically and to concentrate on limit orders at the same time. If the algorithms have been filtered correctly, a breakout can be identified beforehand. However, it is still too early to make any concrete statements. It will now be crucial to identify the limit orders more precisely in order to determine the specific strength. In combination with the market orders, a future market trend can then be derived more easily.

As it looks, we will have to identify the limit orders with our own algorithms, which could result in indicators that tell us the respective strength in the limit area. This strength in the limit area must then be compared with the strength in the market area in order to project a result. This would enable us to specifically determine the result of supply and demand. However, it will take some time until then and we may have to settle for alternative forms of representation for the time being.

I wish you a successful trading week

Lovely wishes

Michael

--- 帖子 #1361 ---
Good morning Michael.

-- Excellent explanation, and excellent settings.

Shows clearly how to fish the market.

Nice one.

--- 帖子 #1362 ---
Optimal settings

Hello Guido,

First of all, thank you for your great compliment, I am particularly pleased, because you work with the same prop software and future data as I do. Since some members on this blog already work with these modules, this facilitates a mutual exchange and creative ideas can be realized even faster. I was able to successfully program the first experimental indicators with C # and have also got them working in the software, but the C # language is still somewhat new and somewhat unfamiliar as a Java programmer. If you progress a little bit every day, it is also a small success. The more you deal with the stock market data, the more you realize how wrong you have been in the past. When I consider the foundations on which I built my past trades in Forex years ago, I can only be glad that I only traded in equilibrium. But since the big players have been carrying out experiments, making themselves available liquidity, commercial success in equilibrium should no longer bring any advantages in the future. In addition, I feel very dizzy when I consider that I have viewed the market as very simple in the past. I believe that most traders make this mistake, which is why so much money is lost. A good approach is to say goodbye to the candles and the volume and to focus solely on liquidity. I will post an interesting article on this today. I am glad to have found the jump early because what is happening in the market will revolutionize the way big players work. You no longer have to laboriously collect equilibrium, but can move the market immediately with your own liquidity. And the interesting thing is that supply and demand are neutral. Also with the open interest, you will no longer be able to make any concrete statements in the future. This will further increase the losses of retail traders and institutional traders, and Goldman Sachs will again achieve its successful daily profits of 10 years ago. Well for those, who start to rethink and stop believing in the fairy tale of the indicators or in a simple market. We are on the right track, but it is new and has yet to be built. It takes time, is tiring and uncomfortable. But in the end it will pay off for those who are ready to rethink now.

I wish you a nice weekend

best regards

Michael

--- 帖子 #1363 ---
Why volume trading doesn't work

Hello dear subscribers,

In my last post I tried to identify volume and liquidity. We have found that liquidity determines the market.

Volume versus liquidity

An idea first emerged from this:

As it looks, we will have to identify the limit orders with our own algorithms, which could result in indicators that tell us the respective strength in the limit area. This strength in the limit area must then be compared with the strength in the market area in order to project a result. This would enable us to specifically determine the result of supply and demand. I would like to take a closer look at this today and formulate my idea a little more precisely.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

As we know, the Sell Market Order (Point A) is an active order that moves the market and meets the passive Buy Limit Order (Point B). The limit order is only able to stop the market. For this reason, this area is referred to as the offer market. The buy market order (point C) is an active order that moves the market and meets the passive sell limit order (point D). The sell limit order is only able to stop the market. For this reason, this area of the market is called the demand market. Since only the market orders can move the market, the description of supply and demand is initially correct, but if we note that the limit orders are able to stop the market orders, this results in another possibility of determining supply and demand.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Let us first take a closer look at the different zones of supply and demand.

Point A

In the offer area there is a 20 Lot Market Sell Order that meets the Limit buy order. For a better overview I have marked the 20 lots with a minus sign.

Point B

The 20 Lot Market Sell Order now meets a 70 Lot Limit buy order. The limit buy order is so large that it completely absorbs the market sell order and if no further market sell orders come into the market, no price change will take place downwards. That's why Limit Sell is a demand market for me.

Point C

In order for another price change to take place, another 50 Lot Market Sell Orders would have to run into the Limit buy order. Since the limit buy order has the ability to stop the market sell order, I have called the limit buy order a demand. In this case, the bearish result is rather bullish as the market sell order failed to penetrate the limit buy order.

Point D

A market buy orders of 60 lots runs into a sell limit orders of 50 lots.

Point E

First, the market buy orders eats 50 lots in the limit sell orders and after it is used up, the price changes by a tick upwards. If the limit sell orders above this is greater than ten lots and no further market buy orders enter the market, the market buy order is also initially held there. That's why Limit Sell is an offer market for me.

Point F

The bullish result would initially be 10 lots bigger, since the market buy order has completely eaten up the limit sell order and has slid into the next price level.

Point G

We initially have two offer markets, one that is the market sell order, which is able to eat up the limit buy order and at the same time the limit sell order, which is able to hold up the market buy order. Together, these two types of orders would have a strength of 70 lots. If we add the two demand markets together, we come to a strength in the demand area of 130 lots.

Point H

The result of supply and demand would be 60 lots and therefore bullish overall. The demand market is therefore stronger overall.

My idea is based on the fact that although a market orders can move the market, it is not able to stop it. A limit orders cannot move the market, but it can stop it. Each different Market- or Limit orders has a strength and a weakness. For this reason, the idea arose to give each different order the name supply or demand. A total strength of supply and demand can be determined from the offsetting.

This approach is actually quite logical, because if strong market buy orders come in to push the market up, the limit buy orders would also have to form more strongly to hedge the price down. Because if there was a breakout upwards and the limit buy side would not slide up with a stronger liquidity, some lots in the market sell area would ensure that the price would go completely down again. The limit buy area is therefore a clear indicator of a demand market. That would mean that supply and demand cannot be determined solely with market orders. Given that the big players work almost exclusively with limit orders, this conclusion is clearly logical.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Point A

As I have already written, the information passed on in the area of active market orders is absolutely precise and sufficient to precisely calculate strength, volatility and many other factors.

Point B

In the area of market orders, it is very easy to identify cumulative orders from the big players. This is done with algorithms that are able to summarize orders that were placed within 1/1000 second and display them as a large order. The big players like to use these cumulative market orders to push the market upwards and not to be recognized at the same time. These cumulative orders are not easy to identify, but with the right tools it is possible.

Point C

Orders that are not accumulated are often used by big players to mislead the market, or at the same time, provide yourself with liquidity. When a large market order comes in that is not absorbed at the same time, it is often a market deception. Many market participants see this large order and at the same time invest in the same market direction. This enables the big player to sell his large order to retail traders in small quantities and then push the market down.

Point D

There are sufficient tools and algorithms to identify cumulative and non-cumulative market orders and to assign them to individual market participants.

Point E

In the area of passive orders (limit sell or limit buy orders), identification is significantly more difficult. Of course, we know that a buy market order automatically activates a sell limit order, but at first it is not clear who accepted the sell limit order.

Point F

Cumulative ticks in the area of passive limit orders are also called iceberg orders. Big players often rightly fear that simply displaying their limit orders could move the price and that other market participants could use the large order volume to their advantage. This is why big players are able to bring a large order to the limit page, although only a small part of this order is always shown in the order book. The total volume remains invisible. If a peak is executed, the next peak appears in the system and so on. The algorithms are responsible for the fact that new peaks are constantly being added and that the apparently small limit order is able to strongly absorb market oders.

Point G

As soon as there is more liquidity in the DOM on the limit side, this should be viewed with great caution. The big player knows that this large limit order can be seen by every market participant. If a large limit sell order suddenly appears in the market, many assume that the market cannot continue to move upwards because the market cannot break through this strong order. Shortly before execution, the big order is deleted by the big players and the price continues to rise sharply. This is also a way to eliminate long traders.

Point H

Iceberg orders are generally not identifiable, but the big players  reveal themselves as soon as they activate the algorithms that prepare an iceberg order. These algorithms can be identified in the headmap and indicate a possible iceberg order. With my spoofing tool I am able to recognize added or subtracted limit orders within the DOM. However, most market participants will not be able to see the limit orders. And that is exactly why the big players work almost exclusively with these limit orders.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In order to determine whether the big player is making its own liquidity available, you have to work with a headmap. The strong green bars at Point A are large buy limit orders that simultaneously absorb strong market sell orders (red circles and triangles). To work with this view, you need special algorithms that show you cumulative and non-cumulative market orders. With this view you already have clear advantages over most market participants

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Point A and B

Here we see the possibility to identify spoofing within the DOM. It is possible to keep an eye on the current spoofing and at the same time the accumulated spoofing. Point A shows spoofing in the buy limit area and Point B shows spoofing in the sell limit area.

Point C

Another interesting possibility is to show the current liquidity on the sell limit orders and buy limit orders page with a special time and sales list. This enables you to determine whether liquidity is increasing or decreasing on a certain side.

Point D

Another good option is to look at the cumulative volume with the associated delta. Since every market order runs into a limit order, you are able to enter the delta in the limit area relatively quickly.

Point E

Another very helpful point is to look at the market orders as soon as a big player pushes the price in a certain direction. To do this, you have to commission algorithms to filter out certain cumulative order groups, which can also be made audible with tones. This can also be used to identify stops by retail traders.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here we see the last 3 hours in Euro FX, from Friday in the limit delta area. The green lines show the delta in the buy limit area, while the red lines show the delta in the sell limit area. The blue background shows the total volume. At this point the following recommendation can be made: If you are working with a volume profile, leave it in the future. The volume is an interesting piece of information to see in which area there have been strong price wars, but the volume is only the total result of bid and ask. Many now think that if the volume on the ask side has gained, the price will continue to go up. However, this is a big mistake, because the limit orders are decisive, because the big players use them to collect bid or ask and exit the market with limit orders. At point A and B we see a strong sell limit delta that was formed. As of 9:15 p.m. CET, the price dropped 40 pip.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The same currency pair, in the same time unit, with a slightly more precise representation. The green bars show the buy limit orders, the red bars the sell limit orders in the delta. The numbers on the left show the number in seconds how long the price stayed within the respective price level. The total volume can also be easily derived from this.

Volume trading has grown significantly in importance in recent years and there are many statements on how to trade volume. But in my opinion, this path is completely wrong. The big players collect and sell only in the limit area, they only use the volume to push the price in a certain direction. Retail traders primarily work with volume and less with liquidity. Therefore, only liquidity decides on the medium-term and long-term course. Of course, short-term price movements can also be derived from the volume, but if you want to make profits in the long term, you should therefore be guided by liquidity. And that is exactly why I am a liquidity trader and not a volume trader.

If you want to follow the big players, you should therefore concentrate more on liquidity than volume. However, since we receive very little information in the liquidity area, we can determine the liquidity by volume. But you should never act according to volume, because then you are on the wrong side.

This automatically leads to a truth that should make retail traders think. The retail traders primarily deal with the volume that can be identified by everyone in the market. The big players primarily deal with liquidity that no one in the market can identify. So the big players see what we do, but we don't see how the big players act. I leave it to your imagination whether this is just a coincidence.

I hope that I was able to clarify a few things, wish you a great weekend and a great trading success in the next week.

Lovely wishes

Michael

--- 帖子 #1364 ---
The Truth of successful Liquidity Traders

Hello dear subscribers,

In my post yesterday I showed why a volume trader is in most cases wrong and volume trading cannot work in the long run.

Why volume trading doesn't work

Of course, it is generally better to get a volume from the exchange market than a tick volume from the forex market. I have specifically described the differences here.

Volume in forex

First of all, the volume from the stock market is nothing more, as the total of Bid and Ask. With the volume, we can see how many market buy orders and market sell orders came into the market at one price level, but only total. Even if we differentiate the volume by color, it only tells us which market orders were outnumbered. The only important information from a high volume is the fact that a price war has taken place there. No more and no less. Deriving a possible winner from this is pure speculation and does not help us. As we already know, the market orders move the price in the short term, but the limit orders actually determine the long-term price trend. I have created two examples for you.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here we see a price trend in the Euro FX M15 with a delta liquidity. The green bars show the buy limit orders, the red bars the sell limit orders. First the course ran from top to bottom and an equilibrium formed. Within this equilibrium there were two zones in which strong buy limit orders were activated. Prize question: What do you think, where the course will go in the medium term?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

You probably already guessed it, the course went up clearly. Of course, the price broke out of the zone a few times within the equilibrium, but take a look at zones A to E to see what type of limit orders were activated and how the price reacted to them. This is crucial information that will give you a significant market advantage.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

We remain in the Euro FX M15 and see that the price initially rose and an equilibrium forms again. Within this equilibrium there were again two zones, in which mainly sell limit orders were activated. Question: What do you think where the course could go in the medium term?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Your answer was probably correct again, the price went down. However, there was a small breakout at point B and many would have bet that the course would rise sharply there. However, the only attempt here was to catch the short traders' stops to switch them off. Now we look at the same price trend, from the perspective of a volume trader.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

First the price goes up and an equilibrium is formed as in our slide number 3. Let us now consider the delta volume, i.e. the difference between market buy orders and market sell orders. Again, two zones form at point A and B, which however predict a strong bullish trend. The representation in this volume profile is absolutely correct, because in these areas more market buy orders than market sell orders have actually entered the market. Since we know that the big players collect almost exclusively in the limit orders area, we can assume that these market buy orders were absorbed by the limit sell orders. The volume trader sees in this overview that the market buy orders were clearly outnumbered. Of course, you could now say that the market buy orders in Zone B tried to push the price up a lot, but failed. For this reason, one could assume that the market buy orders were absorbed. The decisive factor, however, is the fact that looking at market buy orders leads you in the wrong direction.

When looking at limit orders, we use a kind of mirror strategy, by looking indirectly the liquidity over the volume. Almost 1.5 years ago I also presented a mirror strategy by simply swapping the entry orders Market Buy and Market Sell. Theoretically, this could reduce loss rates. You can find the report here:

What happened if ...? The mirror strategy!

Big players primarily use market orders to push a price in a certain direction. In most cases, the aim is to catch stops in order to obtain further and decisive liquidity.

Basically, one can assume that not every situation is clearly recognizable at first glance. However, each course of the course conveys a kind of story, we have to learn to interpret this story, then in most cases we will quickly find out how this story ends. Because of the liquidity alone, I would not make any trading decisions, there is more information and tools that I have already described in my last posts. In principle, a course of the course can be compared to the search for the truth. If you want to find out the truth, you need to collect facts and evidence. The more information you get that fits, the more likely you are to find out the truth.

Therefore, as a successful trader, you should make sure that you only work with tools that provide the best facts and evidence. This makes it easier to discover the truth of a possible course in the long term.

Within this block you will find a lot of information to get a little closer to the truth. I wish you lots of fun and success.

best regards

Michael

--- 帖子 #1365 ---
How a big player turns his position

Hello dear subscribers,

Already in mid-February I noticed that the big players are increasingly making their own liquidity available. I was initially unable to classify this because a hedge, apart from double costs, does not offer any advantage at first. But if you are more concerned with the way big players work, you quickly understand that this approach has interesting aspects for big players.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

On February 19, 2020, I reported for the first time on a situation where the big players made themselves available liquidity. A few days later, at the same price level, a few hours apart, there were two situations in which two big players each provided over 1,000 lots of their own liquidity.

On the trail of the big players

Own liquidity for the big players

In the past, the big players had to collect ask or bid within an equilibrium, very elaborately in different price levels. The big effort is to keep the course within this range. If Ask is collected in an accumulation phase and the price then rises sharply, it must be pushed down again by the big players. To do this, the dollar must first be bought. As soon as the price has reached the lower range, the dollar has to be sold. ASK is required for this. However, this ASK cannot be collected because it is needed to exit the dollar. The big player only has the chance to collect the necessary ASK within a downward movement with buy limit orders. In an upward movement it is much harder to get ASK, unless the big player manages to trigger the short trader's stops. Collecting within an equilibrium is a very time-consuming and expensive effort to get the necessary Bid or Ask. A report on Goldman Sachs, who have reduced their daily income by 30% in the past five years, shows that this approach has become increasingly difficult in recent years.

Problems for the big players?

The big players have the power to move the markets in their given direction, the only disadvantage they have had so far is the fact that they were not able to immediately buy 2000 Lot Ask or Bid and then move the price in their direction. In the following article you can read again the advantages and disadvantages of retail traders / big players.

Follow Smart Money !!!

With the experiment: own liquidity, you have tried to eliminate this disadvantage in recent weeks. The way it looks, it seems to be paying off for the big players, as their own liquidity has been provided very often in recent weeks. In terms of cost, this should not be a major disadvantage, because if you collect within an equilibrium, the course must be kept within a range over a certain period of time. On the one hand this is very time consuming and on the other hand it is very risky because e.g. 2000 Lot Ask will be invested, for several days in the market . If, due to a special market situation, a price slump occurs, it is questionable whether the big player will be able to push the price up again. This could result in significant losses.

If a big player brings a market buy order of 2000 lots into the market, which he picks up at the same time as a 2000 lot sell limit order, he initially only has twice the cost. There is no loss in a price movement because it is a hedge. First he can analyze the market and find out in which direction the dump money is heading. The big player can then take the opposite position and push the course strongly in one direction through the triggered stops. At some point he has to make a decision and get out of a position. At this moment, the big player still has no profit since the second position is now in the minus. Now the course has to be pushed back in the opposite direction and got out of position at the given time.

If a big player has collected for a long time, this resulted in a larger equilibrium and then there was a stronger price movement up or down. If he provides himself with liquidity, e.g. this resulted in a strong upward trend and after in a strong downward trend. This creates a significantly higher volatility than in the first case. Of course, once a big player has provided himself with liquidity, he can get out of a position as quickly as possible and then push the price in the opposite direction. In my opinion, these different experiments are currently running in EURUSD. The big players are trying to find out which strategy is cheaper and more efficient. If this strategy were to succeed, the equilibrium in the EURUSD would be drastically reduced. The big players would be able to buy a large number of ask or bid more quickly and could push the price up or down faster.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I analyzed the range of the last 28 trading days in EURUSD. Point A shows the time when I noticed that the big players started their experiment. For this reason, I have examined the 14 trading days before and the 14 trading days after.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The red fields show the range of 14 trading days before the start of the experiment and the green fields show the range of 14 trading days after the start of the experiment. It is striking that the range has more than doubled. It can also be seen that less equilibrium developed in the second period.

Now you have to consider fairly, of course, that we have had a special market situation in the past 14 days, not least because of the scaremongering of the corona virus. Due to the resulting economic restrictions in many areas, the markets are currently very volatile and unpredictable. Therefore, the price of the course in EURUSD cannot be assigned exclusively to this experiment.

First of all, it remains to be seen whether this approach will be confirmed by the big players in the future, and then we will do another calculation. However, the fact is that an equilibrium significantly reduces volatility. If the number of equilibrium in EURUSD is reduced, this could result in significantly higher volatility. But it is too early for this speculation, we should wait and see how the market develops in the future. So far, the EURUSD was one of the safest currency pairs, the volatility was in the middle and had very little drawdowns. Should the number of equilibrium decrease significantly, future drawdowns could increase significantly.

There is another point that has been a major disadvantage for big players in the past. When the big player had collected a certain number of bids within the equilibrium, there was initially a small breakout to eliminate possible short traders. Then the course was pushed down. The long trader's stops were triggered and used to accelerate the price down faster. You also have to pay attention if a price movement has gone down sharply in a downward trend. Then the big player pushes the price up sharply to trigger the stops of the short traders. He also intercepts these with his sell limit orders in order to obtain further liquidity. As soon as he pushes the price down again, the stops of the long traders are triggered, which push the price further down. This is how the big player manages to push the course down over a long distance.

The problem with the big players in the past was that they had to step out of their 2,000 lot position at some point to realize their winnings. To sell the dollar they need Ask. They can only get ASK, if other market participants are willing to buy BID, because they believe that the market will continue to slide. In the past, this means that the big players usually had to exit their positions well before the low. If they go out of their position on the low, they might not found any market participants to buy the dollar from them.

This is actually very ineffective when a price goes down 100 pip, but a big player has to get out at 65 pip. The big players have come up with another experiment for this. I would like to describe this procedure as: turn position. This situation arose yesterday and I would like to briefly describe it.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

First of all, we see the course of yesterday's price. From the daily open it went down to -105 pip, then 70 pip up, 70 pip down, 60 pip up, and then 100 pip down. This time, a big player tried to took this 100 pip completely.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Around 5:45 p.m., there were already massive exits by some big players out of the dollar. We can see that large limit buy orders have already entered the market, that have absorbed the sell market orders. This initially ensured that the market went up again. The big player that was still in the market with its big Lot position, pushed the market down again. At Point B, no participant was willing to place additional sell market orders on the market. The big player placed several cumulative buy market orders totaling 2000 lots, which he simultaneously absorbed with his own 2000 lot sell limit order. This move was absolutely smart because it sold its 2,000 lot position to itself. At that point, I was in front of a screen with a friend and told him that the price would now like to go up a lot, but it won't go up because the big player has to get out of his euro. It was the same way.

Because the big player at point B brought a total of 2000 lots of cumulative buy market orders to the market, a lot of traders with a long position jumped on this move. It looked like a lot of different traders took a long position. This created a herd instinct. Everyone wants to be there. The green circles at Point C are all market orders that have entered this equilibrium. Interestingly, they didn't move the price up much. That was also clear, because the big player with his sell limit orders ensured that he came out of his upside-down euro position. That initially held up the price.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In this situation, we took a closer look at the bid and ask. We noticed that the delta was positive in the beginning. This means that the big player initially absorbed fewer market buy orders and allowed the price to rise slightly. Had he brutally tried to get out of his position, he would have stop the market up. That would have prevented further buyers from entering the market and the price could have gone down again.

Thus, the big player managed to get out of his euro position little by little and overall he was able to realize a greater profit, than if he had exit the dollar at the range of 70%.

Of course, this situation could have happened completely differently, this representation is only my own interpretation. However, my own interpretation speaks for a significantly higher profit on the part of the big players. And since the big players are only profit-oriented in the market, there is a high probability that my interpretation could contain a great deal of truth. When this situation arose, it was clear to me that I would not be entering into a long trade at this point because I could assume that the big player wanted to get out of its euro position. Why should I use a long position to help the big player get out of his position?

If this approach accumulated in the future, an equilibrium at the end of the day could be identified as a possible exit for the big players. This strategy would accelerate the EURUSD and we would no longer have to wait for the breakout in the Equilibrium for days. That means more potential profits in less time. This will also increase the number of breakouts. But it doesn't make the market any easier, quite the opposite.

At some point, the big player will make liquidity available again. In order to find out in which direction the price will be pushed next, it is crucial to find out the direction of the retail traders. For this I have developed a Zigzag indicator that gives us very interesting information in the Forex market. We'll talk more about that in the next few days.

I wish you a successful trading day today

Lovely wishes

Michael

--- 帖子 #1366 ---
The truth about the volume profile

Hello dear subscribers,

As we know, there has been a huge increase in volume trading in recent years. Many trainers have specialized in this and give their students absolutely wrong information about the volume profile. In my last articles I already pointed out that the volume profile does not provide any specific information in order to obtain concrete trading advantages. Today I want to show you what information you get from a volume profile and why you should rather do without it.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here we see a volume profile in the Euro FX H1 over a period of 20 hours. First of all, a volume profile is nothing more than the addition of ask and bid at the respective price level. There are price levels where there is an increased volume and price levels where there is only a small volume. This allows you to determine the price level at which an increased price war has taken place. It is not clear who won the price war and why. There are many different interpretations within this volume profile, which in my opinion represent pure speculation. Anyone working in this market should not rely on speculation, but rather rely solely on facts. Of course, the backward interpretation of a volume profile is simple, but the goal should be to derive a future price trend from a current volume profile. And that is only possible with interpretation. So the volume profile is no concrete help.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here we see a colored volume profile, the red bars show that the bid and the green bars show that the ask were outnumbered. However, you can also do relatively little with this information. If 1000 Lot Ask and 1001 Lot Bid were traded at one price level, a large red bar with 2001 Lot volume is displayed. This view gives us completely wrong information at the moment, in fact the number of market buy orders and market sell orders was almost identical.

At Point A, a volume of over 3300 lots was achieved, the ask side had the upper hand. Now, of course, one could say that these ask were absorbed and the price has therefore gone down. It's always easy to explain in the past perspective, but why didn't the course at Point B go down? In addition, it is strange that such a large absorption took place at precisely one price level. The probability tends towards zero that two different big players take an opposite position at the same price level.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

We now go one step further and look at the delta volume. This delta volume is calculated by the market orders by displaying ask minus bid. So it shows the result of the respective winner. At points A and B there was a surplus of 2800 and 2400 lots on the ask side. At Point C we also find a surplus on the ask page of over 2000 lots. First of all, this information does not help us, because every market order runs into a limit order.

Either the market buy order manages to eat its way through the limit sell order and further increase the price, or the brand buy order is absorbed by the limit sell order. This representation here shows only the delta of the market orders. The market orders move the market, but are unable to hold a price. As I have already written in many articles, the big players primarily work with limit orders because within one equilibrium they collect a certain number of Bid or Ask .

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

For this reason, I only show the liquidity in my delta chart. This liquidity is calculated by the limit orders, whereby ask minus bid is also calculated here. Liquidity is the optimal indicator of a long-term price movement. In my view, the yellow arrow absorbed 2800 lots in the sell limit area. It is crucial to find out first of all how this absorption could take place at all.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

It is necessary to work with the DOM and the time and sales list. There I get all the information about the different market orders received. A distinction can be made between cumulative market orders (point A) and non-cumulative market orders (point B). It is crucial to identify a possible algorithm.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In the footprint chart we see that in the buy market area 2681 lots were absorbed at one price level. In contrast, the number of market sell orders was very small in the same period. The number of market sell orders at this moment indicates the more realistic market. This means that something special must have happened at this price level.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

For this we first need an individually configured heat map that shows us the limit orders and the market orders at the same time. I already reported in mid-February that the big players, in a kind of experiment, are providing themselves with liquidity in order to eliminate the disadvantage of tedious collecting in the equilibrium. If 2000 lot market buy orders are simultaneously absorbed by 2000 lot limit sell orders at a the same price level, it cannot be a coincidence. No big player can know that another big player brings a certain number of market orders into the market at precisely one price level. Even if he could guess that, this absorption would take place over several price levels. In this way, the specific coincidence can be excluded and it is quite obvious that this is a matter of obtaining liquidity in-house.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Let's first look at what exactly happened. At Point A, the big player made himself available volume in the form of 2000 lot market buy orders, which he also absorbed with 2000 lot limit sell orders. Many participants saw that strong buy market orders entered the market and entered into a long trade. When the price was pushed down, the stops of these long traders helped accelerate the price down. Then the price was pushed to point B. There the big player got out of his 2000 lot dollar position. At Point C he bought another 500 Lot Limit buy orders and pushed the price to Point D. The same game was played there again. The traders now believed that the price could go up and were stopped because the price was running back. The course ran to Point E and there the big player sold his 4500 Lot Euro position. Now there was only a 2000 lot dollar position open, which was in the red. The price was pushed down to point F where the big player closed his dollar position. Since this strategy took place in the Forex market, the profit was approximately $ 200 million, which probably shared two big players.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I believe that it becomes clear relatively quickly that a volume chart cannot convey this information. Therefore I recommend not using a pure volume chart. The limit orders determine the medium and long-term market development, so the concentration should be limited to it. In the next few weeks, we will deal more with limit orders and in particular with the Big Players own liquidity. In the past few days we have seen that Asians are strong invest in the euro, this situation is being exploited by the big players, who are making themselves available liquidity in order, to fish the asians profits. The increased volatility that we currently see in EURUSD is therefore based on two factors. On the one hand the fear of the Corona Virus and on the other hand the self-provided liquidity. Only when the panic about the Corona Virus has reduced significantly will we be able to record the specifically increased volatility through the liquidity they have made available. In the future this means less equilibrium and significantly more movements within an increased volatility. Many traders have noticed in the past few days that the markets have changed significantly. It will be a while before the markets normalize again, but if the experiment "own liquidity" go on, it will be much more difficult for most Forex traders to make constant profits. I therefore recommend that you deal with the new situation right now.

Precise information about this begins with this post:

On the trail of the big players

I wish you a successful trading week

Lovely wishes

Michael

--- 帖子 #1367 ---
Limit Delta gifts

Hello dear subscribers,

As I have already written, there are two ways of looking at the deltas. We can represent the volume delta and the liquidity delta. For the volume delta, ask minus bid is calculated in the area of the market orders and for the liquidity delta, ask minus bid is shown in the area of the limit orders. A volume analysis is usually carried out with market orders, whereby the ask and bid are added together. It shows us where a price war has taken place, but the consequences of this cannot be deduced.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

First the price went up to point A. The volume was relatively low and suddenly I saw a sell limit delta of 279 lots forming at one price level, the price went down again and took a second attempt at point B. The total volume was again very small and increased slightly when the course came to Point B. A sell limit delta of 84 lots was now formed at the same price level. Although this was significantly lower than the previous Sell Limit Delta, it was already above average in relation to the deltas within the candle. Here a clear absorption could be identified, which then pushed the price down by 30 pip.

The price ran into Zone C, where strong buy limit orders entered the market two hours earlier. For this reason, I have drawn this zone as a possible purchase zone. What was decisive for me, however, was how the buy limit delta would behave within this zone. At first an equilibrium was formed and it was found that further buy limits were collected within this zone. Then the course from point D to point E was pushed up. Interestingly, there was a stronger absorption at point E, which pushed the price down another 20 pip. But the stronger buy limit orders from zone C had to be brought into profit, so the price was pushed further up.

Then the course ran to Point F and we see that at Point F & G there was again a stronger absorption which pushed the course down another 25 pip. I marked zones A, B and E as the exit. The price actually went up again afterwards.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

A special variant is the consideration of the limit delta within a certain zone. When the price went up to point A, a strong sell limit delta zone was formed at point B and a strong buy limit delta zone at point C. We can then determine that the subsequent equilibrium moved exactly within this zone. Only with a strong penetration at Point D did the course accelerate downwards.

Looking at the delta in the sell limit and buy limit area is very interesting information that helps us traders in many areas. However, we have to be careful with this information, as the limit area is always long-term. This means that the price does not react immediately to the sell limit orders, but often with a slight delay. It can also happen that a stop running takes place in order to eliminate possible short or long traders. This presentation is a very good overview to understand what is currently happening in the market.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The medium-term consideration can be optimally recorded with a limit delta chart in M5 (point A) and a heat map (point B). This allows you to identify the stophunting as well as exceptional situations when a big player makes his own liquidity available. Point C shows the exact situation again, how the market orders run into the limit order.

I make my actual trading decisions based on short-term information. With point D and E I find the individual algorithms of the market orders on the buy and sell side. I have these algorithms displayed by two different tones that come in in milliseconds. The data is also shown to me, but since I concentrate on limit orders, the tones help me as a third dimension. So I can very quickly determine whether a buy algorithm is absorbed by the sell limit or eats up the sell limit orders.

As additional information, a footprint in the range chart (point F) helps me, where I have hidden the imbalance in the market orders area. This enables me to quickly identify the relevant market orders. Point G shows me the cumulative delta of the day in connection with the open interest, i.e. all open long positions.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In parallel, I keep an eye on the currency strength from the Forex market, the ATR, the Stophunting in the H4 and all relevant meetings of the day that can lead to increased volatility. However, the information from the forex market is significantly slower than the identified algorithms in the future market.

At first glance, my 8 trading screens seem very confusing for a beginner. My big advantage is that I only represent one currency pair there and save a lot of time because I don't have to constantly switch to other time units. 67% of the screen area gives me information from the future market, while the remaining 33% are reserved for the forex market. However, it also took me many years to find the optimal display and changes take place every day because the market is constantly changing. I can always use two screens for these experiments and still do my trading. Our fiber optic cable is already in the house, I hope that the connection will be made soon in order to achieve a significantly better ping time. Another advantage will be the download / upload of 1000/500 Mbit, since the amount of data can be better distributed to my different workstations via a LAN cable. A professional workplace costs some money, but saves a lot of time in the long term. Because time is money. With a Porsche, you can also achieve better lap times at the Nürburgring than with a conventional vehicle. But you have to be ready to invest.

From this long-term and medium-term information, I first have to present a story that I compare with the Stophunting from the Forex market. From this, I first identify buy and sell zones, which I draw on the chart. Once the course comes into my created zones, the response of the algorithms is the deciding factor. After that, I decide relatively quickly whether I want to enter the market or not. My exit is also shaped by the short-term information, whereby I also consider the medium-term information to let profits run. I work with very small stops of 2.5 pip, which requires a 100% entry shortly before a small breakout up or down. In extremely volatile phases, I let the price come back again because this is to stop the traders who are right. As soon as this area has been cleaned up by the big players, you can easily be dragged up or down. Therefore, it is rarely advisable to get in after a strong movement. Of course, I am also stopped if I have worked too imprecisely. But thanks to my future data, this rate has halved. While I used to trade in equilibrium, today I tend to take the more volatile side. This generates more pip per minute and drastically reduces the time spent in the market. However, due to my financial situation, I am not forced to make daily profits. This takes a lot of pressure out and promotes the fun of trading. I prefer a loss that I can understand than a gain that is inexplicable to me. In any case, you should only trade with money that you could easily do without.

Trading successfully in Forex is one of the biggest challenges. The opponents that stand in our way are the best traders in the world. It is perfectly clear that you will pay your tuition fees in the first few years with losts. If you keep your losses small, are willing to learn, question your setup every day and stick it out, you have the best chance of living on it in the long term. In this blog you will find many ideas that can save you a lot of time so as not to repeat the mistakes we long-time traders have all made.

I sincerely wish you to achieve your goals

best regards

Michael

--- 帖子 #1368 ---
With speed of sound, fly into the fog

Hello dear subscribers,

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Yesterday evening, the FED carried out massive interventions in various markets, including the EURUSD. Interestingly, this intervention could not be identified in the Forex EURUSD. Today I would like to show you the concrete differences and the resulting consequences.

In one of my last posts, two days ago, I already pointed out that the daily range in EURUSD has more than doubled.

You can find the article here:

How a big player turns his position

Asian markets have had significantly higher volatility in recent days and many Asians have switched to the euro. Among other things, this ensured that the courses went up sharply. That was, of course, a feast for the big big players, some of whom gave themselves massive liquidity to push the price down sharply.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The last similarly large movement in EURUSD was on June 14, 2018. The course ran from 1,255 (point A) to point B 10,000 pip down. There was a massive upward movement again. Point C had a lot of long traders in the market, which was a clear invitation for the big players to push the price down sharply.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The daily range that was created on June 14, 2018 was a total of 290 pip. There were some major movements before and after, but the market quickly calmed down afterwards. 16 days ago, many traders were still convinced that the price would continue to go down to close the open gap. The big players started pushing the price up to take the short traders out of the market. As of point D, Asians started to invest more in the euro and there were further stronger moves upwards. Due to the current overall situation of all markets, there was no reassurance in the EURUSD. We can clearly see from the range that the situation has become more dramatic. Yesterday the range first peaked, when the price went down almost 280 pip.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Around 5:55 p.m. the FED also intervened in the EURUSD. A total of 6000 lots were traded at Point A, the candles before and after were around 1000 lots. Within the 6000 lots there was roughly an even distribution of bid and ask. It is particularly interesting to see that the price remained within this range 15 hours after the intervention of the FED (Point B).

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Let's first look at what the situation in the Forex market looked like. With the blue arrow, a total of 600,000 lots entered the market in 5 minutes (100 times more than in the Future Market), with the volume previously being around 100,000 lots in every 5 minutes of candle. Of course, the market orders that came into the market were balanced, but we can see that this has not even been noticed in the Forex market. Even with the volume display in the Forex market, one could not recognize this high volume.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here we see a representation in the Euro FX in the 1 tick chart. We recognize that massive market orders have entered both on the bid and on the ask side. These market orders were cumulative market orders, which means that these orders were placed in small quantities, which however were combined in a thousandth of a second to identify them as a cumulative market order. When I saw this presentation, it was clear to me that there was a major intervention to regulate the markets. The large and small market participants in the future market also saw these different market orders and gradually shut down their trading activities.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

At Point A we can still see that in addition to high volatility and volume, the market fluctuated widely. At Point B came the massive intervention of the FED and we see that the market calmed down somewhat in the area of volume (Point C) and later in the area of volatility.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In the Forex EURUSD M1, we can again see from the blue arrow where the FED has intervened in the market. The markets were slowdown, had calmed down somewhat and an equilibrium was initially created. We will find out in the next few days and weeks whether the markets have actually calmed down. Of course, the EURUSD depends on many different factors that cannot be predicted in detail.

After working very intensively with the stock market data, I am happy today to be able to look a little deeper into the market in order to gain trading advantages. When I received my information exclusively from the Forex market, I was unable to identify crucial information.

I wrote an article about volume a few months ago. The ask can be compared to a right-handed propeller that moves the ship forward, the bid can be compared to a left-handed propeller that moves the ship backward. The limit orders in the market represent the current in the sea. When I pull the throttle forward, the ship begins to accelerate. Even if I pull the throttle back now, the ship will continue to move forward. But due to the current, it will stop at some point and be pushed back by the current.

In the Forex market I see green candles that are going up. But at some point there are only a few participants willing to push the course upwards. Nevertheless, the course continues to go up. Then suddenly there is a turnaround and the price goes down sharply.

In the Forex market I can not see when a big player pulls his throttle back and gets out of the market. But this information is crucial to identify a possible turnaround. For this reason, I can only recommend each participant to take a closer look at the stock exchange data.

You can find the article about the volume here.

How important is the volume?

If a candle is going up, I would like to know how much ask was responsible to justify another move up. And I want to know how strong the counterflow of limit sell orders is at the same time. With this information, I am able to realize a market advantage. We can't move the markets, but we can find out where the market is going. This is our only chance. But for that we need the right tools and information. Unfortunately, this information is not available to us in Forex. Nevertheless, with a small willingness to invest, we are able to get this important information. For this I need a data feed from the exchange and good prop software that optimally translates this data feed. If you act strategically, this creates an additional effort of up to $ 50 a month. I am convinced that this additional information can easily justify the additional effort.

I wish you a successful Friday.

best regards

Michael

--- 帖子 #1369 ---
You have done quite a laborious study of volume and liquidity.

1. You are not only a scholar but also an action person. I salute you.

2. My focus since 2008 has been on using knowledge of Speed and shifting of price levels to trade. I only use study tools or quantitative studies to study patterns.

I just trade based on High Low of the day and percentage from Open Price of the day.

3. Actually I lost and regained in a day 100% in a roller coaster kind of ride during 2008. Luckily, I did not lose substantial equity. Because when I made 100% I put breakeven stop loss at a wider stop. I did not resort to trailing profit because of the wild fluctuations. Wider stop losses did not save me. I totally lost my faith in Stop Loss and since 2008 I have never used stop loss.

4. The disaster of 2008 did hit me not so much financially that I can't trade again. I was not in stocks but it left a lot of lessons for me and affected my pschology in a big way. Disasters have a way of leaving debris and when you dig those you find gold. I found mine share of lessons on what not to do and what to do.

5. The kind of psychological pain I went though losing 3 times 100% and giving back all of it in spite of me taking precautions like using Stop Loss did shake me up but at the same time forced me to take the bulls by the horn. I was determined never ever to go through this pain. The result was I started trading for Outliers and chose pending orders to mark the probable Outlier entry. In each year after that I have been able to hit Outliers giving me 500 pips each time (maximum 3 chances in one year).I did trade but only during high momentum times only.

6. Measuring speed of the price level movements (by intuition not by using any indicator) and finding alternatives to stop loss has worked for me well. I use Bought Options as stop loss. Buy Put options when I expect prices to fall. Buy Call options when I expect Prices to increase. Options repaired my psychological scars.

For measurement of speed Ticks is my choice. A friendly generously coden an EA for me but now he has no spare time now. I have used that EA to study how effectively I can trade with a single entry criteria. Ticks used through an EA for wild random trading with currency strength as an entry filter has generated up to 70% return on GBPJPY in less than 4 months And an equal amount of Drawdown in subsequent 4 months. Which means either I live with the drawdown for next 4 months or take an exit and stop trading or look for an alternative symbol which can alternatively generate similar kind of returns during the paused period of first symbol to ensure yearly consistent rate of return to at least 100%. I failed to find such a symbol and now I have moved away from Forex to Stock Indexes. Forex has lost volatility.

The experience is captured here: https://www.forexfactory.com/simnz#acct.09-tab.report

GBPJPY had an ADR of 250 pips trading 24 hours. (active trading based on 2-hour active session - 6 hours a day)

German Index CFD has 350 pips trading less than 24 hours (active trading time 2-3 hours). So I have moved closer to this symbol.

I will soon set up an TE with DAX trading once market settles down.

7. You are the only person who talks about ticks and I will appreciate if you can share your links specifically relating to Ticks based indicators and Expert Advisors.

I am 71 and have no particular skills of Excel or coding. If you have time to code a simple EA that shoots entries purely based on distance of Pips touching previous high lows .

Inputs:

1. Time for lookback :From: Start Time (Date: HH: MM: SS, Day) to End Time (Date: HH: MM: SS, Day). Day is automatically generated in output. No need for inputting this field. Knowing Days is important to know which DAY is very volatile.

2. Direction: Up or Down or Both. Random Trading will generate both buy and sells. I will mostly be using this.

Only when incidents like Brexit and Corona virus crisis happen you are quite clear about the direction, then I will select Direction of Up or Down based on my discretionary thinking.

3. Start entry when Pips Distance of XXXXXXXXXXXX ( number of pips) touches any of following levels

(a) Yesterday's high : Yes or No

(b) Yesterday's Low: Yes or No

(c) Today's defined Price level (any or current) : Yes for my own price level or No For current Price level

(d) Today's Open Price: Yes or No .

4. Maximum no of trades: xxxxxxxxxxx lots

5. Use blocks of ticks to print bars histogram on chart ...........(no of ticks)

6. Magic No:

Output:

1. Enter Trades

2. Print histogram of ticks in sub-window in Bars (mini candles)

I will use mainly as a reasearch tool and use another indicator or Trade Manager to Take Profit, Set up Trail Stop, Slippage control etc.

Thank you.

--- 帖子 #1370 ---
Tick charts versus volume and liquidity

[quote=simnz;12813284]You have done quite a laborious study of volume and liquidity. 1. You are not only a scholar but also an action person. I salute you.

Hello simnz,

First of all, many thanks for the honest statement, which clearly shows that the markets are constantly changing and that traders are forced to make regular adjustments. I initially acted within the equilibrium for many years, with supply and demand. Since the big players first had to collect in the equilibrium, I was able to calmly traded the sideways movements. The range was only 10-20 pip, but it was easier for me to calculate. As a result, I lost only a few thousand dollars at the beginning, after which I reached a permanent increase in profits without any significant drawdowns. It was more of a slowly rising, linear movement with no large swings up or down. After the big players have started to provide themselves with liquidity in the past few months, future trading in the Equilibrium no longer seems to be quite as interesting and secure. I was lucky enough to jump to the stock market data early on. By calculating the tick charts in Forex, I made a simple transition to the stock market data. Today I only use the tick charts to identify the key candle for the stophunting of the big players. As you wrote correctly, the speed of the courses plays a crucial role for a calculation in Forex. If a price moves down quickly, this is primarily due to a lack of liquidity in limit buy orders and at the same time to a higher volume of market sell orders. You can often identify this situation in the future market beforehand, which is a clear market advantage. Unfortunately, I am currently focusing more on my prop software, which only runs with stock market data, because it gives me a deeper insight into the market. The tick charts in the forex market run in parallel since I only use the forex for trading. An absolute professional in the field of EA and speed from tick charts is MathTrader7, with whom you should exchange ideas. He has developed great indicators and ideas that could help you.

In this blog you will also find a lot of information about the volume. Here is the description of how a tick chart is calculated in Forex and Future.

Volume in forex

Here I compared live a tickchart in Forex with a tickchart in Future.

Project 6 Forex & Future

I hope that I could help you a little and keep my fingers crossed for a successful trade.

Lovely wishes

Michael

--- 帖子 #1371 ---
Video: Big player algorithms

Hello dear subscribers,

For today's post, I created a video that I will first explain in detail. If you then watch this video, you have the crucial information to achieve a decisive learning effect. You could then focus on the important things to see how the big players are working.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

After the Fed tried on Thursday (Point A) to slow the markets down a bit, a range of 166 pip was reached on Friday. It was still the second largest range in the past three weeks. The range could have been much larger if the Fed had not intervened. The volatility has been above average in the last few days at + 100%, which has caused some high-frequency traders to enter the future market more often. This resulted in movements that could not have been foreseen even with future data, as the relationship between supply and demand was sometimes completely turned upside down. Sometimes the spreads increased until they reached +100% and because of the volatility it often took significantly longer to entry or exit a position. This increased the risk factor enormously, because one can jump on a slow-moving train much more safely, than on a fast-moving ICE. I prefer the EURUSD with normal, average volatility, because it gives me more efficient signals that I can implement much better. But we always have to be aware that due to the currently difficult market situation, all markets are in a state of emergency. I also hope in the interest of all traders that we can return to this normal state as soon as possible. Then the high-frequency carriers will turn to the more volatile markets and relieve the EURUSD. Then the misrepresentation of supply and demand is reduced.

Nevertheless, there were some interesting situations on Friday that you as a trader could simply trade. Now we start with my recorded example.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

First of all, let's take a closer look at the period in which the video was recorded. The starting time was on Friday, March 13th, 2020 from 18:34 - 18:39 CET. A total of 26 pip was reached in 5 minutes, which in this case was twice as much as the EURUSD would normally achieve in a downward movement.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

For the video I have put together a hybrid screen, at Point A we see a Forex M1 chart with my developed Bionic candle. This new type of candle display is a development of its own that has never existed worldwide. This enables you to record the candle information faster and more accurately. You can find the exact explanation here:

The bionic chart

You can download the indicator here for free:

Bionic Home Screen Project 3

Point B

Here we see a representation from the future market in 1 tick chart. On the left we see the accumulated limit delta from the day. The circles are cumulative market buy orders and market sell orders. The triangles represent non-cumulative market orders that have entered the market from a size defined by me. First and foremost, it can be used to identify the stops of long and short traders. At Point B we see a big red circle, this is a larger cumulative sell market orders,  that shows us that someone bought the dollar or got out of the euro. In this case the dollar was bought. The smaller green circles (at point B) are stops of the short traders. The course initially went down and there was another small pullback.

Point C

Here we see a representation of the limit orders on the buy and sell side in M5. The total volume is also displayed within the candle. At Point C we see that the Limit Sell page was used more. Here the green circles from point B (stops the schort trader) were absorbed. After that, the price initially went down.

Point D

Here is the last candle from the representation Point C, enlarged in the M5.

Point E

Here we see a bar delta representation of bid and ask. The respective green and red lines show the respective range of ask and bid. We clearly see that the bid side currently has an advantage.

Point F

The day's cumulative delta is shown in the chart. The cumulative ask and bid is settled. At 17:39 CET there was a stronger increase in the area of the cumulative delta. There is now a slight downward trend at the top, which means that more bid than ask is entering the market at this point.

Point G

This is the open interest in the EURUSD market. This shows all open long positions in the market, which is the number of trades and not the number of volumes. We can see that the number of open long positions is falling more sharply.

Point H

This is a range chart that issues different trading signals based on certain algorithms. These trading signals no longer change after being issued i.e. they are not deleted afterwards. At Point H we can see that it is currently a stronger trading signal upwards.

Point I

This involves identifying different algorithms that are calculated in the form of cumulative sell market orders. The display at Point I shows a stronger cumulative sell market orders, which we find as a red circle at Point B.

Point J

The cumulative sell market orders with a size of three or more lots are displayed here.

Point K

Only the cumulative buy market orders with a size of 3 lot or more are displayed here. In addition, I have this algorithm displayed by two different tones. Once for the area of market sell orders and once for the area of market buy orders. This allows me to focus on limit orders with my eyes, while at the same time perceiving the market orders acoustically. This algorithm can also be used to display the individual orders placed by retail traders, for example 1 and 2 lots. It can be seen that in most cases the big players take the exact opposite position.

Point L

This involves identifying different algorithms that are filtered and calculated in the form of cumulative market buy orders. As soon as lighter colors appear in this algorithm, they are usually larger stops that have been caught. In combination with the limit orders, this is a very interesting representation to identify absorption.

This representation shows us the beginning of our video sequence, let us now consider what exactly happened in the course of the next 5 minutes.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The price initially went up again in a small pullback and we see at point A that the sell limit orders in the DOM are coming into the market more strongly on several levels. Of course you can often see so-called fake limit zones in the DOM, which you can identify relatively quickly with experience .

Point B

We see that the big players in this area are beginning to absorb the market buy orders. In addition, they have put their sell limit orders above them more strongly in order to intercept a possible breakout. Because if short trader stops are triggered now, the price could jump up briefly and would then be absorbed by the waiting sell limit orders of the big players. So you can clearly see that the big players were still expecting further stops at this time.

Point C

We see that some market buy orders still came into the market, but these were absorbed by the limit sell orders of the big players.

Point D

We are already getting a sell signal in the range chart. Based on these signals, I would never trade, but it is an additional interesting help for orientation.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Point A

In the Forex Chart we see that the price has now gone down a little more.

Point B

Here we see a typical fake limit buy order in the DOM, which should signal to the market that the price are going up again at this point. For me, the price was still bearish at this point, but one should expect a short upward movement here so that the short traders fly out of the market.

Point C

First of all, at point C we see that the sell signals have strengthened and the price then went down. At Point D there are initially some buy signals, which should be viewed critically due to the fake limit zone. First of all, the price in this area must first be stopped in order to bring long traders into the market. Another point is the fact that there were many short traders in the market at the time. These short traders must first be stopped to push the price further down.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

With a short move up, the short traders are kicked out of the market.

Point A

We see in the Forex Chart that the price was pushed up again over 10 pip.

Point B

A green circle is created that shows accumulated market buy orders. These market buy orders are the stops of the short traders that have been removed from the market. The big player was able to receive further sell limit orders and is now pushing the price further down.

Point C

Here we see these stops simultaneously in our filtered time and sales list. The light color shows us that these are larger cumulative market buy orders.

Point D

We know on the Sell Limit page in the DOM that the big players are doing everything possible to intercept further possible stops. These are not fake limit orders. This situation shows us that the market will now continue to decline.

Point E

Here we see that stronger orders have come in on the ask side, which are, however, only the stops of the short traders. Many traders at this point believe that this stronger ask is buying the euro, but in fact the dollar was sold because stops were triggered.

Point F

We can see that some buy signals entered the market, but the sell signals at Point G are much stronger.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Point A

Now the price has gone down more, to the blue arrow my key zone, since the candle to the left was a key candle. This is an optimal exit point for the scalpers, the day traders must now expect a possible price increase or an equilibrium.

Point B

We see that the big players are already making every effort to absorb future market sell orders. This is an indication that the price could not go down that far anymore.

Point C

Here we already see some efforts to push the course up again.

A small equilibrium actually emerged after that, the price went down another 14 pip. In this downward run, the big players absorbed the market sell orders with limit buy orders and pushed the price up again by 45 pip at 18:53 CET.

This was roughly the sequence of my 5 minute video. A better representation could be achieved in the 1- Tick chart or 1 -seconds chart, but this should be enough for a first overview. First, watch the video and pay attention to the different representations. You can pause or rewind the video at any time to better recognize individual sequences.

Inserted Video

Using this example, the procedure of the big players is relatively easy to understand. As I wrote in my last posts, limit orders are a very important factor. The art is to create an overall story from the different information. From this you can quickly guess what the big players are planning in detail. In combination with the key candles from the Forex market, it is very easily able to fully trade the individual movements. Of course, you will be stopped with this procedure from time to time if the big players suddenly perform a strong Stophunt. No trader is prepared for this. I have been stopped a few times in such situations, but then I acted in the same direction a second time and was correct in most cases.

Only with the information and data from the Forex market, you are unable to see what the big players are up to. As a rule, they are always on the hunt for market orders that they absorb with their limit orders. And the most volume in a small space is always released with the stops. Anyone who deals with precisely these factors in the future market will significantly increase their probability of winning. The first time you work with such a view, as in my example, it looks very complicated at first glance. But after a while it is anything but complicated, it is even a lot of fun to act with the individual movements, almost exactly. You can see exactly when you have to get in and see when the big players get out of the market. As a retail trader, we have the advantage that we can let ourselves be pulled a little further up or down after the big players exit before the market direction changes. With the right tools, we are able to grasp the truth of the market. And only those who know what's going on are able to act accordingly.

I wish you a nice weekend and a successful trading week

best regards

Michael

--- 帖子 #1372 ---
Extreme market situation in EURUSD = positive or negative?

Hello dear subscribers,

In the last 3 weeks the markets have changed a lot and in many areas there is a state of emergency. In the area of ATR and volatility, there have been significant increases in EURUSD in recent weeks. In this article, we want to investigate whether these increases have a positive effect on our probability of winning or not.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The average daily ATR has quintupled in the past 3 weeks.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

At the same time, the daily range peaked to five times. The bars show the following daily range: Blue = Europe, Red = USA and Green = Asia.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

If we determine the hourly ATR, we see that the extreme peaks are still very strong even with the intervention of the FED on Friday. Now we want to find out whether this changed market situation is more likely to bring opportunities or risks.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Point A

The average ATR in the M1 within the last 100,000 candles was just 1.35 pip / 1 min, today around 10:00 CET the ATR was 7.3 pip / 1 min.

Point B

The average ATR in the M5 within the last 100,000 candles was just 3.01 pip / 5 min, today around 10:00 CET the ATR was 15.1 pip / 5 min.

Point C

The average ATR in the M15 within the last 100,000 candles was just 6.75 pip / 15 min, today around 10:00 CET the ATR was 28.0 pip / 15 min.

So that you have the ATR in view, I post this very interesting indicator from cja, a very creative and professional programmer who developed this indicator. The indicator is very flexible and can be customized.

Attached File(s)   Average Candle.ex4

4 KB
|
728 downloads

You should only make sure that your historical candle data is also available to calculate the required number of candles. If there are only 50,000 candles in your history database and you use the indicator to calculate 100,000 candles, the result is of course not correct. You can see the number of candles in your history database. To expand your candle history, watch this video.

Inserted Video

If you have downloaded the additional data, you have to perform a refresh in each time unit so that the data can be taken over by your broker. Try it first with a completely new MT4, then nothing can go wrong.

The average ATR is currently 5 times higher than under normal conditions. On the one hand, however, this also brings opportunities. If we compare the opportunities with the risks, we will find out whether the current situation is an advantage for us.

On February 18th I published a currency calculator, with which everyone is able to calculate their optimal currency pair.

Bionic currency calculator

There I have already calculated the EURUSD, with a spread of 0.5 and an ATR of 1.2. Spreads have increased significantly in recent days and at the same time the ATR has increased to 7.3. This results in a new calculation for the EURUSD.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Point A

Here we see the changed spread from 0.5 to 0.8 to 1.0.

Point B

Here we see the changed ATR from 1.2 to the extreme value of 7.3.

Point C

This results in the time until breakeven, provided the trade develops in the profit direction. We recognize that the breakeven can be reached 3-4 times faster due to the higher ATR.

Point D

Here are the gains and losses that can be achieved in 3 minutes, depending on whether you act in the direction of profit or loss.

Point E

This gives you the probability of winning. Basically, we can see that the increased ATR has a positive effect on the probability of winning in EURUSD.

Point F

Here are the gains and losses that are achieved with 5 winning and 5 losing trades. The calculation of point D is taken into account.

Overall, we find that after 10 random trades, the loss is double that of an ATR of 1.2. There is also a crucial point: Due to the high volatility, some brokers are unable to enable retail traders to enter or exit immediately. There can be considerable delays when entering or exiting, which lead to greater losses.

Overall, a high ATR therefore has a rather negative effect on the probability of winning. This means that a possible win is left to chance. If you work with the stock market data, an increased ATR can have positive aspects, if you work with the pure Forex data, a lower ATR seems to have a clear advantage. But this approach always depends on the respective strategy of the individual traders.

In my last post, I explained exactly how you can still act profitably in these markets by identifying algorithms.

Video: Big player algorithms

I wish you every success

best regards

Michael

--- 帖子 #1373 ---
EURUSD gap closed

Hello dear subscribers,

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

At 13:13 CET the open gap in the EURUSD was closed, almost exactly to the pip.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In the futures market, 32 ticks are missing to close the gap.

After the open gap of 40 pip was half reached on February 20, 2020, the EURUSD went up 720 pip in the following 15 trading days. Within 9 trading days, the EURUSD has now dropped 770 pip again and closed the open gap. The first reaction was a strong move of 113 pip upwards. However, I am always very critical of such reactions, because this movement was more of a pullback for me and not a sustainable movement. A lot of big players have been invested short in the last 9 trading days, some of which are not out of their positions yet. That speaks for a possible equilibrium.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

What is striking is the willingness to push the course higher. The circles outlined in yellow show this strong bullish readiness. However, I am not a clairvoyant and unable to predict a course. There are, of course, important zones that should be observed, but it is then important to recognize the strength of the sell limit order or buy limit order entering the market. We are currently in a state of emergency in the area of volatility and the daily range anyway. The escape of the Asian market into the euro was used by the big players to push the market down so strongly again. This open gap could now be used to get out of the short positions and possibly acquire new Ask. This could potentially result in an equilibrium initially in this zone. It is crucial to observe the limit orders and to recognize when the big players use their algorithms to order the market orders to push the price up or down.

I wish you a successful trading day

Lovely wishes

Michael

--- 帖子 #1374 ---
Corona virus SARS-CoV-2 / COVID 19

Hello dear traders,

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

it is currently a very oppressive feeling to trade, while many people die or struggle with their lives due to the coronavirus. Almost 10,000 people have already lost their lives and some 100,000 people have lost a valuable person at the same time. I am in my thoughts with these people who have lost a loved one and hope that those who are struggling with this virus will recover.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The data is from: 19.03.2020 15:00 CET

At first, this virus was downplayed, since every year over 500,000 people worldwide probably die from respiratory diseases as a result of an influenza infection. My wife is a teacher in a large heart clinic and also helps in these difficult times by supporting the doctors in the intensive care unit. Many people risk their own lives in these times by supporting other people. I don't take this for granted and would like to thank these people at this point. Even though my wife's job gives us a high chance that we will both catch the virus, we are not afraid, but we also have the necessary respect for this virus. This state of emergency limits life and freedom enormously, but I am convinced that the world will also create this challenge together. I just hope that in the end we humans will learn a lesson and change certain behaviors in the future.

Here you get current information about COVID 19

https://gisanddata.maps.arcgis.com/a...23467b48e9ecf6

I wish you all that you stay healthy and survive these difficult times without losing anyone.

I keep my fingers crossed for you

Lovely wishes

Michael

--- 帖子 #1375 ---
EURUSD Trader positioning in MT4

Hello dear subscribers,

After a short or long position has been opened, every trader keeps asking himself why the price is going in exactly the opposite direction. As soon as you were stopped, the course runs strongly in the direction in which you opened your position. Every trader knows this phenomenon and is part of the basic principle of big players.

If someone loses $ 1 in the Forex market, there is someone who wins that $ 1 at the same time. The market is always balanced, like a balance sheet. If a big player drives the price up and a retail trader gets out of his long position to realize his profits, it costs the big player return. That's why a big player is interested in taking as few traders as possible on their way up or down. In addition, a big player regularly needs volume to fill his limit orders. He finds this volume in large quantities at narrow price levels in the form of stops. The retail traders work in the herd instinct due to incorrect information about HH, HL, LH, LL, stop setting and indicators. This makes it easy for the big players to see how most traders are positioned. In order to trade successfully, the big player must always take the opposite position of the retail trader.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

There is a lot of information on the Internet about how the majority of retail traders are positioned. Actually, it is not wise to reveal how you are positioned, because this information could benefit the big players. Interestingly enough, the big players do not need this information to know where the retail traders are positioned. They know exactly how the retail traders work, the stop setting, which indicators used and the zones where most stops are located. The big players also work with algorithms that scan the market for hidden stops in the form of market orders. As soon as the algorithms encounter hidden stops, the big player knows, that it is worth, to buying more into the stops, with further market orders. He intercepts these stops simultaneously with his limit orders and then pushes the price in the opposite direction. So if a trader is stopped regularly, he can be sure that he belongs to the general herd and should do something about it. Many traders regularly find out where their colleagues are positioned, but in the short term, this not help much.

Today I would like to show you a strategy how you can find out the positioning of the retail traders and thus also the big players very quickly and efficiently. You will receive 5 auxiliary indicators from me with a template.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The blue box shows the period 19.03.2020, 09: 30-13: 00 CET, which we will take a closer look at in the M30, M15, M5 and M1. Let's start with the EURUSD M30. The course was pushed up from point A to B with a force of 77 pip per candle and then pushed down from point B to C with a force of 23.4 pip per candle. This means that at point A, many traders were short-oriented, who were initially stopped with the stronger movement to point B. Then the course ran comfortably to Point C. At Point C, many traders were short-oriented. With a force of 113 pip per candle, the price was pushed up. At point A, fewer traders were oriented short than at point C. In my oscillator you can see the strength of the two movements. The stronger the green bar, the more the retail traders were short-oriented. The green bar shows the reaction of the big players to the positioning of the retail traders. Since more retail traders were short-oriented at point C, the big player had to push the price up more bullishly than at point A. Therefore the green bar at point F is larger than at point E. Please note: The bars show only the average pip/candle and not the length of a movement.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Slide 3

The EURUSD in the M15. Point A and C show the strength of the upward movement (38.4 and 24.8 pip), Point B and D show the strength of the downward movement (27.5 and 12.1 pip). Average upward movement 31.7 pip, average upward movement 19.6 pip. We can see that the upward movements were stronger than the downward movements. This means that the majority of the traders there were short-oriented, the big player had to pull them out of the market first in order, to make a profit with a move down.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Slide 4

Now the zones are shown a little more precisely and you can see the individual strengths of the up and down movements. We'll take a closer look at these in a table.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In the M1 we have significantly more information than in the M5 and you can also see the individual strengths of the up and down movements. We will now take a closer look at these in a table.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

At points A to D I first noted the strength of the up and down movements and at point E I calculated an average of them. At Point F I created a graphical representation of all 4 time units. We see that the upward movements were stronger in all 4 time units, although the price was in a downward movement. At point G and H we see the up and down movements in the M5 and M1. We now want to compare the movement of Point H with the Bionic Oscillator.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The representation at point A was created with Excel, I rounded the numbers, so there are deviations. I used an even spacing in Excel, so there are shifts. With the Bionic Oscillator we can easily visualize the strength of the movements in the chart. We will often see that when the price goes down, the strength of the bullish moves is higher because many traders also want to trade down, but are stopped by the strong moves up.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The Bionic Zig Zag Oscillator is very flexible, here you can see 4 different representations to identify the respective movements. It is also possible to show the numbers of the strength, but they are displayed in Pip.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I have created a template with 5 auxiliary indicators for you. I have already described and presented these indicators in detail in many articles, so I will not go into them any more today. The main thing is to use the Bionic Oscillator to find out the strength of the individual movements in order to identify a possible main movement. You should also consider a possible Stophunting, I have already written about this themes a few posts in this blog. The smallest setting in the ZigZag for me is: 2/1/0 or 2/2/1. Take a look at both of them and decide for yourself which setting you can work with best.

I hope that this information will help you and I would be happy if you can use it to find better entrances and be less stopped in the future.

I wish you a successful trading day

best regards

Michael

Attached File(s)   Indicators Bionic short & long Trader.zip

884 KB
|
2,286 downloads

--- 帖子 #1376 ---
First results as a liquidity trader

Hello dear subscribers,

For almost a year now I have been dealing very extensively with the stock market data that I use exclusively for my trading in Forex. At first, like most future traders, I concentrated on the volume, but found that the big players primarily absorb the volume with their limit orders in order to collect the required number of bid and ask. The big players used the volume, in the form of market orders, only to keep the price within a range or to push the price in their direction in order to fill their limit orders with compressed volumes (stops of retail traders). In addition, they began to make massive amounts of liquidity and volume available to themselves when there was relatively little volume on the market. You can also find some posts about this in this blog.

Experiment own liquidity continues!

Overall, the decisive factor is in the area of limit orders, since most traders ignore them. For this reason, in the past few weeks I have concentrated exclusively on the decisive liquidity (limit orders) that come into the market unnoticed in the form of iceberg orders. I initially invested many hours on the side to put together an individual strategy.

I recommend you first look at the following articles.

A completely new market view

Volume versus liquidity

Why volume trading doesn't work

The Truth of successful Liquidity Traders

The truth about the volume profile

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

As I mentioned in many articles, it is crucial to find out why a bullish or bearish candle is created. A green, bullish candle arises because the euro is bought or the dollar is sold. A red, bearish candle arises because the euro is sold or the dollar is bought. When a big player pushes the price down and the stops of retail traders trigger a chain reaction by triggering further stops, this bearish candle has arisen because the euro was primarily sold. If this retail sale of euro by retail traders is now intercepted by the buy limit orders of the big players, this is a clear indication of an upward trend in the medium term. In addition to concentrating on limit orders, identifying cumulative market orders, open interest, the cumulative delta of limit orders, and reading out the algorithms of the big players with different tones, I tried to create a setup that made sense for me.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The daily range has tripled in the past 20 days and volatility has increased five-fold. This initially prevented me from starting my test run. After the open gap in the forex closed on Thursday, I expected a small drop in the daily range and volatility for Friday. So I started my first experiment on Friday to find out if my setup had a profitable chance.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In the past I traded up and down the range in the Equilibrium. With the future data I have now concentrated on the smaller outbreaks that usually take place before a stophunting. At first it was difficult as a scalper to find the right entries, my plan was to use the best 20 trades of the day to generate a profitable trade. I only traded 18 trades because I still lacked some information, which I then corrected immediately. The experiment got off to a good start and I created an evaluation.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Point A

Overall, I made 18 trades in 9 hours from 09:00 CET to 18:00 CET. I lost 3 trades and won 15 trades. This is initially a win ratio of over 83%.

Point B

Overall, I won € 464 and lost € 53, leaving a net € 411. In this case the win ratio was over 88%.

Point C

I paid my broker a spread of € 108 for these 18 trades, which I also had to earn, because I don't have to pay a commission. The spread was a bit higher than usual, normaly I pay € 72. That would have increased my profit again.

The profit factor was 8.72 since I won € 464.16 and lost 53.23 at the same time. I can be very satisfied with this value.

My first stop loss was 2.7 pip, which I reduced to 2 pip after my first loss. Since I traded the small breakouts, the price should move in my direction immediately after I started, so I am considering reducing the stop loss to 1.5 - 1 pip in the future.

Point D

The drawdown was initially very small because I traded with relatively little Lot. This drawdown will increase significantly in the future. With an account size of € 18,000 and a risk of 1.5 pip with 10 lots, the drawdown would increase to 2.5%, with the same profit ratio. The future risk per trade would then be 0.83% and could be increased to 1.7% in exceptional situations. The return of 2.28% is based on the fact that I was very cautious at first. This could increase drastically if the number of lots is increased.

Point E

What I was particularly pleased about is the fact that I won more long trades than short trades, since I was much more successful with short trades in the past. Maybe also because the short trades run about 30-40% faster than the long trades. But let's take a closer look at the analysis.

Point F

With 7 short trades, I was able to win € 129.81 in a total of 96 seconds, which is a profit of € 1.35 per second. With 8 long trades, I was able to win € 334.35 in a total of 258 seconds, which is a profit of € 1.30 per second. Although I won more on the long side than on the short side, the short side is still more efficient. I will keep an eye on that. In the long range I lose 0.73 € per second while on the short side I only lose 0.17 €. This is also an argument for the short area. The longest trade I made was the short loss of 142 seconds. This is once again proof of the principle of hope. I just waited too long and hoped that the trade would develop in my favor. Typical human behavior.

Point G

Overall, I spent 541 seconds in the market with the 18 trades, which is an average of 30 seconds per trade. Of a total of 9 hours (32,400 seconds) I only used 1.67% of the time to trade in the market. That means there is still enough potential for interesting trade entries.

Point H

The net profit was 410.93 that achieved in 9 minutes, that is a profit of € 45.66 per minute and a very good hourly wage. By increasing the number of lots, this profit can be increased significantly in 9 minutes, with a maximum risk of 0.83% per trade. In this experiment I tried to filter out the best signals for me. One would first have to check whether further signals reduce the profit rate. If that were the case, the risk would have to be increased to 1.7%. This would make a profit 20 times as high as in this experiment.

However, one would have to expect significantly lower volatility and range in the future, which would realistically enable a profit 6 times as high as in this experiment. However, it is questionable whether this high probability of winning can be maintained in the future. The best times in EURUSD are from 07:00 CET to 11:30 CET and from 14:00 CET to 19:30 CET. That is 10 hours to identify optimal trading signals. Part of my future experiments will be to find out if I can trade profitably with less qualitative trading signals. This will result in the future strategy. Either I use further trade signals to keep the risk low or I increase the risk to 1.7% per trade to optimize profits.

Conclusion:

The result is initially positive, but should not be overestimated as it could also be a coincidence. At the same time, this result is also confirmation that the experiment will be followed up. The more data is collected, the more precise a statement will be about my approach.

What did I do differently in this experiment than before?

In principle, nothing, since much of my trading is still based on intuition and experience. I don't sit in front of my screen and watch for a signal that tells me to go long or short. It is a series of different information that I intuitively combine from my 8 screens into one story and make an immediate trading decision. In the past 10 years I have done this a few thousand times in the Equilibrium and today I am able to use this experience. A Setup is an individual thing, even if I described my approach exactly, the result for other traders would still be different. You have to compare that with a setup of a racing car. If a racing driver were to drive with his colleague's setup, this could possibly lead to a bad accident. In this blog you will find different ideas to create your own setup. No one else can do this work for you. Successful trading does not work by waiting for intersecting Moving Averages who tell you: Entry or Exit. Successful trading is a hell of a challenge. I work with complicated algorithms and extremely well-resolved and filtered stock market data, but I still lose regularly.

A subscriber on our blog put it so nicely, I would like to quote his words.

In the DAX, I trade in the M1 with very short-term trades to cut out a few points. Why do I achieve a hit rate of 75% in good phases? (By "good phase" I mean: if I can suppress the gambling instinct, that is to say I am maximally disciplined). The fact is that I somehow now see what - probably - is about to happen. Of course not just intuition and gut feeling, but also based on rational considerations (and a lot of screen time in recent years). But I like to compare it to driving on the motorway: Why do I know that the car in the right lane will probably change to the left lane (although it is not flashing)?

I think he put it in a nutshell.

It is precisely this intuition, the gut feeling and a rational approach that will bring the long-term success you want. For that you have to be ready to work hard (screentime, screentime and again screentime). I am very proud that this blog brings together so many traders who take their work very seriously. That will take us all one step further.

Many thanks to all subscribers who make this blog so successful.

I wish you a relaxing weekend

Lovely wishes

Michael

--- 帖子 #1377 ---
Who is our biggest competitor in trading?

Hello dear subscribers,

The Forex market generates over $ 6 trillion in sales every day, including over $ 2 trillion, in the EURUSD. However, only about 1/1000 of this turnover is actually exchanged for money in one day. If a lot of $ 100,000 is used, a stop of 10 pip is worth about $ 100, this $ 100 was calculated per lot in this example.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The big players win around $ 133 million in EURUSD every day, 2/3 of which they take from retail traders and 1/3 from institutional traders.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In our assumption, we assume that 100 big players, 10,000 institutional traders and 1 million retail traders trade in EURUSD every day. That is a total of 1,010,100 trading participants per day.

Point A

Since the big players operate with a win rate of around 90%, ten big players lose around $ 166 million in one day. 6,000 institutional traders lose a total of $ 133 million and 900,000 retail traders lose a total of $ 100 million. That means 906,010 trading participants lose a total of $ 400 million.

Point B

90 big players win $ 300 million, 4000 institutional traders win $ 90 million and 100,000 retail traders win $ 10 million. A total of 104,090 trading participants win $ 400 million a day. Of course, you have to take into account that the profits and losses change permanently for all trading participants. Every dollar that is lost benefits another trading participant, so that the balance is balanced at all times. If someone loses money, it is not gone, but someone else is happy about it. Mostly, unfortunately, the big players.

Point C

At the end of the day, the balance should look like this. The big players win $ 133 million by taking $ 43.3 million from institutional traders and $ 90 million from retail traders.

Point D

This means that 906,010 trading participants lose an average of $ 441 per day and 104,090 trading participants gain an average of $ 3843. Since almost 90% of all trading participants lose in the EURUSD, the overall chance is 1:10. If you look at these results, you might think at first glance that the big players are our biggest competitors. But is that really true?

First of all, we have to realize that a market can only move if there are different opinions and therefore different market executions. If there are 100 traders in a market and everyone takes a short position, nothing will happen. Only when some traders start building a long position will the market move. Next we have to think about which market participant is able to move the market.

Big players are definitely the largest players with the most money. They are able to move the market the most. This is followed by the institutional traders who can move the market in medium strength. In the end, there are the retail traders who would only be able to move the market if a few 1000 traders opened short or long positions at the same time. Since this rarely happens, retail traders are hardly able to move the market more. However, retail traders have one thing in common, and these are their stop positions, which are very close to each other.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Let's look at a classic example. At first there was a stronger downward movement from point A to B. There was a small equilibrium, then suddenly there was a strong movement to point C. The blue lines mark the entrances of retail traders. Few of the retail traders entered before this strong upward movement, but the most took a long position in the area of Point C. They placed their stops at stop 1. After the course ran from point D to point E, most stops were placed at point stop 2. As the price went higher, some traders shifted their stop 1 to stop 2. We can now clearly see, that the big players triggered exactly these stops and then pushed the price up.

Why did the big players push the course down from Point E? There are two reasons for this. First and foremost, big players need volume to absorb with their limit orders. They knew exactly that there were many stops by retail traders at Stop 2. By now pushing the price down, you could make cheap purchases at stop 1 and stop 2. At the same time, you pushed the long traders out of the market. This means that the big players are primarily focused on the stops of retail traders, because at this point they always find a high volume that they can take up with their limit orders.

Now we come back to our question: Are the big players our biggest competitors? I would answer this question with a clear no at first, because the big players help us to push the course up or down and at the same time are responsible for the fact that we have any chance of winning. In my eyes, the mass of retail traders is a much bigger competitor for us. In many forums, retail traders gather against the big players. The bad big player is responsible for retail traders always losing. So you have to join forces because together you are strong and have a chance against the big players.

But the opposite is the case. Precisely because the retail traders exchange ideas so strongly and even recommend concrete entrances and exits, many beginners are motivated to follow this information. Typical tenets such as: “Always stop below the last low” create more frustration than benefit. This false information creates a herd instinct that makes it easy for the big player to stop some 1000 traders in one fell swoop. In this case, out of 1,000 white sheep, it would be better to actually be the only black sheep. But you have to be ready to do the opposite of the crowd. Many traders sit in front of their screens and first look at what other traders are predicting about a particular currency pair. Let us assume that the beginner expects a downward movement. Now there are 20 retail traders who also expect a downward movement, then the beginner will feel confirmed and will look for short positions. If 20 retail traders anticipate an upward move, the beginner will be unsure and will likely not enter the downward move. Just get a picture for yourself and see whats happens if a price goes up sharply. You will find that in this case, most retail traders have taken short positions. This means that most retail traders' statements about a possible price trend are incorrect. If we do know that, I wonder why we still look at what opinions many retail traders have about a particular currency pair.

There are even more extreme examples, some look for certain retail traders and see how often their predictions have actually come true. If this rate is high, they will orientate themselve according to their statements in the future. Then they could also do copy trading.

Over 90% of statements made by retail traders are factually wrong, so I strongly recommend that you rely solely on yourself. The only way to win in this market is to understand exactly how big players work. The big players are the only power that can significantly influence these markets. Of course, institutional traders also have the opportunity to move markets, but we must never forget that 85% of the Forex market will be controlled by twelve banks. For this very reason, the focus must be exclusively on the big players. If you want to be successful in this market, you should take a closer look at Stophunting. The prices basically always zigzag up and down because the big players regularly need liquidity to push a price up or down. For this reason the Stophunting takes place permanently.

Of course, a competitor is someone who can do something better than yourself. From this point of view, a big player could be described as a bigger competitor than the retail trader. But it is absolutely not wise to team up with retail traders who lose in 90% of the cases. It would be wiser to team up with a big player, but it will rarely succeed. Therefore, in the end there is only the possibility to find out what a big player does differently than the majority of retail traders. If you want to analyze your competition, you first have to put yourself in your situation and see the world through your eyes. In this blog you will find a lot of information about different approaches of the big players and how to identify them using stock market data.

Through constant comparisons of competitive situations, people find their social position and orient themselves in their environment. We retail traders always want to understand and classify everything and the same applies to our own role. Through competition, we learn to understand where we stand and how others differ in a positive or negative way. This is sometimes very tiring and strains our nerves, but competition is useful and sometimes even necessary. If we manage to see each other's advantage as an opportunity, we will be able to change ourselves. Then the idea of competition can provide us with a motivation boost. However, if we do not take a critical look at ourselves at the same time, there may well be competition. And in this fight there are usually two losers. However, we did not start in this market for to lose, we want to win. To win, we have to use the best as role models. And the best trainers in the world are the twelve banks that control 85% of the Forex market. For me, the big players are not competitors, but the best coaches in the world. However, you do not have the peculiarity of explaining to us how you act and proceed. We have to find that out ourselves with great effort. But one thing is certain: once you understand the strategy of the big players, you will be successful in this market and could live very well from it in the next few years. So my recommendation to you, focus only on the big players.

In my last post, I described with concrete figures how such an approach can pay off. Maybe that will help change future priorities.

First results as a liquidity trader

I will of course continue this experiment and inform you about it regularly.

I wish you a nice Sunday and a successful trading week

best regards

Michael

--- 帖子 #1378 ---
Iceberg orders of the big players

Hello dear subscribers,

I have been working intensively on tick charts and stock market data for a long time now. As I have already written in many reports, the entry and exit of the big players primarily takes place via limit orders. First, in a range ask or bid will collected, in the form of cumulative limit orders. Accumulated limit orders will also be used for the exit. These cumulative limit orders are called iceberg orders because they barely be identified in the market.

Of course, the big players also use the market orders to keep the price within a range during their collection campaigns. Market orders are also required to start stops or initiate a breakout. These market orders are accumulated through algorithms in the market to hide the real intentions. A 300 lot order is divided into small orders that are placed on the market within a 1/1000 second. The cumulative market orders are relatively easy to identify and display in the chart.

A completely new market view

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here we see cumulative market orders that I have filtered according to a certain system in order to be able to display them. The cumulative market orders include both the big players and the institutional traders. We can assume with a high probability that the retail traders are not included in these market orders. In the next step I will try to distinguish the big players from the institutional traders in the area of the cumulative market orders. These market orders that we see here are used to keep the price within a range, for stophunting, as well as for the start of the breakouts. I created the representation in a volume overview.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The same overview in a delta display. The advantage of this view is that ask and bid have been resolve to create a delta. This removes the price regions that are not relevant and gives a more precise overview of where the cumulative market orders were used.

Big players get in and out almost only with iceberg orders

How does an iceberg order come about? First, a big player pushes the course into a price region where as many stops as possible are suspected. There, limit orders prepared by the algorithms are already waiting for absorption. In the DOM there are initially no abnormalities, you can see an average of 80 lot limit orders at each price level. The price reaches the first stops that come into the market as market orders and are absorbed by the limit orders of the big player. Interestingly, 200 lots are now absorbed at one price level, although only 80 lot limit orders were visible in the DOM. The process is relatively simple, the algorithms ensure that new limit orders are always added at a price level in order to intercept the triggered stops. Now there is a chain reaction, the stops push the price further and thus trigger further stops, which are also absorbed by the iceberg orders, which are waiting at different price levels. The big player has to make sure that the absorption does not stop at the price and thus stops the chain reaction. However, this can often not be avoided, in which case further market orders from the big player must be placed in order to start the chain reaction again.

In principle, you could easily identify the iceberg orders with good software. To do this, you have to compare the visible number of limit orders with the actual number of cumulative market orders. If there were 80 lot limit orders on one price level but 300 lot cumulative market orders were absorbed, it is an iceberg order. A trader only sees the 80 lot limit orders, but not that in this case the lot has been replenished by the algorithms. For this reason, iceberg orders are difficult to identify. But that is crucial, because after all you can see what the big players are up to in the medium term. Even if you can identify iceberg orders with spoofing in the DOM, the trader lacks an overview of exactly where it took place in the chart. Another crucial point is the fact that iceberg orders are constantly entering the market. It is therefore crucial to display these iceberg orders in the chart to create derivatives from it.

So we know: The iceberg orders are primarily used for the entry and exit of big players. In order to make the iceberg orders visible in the chart, I initially concentrated on a certain number of cumulative market orders. These cumulative market orders come into the market exclusively through triggered stops and are simultaneously taken up by the limit orders. With this strategy, I managed to make iceberg orders visible in a chart for the first time.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here I tried to show the iceberg orders in a volume chart. Of course, a volume chart is not optimal, since ask and bid are displayed together. But the main thing here is to find out in which areas the iceberg orders come into the market. It should be noted that the iceberg orders are usually generated in a high volume. And that is also logical, because when stops are triggered, it is usually a high volume. Red zones within a bull candle and green zones within a bear candle often show an exit from the position. At the same time, you can also display the collection of counterpositions to initiate a turnaround. In this picture you can see that very nicely.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I get a much better overview with a delta chart, where I have also made the iceberg orders visible. With this representation, I first filter out the unimportant deltas that are not relevant for the entry or exit of a big player. Although I don't recognize the volume with it, as we have already determined, most iceberg orders are generated in a high volume range anyway. This means that I have filtered out the information that is most important to me at a glance. The next step will be to determine the exact entries and exits of the big players. It will certainly not be easy, but it is possible.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here we see the display of all limit orders in the delta during the same period. Now we will compare the total limit orders with the iceberg orders.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The limit orders total are on the left, the filtered iceberg orders are on the right.

Point A

When the price rose sharply, we can already see that the big players have started to get out of the position and at the same time collect bids to push the price down again.

Point B and C

Here we see a clear willingness to push the price down sharply.

Point D

Here too, there is clear confirmation that the price will continue to move lower.

Point E

This is a peculiarity, because the big players have made themselves available liquidity in the area. Then the course was pushed down.

Point F

First the big player got out of his short position and bought a lot of limit buy orders. These strong buy limit orders cannot be seen in the limit delta Total. After that, the price was pushed up and the big player was able to close his still open long position, where he made himself available liquidity.

We recognize that the only way to predict future price trends with a high degree of probability is to be found only in the area of iceberg orders. First of all, I filtered the iceberg orders exclusively from price levels that absorbed a certain number of cumulative market orders. In the future it will be a matter of optimizing the filter settings in order to achieve a better display. This will enable us to obtain a unique market overview in the future. At the same time, we will take a closer look at the heat map to improve the filter settings there in the future. Since the big players increasingly work with their own liquidity in order to initiate trend reversals more quickly, this presentation is an essential factor for the identification of limit orders.

In my last posts I showed you that I concentrate exclusively on the limit order. Oddly enough, the market orders move the market, but the limit orders determine where the market is going in the long term. For this reason, I can only recommend everyone to refrain from volume trading and to develop into a liquidity trader. The way there is a bit more complex, but the results are also much more efficient.

I hope that I could give you a little insight into liquidity trading, which we will continue to deal with in the future.

I wish you a successful trading day

best regards

Michael

--- 帖子 #1379 ---
Thank you, always interesting.

Point E is a problem how could we avoid it ?

--- 帖子 #1380 ---
Big players own liquidity

Hello rosalieone,

Thank you for your kind compliment, I am most pleased that the information helps you and you work with it. I would like to answer your question.

First of all, we cannot prevent the big players from providing themselves with liquidity in order to save time for tedious collecting in the equilibrium. As it looks, this approach has become established among the big players and we will often have to deal with it in the future. It is crucial how you identify this strategy and what measures you derive from it.

In the example presented under point E, a big player has absorbed a large number of sell market orders simultaneously with his buy limit orders. Then he pushed the price down and sold his sell position (exit from the dollar). At the same time, he started collecting buy limit orders on the low and has now pushed the price up. Then he got out of his Europosition and closed the Europosition he acquired at Point E. The reason the big player provided himself with liquidity was that he was unable to buy enough dollars from Point E. To clearly identify this procedure, you need a heatmap.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here is an example in a heat map. At point A, the big player absorbs his own buy market orders with his own sell limit orders and then pushes the price down. He now has two options. He tries to get out of his euro position with a little loss in the equilibrium and then pushes the price down. Or he not leaves the euro position, pushes the price down, gets out of the dollar and pushes the position back up to close it. The risk here is no greater than if he had laboriously collected positions in the equilibrium.

I wrote a few articles about this.

Own liquidity for the big players

On February 19, shortly before the price in the EURUSD went up 700 pip again, I consciously noticed this. Usually the big players wanted to close the open gap there, they had already collected strong sell limits, but found that too many traders were short. They initially sold their short positions to retail traders and at the same time secured themselves liquidity in order to push the price higher. Since then, I've been observing with other traders, this procedure. First of all, it was an experiment for the big players that absolutely paid off in the end result. Since then, we have seen increased campaigns where the big players make their own liquidity available. For us this is always an excellent start with an absolute guarantee of profit. In my opinion, this approach is already an integral part of the big player strategy. The advantage is still on the side of the big players, since very few know about it. Actually, there would be much better strategies for the big players, I don’t understand why they’re not more creative.

I recommend that you take a closer look at this “own liquidity” approach. The frequency of the strategy is new and very few suspect what exactly is going on. For those who identify this strategy, it means a quick and safe win.

I hope that I could help you.

best regards

Michael

--- 帖子 #1381 ---
The current market situation

Hello dear subscribers,

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In the last 4 trading days, the daily range in EURUSD has declined somewhat and volatility has subsided somewhat.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Apparently the Dax and Dow are also uphill again. It is normal for financial markets to run up again and again for a few days in the course of a crash, because many traders and investors sense the opportunity to buy shares of established companies at low prices. The hope is that they will be the first to benefit from an economic recovery. Dead cat bounce, say the US stock marketers, when the market recovers in the short term after a long phase of falling prices. Most of the time it goes down, after this short high. The term comes from the English saying: Even a dead cat will bounce if it is dropped from high enough!

Almost a week ago I published a diagram about the current situation in the Corona crisis. Now let's take a look at what changed 1 week later.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

We are now close to 440,000 infected people and the death rate has risen to 4.5%. This rate is between 0.5 -9.9%. Over 25% have already been cured and have produced antibodies. That gives a little hope.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The number of infected people has almost doubled in the last 7 days. Every day, almost 30,000 people are newly infected worldwide. One person dies every minute from the Corona Virus, but at the same time there are a large number of recovered patients in the individual countries.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Point A

In Germany we have one of the best health systems in the world. Germany was laughed at for many years because we had so many hospitals. With 28,000 intensive care beds, there are 34 ventilation places per 100,000 inhabitants, in many European countries the number is 3-5. However, we also pay very high health insurance contributions for this. The capacity of the intensive care units is to be increased again by 10,000 within the next 12 months. This shows what the German state expects in the future in the area of the corona crisis. Although we are on the brink of an outbreak, Germany has taken Corona patients from Italy and France. This shows how important it is to help each other. If the crisis worsened, the whole world would have to make their free intensive care beds available to everyone. I'm curious to see how people will behave in this crisis.

Point B

On March 10, 2020, a large German newspaper, in collaboration with some virologists, made an extreme projection, which many laughed at. On March 10th we had 1218 infected and for the 24.03.2020 a four-fold increase to 4,872 infected persons was forecast. The actual number was on March 24th. in 31,370 infected people. Although I believe that the number of unreported cases is significantly higher. The value from 07.04.2020 we can no longer reach because we already have more than 36,000 infected.

Aid from central banks and governments has helped in the short term to prevent panic from the collapse of the economy and capital markets. The US Congress has agreed to put together a $ 2 trillion stimulus package, which the stock exchange has benevolently registered. Of course, this could not prevent production in almost all branches of the world from coming to a standstill. Such a situation is only known from times of war.

Everyone wishes that we could start all activities again after Easter. But that seems to remain an unfulfillable wish. The World Financial Center New York City is extremely badly affected, with almost 16,000 people infected. The situation in the city will not improve in the next few days and that will also leave its mark on the New York Stock Exchange, which is the model for many stock exchanges around the world.

I believe that the current situation is just the calm before the storm. The fact that everything is calm at the moment is only because the tornado is just above us. In my eyes, it is still too early to give the all-clear and return to normal. Some virologists believe that the total population of the earth must be 60-70 percent infected so that enough antibodies can be formed to defeat the virus. We currently have house arrest in Europe to curb the spread, but as long as there is no vaccine or medication, the virus will spread sooner or later. Many people will still die, many companies will go bankrupt, but this may bring the world closer together.

I am convinced that we will defeat the virus, but until then the world will stand still. I just hope that in the end we'll learn our lessons and change some things that will benefit the world and future generations.

Lovely wishes

Michael

--- 帖子 #1382 ---
m15 in block 0.9

marked blocks are big players for me

players were very active today

--- 帖子 #1383 ---
Big players

Hello kette,

I see that you also work with professional stock market data that you have translated by good software. In addition, you program your own indicators that advance you. Absolutely great.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here's another illustration from yesterday. The limit orders were represented as delta and refer to a filtered representation of the iceberg orders. Yesterday there was again an increase in the volume of “own liquidity”. The crucial thing about displaying any chart is that the trader gets a trading advantage from it. And your approach definitely fulfills this requirement.

Focusing on the big players is a logical approach, as they influence and manipulate the market in their favor. Those who follow this approach will generate more trading advantages than other market participants.

Lovely wishes
Michael

--- 帖子 #1384 ---
The money robot

Hello dear subscribers,

An interesting film documentation about algorithms in exchange trading was published 2 days ago by ARTE.

Time is money: In automated stock exchange trading, those who have the fastest data network do the best business. It goes around a millionth of a second. Computers trade in computers, only committed to their algorithms. People have long since got out and left the field to the far more efficient money robots. An uncontrollable financial market has emerged in which bets are placed on crises and investments are no longer a real factor. It all started in the gaming paradise of Las Vegas, where young physicists in the mid-1970s tried to outwit the bank with probability calculations. Their algorithms turned roulette and blackjack into predictable operations - and were successfully transferred to the financial market. Automated exchange trading is now a multi-billion dollar business. It is no longer the investment itself that leads to profit, but the multiple purchase and resale. Tiny margins result in huge profits from large order volumes - but also almost unimaginable losses. When prices plummeted worldwide in February 2018, no one had an explanation for it: within a few minutes, billions of dollars were lost. There was almost a new global economic crisis. Experts now agree that it was money robots that caused the collapse of exchange trading.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

French, Americans and Germans have their say in the report, which were then translated into German by a spokesman. In YouTube, however, you have the advantage that you can display subtitles in your language under Settings.

First of all I ask you to look at this documentation of 90 minutes in the next few days. It will open your eyes a bit, what is happening in the markets and why most traders are losing. The report is also easy to understand for laypersons who have not yet dealt with algorithms. It describes very clearly the power of big players and high-frequency traders and why even stock market regulators cannot do anything about it.

If you have seen this report, at first glance you will believe that you cannot defend yourself against this procedure and that every smaller retail trader is absolutely without chance. But that is a mistake. It is possible to come up against these algorithms because these algorithms always work on the same principle, since they are executed by machines. Of course, with an RSI, MACD and moving average, you can't get against these algorithms, but you can identify them with appropriate software and make them visible. If you follow my blog and are interested in this information, I will give you concrete information in our new project No. 11: “Algorithms of the Big Players”, to beat these algorithms with a high probability.

Therefore, first watch this video because it gives you a basic understanding of how big players and high-frequency traders work. In the next few days we will then start our new project and go into detail about the different options.

Here is the documentation: The money robot

Inserted Video

I look forward to another great collaboration with you, thank you all for the contributions and questions you have made so far, and I am sure that we will take another step forward in the coming months.

Lovely wishes

Michael

--- 帖子 #1385 ---
Can't watch it in the UK.

--- 帖子 #1386 ---
Youtube videos

Hello lemercenaire,

Due to the GEMA agreement, YouTube videos may still be blocked. Under certain circumstances, this blockade can be removed. Take a look on the Internet at: "Youtube countries lock", there you will find some information. Just make sure that this is also legally permissible, because violations of this kind can cause considerable costs. This may also have something to do with Brexit.

I hope that I could help you

Lovely wishes

Michael

--- 帖子 #1387 ---
Could use a VPN but yeah, thanks. Don't think it has much of anything to do with Brexit.

--- 帖子 #1388 ---
Hi Michael

I am really happy to be part even a little of your blog how important and useful information you translate in such easy and understandable way for beginners and advanced traders.

I am really focus in developing and go deeper into coding skills, I am currently learning and studying a lot, several programs languages and I am so happy and amazing with all that, I love study and learn new things and go deeper to master such skills.

Really and deep congratulations to you and yours efforts to share and make it easy as it is possible to all here understand.

I am a big admirer of your work, all my deeply respect to you my friend.

Cheers

DC

--- 帖子 #1389 ---
On the trail of the algorithms

[quote=Dcrs;12838754]{quote} Hi Michael I am really happy to be part even a little of your blog how important and useful information you translate in such easy and understandable way for beginners and advanced traders.

Hello Dcrs,

I am also a small part of these blogs, because success always consists of many small individual parts that add up to something big. To be successful, you have to make sure that you keep it. By listening you keep 20%, by seeing 30%, by hearing and seeing 50%, by retelling or explaining 70% and the highest rate of 90% can only be achieved if you do it yourself.

When I completed my Oracle Java Master within 2,000 hours over a year ago, this concentration on it took a lot of time. It is a special art to do many things at the same time. This is comparable to a plate spinner, that turns 10 plates on 10 bars at the same time and makes sure that no plate falls off. I keep my fingers crossed for you that you can manage this challenge.

In any case, programming languages are a little help to better understand the quants and algorithms on the stock exchange. But we also have to be aware that it takes at least 10 years to be a professional in a certain area. And at the latest here you have to decide, programmers or traders. A combination of physicists, mathematicians, programmers and traders results in the optimal mix for developing complex financial instruments. In addition, they need a very complex technology,, that is directly connected to the foreign exchange with microwaves. These are all things that we retail traders can never achieve.

But if we act creatively, we don't need all of these things, because ultimately the decisive factor is how a result comes about. And we will only deal with these results and, at the same time, do without the previously complex activities to achieve this particular result. Any algorithm can be easily cracked once you have found a way to make it visible.

Therefore I would like to ask all subscribers once again to read through my last post and watch the video posted there. We will build on that.

The money robot

Thank you for admiring my work, I think it is much more important that you succeed in identifying the algorithms of the big players and that your chance of winning increases drastically. We are really lucky that the big players are sometimes so amateurish that some traders can see exactly what they are up to.
However, this has only been possible thanks to the new technology. We will talk about this in more detail in the next few weeks.

I wish you a successful trading week

best regards

Michael

--- 帖子 #1390 ---
Tks Michael for your view and kind words.

About the video I tried to see was not able in my country have do manage it, but it is not a problem.

I perfect understand your view about many, tasks at the same time and etc...

Fortunately the technology/security/coding etc...

Is kind of the family blood, since I am the youngest chield with more then 34y old, I still remember my big brother when he started into those areas before I was even 5y old.

He is more then graduate in several areas and has so much knowledge in so many areas like it is hard so see often.

I take this as advantage for me and for have a lot a bases for it.

About financial markets I am at my 8 year.

I will look into the video and come back if I'll be abe to give some help.

Cheers thanks again Michael

--- 帖子 #1391 ---
Big player algorithms

Hello dear traders,

In the next few weeks, we want to use our new project 11 to identify the algorithms of the big players in order to generate trading advantages. If you are interested in this project, please start by watching the video I have posted. This gives you some basic information that is important for our project.

The money robot

I have been dealing with these algorithms for some time and a few weeks ago I created a project screen for our upcoming project to identify these algorithms. First of all I would like to introduce you to the individual modules. Then you could see this project screen in action in a video.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Point A

We see a heat map here. The green and red lines are limit orders, which were filtered differently in a seconds chart depending on the size. These limit orders are initially placed by the big players in different sizes using algorithms in a waiting position in the DOM in order to absorb the market orders depending on the market situation. As soon as retail traders trigger stops in the market, this creates cumulative market orders that are absorbed by the limit orders of the big players. The algorithms ensure that initially only a certain number of limit orders are in the waiting position in the DOM and that new limit orders are always added if necessary. These are the so-called iceberg orders, the size of which is very difficult to determine. The green and red circles are cumulative market orders and show, on the one hand, the triggered stops and, on the other hand, the situation when a big player uses market orders to push the market in his direction. This makes it possible to determine immediately if a big player is making liquidity available to take up his market orders placed on the market, simultaneously with his own limit orders.

This situation has been very common since February 19. Usually this happens when there is little liquidity in the market, on Friday I identified 21 situations where big players made their own liquidity available. On the left side you can see my limit delta of the day, on the right side the current limit orders in the waiting position in the DOM. The green and red lines below measure the speed of purchases and sales within the candle, divided by bid and ask. This information is another decisive factor that we will talk about in the next few weeks. A large number of algorithms were already used in this presentation to identify the limit orders and market orders. The different calculations in the software require an enormous amount of memory, in very volatile phases only the program for calculating the algorithms occupies up to 16 GB of ram memory. An MT4, on the other hand, only requires about 50 MB of RAM.

Point B

A filtered footprint chart that hides a predetermined number of imbalances. The buy limit orders are on the left, the sell limit orders are on the right. The blue fields represent a certain number of limit orders that came into the market. This means that the display focuses on the limit orders that are price-sensitive. On the right is the DOM and below it the speed of the candle, divided into bid and ask in the 30 second chart. Below that we see the delta of market orders.

Point C

Here we see the sell market orders that have been filtered in a specific sequence. On the left we see the labeling for a possible pushing of the price by the big players and next to it we only see cumulative sell market orders. The colored segments show the impact of the big players through stophunting or by pushing the price down. The individual market orders are also displayed in different tones. Since a lot of tones come in during volatile phases, you have to make sure that these tones can also be displayed in the millisecond range. For this you need certain frequencies that can be distinguished in a quick succession and that have a short call duration. This is a kind of third dimension in trading, which is an invaluable advantage for me because I can perceive the incoming, different market orders acoustically. This has significantly improved my response time again.

Point D

Here we see the buy market orders that have been filtered in a specific sequence. On the right we see the marking for a possible push of the price on the part of the big players and next to it we only see cumulative buy market orders. The colored segments show the impact of the big players through stophunting or by pushing the price upwards. In my other charts, there is a precise definition of different market and limit orders, which also show the exact number of the respective lot and the time in milliseconds.

Point E

This is a special market profile. Only a certain number of cumulative sell and buy market orders are calculated, which should identify the price pushing of a big player. The individual market orders of retail traders are not recorded because this would make it difficult to identify the big players. The interaction of the limit order in the DOM with the cumulative market orders is very interesting.

Point F

Here I have inserted a chart from the Forex market in the M1 for an overview. The spread display of bid and ask is important. As a candle, I use the Bionic candle that I developed, which gives me faster information than all conventional candle shapes. You can find information and indicators on the Bionic candle in the complete project no.2 within my blog. The project starts here:

Project number two

Point G

A special algorithm works in the 1 Range X Chart. First of all I colored the respective candle strength with different accumulated market orders. Different factors such as speed, volatility, pullbacks and the time calculate a possible turning point which, if it appears, is not deleted. However, this is only a rough guide, which also tells me about acoustically when it comes to such a reversal point.

Point H

Here we see the "open interest", which are all open long positions in the market that are not calculated according to size of lot but according to transactions. Since the big players work almost exclusively with cumulative market orders anyway, this presentation is very interesting. Possible stops that are triggered often distort the optimal display, but as a rough guide this is a real help. However, the information is only available from the Russian market, since it is unfortunately not available from the American stock exchange.

Point I

The cumulative delta is a very interesting representation because it shows bid and ask cumulatively over a day. Triggered stops can be identified immediately and there are amazing resistance zones in the cumulative delta that work very well. Below we see the individually resolved delta. The combination of open interest with the cumulative delta is an excellent way to grasp the current market situation very quickly.

Point J

Here is a special speed analysis of a candle in a 1 second chart. Again, the movements between bid and ask within a candle are differentiated from each other. This shows very quickly how the retail traders are positioned and how the big players react to them.

Point K

In addition to the total volume, the delta of the sell limit orders and the delta of the buy limit orders were shown graphically in a limit profile. In my latest charts, I filtered this delta to show the iceberg orders. This will hide all irrelevant limit orders and you can concentrate on the decisive limit orders. On the right we see the limit orders in the DOM again and on the left the delta of the limit orders from the day.

First of all, this is just a small part of our new project to identify the possible algorithms of the big players. First I created a video for you so that you can see the different representations live on the stock exchange market. At this point the price was in an upward movement.

Inserted Video

At first glance, the chart seems absolutely confusing and opaque. But we have to keep in mind that this is raw stock market data that has been adjusted by software according to my needs. In the past few days, my algorithm experiment has had a win rate of over 80% and a maximum drawdown of 0.85%. The profit factor was 4. It is crucial that you can see exactly what is happening in the market from your chart views. And each trader has to make these settings individually. In addition, I still work with pure candle charts in the MT4 to get an overview in Stophunting. You will also receive specific information on this blog.

Our new project is about the identification of big player algorithms. There are many different ways to use algorithms, particularly interesting is the way big players use their algorithms in retail. We will talk about this in great detail next week. Algorithms can be described as a kind of Morse code that shoots trading orders into the market in a certain sequence. It should be clear that you first have to recognize these Morse codes. After that, it is possible to filter and translate the Morse code. In the end, this translation must be associated with a current market situation in order to generate market advantages. This is a big challenge at first, but identification is easier than you think. However, you need appropriate software and stock market data, which should not cost more than $ 50 a month depending on online research.

Important note:

I work with stock market data and a special prop software that I chose from countless hours of Internet research. I have already described these modules in detail, but I do not want to advertise them because I only earn my money by trading. The software and stock market data I selected only correspond to my personal needs and are definitely not the ultimate. Since I work with these modules, I can of course only refer to them. When I do that, I ask that you do not take it as advertising, and I also avoid giving the names of the companies permanently. I recommend everyone who wants to buy stock market data or a suitable software to get detailed information on the Internet first. Do not listen to stupid advertising and recommendations, form your own opinion and test free of charge, different options. The data has to help you, so you have to invest a lot of time to find the best. And in the end, the best thing is always what you have the most success with. This is comparable to looking for a car, cell phone, a telephone tariff or a good electricity provider. To find the best price-performance ratio, you first have to invest a lot of time. If you buy too cheap or if you listen to wrong recommendations, you end up buying twice. One point, however, should be kept in mind: You trade hard-saved money and lose it over the years. If you want to be successful in the trader profession, you should invest in the right place. This can be in hardware, software, internet, but also in the area of health and nutrition. You have it in your own hands.

I wish you a great weekend

best regards

Michael

--- 帖子 #1392 ---
Experiment limit orders and algorithms

Hello dear subscribers,

on May 21st I published my first result in the experiment as a liquidity trader.

First results as a liquidity trader

At first the numbers looked very promising, I expected the values to deteriorate significantly in the future. My statement:

The result is initially positive, but should not be overestimated as it could also be a coincidence. At the same time, this result is also confirmation that the experiment will be pursued further. The more data is collected, the more precise a statement will be about my approach.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

So I continued this experiment for 3 more days and made further trades based on the liquidity and the identification of algorithms. I worked with the screen I created for it, which provided me with the necessary information. I have this screen in preparation for our new project: "The Algorithms of Big Players", described in my last post:

Big player algorithms

My goal was to do 20 trades a day, in the first experiment I only had 18 trades. In another 3 days I came to a total of 85 trades, whereby the quotas, as I had already suspected, deteriorated somewhat. Let us first take a closer look at the overall result of these 4 days.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

First I continued where I left off and forgot to set a stop loss at Point A. Within a few seconds there was an extreme breakout that took me € 120 deep. I managed to close the trade manually and was annoyed with my stupidity. With my normal stop loss the breakout would have been costs € 20, we see how important a stop can be for scalpers. Usually my software automatically set a stop loss when I start with the trade, I probably had accidentally deactivated the function. At first this loss ruined my quotas a bit, but I was confident that this experiment could still be successful. What annoys me most is when the average losses are higher than the average profits, that's a crucial point for a scalper. Let's look at the evaluation of these 85 trades.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Point A

Overall, I made 85 trades in 4 days. I lost 15 trades and won 70 trades. This is initially a win ratio of over 82%. But that doesn't say much at first.

Point B

Overall, I won € 1,594 and lost € 393, net remained € 1,200. In this case the profit ratio was over 75%.

Point C

I paid my broker a spread of € 418 for these 85 trades, they I also had to won, because I don't have to pay a commission. The spread was a bit higher than usual, normally I usually pay € 320. That would have increased my profit again. The profit factor was 4.05 because I won € 1594 and lost € 393 at the same time. One can still be very satisfied with this value.

Point D

The drawdown increased to 0.85% due to my high loss trade, but was still within the framework. Still, smaller drawdowns are preferred. The expected payoff was € 14.13 per trade, there is still significant upside potential.

Point E

What I was particularly pleased about is the fact that I won more long trades than short trades again, since I was much more successful with short trades in the past. Maybe also because the short trades run about 30-40% faster than the long trades.

Point F

Overall, I spent 2481 seconds in the market with the 85 trades, which is an average of 29 seconds per trade. Out of 36 hours, I only used 1.89% of the time to trade in the market. That means there is still enough potential for interesting trade entries.

Point G

The net profit was 1200 € which was achieved in 41 minutes, that is a profit of 29.28 € per minute and a good hourly wage.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Since I usually always work with a stop, I have now calculated what it would have looked like if the stop had been in the market. That would have led to a significant improvement in the quotas. In this case, the average losses would have been offset by the average profits. However, the goal should be that the losses are smaller on average than the profits. By reducing the stop to 1.5 pip, the risk-reward ratio should be at least 1: 1. Usually my risk-reward ratio is also higher, but then the profit ratio is reduced at the same time.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here we see the last two days, the win rate was over 80% and the average winning trades were larger than the losing trades. Here I extended my stop once because I thought I could see from the algorithms that the course was going back. Typical human failure, in the principle of hope. That once again cost me quotas. Nevertheless, the profit factor was 5 and the drawdown was 0.22%. No matter which side you look at it from, there are clear weaknesses that I have to work on. But it is crucial that I know exactly what weaknesses I have and how I can fix them. The problem with many traders is that there is no one who tells them what they need to change. How should a trader change something if he doesn't know what needs to be changed? Everyone can easily carry out this evaluation themselves in the MT4, of course you can also use online providers for this, but I reject this for data protection reasons.

Here is a link from mql5.com, where you can get all the information for free, how you can read your data yourself and what the individual odds mean.

Advanced Analysis of a Trading Account

https://www.mql5.com/en/articles/1383

On this side, you can also change the language!

You should definitely deal with these data, numbers and facts, because this evaluation shows you the truth every day. With the Expected Payoff you can extrapolate future earnings. When you reach an expected payoff of $ 14, you know that after 20 trades a day, you made $ 280. After deducting taxes, $ 200 net remains. With 20 trading days, that's $ 4,000 in net income.

In addition, I recommend that you use 2 accounts with your broker. I have an MT5 account where I can park my funds and transfer them to my MT4 account within seconds if necessary. If a kind of franc shock occurs in EURUSD during these times, as a professional trader with a leverage of 1: 400, I am only liable with my account deposit and cannot suffer any losses beyond that. So if I only trade with 10 lots, I can park my unnecessary money in the MT5 and thus secure my remaining trading account.

Conclusion:

A high win rate is initially no guarantee of winnings, the overall evaluation is always decisive. Overall, the result is positive, but with the identification of the algorithms I will be able to run the trades longer. With this strategy it is possible to identify the decisive smaller breakouts even faster and at the same time to recognize the stop zones of the retail traders with the key candle. Then you have a possible goal up to which the big players push the price. You can then let the trade run longer. Starting a Stophunting is also an interesting movement that is quick and effective. Returns are very rare here and you can act with small stops. My goal is to increase the expected payoff in a healthy ratio while maintaining the same risk. My current risk is 0.1% per trade and could be increased to 1.5% with 20 lots. The drawdown should also be in a healthy area.

This results in different strategies, which I will try out this year. The goal is to develop a strategy that enables an optimal risk-reward ratio. It is nice to win 8 out of 10 trades, but if I drastically increase the expected payoff with a 60% chance of winning without worsening my risk, I will take this path. However, this will depend on which new strategies result from the identification of the algorithms. A decisive factor for me is the net profit per minute in relation to the profit factor, the higher this value, the shorter I am in the market. The shorter I am in the market, the more opportunities there are for further trades. The algorithms are therefore a good tool for executing high-profit trades in very short-term sequences. With this information, I am able to clearly predict the future for a few seconds. So far it was 30 seconds that I correctly predicted in over 80% of the cases.

As soon as the optimal strategy and setup have been found, it is all about concrete entry and exit criteria. The number of lots can then be increased according to the risk structure. So there is an exciting time ahead of us, I believe that the identification of the algorithms is the right way to take a little profit from the big players. As long as only a few manage to do this, the big players will not notice anything and will stick to their strategies, some of which are easy to understand. A very high probability of winning can currently be achieved if the big players provide themselves with liquidity. I hope that the big players will push this strategy even further. Algorithms have a decisive advantage, they are not reprogrammed every day, so they are a reliable indicator for those who have decrypted them. The big players will only change their algorithms if their winnings change drastically. I'm looking forward to our new project: Big Player Algorithms.

I wish you a nice Sunday

best regards

Michael

--- 帖子 #1393 ---
Hallo Michael.thanks for your great work.tell us about your equipment-CPU,RAM...

--- 帖子 #1394 ---
Workstation equipment

Hello hefer,

First of all, thank you for your kind compliment. I work with 2 Dell workstations, each with a processing speed of an Intel Core i9-9900K. Ram is 64 GB and two Samsung SSDs also ensure fast data conversion. One Dell workstation operates 5 screens, which I use special software that filters stock market data according to my specifications, the second workstation operates 3 screens with the data from the Forex market. I use additional a ventilation on my CPU to keep the heat below 60 degrees at full load. As graphics cards I use Nvidia GeForce to support the up to 55 inch 4K screens. Internet access runs over a fast fiber optic cable to reduce ping times. However, you don't need such equipment at the beginning, a PC with two or three screens is sufficient. Since I use my setup to decode highly complex algorithms, to program, write on my blog and also use the Internet, I need a little more screen space. However, this is only recommended if you can afford this purchase from your profits. 8 screens can confuse a beginner more than helping him. I only get information on my screens about a single currency pair, the EURUSD in the Forex and Future markets. The advantage is only in the area of time, because I can display all decisive chart views without having to switch constantly. It is a luxury that is not absolutely necessary, but the different information has often saved me from extreme losses. Since I sit in front of these screens for 10-12 hours a day, I also want to feel comfortable in my workplace. And that is a crucial point for me to be successful as a trader.

I wish you a nice weekend

best regards

Michael

--- 帖子 #1395 ---
Big player algorithms

Hello dear subscribers,

Tomorrow we will start with our 11th project: The Big Player Algorithms. At first glance, the topic appears to be very complicated and opaque. The opposite is true, however, as 100% of the time most big players only use algorithms to 11%. First and foremost to hide the number of their orders. The big player has only two options in the market, he can move the market in his direction with market orders or he can stop the market with his limit orders. In both cases, standardized algorithms are used that are relatively easy to identify. The algorithms are relatively complex to program, which is why they are not updated regularly. This gives us a certain level of security and consistency in the identification of the algorithms.

How can we benefit from the identification of big player algorithms?

First of all, we are able to differentiate whether the big players with their limit orders absorb the market orders in order to collect a certain number of ask or bid. Or whether they use market orders to push the market in their direction to bring their previously collected limit orders to profit. The algorithms also help us to find out whether they are buying dollars or selling the euro and whether they are selling the dollar or buying the euro. This is crucial information because a bearish candle is created when you buy the dollar or sell the euro.

When the dollar is bought, a bearish candle is often the starting point for further bearish candles. If the euro is sold, it means that the big player is getting out of its long position. At this moment, he hasn't had a chance to pick up the dollar yet, so you might be less likely to expect a stronger downward move, but would have to assume a sideways move first. However, this always depends on the different information that we receive from the stock market data. The stock market is all about information and the more correct information we have that fits into an overall picture, the higher our probability of winning. And that's exactly what our next project will be about.

I wish you a successful start to trading tomorrow.

best regards

Michael

--- 帖子 #1396 ---
Project 11 started
Big player algorithms

Hello dear subscribers,

we still remember earlier stock market times, when traders shouted at each other to announce their prices and a thousand pieces of paper were lying on the floor. The stock exchanges have gradually changed from an analogue world to a digital world. Everything happens today in large central computers. The amount of data that is produced is so huge that tracking certain activities can be compared to a spacecraft search in space. With the arrival of memory-intensive data centers, ever more complex programs could be developed, which brought an advantage in retail. The high-frequency traders began to use the speed of trading for their purposes in 2004. But you can't act faster than the light and so there are natural limits to the speed at some point. Theoretically, it is only possible to reach these limits with microwaves, but this technique requires a great deal of money. The proximity to the stock exchange is also a crucial point. The next decisive factor is the computing power of the high-performance computers used. Big players like to grab use processors that are not yet available on the market and that will be extremely overclocked and cooled. But the next generation is quantum computers, which are 1000 times faster than conventional data centers. IBM developed the first quantum computer that costs 650 million euros. For some big players, this shouldn't be an obstacle, considering that Goldman Sachs has returned to $ 50-60 million daily profits since they made themselves available liquidity in EURUSD.

In the video that I have provided you with some things are described how the manipulation on the stock exchange works.

The money robot

Not only  the high-frequency traders manipulate, but also the big players and the stock exchanges. Everyone wants the biggest piece of the cake. The manipulations described in the video are only the tip of the iceberg, we can assume that there are significantly more cases that cannot be uncovered at the moment because there is no technology for this. Exchange supervision is also overwhelmed because there are too few specialists on the “good side”. It is clear that a good lawyer will always earn more than a public prosecutor. A a quant from a high frequency trader, will earn 10 times more  than if he work for the stock exchange regulator. Money is not always the decisive factor, but unfortunately too often. At the latest now, a retail trader would have to realize that with a MACD, RSI or moving average, you only have one firework rocket in your hand while the big players are working with a space shuttle rocket. The outcome of this is shown by the loss figures of retail traders, which every broker must state on their website. (But these figures are also positively optimized by the broker).

The stock market is a billion dollar business, in the Forex market alone the big players win $ 400 million a day, in the calculation there are no stock exchanges included. There are simply too many conflicts of interest in this market that prevent this market from being fair and honest. A trader who is trading here should be aware of this. It is interesting to know that big players are given preferential treatment in limit orders and market orders. When a retail trader places a limit order, he has to queue, the one who queues first is served first. This is the nice theory that looks completely different in practice. If you trade a lot, you automatically ensure that the exchanges earn more spread, three times you can guess who is given preferential treatment. The big players founded dark pools to exclude the high-frequency traders from trading, but a few years later the high-frequency traders also were be able to trade in these dark pools because they achieved huge sales that generated high spreads for the operator. According to the motto: Everyone thinks of themselves, only I think of myself.

I do not want to scare the reader here or show that it is impossible to win in the stock market. But whoever gets involved in the stock exchange world should know exactly who he is actually trading against. As a retail trader, we first trade against our broker, our broker acts against the bank and the stock exchange is on the side that generates the most turnover. The stock exchange supervisory authority watches and work together with the exchange. Because if the stock exchange supervisory authority destroyed the stock exchange, the stock exchange supervisory authority would no longer have a right to exist. Of course, every now and then a little culprit is arrested and released to the press, but the crucial culprits ensure the necessary turnover every day so that everyone can make a good living from it. You should never hit the hand that feeds you. This world is a shark tank, there are sharks (BigPlayer) that eat the small fish (Retail Trader). And there are the cleaner fish (3-5% of retail traders) that clean the teeth of the sharks after their meal. These cleaner fish are not eaten, but cleaning teeth also gives the cleaner fish their meal (profits).

We have now highlighted two important points, the speed of trading and the hardware with which the big players gain an advantage in the market. Now we come to the third and decisive point: the algorithms.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Algorithmic trading is an automated strategy that refers to the identification or execution of trades. It is not just about entering orders in trading, but the entire research and order process is considerably simplified by the algorithms.

On the slide, I first listed different variants for identifying algorithms. Of course, no trader would work with such a view, it is only meant to illustrate that there are many ways to get there. We'll be looking at different views over the next few weeks to find the most effective way to identify the algorithms.

In principle, algorithmic trading is a black box that contains different instructions as to when a trade is to be made or should be dissolved. A simple example of this are two moving moving averages in EURUSD. If the shorter moving average crosses the longer moving average from top to bottom, the dollar is bought and if the shorter moving average crosses the longer moving average from bottom to top the euro is bought. Most trading systems are far more complex, however, they follow a systematic, rules-based approach that is stored in a black box. The algorithm then monitors the market to see when all the necessary conditions have been met. The orders are then generated automatically and transmitted to the exchange. As soon as a trade is executed, the black box receives a message to update the position and order management tools.

Many traders also use algorithmic trading. Platforms such as MetaTrader enable traders with very little programming knowledge to easily set up automated systems. These are very popular in the foreign exchange market because they can run around the clock.

An EA can identify opportunities that match the terms of a particular strategy and execute trades much faster than a human trader without thinking. Opportunities that only exist for a fraction of a second are seized, and no trade is missed that meets the specified criteria. Algorithmic trading is less prone to human error. On the one hand, this applies to research, the identification of opportunities and the execution of trades. Although these EA's offer some advantages, one should also consider the disadvantages and risks.

Algorithmic trading systems cannot adapt to changing market conditions like human traders can. It is very difficult to find out in the short term whether these trading systems are still working profitably or have already passed their zenith. Large volatility phases and crashes are a great challenge for EA's, as this creates the risk of higher spreads or over night gaps. Systematic trading strategies do not develop indefinitely, since the competition also creates corresponding trading systems that work with similar patterns. The more you work according to a similar strategy, the sooner the advantage of a system is undermined. The lower the margins achieved within a trading system, the higher the chance that transaction costs can quickly eat up profits.

So far, there is no EA worldwide that has achieved consistent and secure profits over a longer period of time, within different market phases. If that worked, the big players would have chased all analysts and traders to hell and would only work with such EA's. What has kept me from working with EA's so far is the fact that EA's, needs indicators link together as a condition, to generate entries or exits. In my view, because indicators run after price, they are unsuitable for creating trading strategies. In addition, you should be aware that an EA only runs in the market of the respective broker and not actually on the stock exchange.

It looks very different in the real stock market, provided you refer to limit orders and market orders. These are not indicators, but rather crucial orders that actually move or stop the price. Algorithmic trading systems have a completely different meaning here.

If you create an algorithm and combine 10 different indicators as conditions, there could be problems in performance and the data information could be watered down. In the equity area, algorithmic trading systems can bring enormous advantages because they can directly take into account information from company balance sheets, data from news and social media platforms, company values, current growth, dividend yield and momentum. A human being is not able to do this at the same time.

There are different strategies in the area of rule-based algorithms: trend-following strategies, mean reversion strategies, arbitrage trading strategies, VWAP and TWAP algorithms, quantitative investment strategies, quantitative trading strategies and index strategies to name just a few. We are primarily interested only in the strategies of the big players, since they move 85% of the market in their direction. In contrast to the big players, the institutional traders work more with algorithmic trading systems, which, however, are less relevant for me, since they do not have great market power with a 10% market share.

First of all, it is interesting to know that 33% of fund managers, 25% of hedge funds and 11% of big players use algorithms. The big players are among the most successful traders in the world and only use algorithms to 11%, which should initially make us think. The answer is very simple: a fully automated trading system is inferior to the experience of the big players. But they use algorithms, much like we do when driving. We use ABS and EPS but we still drive ourselves and don't let the computer drive.

Let's take a closer look at the big player algorithms. There are three different types of algorithms that big players work with: information algorithms, analysis algorithms and trading algorithms. The information algorithms help the big players to read and analyze news feeds in order to obtain correspondingly faster information. The analysis algorithms run on special computers that scan the market and look for hidden orders and stops. Among other things, they work with the tricks already described that we know from high-frequency retailers: wash trades, quote stuffing, spoofing and sniping. The losses that arise are in principle only a small collateral damage. The information from these special computers runs into a main computer, which internally gives information about possible larger stop accumulations. After that, the big players decide whether it is worth taking these stops or not.

For trading, the big players use simple programs of the first and second generation that only break down large buy / sell orders into pieces in order to limit the effects of large orders on the market. The algorithms are primarily used to create the iceberg orders, since the big players are mainly in the limit orders area. An iceberg order is used in the limit area to absorb the volume of the triggered stops. The iceberg orders are limit orders, where further limit orders are gradually added. If a big player placed a large limit order in the market, many traders could see this and would assume that the price trend would change at this point. To disguise this, the fragmented iceberg order is used. For a few months now, further algorithms have been programmed that enable the big players to provide themselves with liquidity. In the process, a few 1000 Lot Buy Market Orders are placed in the market within seconds, which are simultaneously taken up by Sell Limit Orders.

The market is only registering a sharp increase in buy market orders at this moment and the majority of traders are positioning themselves long. However, the market is slowly moving upwards as the big player begins to sell his euro positions to the willing long traders. As soon as the big player is out of his euro position, there is only one 2000 Lot Sell Market Order left in the market. First he lets the market run up a little to take out the short traders, then he pushes the market down with cumulative sell market orders until he triggers the first stops of the long traders. Then a chain reaction begins, the stops of the long traders move the price lower and trigger further stops. Now many new market participants are starting to position themselves short. This is a good opportunity for the big player to push the market again up to get more liquidity. And then the same game repeats itself over and over again.

Conclusion:

Algorithmic trading has changed the financial markets, but the big players only work with algorithms in the most efficient areas to disguise their plans. Whoever concentrates on the volume has no chance of identifying this procedure. The big players use the algorithms sparingly and are therefore easier for us to identify. The most successful traders in the world still mostly trades manual, whereby they have trades controlled by algorithms. However, it clearly shows that fully automated trading systems are significantly inferior to the experience of analysts and traders of the big players. The big players use the latest technology in the form of ABS and EPS, but they still control the vehicle themselves and that will not change in the next few years. Good for us, because using larger algorithms would make our identification considerably more difficult. First of all, I recommend all traders to deal with stophunting again.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

We have to think of the big players' workplace as a large swimming pool that is 1 mile long. A tall player cannot fully dive this mile because he runs out of air in between. On the bottom of the large swimming pool there are small and large oxygen bottles on the right and left, which the big player tries to reach to take a breath and to continue swimming afterwards. So he dives the 1 mile in the Zig Zag by always swimming to the areas where he may get the most oxygen. And this oxygen is comparable to the volume provided by the stops. He takes up this volume with his limit orders or uses the triggering of the stops to run the price in his direction. So we should always ask ourselves where the largest volume, in the form of stops, is currently on the market. These are exactly the zones that the big player is heading for next. And that's exactly what we can identify with Stophunting.

The algorithms help us to recognize whether a big player is currently moving the market with market orders or is holding up the market with his limit orders. We will talk about this in more detail in the next few weeks and look at concrete explanations in practice.

I wish you a successful trading week.

best regards

Michael

--- 帖子 #1397 ---
Identification of the big player algorithms

Hello dear subscribers,

In my last post I showed which big player algorithms are interesting for us retail traders.

Big player algorithms

First of all, it is clear to me that this topic is very complex and that many traders prefer to make it very simple. Unfortunately, the market is very complicated, otherwise not so many retail traders would lose permanently. It is indisputable that the 12 largest big players influence 85% of the Forex market in their favor. With over $ 2 trillion in daily sales, the EURUSD is the largest currency pair in the Forex market, accounting for 30%. Two weeks ago, the share in EURUSD peaked at 50% of the total forex market as many traders focused on the euro and dollar. That is why there is a very high chance in EURUSD that there are always big players there. As a retail trader, we cannot move the market, so we only have one chance, we have to let the big players take us away. To do this, however, we need to know where the big players are and what they are up to. Our project 11 focuses on finding out what the big players are currently trading in the market. We know that they use algorithms to bring their orders to the market unnoticed. There are now different ways of identifying these orders, some of which we'll look at today.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Point A

The last 30 trading days in the daily range were on average 3 times higher than in the last 30 trading days before. These effects have a lot to do with Covid19, as it is an exceptional situation that brings about massive changes in many parts of our lives. On Friday, with a daily range of 82 pip, we once again reached the daily range of January 31, 2020.

Point B

Here we see the daily volume in EURUSD of the last 77 trading days. At its peak, this volume was 400,000 lots, 3 times higher than the average volume of 130,000 lots. We can see that the volume has now returned to the average. But it also shows that big player participation has declined significantly. This was to be expected due to quarantine regulations. The big players are currently having massive problems because their traders usually sit together in rooms and are coordinated by their office boss. This office boss is networked with the office management and so common strategies can be carried out. Many big players are currently considering how to organize these strategies for traders through a home office. But it is not that simple, as it requires the appropriate technology. But preparations are already underway.

Point C

As we know, the participation of big players is highest in the area of limit orders. The number of limit orders in the DOM shows that significantly fewer big players were involved in the market. The average number of limit orders in the DOM of the Euro FX has dropped to a third in the past few weeks. While in January you still needed 75 lots to move the price by one tick, you only needed an average of 25 lots in the last 30 trading days. This also explains the high volatility within one trading day. It can also be used to understand a higher daily range.

Point E

As I showed in my last posts, the limit orders are a crucial point to identify the big players. Here we see all limit orders from the last trading day on Friday. Basically, one can assume that the big players and institutional traders divide the limit orders among themselves. However, this also includes a proportion of retail traders.

Slide F

Here we only see cumulative limit orders that have entered the market. These are the well-known iceberg orders, which primarily intercept the stops of retail traders. We can already see here that the picture of limit orders is changing significantly. Since the big player's win rate of 90% is significantly higher, than that of institutional traders at 60%, the next challenge is to differentiate the iceberg orders of big players from institutional traders. However, this will take some time.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here we see a representation of the iceberg orders in the market profile, whereby we must note that these are orders from the big players as well as the larger institutional traders. Larger institutional traders often have a significantly higher profit rate than 60%. Thus, a certain watering-down takes place in this representation, which, however, comes very close to reality. It is interesting to see that the basic processes in retail are always the same.

Point A

In the equilibrium in front of Point A, the dollar was bought stronger and the price was finally pushed down. The light green areas usually show an exit from the dollar and the light red areas show an exit from the euro. Many traders assume that the big players have formed a consortium and regularly coordinate where the course is going. In principle, this is not necessary at all, because the big players immediately recognize what the other is doing, because they all use similar strategies. When a big player buys the dollar, the others see it immediately and naturally try to join in immediately. Fighting against each other would be unproductive because you never know how much the other person is willing to invest to implement his strategy. So you just hang onto it and try to pull together the strategy. This also increases the likelihood that the strategy will work. Because if two big players act in the same direction, twice as much money is in the game.

Point B

We now see an example of a course from last Friday, from Point A to Point E. First, the dollar was bought stronger at Point A and we can already see that at Point B, partial sales from the dollar begin. At Point C & D we can also see further exits from the dollar. In addition to Point B, we see two stronger buy limit orders. At first I thought that an institutional trader had miscalculated, but afterwards I realized that this was a big player who had given himself liquidity.

Point C

After exiting the dollar (point C), the price was initially pushed further down and the euro was bought. This euro purchase ensured that the rate went up again for the next 3 hours. There were several reasons for this upward movement. On the one hand, the short traders were to be stopped and, on the other hand, the big players wanted to buy the dollar again and then push the price down again.

Point D

At Point D was the last exit from the dollar, since massive euros had been bought an hour earlier. First there was a downward stuffing, where the euro was again massively bought in the Point E area.

Point E

Via Point E we see a strong exit from the euro (light red bars). First of all, this is a good sign that the trend is upwards. Of course there was another downward price trend where the euro was bought very strongly. Then the price was pushed up more.

First of all, it is importent to choose a filter setting in the area of the iceberg orders. Then I recommend analyzing a daily routine and naming it as I did. Over time, you will find that the process is always the same. This procedure is particularly interesting for day traders who trade in the medium term. As I have already described, the overall picture is always decisive and the story must make sense.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here we see a heat map in the 1 second chart. The red lines represent the sell limit orders, the green lines the buy limit orders. The lighter the color, the higher the number of limit orders. The representation of the heat map is not about actually executed limit orders, but about the willingness to absorb market orders at a certain price level. So if a big player places a large number of limit orders in the DOM, this will be shown in the heat map. With this willingness on the part of the big players, excellent resistance zones can be drawn. The larger red circles are stops of the long traders, the larger green circles are stops of the short traders. When a large red circle emerges in an upward trend, it is usually an exit from the euro or a dollar purchase. When a large green circle emerges in a downward trend, it is usually an exit from the dollar or a euro purchase.

Point A

Around 14:30 CET, there was a high level of willingness on the part of the big players who wanted to absorb sell market orders at this price level.

Point B

The price went down again and at Point B there was again a high willingness to absorb sell market orders at the same price level.

Point C

The same game was repeated here.

Point D

At Point D the time had come, sell market orders were absorbed and at the same time strong buy market orders were brought into the market. As I have already written in a few articles, the algorithms of the big players often begin to be active half an hour before the turnaround. In this case it was the same again. Let's look at what happened afterwards.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The big players started collecting ask in the previous downtrend and used the strong resistance zone to push the price higher afterwards.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Let's take a look at a typical example of Stophunting.

Point A

We see a strong resistance zone again, where triggered stops in the form of sell market orders have been absorbed by the buy limit orders of the big players.

Point B

The course was pushed to point B, during which additional Ask were collected.

Point C

There was a small stophunting down, then the price was pushed sharply to point D.

Point D

The green circles that appear shortly before Point D are stops for the short traders, but the number was not so large because many were long. Now the big players are using a nasty trick. The price was pushed up sharply from point C to point D, which led many traders to suspect that it was a pullback. From point D, the course was slowly and sustainably pushed down to point E.

Point E

At Point E, more traders were positioned short, otherwise large red circles would have formed at Point E, which would have shown the stops of the long traders.

Point F

From Point E there was another quick strong movement up and then down. For many traders, this was a possible sign of a strong downward price trend. Instead, the price was pushed up sharply and we can see from the large green circles that many short trader stops were triggered. From the limit orders in the DOM, as well as in my filtered market profile, you could see that these stops were absorbed by the big players. Within 15 minutes, a large number of buy market orders were absorbed within the yellow rectangle. Where does the course go when someone has bought a lot of bid? Answer: Down.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

We can see the result very well in this example.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Now let's take a look at how the big player algorithms help us in the heat map.

Point A

Around 11:00 CET, the big players were strong willing to use sell limit orders to absorb the price at a certain price level.

Point B

Around 14:30 CET, the big players were strong willing to use buy limit orders to absorb the price at a certain price level.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I have drawn these two lines in the course of the day.

Point A

Here we see the red line where the big players were ready to place large sell limit orders in the market to absorb all buy market orders.

Point B

Here we see the green line where the big players were ready to place large buy limit orders in order to absorb all sell market orders. First of all, we can see that the course went over the line. There is a simple explanation for this.

Point C

Here the price was pushed up, triggering the stops of the short traders. This creates a chain reaction. As soon as stops are triggered by short traders, many buy market orders come into the market. These buy market orders push the price up and trigger further stops.

Point D

Exactly the same thing happened here, although a big player never knows exactly how far this chain reaction goes. The only thing he can do is absorbed all these triggered stops with his sell limit orders. Of course, he could also slow down the price by increasing the limit orders, but that would not be an advantage for him. It is better to let the chain reaction continue and to take all market orders that he can get. Since he then pushes the price down, he's happy about every dollar bought.

Point E

Here, too, the price passed a little above the resistance zone, as too many traders long were positioned at Point F. Therefore, the price was pushed down again to eliminate these long traders. So you can see how beautifully the big players with their algorithms give themselves away and have already put a comprehensible price trend on the market many hours beforehand.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I would like to deepen this again. Over the course of a day, there are certain price levels at which the big players repeatedly instruct their algorithms to place certain limits on the market. The reason for this is that they want to be the first to queue up to absorb possible stops. I have now drawn five red lines and two green lines from these algorithms.

Point A

The red lines show a high willingness to absorb buy market orders from this price level.

Point B

The green lines show a high willingness to absorb sell market orders from this price level.

Point C

Here I carried out an interesting experiment in which I only made smaller, non-cumulative market orders visible. These are the orders of the retail traders. Since the retail traders are wrong in most cases, you can see in the example that most of them are short oriented, even though the price is going up.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here we now see the course of the day and how it behaves on the drawn lines. So we find that the algorithms of the big players are able to give us a small overview of the future market trend. The big players are unable to switch off the algorithms, otherwise they will not be the first in the queue. This willingness shows us a clear tendency. But also here we should always pay attention to the current situation and how the limit orders of the big players in the DOM behave.

Point A

Of course, the big players try to mislead the retail traders using the limit orders in the DOM. When a price goes up, there is sometimes a very strong sell limit order in the DOM. Many believe when the price comes to this point that the trend is changing. Instead, the orders are deleted and the price is pushed up sharply. As an experienced trader you can recognize these tricks immediately and can use these fake limit orders for your favor.

Conclusion:

The algorithms help big players to place hidden orders in the market, to split large orders into smaller orders in order to reduce stronger market movements and to lead retail traders on the wrong track. Anyone who takes a closer look at them is able to recognize and identify these algorithms with simple tools. The big players thus automatically draw resistance zones into the market, which you can easily trade. So far there has been no need to hide these resistance zones, since very few traders could use this information to their advantage. It could change from now on. If the big players tried to hide these resistance zones, you would also have to forego the queue at the same time. In principle, there is a somewhat complicated way to hide these resistance zones, but I'm not going to reveal my idea to the big players. This disadvantage of big players is clearly our advantage and I can only advise everyone to take advantage of it. Of course, this is not possible with pure Forex data, so I recommend everyone to additionally use stock market data. The algorithms are a clear advantage for the big players, but in this case, they are also a clear advantage for the person who deals with them.

I wish you a great weekend

best regards

Michael

--- 帖子 #1398 ---
Hello Michael.

Since a week I´m back to my home office after my 5 Weeks project in Bavaria.

I ve been reading the last couple of pages again to spot out how you manage your SL´s to minus 2 max.

Here is a example how I look for manipulation in the markets without the Software.

Easy liquidity fishing.

But my SL is for that case 4 pips, managed it only to 4 pips neth this time.

By the way, I´m asking .. why no Dax?

Liquidity also on a CFD base is given and the spreads are tight.

Stockmarket data is also available.

By the way.. really awesome how you figure out the BP algos, I also use the software,

but I couldn t spot these levels with such an accuracy yet.

--- 帖子 #1399 ---
Advantage through algorithms

[quote=Sesamstrasse;12860305]Hello Michael. Since a week I´m back to my home office after my 5 Weeks project in Bavaria.

Hello Guido,

I hope that you have arrived safely in Frankfurt and that you are in good health. I owe my SL administration of 2 pip to the last 10 years, where I acted as a scalper exclusively in the equilibrium. I don't use an indicator for this, it is simply an empirical value. I identify the stophunting like you do, using my Bionic candle.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The Dax costs me almost 3 times as much spread, but it has a much higher volatility, so that I would be break even 5 seconds faster if I correctly assessed the course. The ATR is 3 times as high in the Dax, which means I would have to significantly expand my SL. A better alternative in the area of profitability would be the USA 500, but an expansion of the SL is also a requirement here. But for me it would be the only alternative to the EURUSD. The decisive factor for me is where you lose the least and not where you can win the most. The EURUSD is therefore the best choice for me.

You can download the calculator here:

Bionic currency calculator

In addition, there is a small drawdown in EURUSD and a high level of liquidity even in times of crisis, as is currently the case. In addition, I have had exchange rate data in the EURUSD since 1971, can work with currency strengths (euro and dollar strength) and can fall back on open interest, which I would lack in the Dax and USA 500. Another point is the comparison between future and forex data. These are most accurate in EURUSD to Euro FX. When the Dax hits a new high, I am missing reference data from the past, while I can use reference data between 0.58 and 1.60 in EURUSD. With the EURUSD, I am able to keep my drawdown in a very small area, which is important so that you can keep the profits you have made in the past.

With my experiment of the algorithms I was below 1% with my drawdown, here is the complete financial evaluation:

Experiment limit orders and algorithms

Thank you for your great compliment on identifying the algorithms. This is a very big challenge at the moment because you first have to determine how the big players use their algorithms. I have also made an inquiry to the manufacturer as to whether he can make certain modifications to determine algorithms. I am curious. The identification of iceberg orders is also a procedure that I have never seen anywhere else. The first crucial point is that you have to completely think new this first, because many futures traders concentrate exclusively on market orders. This is also clear, since all platforms only represent the market orders. The task is to make the iceberg orders visible in a very complicated filtering process. Only these iceberg orders show us traders the future course of the price. Using the right algorithms, you can filter out these iceberg orders, I will try that in our current project. I am very confident, but it all takes time. So don't give up and stay tuned, because it will give you information that no one else has. And that is an enormous market advantage that pays off.

I wish you a successful trading week.

Best regards

Michael

--- 帖子 #1400 ---
The big players are back

Hello dear subscribers,

In the past few weeks, the big players in the market have withdrawn somewhat due to the Corona crisis, which could be seen in the form of lower liquidity. In the euro US dollar, the big players returned to their jobs, because on April 8th there was another major campaign where a big player made himself available liquidity. Let us first look at the specific process

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Point A

Around 8:30 p.m. on April 8, a major big player absorbed 1000 lot buy market orders with its own sell limit order. Most market participants could only see the large buy market orders and therefore went long. The big player used this situation to push the price down sharply.

Point B

The trade continued to be looked after overnight and the job of the big player traders was to keep the price within the blue square area.

Point C

On the morning of April 9th around 8:00 a.m. there was a small breakout and then the price was pushed up. The key candle shown in yellow formed over point C.

Point D

At around 12:00 CET on April 9, the price returned to the strong resistance zone, where it had previously been rejected twice. Many traders assumed that the price would now break through this zone and took a long position. The big player used this to push the course down again.

Point E

The course ran in the area of the key candle shown and was then pushed up sharply. Around 14:30 CET, the high volatility on the basis of economic news was used to push the price higher.

Point F

The big player used the following equilibrium to get out of his position. Let's take a closer look at how that worked out in detail.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Let's start with the situation where the big player has made liquidity available to himself. On April 8th at 3:30 p.m. CET we see in the heat map at Point A that larger market orders are entering the market that were simultaneously absorbed with their own sell limit orders. At first, a kind of equilibrium developed below this zone and we first thought that the big player would get out of his dollar position and then push the price up. It looked like that was the big player's plan at first, but there wasn't enough liquidity within the equilibrium to get out of his dollar position. Therefore the course was pushed down from point B.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

How can you tell that a big player is making liquidity available to itself? On the one hand I recommend working with a heat map, on the other hand you can clearly see that from the previous average volume. In the M15 chart at Point A we see that the average volume is around 500-700 lots per 15 minutes. At point B we see a tenfold increase in volume. The probability is relatively low that a big player knows exactly the price level and the time at which another big player places a large number of market orders in the market in order to then absorb them with sell limit orders. In the heat map it was half an hour before this action to recognize that the big player had filled the limit levels with their own sell limit orders in order to be the first in the queue at 15:30 CET. These are all clear signs to find out that this is a separate liquidity position.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here we see again in the heat map how the course has developed. First, on April 9, 12:00 noon CET, the price was rejected downwards and from point D, the price was pushed up strongly. From point E to point F the big player got out of his euro position and realized his winnings. Now let's take a look at how the big player did it based on the market profile.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Point A

On April 8, around 3:30 p.m. CET, the big player first launched 1000 Lot buy markets, which he simultaneously absorbed with 1000 Lot Sell Limit orders. I have already described a similar case in the following article:

Experiment own liquidity continues!

It is possible that the big player at Point A had 1000 Lot Ask and 1000 Lot Bid. In the example I described, he initially pushed the price down and dissolved his dollar position there. Then he pushed the price back up and got out of his euro position. First of all, the two different positions are neutral because they represent a kind of hedge. It only becomes dangerous from the moment he gets out of a position. As soon as he is out of position, he has to push the price back up to realize his profit. I think the big player wanted to take a different path this time and tried to get out of his dollar position at point B and then push the price up. At Point A, he has brought a very large number of market orders to the market and is betting that many traders will also take a long position with which he would have been able to get out of his dollar position. However, due to insufficient liquidity, this plan did not work and so he had to decide to stay in his dollar position and push the price down.

Point C

On the downward trend, the big player seems to have left his dollar position with 500 lots.

Point D

First the price was pushed up again to win more buyers and then, 1 hour later, got out of the dollar position at Point D with another 500 lots. The dollar position was closed and there was still a position of 1000 lots in the euro. This also explains why the price was not pushed down more afterwards.

Point E

With the beginning of the Asian market, the big player at Point E was able to collect 500 lot buy limit orders, since he had to push the price up anyway, since a 1000 lot buy market position was still open on the blue line.

Point F

Around 4:30 CET another 500 lot buy limit orders were collected. After a stophunting the course then went to Point G.

Point G

In the equilibrium, the big player gradually dissolved his 2,000 lot euro position. He acquired 1000 lots on April 8 at 3:30 p.m. and 500 lots in the Asian market.

Point H

In the future market I once added up the profits that would amount to approximately $ 1.8 million. However, we must not forget that this promotion was carried out in the Forex market, which is approximately 100 times as large.

Overall, the profit would be $ 180 million, but we should note, that the big player causes some costs. In the Asian market, he had to keep the price in a range and there were two strong breakouts after the Asian market. These course corrections cost a lot of money, so we can expect a total profit of at least $ 130 million. If we consider that the big players have made few profits in the past few days, this is only a small limitation of damage.

Conclusion:

On April 8, around 3:30 p.m. CET, I drew the blue line and knew that the big player had to push the course over this line in order to get out of his position reasonably well. This information enabled me to make some profitable trades during April 9th. So it is absolutely crucial to focus more on the limit orders in the market than to run after the market orders. You can read about how to work with limit orders in my project no.10.

A completely new market view

The moment a big player makes himself available liquidity, it is initially unclear in which direction he will start his next action. First of all, I would recommend anyone who identifies such a situation to wait and see. There are only two possible situations. Either he stays in both positions and first tries to bring one position to profit. As soon as he has brought the first position to profit, the next course of the course is logically understandable. The second possibility is that he tries to get out of a position, which you can see immediately in my limit market profile. As soon as he is out of the first position, the next course is clearly foreseeable.

However, I was not entirely satisfied with this situation and was looking for a way to immediately see in which direction the big player could start his next action. I have developed a strategy for this that has not yet existed on the market. I call it the Bionic 4D Strength Method, in which only four decisive strengths are measured and compared. They clearly belong to our current topic of algorithm identification and I hope that I can publish them in the next few days. I am convinced that this approach will be another milestone on our way to success.

I wish you a nice friday

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1401 ---
Act in the eye of the tornado

Bionics 4D strength method

Hello dear subscriber,

As we know, big players use algorithms to achieve different goals. You can read that again in this post:

Big player algorithms

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

To identify the algorithms, one can use the limit orders or the heat map. I have already written extensively about both options in my blog. Both in the consideration of limit orders and in the heat map, own algorithms are used to make identification possible. This procedure requires real stock market data with appropriate software. The data is not generated on the basis of an indicator, but from bid and ask, which enables an exact representation. Today I want to go one step further and publish a perspective that has not yet existed. I only came across it by accident and the first attempts were promising.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Almost all traders refer to market orders in their predictions and evaluations. The reason for this is relatively simple, the stock exchange only provides market orders and the market orders move the market. In many articles I have tried to explain why market orders are not the decisive factor in the market. The big players primarily work with limit orders to collect their bid or ask by absorbing the volume of retail traders in the form of stops. Of course, the big players also use the market orders, but primarily to push the price into the first stops to provoke a chain reaction. Retail traders use market orders, big players use limit orders. In order to follow the big players, one should therefore rather not analyze market orders. Therefore, the accumulated limit orders are an optimal representation to forecast a future price trend. The only way to look into the future so far was the limit orders in the DOM which are not meaningful enough due to spoofing. The big players generally use the visible limit orders to mislead retail traders and institutional traders. Nobody can see the actual iceberg orders and identification is difficult because the big players always absorb the volume at different price levels.

When I started in the Forex market 10 years ago, I tried to get as close to current price information as possible so I could react quickly. The fastest price information in Forex is the price change. The smaller the time unit, the greater the price change in relation to the candle. But there is a catch, the smaller the time unit, the less precise and volatile the price change will be. An H4 candle consists of 240 different M1 pieces of information and is therefore more precise than an M1 candle. Many traders therefore use different time units to combine different price information. Indicators are a different form of price display, although they are generally slower than the price because they run after the price. But the price is always the result of volume and liquidity and volume and liquidity is unfortunately not shown in the Forex. As a Forex trader we look at a ship (price) on the sea and see that it moves forward (long) or backwards (short) and that is solely the result. What we don't see is how strong the propulsion is (volume) and how strong the current is (liquidity). So if you do not know the strength of the propulsion or the strength of the current, how do you use this to calculate a calculation for the progress of a ship? One could now calculate an average speed, which however becomes more precise the longer the measured time. And the longer the measured time, the sooner the trend (long or short) is over. As a forex trader, I am forced to work with probabilities that, due to the way the big players work, make my profit more random than predictable.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The only way to get closer to volume and liquidity is to work with the DOM and the Times & Sales list.

Point A

Here we see the DOM consisting of the daily volume of bid and ask, the pending liquidity, the volume processed, spoofing (deleted limit orders) and the price.

Point B

In the Times & Sales list we see the time in 1/1000 seconds, bid and ask prices, the number of lots, trend algorithms, price changes, sizes of bid and ask accordingly after a trade and the average volume of a trade.

Point C

The spread tape is a tool for visualizing the volumes during each spread value. This method of band display is useful because it shows the balance between buyers and sellers more precisely and which side is currently more aggressive. The cumulative delta for all data in the meter is also interesting.

Point D

Bid and Ask can now be filtered and assigned in individual areas to identify potential big players more precisely. The filter settings are very individual and applicable to different situations.

Traders who work with the DOM and the Times & Sales list are 3 times more likely to win than traders who work without this information. And in the stock market, these are worlds, like a 1/10 second in Formula 1, is an incredibly big advantage. When I first worked with the DOM and the Times & Sales list, I was completely overwhelmed because an incredible amount of information came in within seconds that had to be processed at the same time. But in principle it is nothing more than an extremely fast video game, which you cannot master at the beginning. The reason why a lot of traders don't work with the DOM and the Times & Sales list is because it seems too complex at first glance. And everything that is new and unknown is initially viewed critically by humans. But look at the screens of the most successful traders in the world, they all work with the DOM and the Times & Sales list. And there is a very specific reason for this. Volume and liquidity are the only reason for price changes and the DOM and Times & Sales list are the fastest way to identify volume and liquidity.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Let us first look at why a price changes in the market. I first created a simple representation of a DOM here.

Point A

Here we see a 75 lot sell market order that runs into a 70 lot buy limit order.

Point B

First, the 70 Lot buy limit orders are literally eaten up by the 75 Lot Sell Market orders and the price goes down 1 tick. Of the 45 lot buy limit orders below, 5 lot are eaten, then the price comes to a standstill. At this price level there are still 40 lot buy limit orders.

Point C

Behind the visible buy limit orders in the DOM are the algorithms of the big players, who postpone further limit orders as soon as the price has reached a certain price level. These are the described iceberg orders that you cannot see in the DOM.

Point D

As soon as the sell market orders reach the price level at point D, the algorithms of the big players ensure that more and more buy limit orders are added to absorb the further incoming sell market orders. The algorithms of the big players sometimes work so well that the number of visible buy limit orders does not change significantly. It could well be that 500 lot sell market orders are absorbed at the price level 1.100 without the number of 87 lots in the area of buy limit orders changing significantly. The task of the algorithms is: As soon as the number of buy limit orders falls below a certain value, replenish them immediately. So we have an invisible resistance zone in this area that most traders in the market cannot see. If you work with a special heat map, the identification of zone D is completely possible. You can find more information here.

Identification of the big player algorithms

Point E

Here we see an 80 lot buy market order that runs into a 78 lot sell limit order.

Point F

First, the 78 Lot Sell Limit orders are literally eaten up by the 80 Lot Sell Market order and the price goes up 1 tick. Of the 54 lot sell limit orders above, 2 lots are eaten, after which the price comes to a standstill. At this price level there are still 52 lot sell limit orders.

Point G

Behind the visible sell limit orders in the DOM are the algorithms of the big players, who add further limit orders as soon as the price has reached a certain price level. These are the described iceberg orders that you cannot see in the DOM.

Point H

As soon as the buy market orders reach the price level at point H, the algorithms of the big players ensure that more and more sell limit orders are added to absorb the further incoming buy market orders. In this case, another 200 lot sell limit orders are already available in the background, which are gradually being pushed into the market by the algorithms of the big players. So we are already in a strong resistance zone, but most traders are not aware of it at this moment. How should a trader react to a particular situation that he cannot predict? If you as a trader knew that there were another 200 lot sell limit orders in the queue behind the 54 lot sell limit orders, no trader would take a long position at this time. However, the specific situation now matters. If the big player's sell limit orders are an exit from the euro, there is a high probability that the price will continue to rise afterwards. However, if the sell limit orders are a dollar buy, I would rather not take a long position at this point. It is therefore important to recognize whether sell limit orders sell the euro or buy the dollar. I have already written about this in great detail in my blog.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

As a scalper, I want to know exactly when a course is going up or down. And this information I need as soon as possible.

Downward movement

The market sell orders (point A) run into the limit buy orders (point B). If you compare this to a boat, it is crucial for me to know how strong the drive of the boat is (volume) and at the same time how strong the current (liquidity) is. From this I can calculate whether the boat is moving further down or whether it is being braked.

Upward movement

The market buy orders (point C) run into the limit sell orders (point D). If you compare this to a boat, it is crucial for me to know how strong the drive of the boat is (volume) and at the same time how strong the current (liquidity) is. From this I can calculate whether the boat continues to move upwards or whether it is being braked. To do this, I need to know how strong points A to D are. The Bionics 4D strength method was born from this idea.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

To illustrate this, I first developed three different cases. The downward trend is on the left and the upward trend on the right. I divided the strength of the respective orders from 1-10, whereby the value 10 is strong and the value 1 is weak.

Point 1

The buy limit orders have a strength of 10 while the sell market orders have a strength of 2. The buy market orders have a strength of 8, while the sell limit orders have a strength of 5.

First of all, we notice that the strength of buy markets orders is significantly greater than the strength of sell limit orders. This means that the buy market orders are able to eat up the sell limit orders to justify an upward trend. At the same time, the sell market orders are significantly weaker than the buy limit orders. That would mean that if the price changes to go down, the strength of the buy limit orders will hold the sell market orders. In this case, the overall strength is so great that it would justify another upward trend.

Point 2

In this case, the strength of the buy limit orders and the sell market orders is the same. So it is an equilibrium that balances itself. The buy market orders have a strength of 8, while the sell limit orders have a strength of 2. This initially speaks for a stronger upward trend, although the equilibrium downwards does not secure the upward trend.

Point 3

In this case we see that the sell market orders are significantly stronger than the buy limit orders. This initially speaks for a downward trend. At the same time, the strong sell limit orders secure a possible price change. The buy market orders are significantly weaker than the sell market orders, so it is not expected that the price will turn at this time.

Perhaps you have already noticed that there are four dimensions in this case. Keeping an eye on the strength of these four dimensions at the same time requires a high level of concentration and is in fact not easy. You need two dimensions when driving, three dimensions when flying and in our case we need to be able to keep an eye on four dimensions at the same time. This is a big challenge at first, but it gets easier over time.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I first thought about how I could be able to measure the different strengths. First of all, the market orders are relatively easy to identify because they are shown in the time and sales list. However, in the area of market orders I am only interested in cumulative orders. The strength of the liquidity was initially a bit more of a challenge because it is not shown in the chart or in the DOM. Here I orient myself in the time and sales list to the sizes that show me the respective liquidity within a BID or ASK change. From this I created a filter with which I can show the individual strength.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here we see the experimental screen, which I set up to show the different strengths.

Point A and B

These are two footprint charts in different time units to show the relevant limit orders.

Point C

The heat map, often described, with the display of cumulative and non-cumulative orders to decide whether the dollar is bought or the euro is sold and whether the euro is bought or the dollar is sold. This allows you to immediately see whether Stophunting is taking place or whether a big player provides himself liquidity.

Point D and E

These are exclusively BID and ASK from retail traders. In the video below you can clearly see that retail traders take an opposite position to big players in over 90% of cases.

Point F and G

This is the average volume that occurred within a BID or ASK change.

Point H

Here we see the strength of the buy limit orders, where light green means strength and dark green indicates weakness.

Point I

Here we see the sell market orders that run into the buy limit orders. The lighter the color, the stronger the number of market orders.

Point J

Here we see the strength of the sell limit orders, where light red means strength and dark red shows weakness.

Point K

Here we see the buy market orders that run into the sell limit orders. The lighter the color, the stronger the number of market orders.

Point L

All the information we see comes from the future market, so I have once again explicitly shown a price trend in the M1 from the forex market with my bionic candle.

Point M

Here we see a limit order display in the M15 to determine an absorption more specifically.

First we see on the chart that the price has been in a downward movement in the last 4 minutes (point L). At Point J we see that the sell limit orders have become significantly weaker and the buy limit orders have gained strength. Buy market orders are still small, but sell market orders have lost strength. This initially speaks for a possible upward trend change. I created a video that starts right here and runs for 5 minutes. First the price goes up and then comes into a small resistance zone, which is broken shortly afterwards. Pay attention to the points H, I, L, K & J during the video view.

Inserted Video

First of all, it is very surprising that you can immediately guess how the future price trend will develop based on the four different strengths of market buy / sell and limit buy / sell. Of course, I still have to optimize my filter setting significantly and at the same time adapt it to the current volatility and market conditions.

Conclusion

Based on the four different strengths of market orders and limit orders, the future price trend can be forecast with a very high probability. When strong market buy orders push the price up, the big players often secure the price down with buy limit orders. The limit orders are decisive here. With the right filtering, they immediately show when a price is held up. It is then important to use the heat map to identify exactly what is happening within the course stop. That then decides on the future course of the course. With this representation, we are right in the center of the tornado and can immediately see whether a trend is increasing or changing. Market sell orders that run in the limit buy orders and market buy orders that run in the limit sell orders are the only reason for price movements in the market. With the correct identification of the respective strength and at the same time looking at the possible stophunting, the probability of winning can be increased disproportionately. It can also be used to generate better entries and exits. The strength of the limit orders shows me when a possible equilibrium is created. Supply and demand can be identified immediately and help a trader to make the right decisions. However, there are still some challenges that we will solve in the coming months. As a result of the experiments so far, I can say that I have never entered and exited a trade as optimally. However, you have to be able to immediately grasp the four strengths and immediately relate them to one another. It's a very big challenge that I initially underestimated a little. First of all, I will take a closer look at the other filter settings and optimize the display even further. Then a test run with further corrections takes place. We will see in future results whether this approach pays off in concrete terms. I will definitely keep you up to date.

In my eyes, this approach could establish itself in the future, since we act directly in the eye of the tornado. In my opinion, this is the fastest information a trader can get. This view is rather uninteresting for the big player, since he knows what he is currently investing. However, he could use a trick to capture the retail traders specifically in the market. That would enable even more efficient stophunting while saving him a lot of money. However, we retail traders derive the greatest advantage from this because we can only win if we let the big players pull us along. And my approach could be a crucial key to this.

I wish you a great Easter

best regards

Michael

--- 帖子 #1402 ---
Clever idea ! Interesting

Have a nice Easter also

ps: which program are you using ?

--- 帖子 #1403 ---
Act in the eye of the tornado

Hello rosalieone,

first of all thank you very much I am glad, that you like this idea.

Act in the eye of the tornado

This procedure only works with real stock market data. I use a stock market data feed from CQG and have the stock market data translated by the ATAS platform. You can find more information here.

Project 6 first interim conclusion

I would like to emphasize once again that there are many good data feeds and stock exchange software and that my selection must be viewed critically and should not be understood as a recommendation. I only earn my money from trading and not from advertising. If someone is interested in stock exchange software or a data feed, I would first compare different providers to find the best price-performance ratio. I compared different providers in over 6 months and put together the best package for me. I can justify my choice for myself, but I would switch providers at any time if the platform no longer met my requirements. However, every trader has different requirements, so I strongly recommend making this selection yourself and not following my personal selection.

I hope that I could help you and wish you a nice Easter.

best regards

Michael

--- 帖子 #1404 ---
Michael, post 1406 is simply superb. I have been following your thread and continue to be amazed with the quality of information and depth of research you share.

Your explanation of the DOM is excellent. It's my belief that the only way to truly see volume is to understand and study the DOM. Aggressive (large market orders) move price. The flow/volume of orders move price! Thanks for your your great work here.

Happy Easter!

--- 帖子 #1405 ---
Its not difficult to understand that you know what you are talking abaut.And thank you for all the info and Bionics template i been doing some scalping with renkos lately on EN,GJ and GU,but Wednesday i tried out DAX and DOW with 1000 points boxes and where able to catch some of the bigger moves....I added your Bionics template to thoose two and after messuring i changed to 600 points boxes because that setting gave the nice strings that i look for...I have one Bionics osillator at settings 2,1,0 and the other to 12,5,3 so one shows bars at turn and one lines like osillator i have not seen this live yet,but the numbers on chart will help me to confirm if the turn will be more ore less boxes because using renkos i enter on second box after a turn and use a 1000 points stoploss(10pips/10 dollar/1lot) i guess.....I have no backround from working in any financial job so i just try to absorb what you are writing here....I do think i can catch some more pips(Money)than on my 3 forex pairs trading DAX at the first hours of Frankfurt and DOW at the first hours of U.S open....Because trading renkos i like some faster movements because then i dont have the time to move stoploss and faster gains if go my way....But again i dont know if it even will work with offline chart,but i think so because the numbers are on chart so again thanks for sharing and i look forward testing this out Tuesday morning.....Have a nice easter whats rest of it...(I hope i didnt missunderstand everyting abaut Bionics...lol)

PM:I did very well for 12 days trying to compaund a smaller account as fast as possible(Part of a challenge) and had no loosing days,then i lost my head and trew the rules out the window moving stops and adding to loosers so i lost my 150% profit and ended down 24% from deposit so i will put money in so i come to amount i was at when my head went mush and try again...Much better for me with a tight stop so i can learn to take some losses and not get angry and mess up....Even been trading for 6 years now i must concentrate on being disiplined all the time one glitch and make wrong move and as you said in a post:"Chainreaction" of loosing....I am sure many here PROBEBLY recognize my problem......lolz(A little humor now in theese Corona times with a picture.)

--- 帖子 #1406 ---
Equilibrium, is a key to success

[quote=FXsniper111;12870984]{quote} Its not difficult to understand that you know what you are talking abaut.And thank you for all the info and Bionics template i

Hello FXsniper111,

Thank you for your kind words and welcome to our blog. I would like to pass on your compliments to all subscribers because they were also involved in the development of this blog. I am very happy that the ideas in this blog help you, that is exactly our goal. The crucial thing for every trader is to create an individual setup with which he can trade profitably. This setup is like a fingerprint and can never be copied. I keep my fingers crossed that your expectations will be fulfilled from Tuesday.

Lovely wishes

Michael

--- 帖子 #1407 ---
Act in the eye of the tornado

Hello corinthia,

Thank you for the great compliment. Indeed, a high quality of information is always associated with a lot of work, but I am tempted to take paths that no one else has taken before. I'm always looking for solutions that allow a trader to get information a few milliseconds before everyone else. These milliseconds can be critical to get a huge market advantage. I believe that this idea can bring such a market advantage.

Act in the eye of the tornado

Of course, this is just the beginning, because just like an instrument needs to be properly tuned, I will filter the 4D strength method optimally in order to get even more precise and faster results. This method is the fastest information flow that I have been able to generate from the stock market data. If you consider the algorithms of the big players as a tornado, we manage to be in the eye of the tornado with the 4D method. There it is windless and we can  compare the strength of the market. This gives rise to unimagined possibilities. The most interesting thing is that the big players can make their algorithms even more complicated, we will be able to decode these algorithms before anyone else. It's not about being the fastest, it's just about being faster than the others. And maybe we could do it with this method.

I wish you a happy Easter.

best regards

Michael

--- 帖子 #1408 ---
Hi Bionics,

I was rereading your post 1380 on your oscillator indicator.

I have a question, when you mention ''With the Bionic Oscillator we can easily visualize the strength of the movements in the chart. We will often see that when the price goes down, the strength of the bullish moves is higher because many traders also want to trade down, but are stopped by the strong moves up.''

does it mean in fact that because often a majority is on the wrong side of a move we can observe green line higher than red line in a descending price (and opposite when price is ascending)?

Best

--- 帖子 #1409 ---
Bionic ZigZag indicator

[quote=rosalieone;12871455]Hi Bionics, I was rereading your post 1380 on your oscillator indicator. I have a question,

Hello rosalieone,

Your question can be answered as follows: It depends. We traders are always looking for patterns that appear again and again in certain situations. Unfortunately, there are no always valid patterns in the Forex market, as there is no liquidity or volume in the form of bid and ask. We only find such patterns in the algorithms on the stock exchange market, which are, however, very difficult to read. I described that in my last post.

The big players only react to the trading activity of retail traders in order to obtain the necessary volume in the form of market orders with targeted stophunting. If a price goes down, the majority is long oriented anyway. If nothing changes in the further course down, the big player has no reason to push the price up sharply. If, on the other hand, more retail traders take a short position in the course of the downward trend, things look different. That is why it always depends on the individual situation.

Now you will probably want to know how to find out how the majority of retail traders are oriented. Unfortunately, this only works with a special filtering of bid and ask, which is not available in the forex market. However, the Bionic Oscillator can be used very well within an equilibrium or a pullback can be identified with above-average high numbers. However, the last figures are always decisive in order to generate an average from them. Here you will find two more examples, starting from picture no.8.

Help for better trade

This auxiliary indicator is an excellent way to measure the current strength in the market in order to make better decisions. However, I would never derive a trade from it. You should always use stock market data for this.

I hope I could help you and wish you a nice Easter.

best regards

Michael

--- 帖子 #1410 ---
Easter 2020

Hello dear subscribers,

I would like to take the opportunity today to write about a few things that are close to my heart. First of all I would like to thank everyone who has decided to follow this blog. Exactly 830 days ago, I opened this blog to write a trader's diary and document my development in detail. As a Forex trader, I was trading profitably in the equilibrium at the time, but I thought that my success was based more on chance than on professional practice. Most traders sit at home, alone in front of their screens, and have little opportunity for professional exchange. In Germany there are 40,000 traders with 80 million inhabitants, which is a ratio of 1: 2000. I live in an idyllic village with 6000 inhabitants, which is strongly influenced by agriculture. Statistically speaking, here lives 3 traders. And I already know 2 traders, who, however, as a part-time trader, pursue different strategies than I do. There are probably over 4 million traders worldwide and almost 18% of all traders have gathered at Forex Factory. It was very likely that I could find some like-minded people there. In my blog, I started to explain to myself, how I trade and about this, were many suggestions and questions. This accelerated my development so much that I couldn't keep up with the learning.

On January 4th, 2018, I wrote my first post in very bad English. Some statements about the randomness of courses I see today completely differently today. In this post I have already written about the big players, the DOM, footprintchart, Oderflow and the cumulative delta, but at this time, I just started to take a closer look at them.

Equilibrium, is a key to success

Exactly 830 days later, my best article was created, which deals with an idea that is so far unique. I call it: Bionics 4D strength method. This involves identifying the big player algorithms in order to achieve an incredible market advantage.

Act in the eye of the tornado

I still trade in the Forex market and it will always remain that way because I, as a professional Forex trader, have a security that the futures market could never offer me. Nevertheless, I make my trading decisions based solely on the stock market data. Over the past 2 years, with my creativity and with your help have resulted in some crucial projects.

1. The Bioniccandle
2. ZigZag indicator with a strength indicator
3. Currency strength in the forex market
4. Combination of forex and futures data
5. Key candle for Stophunting
6. Identification of the best currency pairs
7. How Big Players Work
8. Identification of algorithms

I am convinced that these 8 crucial points can significantly influence the probability of winning for many traders. The long way from Post 1 "Equilibrium, is a key to success" to my last post: "Act in the eye of the tornado" was very exhausting with over 10,000 hours. Today I'm a little annoyed that I opened my thread so late at Forex Factory.

Forex Factory is a separate, special world in its own right, there are other platforms in the trading area that I don't think are as professionally managed as FF. I find it remarkable that many successful traders share their knowledge with others for free. You will hardly find the same knowledge in books or by trainers. First and foremost, this is about the Forex market, as it is clearly the No. 1 but we could possibly also ensure that the futures market gets a higher acceptance. After all, the stock market data is a guarantee that as a trader you can look into the candle to see the real reason for the price movement.

Unfortunately there are many scammers on the Forex market who also like to post in FF. But you can only prevent this by immediately reporting such incidents. If more traders worked with real stock market data, the fraudsters would have much less chance. Stay away from expensive indicators, because here on FF you can usually find much better indicators. Here is an example. Very expensive currency strength indicators are available on the market, Hanover (member of FF and one of the best programmers of MT4) has programmed very professional currency strength indicators that everyone can download for free. Its indicators are programmed a thousand times more efficiently and precisely than all the currency strength indicators to be paid. And if you have an idea for a new indicator, many great programmers will help you free of charge.

I will code your EAs and indicators for no charge

Beware of EA scammers who supposedly offer highly efficient EA's that are supposed to generate a few thousand percent return. We should think about that for a moment. Imagine someone developing a lottery generator that could accurately predict the lottery numbers every week. The only motivation to offer this lottery generator for sale is at the same time a proof that it does not work. Because if it worked, the inventor would be a millionaire within a short time. To do this, however, he would also have to believe in his own invention.

In the beginning, trading is only about one question. How can I act to keep my money or lose as little money as possible. Anyone who has mastered this will have no problems in making long-term profits and keeping them.

The world has been in a state of emergency for 2-3 months and there seems to be a major upheaval that could have a positive impact on the "After Corona" period. Some traders who spend many hours in front of the screen every day are more comfortable with isolation than many other people. I have already anticipated that this situation will continue for a while. When we have got through the worst, there could be a big recession and after that we could experience a real economic miracle. In the future, people will work more in the home office, fewer cars will pollute the environment because meetings via Skype are much more efficient. Online markets will boom and a new generation will emerge that will save our resources. Stinginess is cool is exchanged for quality and hopefully people will treat each other fairer again. We may spend more time together and treat each other with more respect. We will appreciate the new freedom to be able to move around freely and hopefully we will take the time to do the important things in life. Bad crises are tragic, but they help us to improve our future lives. I hope that we learn from it and that the world moves closer together.

That is the nice thing about FF, here religion, gender or origin does not matter, the decisive factor is the willingness to exchange ideas and to help each other. Mutual acceptance and respect are always a prerequisite for moving forward together.

At this point I would like to thank everyone who has accompanied this blog and who in the past few years has provided questions, comments, praise, criticism, ideas, recommendations, respect and fairness to ensure, that we could all get ahead.

Sesamstrasse MathTrader7 abokwaik alphadude Jagg MXT ThePit renkotop areschris anti-flash candyman752 nadiyakinare chonchy SwingMan dean1star AlexC diceman555 palpite ReverseFlash dwe213 kprsa okshop MaxenshteinD varun76 FerruFx honestknave traderathome emmanuel7788 Ata-Turkoglu cja Nicholishen claudia1 simond2002 hanover x3M-PippiN Lulzim FXsniper111 bejita1111 truehistory fgh96 kloyster Luciano26 fily thomasz1 90patrick lunoza btrfx1 cemilbaskurt hefer vanderpjer fx11trade abidali jennysoft luisinho calvez olivirus1007 fxfury tintep toddanderson Ali.awais wens Chris2013 sujja45 marioroma BOGAT Mr.Eko gibatrader pareshshah J-j Dcrs rera9806 SahrulSidik Viktor75 bigdee tebis Freefox Quant.Trader PeregrinTuk simnz thepsiwa sangnt0904 WahyuMuzaky oktar ScALpipTaToE PayTheBid yyqq188 ShanA PigH topgd68 DMA Trader kingdomk Karuma phanloc xiaoxuesheng aPhong munchie neonbrain5 karabogerald bobydegood RogerS2019 tieuphongfx Pghmoney Styngray iefuzzer icefire jusiur milan6230 hariusa72 Donettie ferryklein Ronniefx astonbraham thelord14 shonx 8v8 Trader.ksn tabasc0 liusw123 dplounge cilgin37 jeffx33 Patete71 Zakigg LuckyMind DonSergion hapanoy crazyfizikci peterrr boyzi mathFx sameer112 kabelot mosanatoliy Scorpy SanAshi Xinobi Weyk Viktory mjnhstyle100 ibrahim1974 mkuefne stophunt78 sunnyho38 novela valeri8888 Seunboi4u patumraj akibch ahmad.786 Mani82 hussain82 angellist Wize orestebufalo santoshpun newhope Liviu Dr forex ShepherdL pedma samet fxtraderj Chronus Macblack91 Alanchen honesttrader skipper13 Richterzoo Vitallica padsan3 AchieveSeed Nothector kiki215fr LoganX makenas

I am proud to develop further ideas with you over the next few years and I sincerely wish you all to stay healthy.

Lovely wishes

Michael

--- 帖子 #1411 ---
Hello Michael.

Here is a live example how the stockmarket data was combined with FX trading.

I implemented in to my chart and saw a good long chance..

The reason for exit was the wash out of higher high "liquidity", executed badly so it looks like I got it almost on top.

Thx for your very detailed posting..

Definetly not a easy read, everytime I read it,

I find something new.. awesome.

stay tuned

Guido

--- 帖子 #1412 ---
Future and Forex

Hello Guido,

I am happy to hear that you are making progress with future and stock market data and that you can always find new things in this blog that will take you further. In the beginning it took me a little longer to find a good set-up. I recommend saving every change in a stock exchange template, then you can also access your stock exchange settings months later. The most important thing is to neglect the volume a bit and focus more on liquidity. I am aware that my ideas is anything but easy, but if you look at the on-screen displays and the tricks of the high-frequency traders, it becomes clear why those of 250 trading days lose only 1 trading day. Here is the post.

Mad world

At first glance, my approach is very complicated, but from the perspective of the high-frequency traders it is rather Stone Age. In principle, as a scalper, you have to work just like the high-frequency traders, but with a much poorer technique and a much more unprofessional approach. But even with a much worse approach, you can stand out from the crowd, which can result in a decisive market advantage. The key is not to be better than the big players, it is enough to be better than the majority of retail traders. Since the beginning of the Forex market, an infinite number of indicators, setups and strategies have been tested. The fewest approaches were successful and brought a sustainable profit over the years. Therefore one should avoid these strategies and break new ground.

Innovation takes a lot of time, but in my eyes it is the only way to survive in this very complex market. Especially since the market changes every day, for example: “Big player give hisself own liquidity”. It is crucial to know how the market orders behave compared to the limit orders, and this can only be seen if you receive liquidity data and volume data. For this reason, I try to develop modules that show me the strength of market sell orders, market buy orders, limit sell orders and limit buy orders. So I can see immediately when the market changes.

You are on the right track, take your time to develop your own modules, which will show you the fastest turning point in the market. And then a strategic money management must be coordinated to precisely this setup.

I wish you a successful trading week.

best regards

Michael

--- 帖子 #1413 ---
First of all thanks a lot Michael for your blog and topics.

Always a pleasure to read it.

My salute to you and all folks here for their views, insights and contributions.

Read your posts is like "dejavu" (for me) I mean in the best way possible since I started in financial markets.

I see you here sharing so much information and for free.

I remember when I started (alone, excited but no one to point me any direction) and expended so much money in courses, indis etc...

And besides all that you are here sharing your HUGE knowledge and all that come with it for free this is REALLY HUGE and AMAZING and so NOBLE from you.

Really sorry for not be able to contribute more here at FF and with this blog since the PANDEMIC I already had health issues in family back there, and now at quarantine here I barely can open a platform but tried to follow and read FF always that I can.

Very happy here to see that there is people willing to share, help and etc...

I guess Hope is not lost for the world.

Congratulations to you dear Michael and to all good friends here and that I made here at FF.

Take care and stay all safe buddies

Best regards

Dcrs

--- 帖子 #1414 ---
Déjà-vu in trading

[quote=Dcrs;12879863]{quote} First of all thanks a lot Michael for your blog and topics. Always a pleasure to read it. My salute to you and all folks here for their views, insights and contributions.

Hello Dcrs,

the fact that you were unable to contribute to the blog due to the pandemic is not important, what is more important at this moment is your health and the health of your family. There are a thousand diseases, but only one health. Therefore, we should do something for our health every day, so as not to sacrifice a lot of time for our illness one day.

Thank you for your great praise, which makes me very embarrassed, but a successful blog is not dependent on the author, but only on the people and subscribers who bring this blog to life. If this blog helps some traders lose less money, the long hours of work will definitely have paid off.

As you know, this blog was created accidentally, in which I only wanted to create a trader diary two years ago. It is not because of me that this blog is so popular, but rather because, with creative ideas, this blog closes a gap in retail that has not existed before. My professional success has always been based on presenting complicated issues as simply as possible. This property developed out of necessity. I first had to visualize many complicated issues in order to understand them in concrete terms. From this pictorial representation then creative ideas developed, which led to a successful further development and gave me a market advantage. And successful trading is only based on a market advantage or a head start. Those who first know what is happening in this market can use it to generate the fastest entries and exits. And that is my only aim.

I wish you a lot of strength, health and hope that we will soon be through this pandemic.

best regards

Michael

--- 帖子 #1415 ---
Moin Michael.

I really like to see your examples on live trades.

I m playing since weeks with the stockmarket data but I m still not keen with it.

There was clearly a strong buy at a 1M or 30 Seconds chart on a upper small range what should give a BO for a couple of pips.

Price started hesitating and went down for some pips.

Meanwhile I use a keyboard and hotkeys for faster trading what gave me the advantage to close my long order within seconds and open a short order.

My question is:

How to filter out in Bid/Ask Delta the fake outs or better said the long trigger because I haven t seen lome limit sell orders claced there before.

Regards

Guido

--- 帖子 #1416 ---
PS:

Got it, my expectation was a bit higher to have a clearer view.

I expected 100+ contracts buy and 150+ contracts sell to overcome the price and come lower.

I guess this come with the experience after the years

--- 帖子 #1417 ---
Hello Sesamstrasse,

what is the Name of the Software you are using?

Best regards,

Renko

--- 帖子 #1418 ---
Clearly without doing any kind of marketing here, it is ATAS.

--- 帖子 #1419 ---
Danke!

--- 帖子 #1420 ---
the sellers are already coming

--- 帖子 #1421 ---
as always says Bionics the big player

and he's right

--- 帖子 #1422 ---
I received the same email.

I must say never heard about this data provider and besides that the platform and the data feed for 1usd *THE FIRST MONTH* but you can cancel anytime they said...

I stick with Michael about data provider CQG is my favorite BUT nocommercial or sugestion of nothing here as Michael always says do your diligence/home work.

--- 帖子 #1423 ---
I am not promoting this ting at all i just wondered if anyone have used them and if they are any good,but if the price is 99 dollars after first month its to much for me....

PM:I will remove the post so nobody thinks i promote this

--- 帖子 #1424 ---
Do not worry FXsniper none of us here is promoting any product, as Michael always says wich one must find and fulfill their personal needs...

But for those who are not able to afford the platform every month and more data feed I personal would give a try for just 1usd and then cancel, but anyway as you I am not promoting nothing no either recommending.

Each one must decide what to do as 8f was a trade decision...

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1425 ---
The law of the market economy

Hello dear subscribers,

There are many providers in the forex and stock market that offer software, data feeds, indicators, EA's, training courses or trading signals. Many offers are unnecessary, too expensive, or fraudulent. How do I find the best product for me now? In order to explain the optimal procedure, let's first look at an example of how to find a good winter tire.

When driving, the tire contact area, i.e. the area that touches the road, is only about the size of a palm. These few centimeters have to carry a car weighing several tons and protect the most important content, humans, from unpleasant accidents. For this it is important to use a high quality tire. How do I find the best winter tire now? All-weather tires are out of the question because they are comparable to a duck. The duck can run, fly and swim, with certain restrictions. But she can't swim, run, or fly well.

Interestingly, there are many test reports from different winter tires, some of which are sponsored by tire manufacturers. Everything is analyzed, liability in snow, liability in ice, liability in water, liability in dry conditions, abrasion, rolling noise, guarantee, price and much more. Then points are awarded and there is a winner and a loser. Depending on the weighting of the points, every winter tire can theoretically be named the winner.

I am only interested in the grip and braking distance in wet, snow and ice. From this I create the best winter tire for me. As soon as I have filtered out the best winter tire, it is about the price comparisons. I always buy my winter tires in midsummer and my summer tires in winter. Since our market always responds to the subject of supply and demand, I can save up to 50%.

The time required for this saving is limited, the only disadvantage is that you have to buy the tires half a year before using them. But when it comes to saving, this disadvantage also works in my favor. Of course, this procedure also works with the topic: data feed, stock exchange software, brokers and many other things in everyday life.

If you are interested in a data feed, you should first research the Internet. If we assume that there are 10 different data feeds, then one can assume that 20% are expensive, 60% on average and 20% are inexpensive. First of all, it is important to determine an average price for a product. But the decisive factor is not the price, but the performance. What is the use of a cheap data feed that fails permanently or provides me with inaccurate values? That is why the optimal price-performance ratio is the decisive factor.

The Internet provides this information, although you should neglect the first results on Google, since it is usually only paid advertising. First, look for comparisons or warnings about certain products. Of course, good products sometimes have bad ratings, but good products always prevail. The book Harry Potter has a 5-star rating, although some of the 10,000 ratings have also given negative votes. When you buy something, you should first know exactly what you need. You should have the necessary expertise to do this. If you do not have the necessary specialist knowledge, you can look at the recessions of experts and thus form an opinion more quickly. This takes some time, but prevents money loss by making a decision too quickly.

There is an interesting law of business that the English writer and social philosopher John Ruskin created many years ago.

There is hardly anything in the world that not anyone can make a little worse and sell a little cheaper, and people who only focus on price become the just prey of such people. It is unwise to pay too much, but it is even worse to pay too little. If you pay too much, you lose some money, that's all. On the other hand, if you pay too little, you sometimes lose everything because the item purchased cannot perform its intended purpose. The law of the economy forbids to get a lot of value for little money. If you accept the lowest offer, you have to add something for the risk you take. And if you do that, you have enough money to pay for something better.

For this reason, you should always try to find the best price-performance ratio. For some it is the most expensive, for the second the best quality, for the third the cheapest for the fourth the easiest handling and so on. It is crucial that you are satisfied with your decision for the next few years and can look forward to it every day.

I wish you always make the right decisions.

best regards

Michael

--- 帖子 #1426 ---
Auction Market Theory and Market Profile

Hello Kette,

it is nice to see that we are all pursuing the same goal and that everyone is successful in their own way. You are very professional and I am sure that you will achieve your personal goals. I think it's great that you also program your own indicators for your software, which give you a huge market advantage. These experiences are an invaluable asset for many traders who have not yet found their way. One can achieve a lot alone, together with others one can achieve everything.

I wish you a nice weekend

best regards

Michael

--- 帖子 #1427 ---
thanks for your nice words

I follow your analyzes very interestingly

Have a nice Weekend

--- 帖子 #1428 ---
4D strength method

[quote=Sesamstrasse;12882834]Moin Michael. I really like to see your examples on live trades.

Hello Guido,

First of all, I would like to congratulate you on taking on this not easy challenge. It takes some time to have stock market data translated by a prop software. The problem here is the infinite number of possibilities that arise with the filter settings. First of all, I would concentrate on limit orders as they determine the future course of the market. Sell market orders runs in buy limit orders and  buy market orders runs in sell limit orders. The stock market data initially only show us the market orders. But we know that a market order can only be activated if it is simultaneously accepted by a limit order. This can be used to represent a limit order by simply swapping the color. So if a buy market order (green) runs into a sell limit order (red), I can display the limit orders by changing the color. This creates a small challenge. If 100 lot buy market orders are accepted by sell limit orders, you have to assume that not all sell limit orders belong to a single big player. The big players usually use triggered stops to fill their limit orders. Therefore, the market orders must first be sorted according to triggered stops in order to present them as decisive limit orders. Then the limit orders must be assigned to individual big players. First of all, this is a bigger challenge that we have already dealt with. The main thing here is to determine a future market direction with the decisive limit orders. The short-term movements can then be determined relatively easily using the 4D strength method described.

Act in the eye of the tornado

There is an exception if a big player makes volume available to himself that he absorbs with his own limit orders at the same time. This procedure does not initially show a clear direction of the big player, which can, however, be determined with a certain delay. This can then be used to derive specific price levels that show us exactly where the future course is headed. This "own liquidity strategy" has only been used increasingly since the beginning of the Corona crisis and it will still take some time before the big players have developed a concrete strategy from it. However, this procedure is very easy to identify and just as easy to act on. For this reason, I hope that this strategy will become an integral part of the big player strategy in the future.

In this market, we will never be able to specifically determine which goal is being pursued with market orders and limit orders. But even if our assumptions are only 50% correct, this will significantly improve the probability of winning and at the same time reduce losses. Another advantage is the market advantage. If, in the second half of an equilibrium, ask was increasingly collected with buy limit orders, the price trend is set up. The question is whether long traders with a stophunting have to be switched off beforehand or whether the price goes up immediately. However, this can often be seen from the big players' market orders. A residual risk will always remain, but with very small stops of 1-2 pip a manageable risk.

I wish you a nice weekend and not so much stress for the next 6 weeks of your project.

best regards

Michael

--- 帖子 #1429 ---
Why candles don't work properly in retail

Hello dear subscribers,

As a beginner, you may know this situation. The price suddenly rises quickly and you would like to take the possible breakout with you. You entry in the middle of the movement, but due to the lack of liquidity, you only get into the market at the end of the big bull candle. As soon as you are in the market the price turns, runs down sharply and you are stopped. You are angry because you were hoping for a breakout and you want to make up for your loss. The price is a new low and it is assumed that the price will now go down more. That's why you spontaneously opt for a short trade. The price actually runs down a bit and you make another short trade to make up for the loss faster. The price stops first and an equilibrium is created. After that, the price slowly goes up, while there are ever stronger down moves in between. These stronger moves down give hope that the trend could continue further down. That is probably why they were ready to pull the stop a bit as the price went higher. Suddenly there was a stronger upward movement and then the price went up 40 pip. The total loss was now as high as if you lost 7 single trades.

The big problem is the candles currently emerging on the market, these often give us the wrong signals, which we also instinctively follow. The biggest delusion is the simple representation of candles by brokers. No matter what time unit we are in, if we look at a past upward trend, we usually see more green candles than red candles, a downward trend shows more red candles than green candles. Green candles show a demand market, red candles show a supply market and dojis show an equilibrium. However, this is a big mistake. The candle gives us traders the wrong truth, which is why the big players rarely work with candles.

Candles are created based on a time-dependent random principle and in the M1 every broker has different candles. An EA based on two moving averages will therefore always achieve different results in the same chart with different brokers. Another factor is the fact that most of the retail traders do not trade in the Forex market at all, but only on a personal platform of the respective broker. Although he receives the Forex price data from a bank, he can pass it on to his customers in various forms. As a rule, trading is carried out on the broker platform, with the broker protecting itself against losses. If 1000 lot short positions and 1500 lot long positions have been placed within a currency, the broker only needs a 500 lot long hedge with the relevant bank to hedge. This means that 2000 lots do not even appear in the real forex market. With ECN brokers it looks different because they forward the relevant trades directly to the Forex market through their bank. This procedure alone can lead to different candle representations.

Many traders get in with a candle movement, green candle long, red candle short and these are typical mistakes that the big players use in their favor. Volume in the form of market orders that meet liquidity in the form of limit orders are the only reason for price movements within a certain time. So the price is the result of volume and liquidity. The time is only a variable factor for the consideration. In the Forex market we only have the time and the price and therefore only the result within a given time (M1, M5 ...). It is crucial to know how the market orders behave compared to the limit orders, and this can only be seen if you receive liquidity volume data. For this reason, I try to largely refrain from displaying candles and to develop modules that show me the strength of market sell orders, market buy orders, limit sell orders and limit buy orders. Time doesn't matter to me, price ist important. I have written a detailed article that I would like to refer to again here.

Bionics 4D strength method

When we see a green candle, we think the market is going up because green means there are more buyers than sellers. But first we should examine this statement in more detail. Market buy orders (ask volume) run into limit sell orders (bid liquidity). When 1 Lot Market Buy Order enters the market, it will be accepted by 1 Lot Limit Sell Order at the same time. If the market is just starting, there are now 2 orders in the market. The market buy order should go up as far as possible, the limit sell order should go down as far as possible. So at this moment there is a buyer and a seller in the market. In a current market, however, it is no longer so easy to determine how many orders, buyers or sellers are actually still in the market.

A green candle is created when the euro is bought or the dollar is sold. And that is a crucial difference. Let us assume that a price has gone down more strongly and a new low has formed. Suddenly a strong green candle emerges. If this candle was created because a market participant bought the euro heavily, the subsequent course of the price is more likely to be bullish than if a market participant sold the dollar at that time. If a market participant gets out of the dollar, he needs Ask. This Ask runs in the sell limit orders and automatically ensures that the price rises. Provided that the orders are large enough to break through the liquidity of the limit orders. If a green candle is formed by a larger market participant getting out of the dollar, it automatically means that he will be out of the market afterwards. With his exit he made sure that a green candle was formed, but it is very likely that he will not invest another Ask to push the price higher.

However, this would be a big exception, since most big players generate their entries and exits almost exclusively via limit orders. Let's stick to the same case. A new low was formed and suddenly a green candle emerged. Then the price jumps upwards and another strong green candle is created.

What could have happened here?

The price was in a downward trend and the big player noticed that too many market participants were short. In order to eliminate these market participants, he has to stop them. To do this, he first buys the euro, pushes the price up and catches the first stops of the short traders. Then a chain reaction occurs. The triggered stops ensure that the price continues to go up and thus trigger further stops that push the price up. The big player waits at this point and absorbs these stops with its limit sell orders previously placed on the market. If necessary, he adds further limit orders via the iceberg orders in order to completely absorb these stops. So he got another cheaper price. As soon as the short traders are out of the market, the big player pushes the price further down.

Let us consider briefly how these two green candles came into being. The first candle was created because the big player bought the euro and pushed the course into the first stops. The second green candle was created because the stops of the short traders were triggered. That means the dollar was selling heavily at that moment. If a price increase is realized due to a dollar sale, there is no basis for an upward price trend. Because to realize a profitable trade upwards, you first need ASK, or buy the euro. Since this was not the case in this case, a long trade could lead to a larger loss. It is precisely for this reason that it is important to know why a green or red candle is created.

Of course I also work with a candle chart (Bionic candle), but only to understand the pricing more quickly. A green candle is initially neutral for me, until I find out whether it is a euro buy or a dollar sale. I only get this information in the stock exchange market. We now know that the big players work almost exclusively with limit orders for their entry and exit and use the market orders to push a price into the first stops, which then trigger a chain reaction. There is an exception if you provide yourself with liquidity, I have already written about this in great detail. Here is the article:

Own liquidity for the big players

Let's stick to the example described, the price is now pushed down by the big player and this triggers the stops of the long traders who started the new up trend with the strong green candle. The big player is now using these stops to get out of his dollar position. Then an equilibrium is created, where the big player first dissolves his remaining dollar position. Another big player is now using this equilibrium to collect a certain number of bid or ask and then push the price in the corresponding direction. And then the same game repeats itself over and over again.

With candle formations it was possible to trade profitably in earlier stock market times, but with the way big players and high-frequency traders work, this is becoming increasingly difficult. Spoofing in the area of limit orders and the use of iceberg orders creates a false representation of supply and demand. The permanent stop hunting for available volume to fill the limit orders changes the structure of the individual candles considerably. A green candle often contains more Bid than Ask and a red candle contains more Ask than Bid. Even with a footprint chart where Bid and Ask stand side by side, the market cannot be analyzed because Bid and Ask have nothing to do with each other. Limit sell orders only cooperate with the market buy orders and limit buy orders only with the market sell orders.

The price is solely the result of this cooperation. And the candle is nothing more than the result of the price. So a candle is just a result, how this result came about is not clear in the Forex market. Anyone who deals with mathematics knows that a result can always be calculated from different factors. And these factors are a crucial point in order to be able to derive possible derivations from them. However, a candle will never be able to help us. However, this proportionality should be considered in order to act profitably.

For the casual trader, the candle is a great way to quickly grasp the market. The brokers benefit from this because a trader would like to have it as simple as possible. The fact that over 90% of traders lose shows that the current representation of the candles is a truth that does not really exist. If you turned the candles exactly, it could lead to a higher success. However, this is pure speculation. Over the years, attempts have been made to improve the appearance of the candles. In principle, Heikin-Ashi is a Japanese representation of price development, similar to candlesticks. Heikin-Ashi was rediscovered in 2003 and means something like balance. It is a type of candle, which shows the prices modified by smoothing them. The advantage of this form of presentation is that trends can be identified more quickly and without tools. After what we know about the candles today, it is only a tool to feel better, I see no concrete advantage due to the lack of information.

The Bionic Candle that I developed should also not be used for entry or exit in the trade, but it has the advantage of conveying faster information. This is crucial to identify the key candle for stophunting. These zones help to determine a possible reversal point in the trend. The decisive factor is the reaction in the area of market and limit orders in order to make a specific trading decision.

Now you could only try to change the scaling of the charts. We would have two options here: In addition to linear chart scaling, charts could also be scaled logarithmically. While the linear chart scaling always refers to absolute numbers, a percentage price movement, in the logarithmic representation, always corresponds to the same distance of the price in the chart. This prevents distortion. However, this also means that we cannot avoid the main problem of the candle.

A friend of mine trades with the same broker as I do, if we work with the same tickchart in the Forex market, different candles are created by the same broker. In the stock market we always have exactly the same information, this are important points that decide between profit and loss. A candle consists of two dimensions: price and time, a market profile in the stock market consists of three dimensions: price, time and volume. The fourth dimension is limit orders and in my eyes the fastest way to capture the market in concrete terms.

Conclusion:

A candle is still the most common representation for analyzing a course or drawing resistance zones. Most Forex indicators are calculated from the price and the time and are basically lagging behind the price. The price is ultimately only the result of the cooperation between market and limit orders. This important information is not available in the Forex market. This automatically brings incorrect information for the individual traders. However, the candle / price in the forex market is the fastest information. Indicators are always lagging and should therefore not be the basis for a trading decision. Since the candle is calculated from the price and the price is only a result, the candle should not be used for a trading decision. Of course there are profitable traders in the Forex market who can successfully trade with candles or indicators. However, this is less due to the specific information that the candles or indicators provide, but more to the many years of experience of these successful traders. There is only one way to trade more profitably: You have to look into the candle but you only get this information with stock market data. Trading on the forex market is a smart way, but only with real stock market data. That is the future for me.

I wish you a great weekend

best regards

Michael

--- 帖子 #1430 ---
As my first post on this thread wanted to first congratulate Michael for his impressive posts. The quality of the ideas shared, backed by a data driven testing methodology is top notch. Thank you for sharing, this is a refreshingly thought provoking thread that should advance each traders orderflow knowledge regardless of skill level.

A couple of years back, as an orderflow trader, i set out to compare the "quality" of the data provided by the major data services. My primary focus was on the quality of the data. Quality was defined as the most "raw" and "unfiltered" executed order data. The testing included CTS, CQG, Rithmic, Transact, and TT(tested later). The conclusion was that all the data providers were equivalent in quality of data with the exception of Transact. The Transact data was clearly filtered when larger market orders were filled over various price levels. No idea why Transact chooses to "filter" this data, but for my testing purposes it had to be discarded. While there are other consideration besides "quality of data", the four providers above can at least be trusted in this regard.

Interestingly, while the millisecond timestamps of the T&S for each data provider were checked to gauge "speed", an attempt to reconstruct larger order as Michael has done in this thread was not attempted. This would be interesting. For those wanting a deeper dive into this question, straight from the source itself: https://www.cmegroup.com/confluence/...ing+Algorithms . (the four bullets under CME GLOBEX Matching Algorithms are worth a read).

Best,

N.

Edit to merge posts:

I scream this from the top of every mountain i visit.

All price movement is the result of the battle within the book between Market orders vs Limits orders. Price movement is the consequence. Orderflow is the causation.

--- 帖子 #1431 ---
Big player algorithms

[quote=Nik-Nyc;12885195]As my first post on this thread wanted to first congratulate Michael for his impressive posts. The quality of the ideas shared, backed by a data driven testing methodology is top notch. Thank you for sharing,

Hello Nik-Nyc,

Welcome to our blog: Equilibrium, a key to success and thank you for your introductory words. I find your results on the data quality of the most important data feed providers very interesting. This information will help many traders who will deal with stock market data in the future. However, it essentially depends on which software the stock market data is translated with. The respective software providers usually provide information about the individual differences in the data feeds. CQG uses a new CME data format that adds volume data while Rithmic has not yet done so. With Rithmic you can use up to 5 different trading platforms simultaneously with your account, while at CQG you have to pay extra for each separate login. The question is always what information a trader needs to achieve his goals.

The price is ultimately only the result of the cooperation between market and limit orders.

Nik-Nyc: I shout that from every mountain I visit.

You are absolutely right with your statement, but many traders do not want to hear this because they do not want to work with stock market data or do not yet see the advantages at the current time. 2 years ago someone tried to convert me on this blog. In principle, we both did not understand each other because everyone lived in their own world. At that time I was trading profitably in the Equilibrium and saw no reason to leave my comfort zone.

Many traders want it to be as straightforward as possible and believe that the market is easy. After I exchanged ideas with a high-frequency dealer and got to know the technology and procedure, I realized what was actually going on in the background. These professional traders work with a 99% success rate and make significantly higher profits than losses. I became aware that for many years I was only lucky enough to trade in the Equilibrium, because the big players initially collected their bid and ask there and there was no reason for extreme stophunting. So I focused on how big players work to learn their strategies and follow them. That was my motivation because I saw a clear advantage for myself at that moment.

Most traders, like me at the time, live in their world and see no reason to change their situation. A person learns only from pain or insight, I was lucky enough to forego the pain. A trader is often only ready to change something when it is already too late. Then, however, there is no longer enough time or money to get back into a profitable area. For this reason, I have decided to deal only in this blog with my topics.

The traders who are ready to start a change process will find many ideas and clues in this blog. I see my task less in convincing people of my ideas and more in finding traders who are willing to go the same way. However, this willingness should be based on intrinsic motivation. The identification of the big player algorithms is a very complex challenge that can only be achieved together. At Forex Factory, 17% of all traders in the world are gathered, the probability is very high to find traders who have a similar goal.

Your way of working and your knowledge coincide in many areas with our approach, which could lead to an interesting exchange.

I wish you a nice weekend

best regards

Michael

--- 帖子 #1432 ---
Which is stronger, market orders or limit orders?

Hello dear subscribers,

As we have noted, most retail traders do not know why the market they are trading in is moving. However, this is an essential aspect in order to be profitable in the long term. Today's article is about understanding the order flow better and examining two important statements that are conveyed in the market.

1. Market orders move the market, limit orders stop the market.
2. The market moves when more buyers than sellers or sellers are active as buyers.

These statements have burned themselves into the brains of stock market traders over the past 20 years and I would like to show today that these statements are only partially correct. This automatically gives the answer to our question: which is stronger, market orders or limit orders? This answer is a crucial point to concentrate on the essential things in the market.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

A market is determined by supply and demand and the price moves because the market sell orders (point A) run into the limit buy orders (point B) and the market buy orders (point C) into the limit sell orders (point D ) to run. The iceberg orders (point E) lie behind the limit orders and can be replenished if necessary by the big player algorithms in order to absorb further market orders. These facts are known, we have already spoken about them in detail.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here we see another simplified illustration. The market sell orders (point A) run into the limit buy orders (point B). The first level of limit buy orders in the DOM is the best bid. The market buy orders (point C) run into the limit sell orders (point D). The first level of limit sell orders in the DOM is the best ask. The spread lies between the best ask and the best bid. This spread changes if in a current price, new limit orders are not immediately formed , in the best AsK or Bid. This creates small or larger gaps that are not visible in most cases because they take place inside a candle. First of all, we should think of Point A and B as a car that goes down a mountain, Point C and D being a car that goes up a mountain.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

First we see a red car on the left that wants to drive down. We have to think of the market sell orders at point A as the accelerator pedal of the car. The limit buy orders, we have to think of as the brake of the vehicle. On the right we see a green car that wants to drive up. The market buy orders at point A, we have to imagine as the accelerator pedal of the car. The limit sell orders, we have to think of as the brake of the vehicle.

Let us now assume that the price is on the best bid side. Now 100 Lot Market Sell Orders come into the market, which meet the Limit Buy Orders. If there are now 10 lots on ten levels of the limit buy orders, the 100 lot market sell orders, these ten levels will literally eat up and the price will go down 10 ticks. This means that the market sell orders were at full throttle and the limit buy orders were unable to stop this market sell order.

Now we put the brake on by placing 101 lots on the first level of limit buy orders. The 100 Lot Market Sell Orders now run into the Limit Buy Orders and initially absorb 100 Lot. Now there is still 1 lot on the Limit Buy Order side and since there are no further market sell orders, the price was slowed down. The same example could also be explained with the market buy orders, whereby the vehicle would go up here. So we recognize that we can accelerate the vehicle using the accelerator pedal (market orders) and brake the vehicle using the brake (limit orders). So far, the statement is correct that market orders can move the market and limit orders can stop the market.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Let's ask ourselves two very strange questions. Can you also brake a vehicle with an accelerator pedal and is it possible to accelerate the vehicle with a brake?

From a physical point of view, this is not possible at first, but let us first consider some aspects.

Accelerate with the brake pedal

When a vehicle drives down a slope and you first brake it, it comes to a standstill. If you now release the brake, the vehicle will accelerate due to gravity. Now one would theoretically be able to control the acceleration of the vehicle with a brake.

Braking with the accelerator

When a vehicle drives up a mountain, you have to accelerate first. As soon as I reduce the accelerator pedal force, the vehicle slows down until it may come to a stop. Now you would theoretically be able to control the braking of the vehicle with the accelerator pedal. Even on a straight road, an accelerator pedal would be able to bring a vehicle to a standstill. Let us assume that the vehicle moves slowly forward on an ice surface. You shift into reverse and accelerate slowly. Now the tires on the ice turn in the opposite direction and would theoretically be able to brake the vehicle.

This example should first clarify to us that to a certain extent you can slow down a price with market orders and accelerate a price with limit orders.

How does that work in reality.

Let's say a market is going down and is suddenly stopped by a big player's limit orders. As soon as the big player deletes his limit orders, the market accelerates further downwards. This means that even with limit orders, a big player is able to accelerate or slow down a market.

Let's say that a big player pushes the price up sharply with market orders. Further retail traders follow and help to push the price higher. Suddenly the big player stops his market orders investments, which will slow the price. Now he starts trading a large number of market orders in the opposite direction. As a result, he would be able to completely slow the course upwards. This means that even a big player is able to accelerate or slow down a market with market orders.

The strategies of the big players are controlled using algorithms and ensure that limit and market orders work together at the same time. This results in considerable advantages that the big player can use for himself.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Over the course of a day, we keep seeing that a price suddenly moves up or down quickly without investing a large number of lots. One inevitably wonders how that is possible. The answer lies in programming the big player algorithms.

Let's look at an example. At point A, the big player begins with market buy orders to push the price into the first stops. The subsequent stops are used to push the course further up. The destination is Point C because most stops are suspected there.

The following situation arises at point B. First of all, the big player invests a relatively small number of brand buy orders. When the price was at point A, the big player had already occupied all levels of the sell limit orders between point B and point C. Now the price was at point B. The moment the big player invested his market orders, he also deleted his previously created sell limit orders so that his own market buy orders were able to move upwards. At the same time, the algorithms ensured that strong limit buy orders were placed in the market in order to hedge the price downwards. Now the short traders' first stops were caught and pushed the price further up. The big player now absorbed this ask with his sell limit orders previously placed on the market and was thus able to sell his euro. After that, the market went up a little further, with the big player using this Ask to buy the dollar.

We therefore recognize that the algorithms are optimally coordinated to enable the big player with a small number of lots, large price jumps to catch the first stops. The big player is thus able to achieve the highest possible returns with the least effort.

Now we come to the next statement. The market moves when there are more buyers than sellers or sellers as buyers. This statement is conditionally correct, because let's assume that we have a large number of buyers who place a large number of market buy orders on the market. However, at this price level there is a big player who, with large limit sell orders (iceberg orders), absorbs the complete number of market buy orders. Then we may have a higher number of buyers, but the price doesn't move. Likewise, it would be wrong to say that if there are more buyers than sellers, prices go up and if there are more sellers than buyers, prices go down. The decisive factor here is the interaction between market orders and limit orders that meet.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In our example we compared the market orders with the accelerator pedal of a vehicle and the limit orders with the brake. Let's first look at what happens in a burnout when we compare the strength of the advance with the brake. In the event of a burnout, the car stops on the spot while the tires turn very quickly. The resulting friction between the tire and the road heats up the rubber, which starts to smoke.

So we recognize first. that the brake is much stronger as the accelerator. If we now transfer this to the market, it becomes clear that the limit orders are far superior to the market orders. This is primarily due to the fact that the big players regulate their entries and exits via limit orders in most cases.

Conclusion:

The price moves because the market sell orders run in the limit buy orders and the market buy orders run in the limit sell orders. The big players collect their ask and bid in the form of limit orders (iceberg orders), as these can hardly be identified in the market. This allows the big players to collect in peace without the majority of traders noticing. The market orders are primarily used to trigger the first stops of retail traders in order to provide themselves with liquidity. Exceptions arise as soon as a big player makes his own liquidity available. Basically, it is correct that market orders move the market, but we should be aware that market orders are also able to stop the market to a certain extent. Basically, it is correct that limit orders can stop the market, but we should be aware that limit orders are also able to move the market.

The fact that the big players primarily work with limit orders leads us to the conclusion that the limit orders are significantly stronger than the market orders. I would even go one step further and make the claim that the limit orders are really moving the market and not the market orders.

If a big player collects a large number of ask during an accumulation phase, it is predictable over a period of time that the price will go up. If a big player collects a large number of bids in a distribution phase, it is foreseeable that the price will then go down. This means that the limit orders specify the medium and long-term price trend. The strong price movements in the market arise primarily from triggered stops by retail traders in order to provide the big players with the appropriate liquidity. Therefore, focusing on market orders is not conducive to long-term profits. In my opinion, the volume trader belongs to an extinct species because it constantly receives incorrect information even in the future market. The future belongs to the liquidity traders who are able to determine the current liquidity of the big players. Because only liquidity shows an experienced trader the future course of the price.

The identification of liquidity is a major challenge because the individual algorithms of the big players must first be decrypted and assigned to the cumulative market orders. The individual strength of the respective market and limit orders based on my 4D strength analysis is very helpful. Additional support can be obtained by identifying the key candle in the Stophunting and the currency strength from the Forex market.

These different tasks will continue to occupy us for the next few months in order to better identify the algorithms of the big players and to derive even more concrete trading advantages from them. The road is hard and rocky and we are making slow progress, but in the end we will say it was worth it.

I wish you a nice Sunday and a successful start to the new trading week

best regards

Michael

--- 帖子 #1433 ---
Finally, after doing hours of reasearch, you have found this gold nuggest. Hats off to you.

I agree with you based on my own random personal experience. But you have finally hit the nail.

The fact that the big players primarily work with limit orders leads us to the conclusion that the limit orders are significantly stronger than the market orders. I would even go one step further and make the claim that the limit orders are really moving the market and not the market orders.

--- 帖子 #1434 ---
May I know if you have done any research or have experience on delaying of orders when trading in seconds?

I would appreciate if you can share your ideas on the practicability of delaying trades or putting ticks into a sleep mode for some period or even days .

Thank you

--- 帖子 #1435 ---
Limit orders versus market orders

Hello simnz,

First of all, thank you for your approval of the last post. Indeed, it is very time-consuming to carry out research in addition to daily trading. As we found out at the weekend, also the CME  prefers the larger cumulative orders to smaller limit orders when filling limit orders. This would mean that a retailer who places 2 lots in the form of limit orders is always at a disadvantage compared to a big player who has placed 60 cumulative limit orders. This approach would partially make it not necessary to occupy a limit or early occupancy at higher price levels, since the big player is always given priority. We will research this in more detail and inform you as soon as possible. This is already the case in the Forex market, because we should always ask ourselves who produces 85% of the turnover. These are 12 banks and these 12 banks also decide who is primarily served. This is actually logical, because whoever has the house rights will always have an advantage. However, this only applies to limit orders. The following applies in the market orders area: First come, first serve. However, since the market orders are used almost exclusively by retail traders, the big players do not care, but the fight takes place in the limit orders and there the big players have a clear advantage. You will only get into the market faster in the limit area, compared to a market order, if it is an area that is not decisive for the big players. Therefore, market orders for retail traders could actually enable faster market entry. It is crucial to enter the market with a big player at the same time before pushing the price up or down. You can only do this if you keep an eye on the strength of limit orders and the strength of market orders.

I wish you a successful trading week.

best regards

Michael

--- 帖子 #1436 ---
Whistleblower / MAD World

Hello dear subscribers,

With my last article that I posted on Sunday, I seem to have struck a nerve with some traders, which has caused them to react differently.

Which is stronger, market orders or limit orders?

First of all, I would like to emphasize that the vast majority of traders have reacted very positively to this contribution, I would like to thank you for this. But there were also clear hints that I had already revealed too many secrets, which would significantly reduce my market advantage and that I should therefore consider discontinuing this thread. Some others expected me to publish my complete filter setting in the form of templates to make it accessible to the people concerned. This prompted me to choose a heading that I have used in the past for a post. I recommend reading this post again to get a little closer to the big players.

Mad world

It's actually a crazy world, if someone posts on Forex Factory posts that are utter nonsense, the majority are expected to stop these posts so as not to misinform traders. When someone posts something that comes very close to a possible truth, there are also people who expect to stop it so that they don't have to give up a possible advantage.

I asked this writer to post his message to me on my blog. He wrote back to me that he would not do it because this blog would get even more attention and we would both get more damage from it. First of all, I can understand his approach, because if someone uses a similar advantage, he also worries that my publication will reduce his own advantage. While I have no doubt that the person who wrote to me followed a similar approach, I do not believe that they are able to get the same market overview that we are working with.

As far as I know, there are currently only one or two platforms on the market that are capable of realizing these representations. With over 1 million different filter setting options, it is also unlikely that someone will work with the same setting as me. First of all, I take his friendly request not to reveal too much as a compliment and would also like to thank the writer for this. He just meant it well and wanted to protect himself and me with it. But am I really a whistleblower and is my information so crucial to change markets?

First of all, let's take a closer look at what I have revealed in detail and what effects this could have on a market.

From the perspective of a forex or future trader who has never dealt with algorithms, this information may be new at first, but he cannot do anything with it. The reason is that the market is far more complicated than I presented in my posts. There are different data feeds, with different information that have to be intercepted in a certain way in software. Then the actual work of the different filter settings begins to identify the different algorithms. I not only work with filter settings provided by the software, but also use my own programmed filter settings. These own programmed settings are my personal trading advantage as they are tailored to my personal needs. I willnot  publish this information and I will not sell it. I only earn my money from trading and use my creativity to decipher algorithms.

Another point that is very crucial is the complexity of the market. The way big players work means that I have to optimize and adjust my filter settings every day. My posts, which I posted a few days ago, are already a thing of the past for me, since my filter settings and my optimizations have been extremely changed again. We have to be aware that this market changes every day and those who don't adapt to these changes cannot be successful in this market.

Another point is very important, there is no successful system in this market and there will never be. A profitable success always depends on a single trader if he is able, in the complexity of the market, to filter the big player algorithms in such a way that he can gain a trading advantage from them. And that will never work by putting a template on the screen to be successful. Then a Formula 1 driver would also be able to become world champion the following year with the racing car setup of the last world champion. And that is precisely what does not work because the world champion has personally tailored his setup.

I started this blog because I write my own trader diary and generate new ideas for my personal setup. The second, crucial point is to find dealers who share the same level of knowledge. These are crucial points that help me personally. Why should I stop this thread and block my own development?

Of course, I reveal some things that the majority of traders may not yet know, but we should be aware that sooner or later this knowledge will reach retail traders anyway. There are already well-known traders who have worked with high-frequency traders or big players in the past and who unfortunately sell their knowledge at a high price today. I offer my knowledge for free, I don't want to be a trainer, I don't want to sell trading signals or EAs or any templates to identify algorithms.

My information can ensure that you already have 80% of the knowledge to be successful in this market. But you have to walk the last 20% of the way yourself. This 20% of knowledge is the exact breakdown of the algorithms that make a trader trade profitably. And this 20% is my personal market advantage that I would not sell for any money in the world. This is my personal racing car setup that is tailored to me. And that's the only key to success for me.

If you first deal with the 80% and familiarize yourself more with the matter, you will be able to create your own profitable setup that will give you an incomparable market advantage. But that's the hardest and most time-consuming job. I have already pointed out that anyone who develops a working lottery generator will always use it himself and never sell it. This lottery generator can be compared to the identification of the algorithms. The big problem is that the algorithms change daily and there will never be a sustainable, functioning lottery generator. So it's an ongoing development process. First of all, it is crucial to decode the basic algorithms and then to adapt them depending on the market development.

I do not need to tell you that there are insanely clever minds on the market, especially in the field of algorithm programming, who come up with new strategies every day and make them available to the big players. My job will be to follow these algorithms to decrypt them in a short time. This is a very demanding job that I see only as a challenge. Therefore, the information I posted last week is already a thing of the past.

The aim of a trader is to orientate his knowledge as closely as possible to the present. And that's the biggest challenge in these markets. We should be aware that the markets will change even faster in the future and the algorithms will adapt even faster to different market conditions. The big players are already developing self-learning algorithms that learn from their own mistakes in order to exploit the market even more efficiently. What I'm posting here is just the tip of the iceberg and it's not because I want to conceal it, it's because I don't know yet.

I will continue to share my knowledge with you, but everyone should be aware that my knowledge is always a little behind reality. The big players have a huge head start and whoever gets a little closer to this information automatically has an advantage over 90% of most traders. I would like to emphasize again that I do not believe that my knowledge is the decisive factor for successful trading. I have my own opinion, which I propagate as long as I can. There are certainly much more successful traders at Forex Factory that I really appreciate and each of these people has their own opinion that I absolutely respect. Perhaps it is possible for me to give a little help to one or the other trader, because many statements by these traders have also helped me. I would like to thank you for this.

I hope that I was able to make my point clear to you, wish you a successful trading week and continued success

Lovely wishes

Michael

--- 帖子 #1437 ---
The trading world has no secrets. Whatever you reveal or try today has already been dwelt with earlier. It is for doers. Non doers like fake Gurus, inexperienced Techies try to trap effortless success seekers.

--- 帖子 #1438 ---
Secrets

Hello Simnz,

I generally agree with you on the statement that whatever you reveal or try today has been discussed earlier.

But this automatically results in four assumptions.

1.Technology (quantum computers, self-learning algorithms) change the markets and ensure that the big players today work with changed strategies (own liquidity). This technology didn't exist before. How could you have spoken about something that was only developed today?

2. Revelations regularly come to light, let's just think of the market manipulations by large banks that were previously unknown to the general public.

3. There are trade secrets in the market, Deutsche Bank will not publish which algorithms they work with and which strategies they use to deceive retail traders. Even the employed traders at the big players have no idea how the algorithms work. Therefore, our knowledge of their strategy is based only on assumptions. A disclosure would present facts, but so far they are still pending.

4. If everything has already been discussed, the effort to run threads and blogs would be unnecessary.

One speaks of revelations when information is made available to a mass of people that they did not have before. Of course, some people have to talk about strategies and algorithms, otherwise you couldn't develop them. In this respect, I agree with you that everything has been discussed, but the majority of traders are not yet informed about it.

Exactly for this reason, an exchange in such forums as Forex Factory is important and also helps through your good work, that many traders, lose less money. In addition, there is very little information about how the big players work. However, since they have the greatest impact on the courses, our attention should focus on how they work.

An important point that you raised is the wrong gurus who make a lot of money with the inexperience of beginners. There should be a blacklist at Forex Factory listing these scammers to protect beginners from it. For a newcomer to trading, the first thing is to lose as little money as possible. The challenge of getting the right information is also very difficult at Forex Factory. Some traders sometimes work here with very high risks, which can quickly mean the end for a beginner. Even the recommendation to test all new strategies with a demo account is not a solution. Because with real money you always trade differently than with a demo account. I think we would all have been happy back then if we had a good foundation as a beginner. In the end, we only have the time, the longer you persevere and learn, the more likely you are to become a successful trader. But that's not a guarantee.

Thank you for your statements

best regards

Michael

--- 帖子 #1439 ---
[quote=Bionics;12890414]Whistleblower / MAD World Hello dear subscribers, With my last article that I posted on Sunday...

Hi Michael

It is really sad to hear/read that one/or more person writing to you about your work here, even in these days where are people really scared and facing such hard times in the whole world.

Is not new at least for me, see what the world has become and why, the same human the are capable to do horrible things is the same able to do the amazing things for others.

I am really happy to follow your/our(as you say) blog here at FF and congrats you for your really amazing work and i am sure that a lot of friends here stand the same.

I can only ask you that if you at some point here not be able to share your work/research at FF anymore please let me know where i can keep contact with you and follow your amazing hard work, I am sorry not be able as much as i would like to be here at FF, but at this time is not possible i hope soon be able to be more active here and collaborative, but has being hard to even keeping reading the topics here at FF.

I can only congratulation to you wish all the best and say that you can count with me and I am sure a lot of other friends here.

Stay Safe

Dcrs

--- 帖子 #1440 ---
Whistleblower / MAD World

[quote=Dcrs;12892340][quote=Bionics;12890414]Whistleblower / MAD World Hello dear subscribers, With my last article that I posted on Sunday... Hi Michael  I am really happy to follow your/our(as you say) blog here at FF and congrats you for your really amazing work and i am sure that a lot of friends here stand the same.

Hello Dcrs,

First of all, thank you for your kind words. It's normal for people to react differently, and it often sounds dramatic at first.There are often translation problems too, so one see many things more dramatically than they actually are. For every trader who runs his own blog here, it is always a tightrope walk. You can't please everyone and you should always keep in mind that different mentalities meet here. Nevertheless, we should be grateful to all traders who make their knowledge available free of charge and unselfishly. I too could already benefit from many statements from different traders.

In my view there is no reason to stop or leave this blog. Forex Factory is a great platform for me to exchange ideas with great people I would never get to know in real life. In addition, this blog is an excellent opportunity for me to accelerate my own development. When I publish a certain topic, I have to deal with it in depth beforehand. Otherwise I would not do it with such intensity. In addition, I always try to present my findings very visually, which helps me to understand some things better. Although I don't claim to be right. Many statements are based only on my personal opinion and are not scientifically proven. In principle, recognized science is nothing more than what most people have agreed on. Until someday someone comes who knows better and then everyone involved has to agree again. I wrote something interesting about science 2 years ago:

Science and practice

The main sentence in this article:

Every person writes a doctoral thesis or a professorship in his life, not on paper but in his head, about things that he has been dealing with for many years. This experience is very special, it is his own science, the experience of his own life.

Every trader who has his own blog has this ability. And that is exactly our greatest opportunity to advance together in this market. Most of the discoveries and inventions were discovered by accident, but not by scientists, but by ordinary people like you and me. That should give us hope. After that, science only makes sure that very few people understand it.

I sincerely wish you that you will weather this extreme world crisis well.

best regards

Michael

--- 帖子 #1441 ---
Technology is the brain child of a human being. Who is powerful? The machine or the brain?

We are all products of different environments. I was raised in a community where nobody kept any secret or talked about it.

So I am free from any kind of delusions. This is a blessing.

I share whatever I know without bragging or expecting any compliments. It may be new interpretation or not I don't know.

Forums like FF are not being used by generous people like you.

It is being used for self-adulation, self-aggrandising rather than for self-learning or self-education.

Still it is forum where you can expect all kinds of reactions.  Including scammers. Like in real life you come across all kind of people.

Greedy or lazy people are prone to get scammed at forum or even in real life.

People have short span of attention and so posts like yours or mine do not attract readers.

Yet you and me have to carry on sharing what we know even if one among 100,000 readers gets benefitted by it.

Forum organisers are doing good job of identifying scammers and in the process sometimes even innocent people get affected.

If Deutsche Bank had such good tools, why would they lose money and close down their retail forex platform years ago.

If Warren Buffet was so good with trading, why would he lose 50% of his portfolio?

Trading is full of uncertainties. Yet you can make good money out of it.

Life is a gamble. Invisible forces as well play part.

My whole idea of encouraging you was to keep sharing your new observations. But looks like you took it otherwise.

--- 帖子 #1442 ---
Misunderstandings

Hello simnz,

First of all, I really appreciate your opinion and I am pleased that successful traders like you support this blog, I would like to thank you for that. When two people speak to each other, one can express themselves incorrectly or another can misunderstand. Due to translation and different mentalities, it can sometimes happen that two people who have the same goal and think similarly talk past each other. It often happens to me in my own language. If I have expressed myself incorrectly, I am very sorry.

Error and misunderstanding are the scourges of humanity; but they are also powerful motors of evolution.

I wish you a successful trading week.

Lovely wishes
Michael

--- 帖子 #1443 ---
Identify iceberg orders

Hello dear subscribers,

In the last year I have dealt very intensively with the stock exchange data and specific filter settings of a corresponding software. In over 3000 hours I compared all possible chart settings with different filters. Some chart views have proven their worth, and I want to go into them today.

As we know, there is a long-term, medium-term and short-term price analysis that help us traders. In the past, I was very happy to use a H4 or D1 chart to get an overview of the long-term price trend. Since I usually work with key candles to identify a possible turnaround, it usually worked well, but in many cases I was extremely wrong. The main reason for this is the current market situation. In order for the big players to work efficiently in this market, the retail traders must always be exactly in the opposite position of the big players. As soon as a large number of retail traders act in the same direction as the big players, they are forced to react.

A nice example was created on February 20, 2019. The big players had already collected a large number of limit sell orders to push the price into the gap that was still open at the time. However, the majority of retail traders also assumed this and positioned themselves short. That's why the big players sold their short positions to retail traders at short notice, built up ASK positions at the same time and then pushed the price up sharply. Here you can read the article again:

Strong Buy Limits on Thursday

At the time, I could have sworn the price would go lower to close the open gap, but the big players used February 20 to switch positions. For me this is a crucial point why a long-term price forecast can never work. While many retail traders are looking for the least resistance, the big players do the opposite. You are looking for the path of greatest resistance, because the more retail traders are short, the more an upward movement is worthwhile in order to obtain the necessary liquidity. And since you can't determine from the outset how retail traders will position themselves during the day, a long-term price movement for me is a forecast with too much uncertainty.

The long-term course analysis can be compared, for example, with a map of Germany. I compare the medium-term course analysis with a navigation device and the short-term course analysis is while driving, the current view through the windshield. Since the long-term course analysis brings too much uncertainty, I would like to concentrate exclusively on the navigation device (medium-term price analysis) and the view through the windshield (short-term price analysis) in order to efficiently achieve my goal. I have now sorted my most efficient chart views according to this.

Medium-term course analysis

In addition to the open interest and the cumulative delta, a special footprint chart that focuses on the limit order and a limit delta chart that we have spoken about a few times help me.

Short-term price analysis

The respective strength of the different market orders and limit orders quickly show a trader the current market situation. I have already written about this in detail:

Act in the eye of the tornado

The headmap is a quick way to identify big player algorithms, and you also get specific information about what is happening in the current market. Here you can find the article:

Identification of the big player algorithms

The fastest price changes are only possible in the DOM and with a time and sales list. So I focus almost exclusively on these two elements. On April 19, 2020, I showed you specifically how the big players withdraw their limit orders in order to move the price extremely in one direction with a small number of market orders. Here you can find the article:

Which is stronger, market orders or limit orders?

This is the well-known spoofing, which you should definitely take a closer look at to identify short-term price changes. I would like to show you a specific example that I also deposited with a video.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In this example we consider a small trend change (12 pip) after a stronger uptrend of 30 pip. In the video we see the movements that took place within the yellow rectangle. The price movements were not too strong at the time because initially a larger equilibrium was formed for the next 2 hours.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

As I have already shown a few times, the market sell orders (point A) run into the limit buy orders (point B). Behind the limit buy orders are the invisible iceberg oders (point C), which are added or subtracted from the limit buy orders as required. The market buy orders (point D) run into the limit sell orders (point E). Behind the limit sell orders are the invisible iceberg orders (point F), which are added or subtracted from the limit sell orders as required. For this I use a spoofing display from the DOM, which shows me the accumulated and current spoofing. Spoofing is all about how many limit orders have been added or subtracted in the waiting position, in the DOM. Special algorithms are used to facilitate identification.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Now let's start with the video sequence just before the course went down. In the M1 Forex display (Point A), it initially looks as if the price continues to go up. We can see that stronger positions were added in the area of limit buy orders (point B), while positions were subtracted in the area of limit sell orders (point C). This information initially indicates an upward movement. This is contradicted by the strength of the limit sell orders (point D), which is significantly higher than the strength of the limit buy orders (point E). At the same time, we recognize that the strength of the market sell orders (point F) is significantly greater than the strength of the market buy orders (point G). Overall, there was a short upward movement, but this was intercepted by the stronger limit sell orders. This clearly speaks for a downward movement.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Now the course begins to run downwards (Point A). We see that strong sell limit orders were added in spoofing (point B), while limit buy orders were withdrawn (point C). The limit sell orders (point D) and the market sell orders (point F) are significantly stronger. than the Limit Buy Orders (Point E) and Market Buy Orders (Point G). This clearly speaks for a further downward movement.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

At Point A we see that the course is trying to go up. However, spoofing points C and B speak against it. The limit sell orders (point D) are much too strong and there are no current market buy folders. Although these could come into the market at any time, the weakness of the limit buy orders speaks against the fact that further market buy orders come into the market. The strength of the market sell orders (point F) is significantly greater than the strength of the market buy orders (point G). That speaks for a further downward movement.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

We now see the reaction to our previous analysis. We recognize, that further limit sell orders are added (point C), while at point B more limit buy orders are deducted. The Limit Sell Orders (Point D) and Market Sell Orders (Point F) are significantly stronger than the Limit Buy Orders (Point E) and Market Buy Orders (Point G). That speaks for a further downward movement.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Point D and F is still stronger than Point E and G. In this example, we now recognize two decisive factors. The limit buy orders (point E) are getting stronger. Spoofing in the area of limit sell orders is decreasing (point C) and at the same time the reduction in limit buy orders (point B) has become smaller. Since we are close to a key candle, one could expect a trend change.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The price has now bottomed out. The market sell orders (point F) are even stronger than the market buy orders (point G), but with spoofing we can see what the big players are up to. At Point C we see that limit sell orders are already being deleted as more and more limit buy orders are added. Since our key candle has been reached, the current situation for a stronger upward movement. In slide number 1 you can see how the course developed afterwards.

First watch the video with this information and pay attention to the individual things that I have drawn attention to.

Inserted Video

Conclusion:

The fastest course information can only be obtained from the DOM and the time and sales list. This information is available in stock market data. The main thing here is how to configure and display the individual filter settings. Of course, a prognosticated course of the course is only possible from a series of different information. To do this, you have to be able to absorb and implement different information at the same time. I am aware that this presentation is very complicated to grasp, since you have to consider many factors at the same time. As we already know, the market is anything but easy, but from my point of view, these modules are best suited to accurately grasp the current situation.

The illustration shown here is over a week old and has already changed completely on my screen. A racing car setup has to be changed regularly to achieve even faster lap times. As a scalper, the short-term movements are particularly interesting to trade in the equilibrium. However, this procedure can also be used to handle larger movements. The decisive advantage is that this approach can be used to identify very good entries and exits with very small stops. The representation I am showing is far from the end goal, because the actual work is only now beginning. The goal is to optimize the filter setting with my own programs so that one can distinguish between major trend changes and pullbacks. It will definitely take a few more years, but we get a little bit further every day.

I wish you a successful trading day

best regards

Michael

--- 帖子 #1444 ---
While the formulas below offer a simple definition for icebergs, the most important characteristics is actually the gradual refreshing or stacking of the limit liquidity, never showing the full size of the intended position . Many believe it is this specific behavior that is associated with the building of a new position as opposed to exiting of a old position, which is also normally done via limit orders.

Bullish Iceberg:

Bid Volume > (10 * Average Bid depth) and Bull candle close

Bearish Iceberg:

Ask Volume > (10 * Average Ask depth) and Bear candle close

Note: some would consider the above a simple absorption and reserve the term iceberg for a significantly larger event 20X - 50X the average liquidity.

--- 帖子 #1445 ---
Work on the stock exchange at the weekend!

Hello Nik-Nyc,

Thank you for your information, I absolutely agree that adding or subtracting limit orders is not the same as building positions, because you cannot identify how many limit orders were actually executed. If you compare the market orders that were actually executed with the spoofing, you can see that the number of spoofing is significantly larger.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

If there is a massive addition of limit sell orders at a price level, one could assume a possible defense of this price level. Unfortunately, spoofing is often used to create an incorrect supply and demand ratio in the market to deceive traders. If, for example, a price rises sharply, the trader suddenly sees an above-average limit sell order in the DOM. Many now believe that the course is turning at this point. The price actually stopped there and went down a few ticks. Now other short traders were hoping for a stronger downward movement and at the same time some long traders got out. Then the big player pushed the price high and used the stops of the short traders to push the price higher. If there are such strong limit sell orders in the market and they absorb so little ask at the same time, you should always be careful. Since a big player can work with iceberg orders that absorb Ask unnoticed, he will rarely come out of cover to tell the market what he is up to. But many traders always believe what they see.

As I wrote in my last video article, the identification of limit orders including iceberg orders is a special challenge that will take some time.

Identify iceberg orders

By the way, I also have a little tip for all subscribers. The DOM and the time and sales list only work in the current stock market. Although I can call up the time and sales list retrospectively for certain periods, I then lack the DOM and spoofing. During the week, I look for distinctive points during the day that I record with a screen recorder. As a rule, the recording time is approximately one hour and requires a storage space of 5 GB at 4K. I usually record 2-3 videos, like in my last post. Then at the weekend I have enough time to analyze certain situations carefully and, if necessary, to stop or start again. This gives an enormous insight into the depth of the market and on the weekend I have enough time to analyze these striking points. I use ScreenVideo 2020, a free full version that you can download. The program is very compact, easy to use and very efficient. However, this only applies to Germany, in other countries there are certainly very good free alternatives.

This video analysis on the weekend has many advantages. During the course of the day, so much different information comes in within a short time that you cannot process all, at the same time. All decisive chart templates are stored in the video and can then be analyzed in peace. This has often helped me to better understand certain situations. Of course you can also record your own trade in order to analyze it later. There are no limits to creativity here.

Education is what is left when we forget what we have learned.

I wish you a great weekend.

best regards

Michael

--- 帖子 #1446 ---
Hi Michael,

Thanks for your reply.

The point i was trying to make is that the classic definition of an iceberg is: a massive absorption at a single price level that occurs through constantly refreshing liquidity as opposed to large resting liquidity.

You video shows a nice absorption sequence followed by sell market orders to drive the market lower. A classic play, but from what i could tell there wasn't an iceberg present.

In regards to resting liquidity, it is certainly true that important information can be learnt through its analysis. My suggestion is to view the limits at or near the inside price differently from liquidity further away. Remember, only the resting orders at/near the inside price are in immediate danger of getting filled, therefore "playing games" here can be dangerous, even for the bigger players.

Furthermore, while i certainly do not want to discourage you from the further study of limits/spoofing/pulling/stacking, i will mention that the most important data to study and understand is the executed transactions (not talking market orders). Executed orders obviously represent real money and they are therefore more indicative of the true state of the market. Luckily, there are no games in executed orders, once and order is matched and transacted its record is forever present in history.

I look forward to your continued posts. Have a great weekend.

N.

--- 帖子 #1447 ---
20% of the total volume are iceberg orders

Hello Nik,

An iceberg order is a limited buy or sell order on a stock exchange where the actual volume is not visible in the open order book, but only a small fraction of it. In addition to the total number of pieces, the peak number of pieces is defined for the iceberg order, which corresponds to the visible part of the order. After they have been fulfilled, another order with the same peak volume automatically moves in until the entire order volume has been fulfilled. This means that an iceberg order is only effective at one price level. The CME only supports two types of iceberg orders: native and synthetic.

Native iceberg orders are managed by the exchange itself. All new tranches are treated as modifications of the first order, so that the original order number is retained throughout the term of the iceberg order.

Synthetic iceberg orders are submitted by independent software providers whose infrastructure is physically separate from the exchange. These software providers split the original iceberg order, submit new tranches and track their execution. These tranches are indistinguishable from the usual limit orders of other participants.

Recognizing native iceberg orders is much easier because the order number only changes when the iceberg order has been fully processed. The big players work exclusively with synthetic iceberg orders in the stock market, which makes identification much more difficult.

A very complex analysis was carried out 8 months ago in the S&P 500 to identify iceberg orders and investigate them further. The algorithms used for this achieved an accuracy of 68%.

Result: Around 20% of the total trading volume is accounted for by iceberg orders, which can rise to 52% depending on the market situation and market environment. Over 50% of synthetic iceberg orders were canceled before they were fully executed. The synthetic iceberg orders use an average of 4 -5 tranches with an average peak of 4-5 lots. The average total volume of complete synthetic iceberg orders is between 10 and 20 lots. It is interesting to mention that the order sizes are often a multiple of 5, such as B. 10, 15 or 20.

The iceberg orders you mentioned, with a massive absorption, we find increasingly in the stock markets, they also occur in the EURUSD, but primarily through the provision of own volume. This is because in most cases the big players will only find enough volume at one price level if they are triggered stops from traders and some institutional traders, since the big players work without stops. However, stops have the peculiarity of being at different price levels, which is why the big players are forced to occupy multiple price levels with their iceberg orders in order to absorb the decisive volume of the stops. The result of many analysts who have dealt intensively with iceberg orders in recent years shows that we are dealing almost exclusively with smaller iceberg orders of 10-20 lots. That also coincides with our experience. Smaller iceberg orders are permanently abandoned in the EURUSD to hide the real interest in certain price levels in the DOM. So we have to assume that a number of iceberg orders were used in my video.

Identify iceberg orders

At the moment we have about 35 lot limit orders on one price level in the DOM, before the corona crisis we were around 70 lot per price level. This initially shows that there are significantly fewer big players on the market, which is understandable due to the quarantine regulations. The volume, on the other hand, remained the same, which resulted in higher volatility, since the limit orders could be broken faster. In this case in particular, the big players have to resort to iceberg orders to hide their interest in certain price levels.

Visible limit orders and invisible iceberg orders can only take up as much volume as the market currently provides. I see that immediately in the DOM, the time and sales list and with my liquidity profile. I absolutely agree that orders executed represent the true market situation, but at this moment that is already the past. No future forecasts can be derived from this.

Limit orders are added and deleted permanently, whereby either limit sell orders are deleted and limit buy orders are added, or limit sell orders are added and limit buy orders are deleted. In connection with the strength of the market orders and limit orders, this is the fastest way for me as a scalper to predict future movements with a very high degree of probability. We know that at CME, cumulative limit orders in the queue are given priority. This leads to the conclusion that identified, cumulative limit orders are always as close as possible to price execution. Spoofing is therefore a reliable way of optimally identifying future price defenses.

We recognize the tremendous power that the limit orders have in the market, which is why we will deal with them even more intensively over the next few months. The reason why so many traders lose is due to the ignorance of these things. To achieve a goal, we need to be able to identify the path. Together we can achieve that faster.

I wish you a nice weekend.

best regards

Michael

--- 帖子 #1448 ---
Hi Michael,

Thanks for your reply.

It appears we have a small semantics issue regarding the word "iceberg". No need to continue debating it as firstly this is your thread, and secondly, what really matters is the results of our testing & trading that help untangle the complex nature of orderflow, providing us clarity, which we can then add or apply to our edge.

While obviously executed orders are not the entire picture of the current market situation, i do believe they hold tremendous value, including forward looking value. Two simple assumptions we can make about some larger players are 1) before moving the market they prefer to be holding a sizeable portfolio of orders in that future direction, 2) Because of the size of their holdings they tend to operate on wider ranges in order to be able to wind and unwind their positions efficiently. Therefore, IMHO, properly parsing the executed order data, and identifying 1 & 2, can offer amazing insight into future forecast of price movement. Obviously this is not the only piece of the puzzle, but it's a valuable one.

There is no doubt value in the proper interpretation of the pulling and stacking of limits on both sides of the market in conjunction with the market orders firing on either side. In terms of pinpointing an exact ideal entry price/time there is no better data to use. Clear patterns exist in this two-way dance, often times with a very objectively identifiable final pirouette directly before the price movement. However, in my experience, the final trigger for entering a trade is less indicative of the total outcome of the trade than the analysis that lead up to that trade. Perhaps this difference exist when looking at something longer than a scalp, i cannot be sure.

I look forward to your continued research. Enjoy your Sunday.

N.

--- 帖子 #1449 ---
Spoofing algorithms

Hello dear subscribers,

As we already know, long-term price forecasts are not reliable and certainly cannot be read from candles. Since the big players only need the volume of retail traders and institutional traders, a current price trend is always dependent on their trading behavior. While the big players focus more on limit orders, the majority of retail traders work more with market orders. So my priority is more on limit orders.

In the DOM we can see ten levels of limit sell orders and limit buy orders. In earlier stock market times, these limit levels were a very reliable indicator of possible trend reversals, but the more market participants took advantage of this situation, the more difficult it became for the big players. In the nineties, the high-frequency traders then demonstrated how you can make a lot of money with deception. The big players then adopted some tricks from these high-frequency traders and use these tricks today to give the market a wrong picture of supply and demand.

We often experience in the market that there is an above-average number of lots at a certain limit level, which suggests to the market that the price will not be passed there. First the course runs to this zone and cannot break through it. Since the large order is not withdrawn, the market takes it seriously and now more short traders come into the market, which push the price down further. Potential long traders will exit this zone because they fear the price will go down. First the stops of the remaining long traders are triggered and the price accelerates downwards. The big player uses these stops to get out of the dollar that he has taken up with his large limit sell order. In addition, he can also sell his position to the other short traders who are now entering the market. With an invisible iceberg order, the big player stops the price down and pushes the price back up. Now the stops of the short traders are triggered and further accelerate the price. We had a similar situation this morning in EURUSD, which we will take a closer look at shortly.

First of all, this means that the visible limit orders in the DOM are not a reliable indicator in order to be able to do concrete trading transactions, since we never know whether a large visible limit order in the market is just a fake or real. Another problem is the iceberg orders, which are hidden behind the limit orders. Of course you can identify an iceberg order, but only after it has been executed. My approach, which I have been following for a few weeks, is to identify this iceberg order beforehand. In advance, that's basically possible, but the challenge is that we can only see ten price levels in the limit area. The big players are smart enough to set up their iceberg orders beforehand, so that there are certain difficulties with my idea. But there are also solutions for this.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

This morning, from 9:00 a.m. to 10:24 a.m. CET, the price has already gone up to Point A, 39 pip. Now he came to a resistance zone, which I had already drawn in the heat map. From this resistance zone, the price then went up 8 pip and there was a pullback from 14 pip to point B. After that, the price went up another 41 pip to point C until just before 12:00 CET. The video includes the course of the course in the yellow square. Let’s take a closer look at that first.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In the heat map I marked the resistance zone at point A, where the course had some difficulties getting through. At Point B, we see different filter settings in spoofing in the DOM that took place in the limit buy orders. Point C shows spoofing in the area of limit sell orders. Point D shows the visible limit sell orders and Point E shows the visible limit buy orders in the DOM.

Limit orders are deleted or added during spoofing, a special algorithm makes these changes visible. I first used the different filter settings to filter out the retail traders and smaller institutional traders. In the DOM we see that the limit orders are constantly changing. This change is also indicated by spoofing, sometimes orders are subtracted, other times orders are added. It becomes interesting for me when spoofing changes in a certain filter mode without changing the limit orders in the DOM. This allows Eisberg orders to be identified before they become active.

Another crucial point is that the big players can stop a price with the limit orders. However, they are also able to accelerate a course with it. I have already written a detailed article, I will post the link here again.

Which is stronger, market orders or limit orders?

Using algorithms, big players are able to completely remove sell limit orders from the market and at the same time push the price up with market buy orders. With this, you manage to move the market significantly with few market buy orders. This process is a permanent interplay and the algorithms are programmed exactly on it. Since up to 50% of the total volume with iceberg orders is used in the EURUSD, this process is very easy to identify with my presentation. With this, I can almost exactly determine trend reversals. Since I am often only a few seconds in the market as a scalper, it is therefore not critical that the trend reversal is sustainable. It is much more important to precisely identify the change in trend.

At Point F we see that additional orders have been added in the Sell Limit area, which made it difficult to raise the price. At Point G we see the reason for this, the price was absorbed by the limit sell orders, possibly to realize a partial exit from the euro. At Point H we see that the strength of Limit Sell Orders decreases, while the strength of Limit Buy Orders increases (Point I).

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The course has now reached the resistance zone already described. The limit sell orders are still strong (point B) the limit buy orders are gaining strength (point C). At Point D we see that a lot of limit buy orders were added in the area of spoofing, while massive orders were withdrawn on the limit sell side (Point E). Point F shows an increase in executed market buy orders. In the overview at Point G we see that more limit buy orders have been added and limit sell orders have been deducted at the same time.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The price has now broken through the resistance zone (point A). The market buy orders and the limit buy orders are significantly stronger than the opposite side (point B). At Point C someone starts buying the dollar or getting out of the euro. In spoofing, on the limit buy side, there are additional strong limit buy orders (point D). At Point E we clearly see that massive limit sell orders are being withdrawn. In addition, large market buy orders are now coming into the market, which were primarily triggered by stops (point F). At Point G you can see a nice overview in the spoofing.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The price went up a little bit and we now see at Point A that an above-average limit sell order appears in the DOM. However, at this moment we do not know whether it is a fake. At Point B we see that larger orders were added at several limit sell levels. So the larger limit sell orders don't seem to be a fake. The large addition of limit buy orders initially shows that the price is still held in this zone and that someone is willing to buy a larger number of ask. This gives me the hint that the upcoming turnaround could be a possible pullback. At Point D, we can assume that someone bought the dollar. The strength in the different orders is balanced, this is a small equilibrium. At Point F we can clearly see the little equilibrium again. The overall situation is rather bullish, with the upcoming pullback being bearish, of course.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The course is now down (point A). At point B we see that the strength in the sell area predominates. Point C shows that a large number of orders have been added to the limit sell page and at Point D we can see the sell market orders that have been executed. Point E shows the strongest level, in the Limit Buy area and first we want to check whether it is a fake. At Point F we see that in the area of limit buy orders, strong orders have been added at several price levels. These are iceberg orders. Later the course ran exactly at this point, again 41 pip up. Point G shows the stronger addition of limits sell orders. This shows how exactly you can identify specific turnarounds in advance. However, this always depends on different information, the data shown here is only a small part of my overall overview.

Inserted Video

Here is the video, take a look at it in peace and compare it with my information. There are still many interesting aspects to be seen that I could not go into in detail.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

At 14:00 CET the price then reached its high and went down. At 15:06 CET at Point A there were two strong limit buy orders in the DOM and I wanted to find out if this was a fake zone. At point B we see that strong limit sell orders have been added. The next point is very interesting. We recognize that more limit buy orders have been added to the large limit buy orders, but at the price levels below, massive limit buy orders have been subtracted. Point D shows the situation again in the overview and at Point E we can see how strong the sell limit orders were. Then the price went up a bit again. As he come back, I start a short trade in the strong buying zone. That was 20 pip in half an hour. One could clearly identify the optimal exit with spoofing.

Even if you identify an iceberg order, you still cannot draw a concrete conclusion from it. The following example is intended to support this statement. After an accumulation phase, the price is pushed up and suddenly comes into a price zone, where it is braked abruptly. We recognize that strong market buy orders are absorbed by limit sell orders. Many will now think that the price is now going down, but that is a mistake. If a big player with limit sell orders absorbs different market buy orders, there could be two reasons. He either gets out of the euro or buys the dollar. However, if it is a partial exit from the euro, there is a very high probability that the price will continue to rise as the big player still holds a euro position.

In our last slide we saw that a big player was ready to place iceberg orders on several levels. With limit buy orders you can only take market sell orders. Since I could not see any major exit from the euro before, the probability is very high that the price could then move up. And that's exactly how it happened.

Of course, trading only consists of assumptions that every trader receives based on their individual information. The more specific and precise this information is, the more precisely a trade can be carried out. When I started the spoofing project, I had no idea how accurate this information actually is. However, the filter settings still need to be significantly improved to optimize the flow of information. If I compare this procedure with a MACD or RSI strategy, my procedure is much more complicated but more precise and efficient. Whenever a simple strategy is published at Forex Factory, it attracts many traders because they hope for a quick success. If someone are ready to learn a completely new strategy, it is obvious that the old strategy was not sustainable.. This is not dramatic since one always want to improve, but a dealer should always strive to achieve an individual market advantage away from the crowd.

In addition, you should know that the more participants follow a similar strategy, the smaller the chances of winning. Unfortunately, the laws of nature forbid that you can achieve a high yield with little effort. A quick success is rarely sustainable, and to achieve sustainable success I have to be willing to invest a lot of time. We should always think about it, if the market is really that simple, wouldn't all big players work with a simple MACD, RSI or moving average strategy and save billions of dollars for their analysts and traders at the same time?

These complicated diagrams and views I taught myself  in my own study. I started doing it 1 year ago. If you really want that, you will reached it. Before that, I only traded the small movements in the Equilibrium and was lucky that the big players only collected there. However, I was unable to identify any concrete trend reversals, nor did I know exactly what was happening inside the candle. What I built my trade on was the price, but the price is only the result of Bid and Ask. So I only acted with the effect but never knew the cause. This is exactly the crucial point that distinguishes a successful trader from others. Of course, I still haven't found my concrete way with the stock market data, after a year I'm still at the beginning, but my return has doubled. That gives hope for a very promising future. But the time required for this is very high, this willingness one must bring.

I wish you a very successful trading week

Lovely wishes

Michael

--- 帖子 #1450 ---
Hi Michael,

Good analysis.  Is the above analysis on EURUSD spot forex or EUR/6E futures ? If it is spot forex how come you have 10-level DOM data ?

--- 帖子 #1451 ---
Limit order book in forex

Hello pooh123,

Welcome to our blog and thank you for your kind words. The data comes from the Euro FX 6E, the analysis relates to the Forex market, since both prices behave in parallel. There is an anonymized, central limit order book in Forex, which is maintained by EBS (Electronic Broking Services), unfortunately it is not available to the market. You can find more information about this here:

Forex versus future

In the Forex market we only receive price and time data, the volume data provided are calculated from ticks and have nothing to do with bid and ask. Therefore there is no possibility in the Forex market for a closer look at the candle. I only trade in the forex market and use the data from the stock market to make my trading decisions in forex. There are some crucial things to consider, which I describe in detail in this blog. If you are interested in this information, I recommend that you first work through this blog. It is structured chronologically and sorted according to different projects. In addition, you will find some self-developed indicators for MT4, a lot of interesting information about money management, trading in equilibrium and tips for everyday trading in forex. You may find a few ideas that will take you further.

All the best for the future

best regards

Michael

--- 帖子 #1452 ---
The interplay of algo

Hello dear subscribers,

For hundreds of years, traders have been trying to identify patterns in prices or candles in order to derive them. All attempts to date have failed and there is no decisive starting point that is worth pursuing. The most common indicator used is without a doubt the moving average. Basically, a moving average is an instrument to identify market trends, but it is a lagging indicator. He can only display a trend after it has developed and he also shows a trend that has long since ended. This automatically brings delayed market insights. The price is the result of volume and liquidity, this information is not available in Forex. Basically, all indicators are lagging behind the price, so you can not expect an advantage for a better trading decision.

The probability of winning is 1:19 in the Forex market and 1: 6 in the Future market. This means that you get a 3 times better chance of winning with stock market data. This also results in a different distribution of profits. In the Future Market, 1 winner receives the losses of 6 losers, while in the Forex Market the winner receives the losses of the 19 losers. In addition, the forex market is over 100 times larger than the future market. The Future Market offers the greatest chance of winning, the Forex Market the best profit distribution. This results in a clear result: You should trade in the Forex market, but only on the basis of the future data. I have already described this procedure in great detail in this blog.

There are 5 times as many price movements in the Forex market, because one pip (10 pipettes) corresponds to 2 ticks in the future market. Therefore, the Forex market is much more sensitive to identify the key candle for a possible Stophunting with the help of my Bionic candle and the calculation of the ZigZag movements. In addition, the currency strength in Forex is a very efficient tool, but it should be adjusted to get quick information. We do not receive this important information in the stock market.

In the future market, the heat map, the DoM, the time and sales list, the spread tape, the limit market profile and a specially filtered limit footprint chart are among my favorites. With the appropriate settings and filtering, these views enable very quick market information to identify trend reversals properly.

Exchanges have existed for over 600 years and during this period many millions of traders have searched for concrete model processes. Even with the start of computer technology, innumerable programs and indicators were developed to research these patterns. So far, no special samples have been identified in the price that were able to provide a reliable price forecast. This fact alone prompted me to look for other ways that have not yet been explored.

That was the reason why I took a closer look at the algorithms of the big players. So far we have been able to identify some patterns that have always been similar, but we still need a lot of time to get closer to these algorithms. The results so far are much more efficient than working with indicators in the Forex market. The big players determine the market, use the limit orders for their entries and exits and need market orders to push the market in their desired direction. In order to fill their limit orders, they are always looking for the volume that can be most efficiently found in the stops of retail traders. With the help of the iceberg orders, the big players are able to add further limit orders unnoticed and thus collect or submit ask and bid. Interestingly, the average of iceberg orders is between 10 to 20 lots and not, as we previously thought, with an extremely high number of lots. Of course, there are also extreme absorptions, but they only come about because a big player makes volume available to himself. The iceberg orders were examined very extensively by different analysts, and it turned out that iceberg orders accounted for 20-50% of the total turnover. Many small iceberg orders at different price levels make it difficult to precisely identify absorption and continue to help big players dominate the market undetected.

Using algorithms, big players are able to completely remove sell limit orders from the market and at the same time push the price up with market buy orders. With this, you manage to move the market significantly with few market buy orders. This process is a permanent interplay and the algorithms are programmed exactly on it. Only now do I realize how extremely complex these algorithms are programmed. This process is very efficient and I would like to use a very simple example to illustrate this procedure.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

For the example described here, we assume that an accumulation of a big player has taken place at a lower price level than 1.10050, where he has collected a larger number of ask. After that, the price went up.

Point A

We are now at price level 1.10050 and the big player wants to push the price higher. While the price moved up from 1.09995, the big player algorithms ensured that the price levels 1.10050 to 1.10100 were filled with iceberg orders. As we know, larger limit orders are treated preferentially at CME. This ensures that the big player is the first in the queue at these levels. Of course, it cannot be prevented that there are still a few smaller orders from other market participants in between. The algorithms ensure that there are a number of different limit orders in the DoM, in our case between 25 and 55 lots. This is inconspicuous and nobody is suspicious. Behind it are larger iceberg orders, which can be added at any time. Now you have to ask yourself why the big player places a higher number of sell limit orders at precisely these price levels if he wants to push the price higher. Let's take a closer look at that.

Point B

The price is still at level 1.10050 and initially the big player hedges the price down by placing two larger iceberg orders at price levels 1.10045 and 1.10040. If a larger participant enters the market at this moment and invests a large number of market sell orders, the iceberg orders would absorb these market orders. Let us once again state that the big player has collected a large number of ask at a lower price level and would like to push the price higher in order to make it profitable. Therefore, the absorption of further questions at these two price levels would not be a disadvantage.

Point C

The big player suspects the first decisive stops of short traders from price level 1.10090. The algorithms ensure that all limit orders are deleted first.

Point D

At the same time, the algorithms now ensure that market buy orders are invested in order to overcome the remaining limit sell orders. The big player is thus able to go through a total of 9 price levels with just 38 lots. If these limit sell orders had not previously been placed in the market, he would have needed around 380 lots to go through these 9 price levels.

Point E

Now the first short trader stops are triggered and a chain reaction begins. Each stop triggers another stop and the price moves up. As a result of this strong upward price movement, further buyers are entering the market who are hoping for a further upward movement. The more long traders come into the market, in an upward movement, the less profitable it becomes for the big player. These long traders must therefore be switched off regularly.

Point F

The big player has already assigned price sell levels 1,10090 - 1,10040 with limit sell orders (iceberg orders). The big player absorbs the stops of the short traders (buy market orders) that are now triggered with his limit sell orders. We can now see that hardly stops were triggered at price level 1.10125 and the big player no longer suspects any more stops at the higher price levels. Starting at price level 1.10130, there are larger iceberg orders that are intended to prevent an upward price trend. The big player has now absorbed around 250 Lot Market Buy orders.

Point G

Here we see the price hedge of the big player again to hedge the ramping down price. In addition, he needs these iceberg orders to delete them at the crucial moment, when he wants to push the course down again.

Point H

The larger iceberg orders at levels 1.10130 and 1.10135 initially remain in the market in order to prevent a further price trend. The market is now realizing that a push up is impossible and the number of buyers is drastically reduced.

Point I

Now the big player wants to push the price down again to switch off the long traders and at the same time sell off his 250 lots of dollars at a lower price level. The quickest way to do this is to trigger the long trader stops.

Point J

First, he deletes his limit buy orders previously placed on the market so that he can push the price down with just a few market sell orders.

Point K

After the algorithms delete limit buy orders, they start investing some market sell orders. The big player suspects that the long trader's first stops should be at price level 1,10075. The price is now going down.

Point L

The first stops are triggered at price level 1,10075 and a chain reaction begins again. We now see large iceberg orders on the Limit Buy page that absorb these stops. First the big player gets out of the dollar with 250 lots, the absorption afterwards ensures a purchase of the euro. Thus, the big player can buy the euro again at a lower price level. At price level 1,10030, stronger iceberg orders are on the market again, which prevent a further drop in prices. All other market sell orders are now absorbed at this level. Then the price is pushed up again and the stops of the short traders help the big player to get the price up faster.

This described process of a pullback, within an upward movement, is of course much faster in reality and the algorithms are coordinated with one another in a thousandth of a second. At the same time, they coordinated to market buy / market sell orders and limit sell orders / limit buy orders. In principle, the process is always the same and a crucial point is that retail traders always place their stop above the last high or below the last low. The algorithms also use Fibonacci Zones, Moving Average, RSI and MACD to identify stops, as many retail traders use them. Of course, the big players have been able to gain a lot of experience in the past few decades in order to identify exactly large stop zones.

The procedure I have described is actually much more complicated and much more precisely coordinated. This is only a trading algorithm. There are also many other algorithms that, for example, search the market for hidden stops and report the results to the main computer. Pinging and snipping are used. The different approaches were taken over in part by the high-frequency traders. You can find more information here:

MAD World

Of course, artificial resistance zones are also created in the course of the price in order to entice retail traders to make investments that they would not otherwise have made. The obvious resistance zones that we find in the market did not come about by accident, but were deliberately initiated by the big players in order to make it easier to stop out the retail traders.

With this approach alone, it should be clear to everyone at the latest that news or meetings do not move the course or influence it dramatically. News and meetings are used by the big players to steer their project in the decisive direction, as there is a higher volatility at this time. However, an accumulation or distribution must have taken place beforehand, where the big player has collected a higher number of ask or bid. If no accumulation or distribution has taken place before, the price in an equilibrium only moves back and forth very much. It is therefore important to monitor these collection campaigns with the Limit Profile.

As we know, the big players are informed about everything before the news is published. They know the market like no one else and can therefore best estimate how a market will react to this information. Accumulation and distribution phases are then coordinated beforehand. The price trend is in principle only a reaction of the big players to the current situation in the market. If the big players have collected bids in a distribution phase and the majority of retail traders are also short-oriented, the big players will reorient themselves in the short term. They will sell their collected bid to retail traders and drive the price up. This is exactly what happened in EURUSD on February 19 and 20.

Volume always attracts liquidity!

The big players collect the individual stops of the retail traders with their limit orders. It is a permanent process in the market. If a price moves higher, we can assume that the majority of retail traders are short and vice versa. For this reason, a long-term price forecast is not possible because we never know from the outset how the majority of traders orient themselves in the long term. The price is only the result of volume and liquidity. The volume (stops of retail traders) automatically attracts liquidity. It is therefore absolutely logical and understandable that there can be no clear patterns within the price. Likewise, there are no clear patterns in the area of bid and ask. But there are clear patterns in the area of algorithms that are responsible for the correspondence between liquidity and volume. This is exactly why my views are geared towards examining this correspondence of the algorithms in more detail.

Inserted Video

It is not only important to be as close to the price as possible, you also have to be able to look deeper into the price. Bid and ask do not move the market, it is the limit orders and especially the iceberg orders that are responsible for absorption at different price levels. First of all, it is important to identify the basic algorithms in order to recognize how the big players work in detail. The next step is to program your own algorithms to decrypt the big player algorithms. The big player algorithms change because they are optimized or adapted by the programmers, but the basic sequence and procedure is always similar. Within these basic sequences there are clearly recognizable patterns that are always similar, but due to the market conditions, pick up or release a different number of lots. From this identification, derivations can be created that show us exactly how the big players proceed. The software I work with offers excellent information, but they do not show the decisive limit orders or iceberg orders that are responsible for the market movement. But the data is there for it, you just have to decrypt it correctly and display it accordingly in the DoM or the time and sales list.

We will program these algorithms independently of the platform manufacturer, to be independent. There are already a number of ideas that are sure to kick off a larger project. When I started trading, I never thought it would be so complicated in the background. But we must never forget that the big players win $ 400 million every day in the Forex market. This figure alone should prove that an EMA, RSI or MACD is not able to trade this market profitably. We smaller retail traders don't have the money to move the market, but we have our creativity to develop algorithms that help us better understand the big player algorithms. There is no one in the market that follows this approach, even the high-frequency traders operate on a completely different principle and are not active in the forex market due to the restrictions. A market advantage is only an advantage if no other market participant takes this path. However, I am convinced that this project will take a few more years. If I consider that my returns have already doubled due to the stock market data, I have no problem extending this project to years, provided there is a regular improvement in the area of returns.

Our future approach brings another big advantage. The strategies of the big players change at regular intervals and it sometimes takes years to decode these strategies exactly. If we can decipher the strategies of the big players, we will be able to identify their changes much faster and adapt our market behavior accordingly. A good example of this is the company's own liquidity, which the big players are increasingly making available to shorten the tedious process of collecting in the equilibrium. To discover that, we didn't have to program complicated algorithms. Of course, I cannot know today whether the strategy I have planned will be successful in the long term, but I know that many strategies, countless traders, have so far not led to a concrete result. For me, that's a good reason not to follow these strategies. This increases the likelihood of becoming successful with our approach. We will never reach the holy grail with it either, but that has never been the goal. It is enough if you can follow the decisive movement sequences of the big players thanks to the specially programmed algorithms. And since this is a strategy that few trading participants will use, the big player will not even notice it. We focus exclusively on the traces that the big players leave us. And luckily, the tracks are so big that the big players will never be able to cover their tracks. That alone is an excellent perspective for the future.

I wish you a successful weekend and a great start to trading on Monday.

best regards

Michael

--- 帖子 #1453 ---
The Forex volume is wrong

Hello dear subscribers,

In recent years there have been more and more trainers and companies who have jumped on the “Volume Trader” train to make a lot of money. Then programmers came onto the market that enabled footprint charts and volume profiles in the forex market. Young traders who have not worked with charts like this before were impressed and saw this as an opportunity to improve their trading opportunities. When I first saw a footprint chart and a volume profile, I also thought that these representations are a guarantee of success. I can assure you that the opposite is true, because the volume is of no use to us in the Forex market. There is only the possibility for institutional traders to get a correct volume.

If you add up the number of lots, ask and bid, the volume results. The volume is the total turnover of market buy orders and market sell orders. With the volume, we can see at which price levels there has been a major battle between buyers and sellers, that's all. We cannot tell from the volume whether the buyer or seller side was stronger. For this you have to be able to distinguish between bid and ask. There is no bid and ask depicted in the Forex market, so we should ask ourselves the question of how to generate volume at all? The volume in the forex market is generated via the ticks. Let's first look at what a tick is exactly.

In principle, a tick is a trading transaction, whereby it does not matter whether only 1 lot or 100 lots are traded in this trading transaction. To make ticks visible, there is the possibility to work with a tick chart. A tickchart is a time-independent chart, in which you determine after how many trades a period has ended. A new candle is drawn in a 64 tick chart after 64 trades. This has the advantage that more candles are drawn at high volatility and fewer candles are created at lower volatility. A disadvantage, candle formations are not identifiable, ou shouldn't work with that anyway. It is striking that the volume in a tick chart is approximately the same, making it more difficult to analyze volume spikes. Here you can find a detailed article about the calculation of the Forex volume:

Volume in forex

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here we see a tick chart in the Euro FX from the future market. The yellow line denotes 1 lot within a trade. The average number of trades is larger than one lot, but the chart was created 1.5 hours after the London Open. As a rule, the number of lots within a trade is significantly lower.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

At Point A we see a 10,000 tick chart, which means that a new candle is automatically formed after 10,000 trades. Ask and bid is invested within the individual candles, which then leads to the total volume (point B). At point C, I divided the volume by the number of ticks. This results in the diagram at Point D. Basically, the number of lots must always be equal to or greater than the trading transactions. Because a trade always contains at least one lot. In our calculation, a trade has an average of 1.46 lots, although no general derivation can be drawn from it, since the values fluctuate massively.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Now we compare the volume Forex / Future, each in an H4 chart. First of all, there are certain deviations in the H4 candles, but this has to do with the respective stock exchange opening times. Overall, it is striking that the volume in the forex chart is not comparable to the volume in the future chart. So there seems to be a different calculation. We now want to take a closer look at this.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

First, let's refer to the numbers that we know are correct.

Point A

In Forex EURUSD we know that about $ 2 trillion in sales are traded each day. However, these values fluctuate. One lot is worth $ 100,000, which means around 20 million lots are traded per day. In recent years, an average of 92,160 ticks per day have been achieved in EURUSD. According to my broker's information, these values relate exclusively to the sales of this broker. Overall, the result would mean that an average of 217 lots would be traded per trade. That is a value that I strongly doubt. Therefore, we want to take a closer look at these ticks in the Forex market in order to find the most realistic value possible.

Point B

In the future market, the values are clear, from the stock market data. An average of $ 18 billion is traded per day, which is the average lots (144,000) multiplied by the lot value of $ 125,000. 98,630 ticks have been reached on average per day in recent years. This means that a trade deal averaged 1.46 lots. This number is logical and understandable for me.

Point C

The forex market is approximately 100 times larger than the future market, with daily fluctuations being completely normal. In this context, the ratio of lots per day is understandable in both markets. At first glance, the lot / tick / pip ratio is understandable, which, however, is not correct in my opinion. I came to the conclusion that the number of ticks is similar in both markets. In my view, the number in the Forex market cannot be correct, for the following reasons. The Forex market is much more volatile, because the smallest movement is expected in pipettes . If the price changes by one pip, the price has to go through ten different levels. In the future market, the price has to go through only two stages at the same time. This fact automatically means that a significantly higher number of ticks would have to be generated in the forex market than in the future market.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Yesterday evening I called up an M1 chart in the futures and forex markets to compare the movements. The volatility was very low at that point. Let's watch the video first

Inserted Video

In 3 minutes there were a total of six movements in the future chart and over 70 movements in the forex chart. This means that with low volatility, the price in the Forex market has moved 12 times more often than the Future market. A higher volatility could cause significantly larger movement differences.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

If we calculated the 12 times higher movement in the Forex market (Point A) for the whole day, we would get a result of 1,183,560 ticks (Point B). That would mean that in the Forex market, an average of almost 17 lots would come into the market per trade. Even if we calculated in the image below with a movement that was twice as high (point C), the average per trade would still be over 8 lots (point D).

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In mid-March I shared an article where I once calculated a profit and loss calculation of the different market participants in the Forex. Here you can find the article:

Who is our biggest competitor in trading?

According to this, around 100 big players, 10,000 institutional traders and around 1 million retail traders could trade in EURUSD per day. We want to calculate with these numbers first.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

First of all, I reduced the number of market participants in the future market by 100 times compared to the forex market. As a result, a big player would trade 150,000 lots a day, an institutional trader would buy 201 lots, and a retail trader would trade an average of one lot. (Point A&B). Now I have tried to apply the same ratio in the Forex market. (Point C&D).

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The result from Point C & D would be very interesting, because 13,700,000 ticks per day would have to be achieved in order to represent the same proportionality as in the future market. It is difficult to assess whether this number is actually correct. The fact is, however, that the volume values displayed in the MT4 are definitely wrong. The big players are able to provide volume data from the Forex market through the company CLS, exclusively for institutional traders. However, this volume of data is only updated every hour. You can find the corresponding contribution here:

Real volume in forex

Companies keep appearing in the market that offer synthetic volumes in the Forex market to interested parties. This volume has nothing to do with the actual volume in the Forex market. Even if the companies obtained their data from the Big Players, they would only be able to update the volume data once an hour. In addition, the big players prohibit users from making this volume data available to other trading participants, because they want to earn money from their volume data. Even an aggregation of the future data with the forex data would not be a solution, since on the one hand the forex market is 100 times larger and the two markets are linked by fluctuating swaps. Even if a company succeeded in generating an approximation of realistic volume data from the Forex market, it would have no advantage at all.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The volume is nothing more than a summary of ask and bid. However, no bid and ask is passed on in the forex market, but this is a crucial point that a trader needs. The market sell orders (bid) run in the limit buy orders and the market buy orders (ask) run in the limit sell orders. This means that ask and bid do not fight against each other and are not able to influence each other. The decisive factor is whether liquidity lets these market orders through or absorbs and stops them. As we know, the big players primarily work with liquidity. Therefore, liquidity is responsible for the actual market movement. You can find the corresponding article here:

Which is stronger, market orders or limit orders?

So we have to be able to see to what extent the limit orders absorb or let through the market orders. But exactly this information is definitely not available in the Forex market. No matter how we turn it, the volume information in the Forex market will always be wrong, unless we get it directly from the big players. The only solution is to work with stock market data, since all information is displayed correctly there. Thus, incorrect volume data from the Forex is not a help, but rather a guarantee of losing a lot of money.

In August of last year, I provided a volume indicator that was calculated from the price and was very close to the stock market volume. But even being close to it is in principle too imprecise, especially in the stock exchange area, and this is crucial. Here you can find a detailed article:

Amazing discovery in volume

In the Forex market we do not receive a specific volume (number of lots) or a specific number of trades. Therefore there can be no DoM and no time & sales list. It is also impossible to display a footprint chart, a volume profile, deleted lots in the DoM or an imbalance in the bid and ask. To do this, the largest banks would have to be ready to publish their data. And that is exactly what will never happen in the Forex market. And yet there are companies that offer footprint charts or volume profiles for the Forex market. You should always be careful when a provider offers a free forex product that normally costs money. Either he wants to develop his product with the help of the users so that he can sell it later, or he draws the commercial data of the free users from his product and markets it. Unfortunately nothing is free of costs in this world, even death costs us the life.

Data that is not available in the forex market cannot be displayed. Nevertheless, some people claim that it is still possible. The advantage of these people is that nobody can prove their lies. For this we only need common sense.

Let's say there is someone who would be able to create a correct footprint chart or volume profile for the Forex market. How long would it take for the biggest big players to fight back and take action? The biggest banks get 60% of their bank profits from the Forex market, I don't think they would put up with that. Since no big player has so far defended itself, no one seems to found the correct data. Accordingly, all footprint charts or volume profiles from the Forex market are wrong. And that will not change in the future. Whoever trades on these charts will lose.

In the stock market I would focus exclusively on the heat map, the DoM and the times and sales list and in the forex market on the currency strength and the price to identify the key candle in the Stophunting. We have to combine this data to optimize our chances of winning. The holy grail exists, but the secret is in our head but we have to find that first.

Wish you a successful trading week

best regards

Micha

--- 帖子 #1454 ---
Nice article Bionics,

I have read your posts carefully, they never cease to amaze me. Speaking of currency strength specifically, could you please expand the information a little more, I think I suppose that it does not refer to the most common currency strength meters

--- 帖子 #1455 ---
Currency strength in forex

Hello jusiur,

I'm happy if this blog helps you and you get important information from it. Indeed, currency strength is a special representation in forex that is not available in this way in the future market. In order to display the currency strength display in the future market, synthetic currency pairs would first have to be generated in order to generate the individual strength of individual currencies. In terms of programming, this would be possible, but the artificially created currency pairs lead to data problems that would slow down a stock exchange platform considerably. This could be solved with special servers, but the main problem lies in the trading hours. If a particular currency was not yet opened, the entire display would return incorrect values. Trading times are significantly longer in the Forex market and almost every possible currency pair exists.

The Forex market has a lot of advantages over the future market, in addition to the currency strength, the ATR values and price movements have a clear advantage. If the price in the future market moves 2 ticks, there are 10 movements in the forex market. A more accurate ATR can be determined more precisely from 10 data than from 2 data. The same applies to the strength values that I generate with a ZigZag indicator. Pullbacks can be quickly determined from this. The forex market is the leading wolf, with EURUSD alone producing almost 3 times as much daily turnover as added together the 10 largest exchanges in the world. Nevertheless, there is a crucial disadvantage in Forex, volume, liquidity, the DoM and the time and sales list are not published.

And that's exactly what we need the stock market data for. Each market has its advantages and disadvantages, the art is to use a combination of both data to reduce the disadvantages and increase the advantages. I use the data from the future and forex market at the same time to generate the fastest information for me. In principle, the information can be compared with a speedometer. Some speedometers only start to display at 100 miles, which means that if the market is slow, the speedometer does not show this. Every forex trader is interested in finding a speedometer that shows the speed from 1 mile. With the stock exchange data I am already able to measure speeds from 0.1 miles, so the focus of my work was on the identification of algorithms. Nevertheless, there are important data in the forex market that are not available in the future market.

I will gladly comply with your request and in the next 10 days will create a detailed report about the forex charts I use. As usual, I will post my used indicators with a template and video. However, I ask for your understanding that this may take a few more days because I still have some projects to complete.

I wish you a successful trading week

Lovely wishes

Micha

--- 帖子 #1456 ---
Hi Micha

I agree with you that passive limit orders move the market and I also agree the Algo is selective in which limit orders it chooses to open.

For example if the market is rising and hits a deep pool of liquidity and plans a bearish move, if you place a a limit Sell order in the area of thin liquidity, perhaps say at the top edge of the pool, there is only a 50% the Algo will step up to open the order.  If now we change that limit sell order to a Buy limit order and place it at the say spot, it will almost always open up the losing position.

That is what I see on a live chart trading around liquidity pools and it really does feel like your small retail order goes to the back of the queue and not to be touched, unless it suits the market makers. My stats say 2 to 1, it will only open a order that suits them.

This is why I no longer use passive limit orders and stops but choose to sit on my chart while a position is opened.  One trick I do see the Algo perform a lot on M1 chart is to produce a wide ranging candle of say 8 pips, hold movement for 2-3 seconds then create a tiny gap up and move about half a pip.   It gives the sense price is moving bullish.  It then holds for another 2-3 seconds allowing time for those traders to jump in with market buy orders - Then goes strongly bearish.

Time & Time again.

So placing passive Limit orders on a chart gives only a moderate advantage to the retail trader unless they are can't be on the charts at the time, in my opinion.

Cheers Rick

--- 帖子 #1457 ---
Entry limit orders

Hello RickM,

First of all a warm welcome to our blog and thank you for your excellent execution. In addition to your in-depth knowledge, I find a characteristic of you that is particularly worth mentioning. You are always very friendly and help a lot of traders with your very informative market view, without being overbearing. First of all, thank you very much.

I can fully support what you write, as a scalper I rarely use limit orders as an entry, because it always has to be quick. If I recognize an entry signal, I want to go to the market immediately and must thus accept a higher spread. In the future market I would have the opportunity to precisely identify my place in the queue. An emulator is used to calculate how much volume is still in front of me before my limit orders are executed. Unfortunately, the stock market itself does not provide a queue display, so the queue display is only an approximate value, which in emulated form comes very close to reality. Since the Forex Market offers the best profit distribution, I only trade in this market. However, the future market offers the greatest chances of winning as volume and liquidity are made available. That's why I trade on the Forex market, but only on the basis of the future data.

The heat map is my overview map to see whether the dollar is currently being bought / sold or the euro is being bought / sold. In the time and sales list, I use the filter settings to display the current strength of the market buy orders, market sell orders, limit buy orders and limit sell orders. The heat map must be compared with the time and sales list at the same time. I only get my entry signals from the DoM, whereby special filter settings in spoofing help me.. But first the requirements in the heat map and the time and sales list have to be met in order to generate a decisive entry signal from the DoM. At the moment there is still too much data that I have to consider at the same time, so I am working on programming that summarizes the essential points. If you take a closer look at spoofing, you will find that in certain market situations the same patterns appear again and again, which bring a clear market advantage for a few seconds. I noticed that with these patterns I am always able to predict the market for a few seconds. As a swing trader, I submit myself more to chance, because I can never predict how the overall market will react to certain situations.

In the time and sales list we can often see massive market buy orders entering the market but the price is going down. This is understandable when you see that the big players massively fill up the limit sell orders to hold the market buy orders and at the same time delete the limit buy orders to get down with a small number of market sell orders. After, the stops of the long traders will be triggered. The market is bullish at the moment, but there is still a stophunting down. As you wrote correctly, the long traders are first switched off and at the same time the new traders are encouraged to take a short position. As soon as the price is pushed up again, the stops of the short traders help to accelerate the price upwards. This is partly brutal psychology, the market sees the price falling sharply and believes in a huge opportunity. In fact, those were just the stops of those who were wrong.

My DoM ad has nothing to do with a typical DoM ad because I mainly focus on spoofing. But I quickly recognize when several Limit Sell price levels are blocked and at the same time several Limit Buy price levels are opened. It's basically like a dam, you can stop the river or let it flow through. In the stock market, however, there are two directions. However, since the water (the price) can only ever run in one direction, the dam must be aligned precisely with it. And that is exactly what can be made visible with appropriate filtering in the DoM. However, programming and optimizing these filter settings will take a few more years.

I wish you a nice weekend and a successful start to the new trading week

best regards

Micha

--- 帖子 #1458 ---
Pattern search in the algorithms

Hello dear subscribers,

Since the beginning of February 2020, we have been working intensively on the algorithms of the big players, which are primarily responsible for a smooth process and optimal communication between the market and the limit orders. Limit orders are used to collect ask and bid in accumulation and distribution phases, to exit positions and to hold the price. Market orders are used to start the first stops of retail traders, to push a price into a certain zone and to make volume available to yourself.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The market sell orders run in the limit buy orders (point A) and the market buy orders run in the limit sell orders (point B). First of all, we should consider these two movements separately. At point C we see a footprint chart, on the left we see the market sell orders and on the right the market buy orders. 24 lot market sell orders and 129 lot market buy orders were traded in the largest volume range. But these two market orders have nothing to do with each other because they never meet in the market. Therefore, one should look at the movements separately.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Regardless of whether we analyze a bullish or bearish candle, the price always runs in ZigZag movements down or up. First and foremost, it is all about getting the necessary volume to achieve the respective goals of the big players. The herd plays a crucial role in this. The big players achieve the highest profits when the masses are oriented in exactly the opposite direction to their investments.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Limit orders actually move the market because they are mainly used by big players in the form of small iceberg orders. The background is that these iceberg orders are not displayed in the DoM and it is very difficult to specifically identify these invisible orders. The big players are thus able to disguise their actual intentions and thus have a decisive advantage. While most traders are looking for directions in the dark, the big players work with a night vision device. You see us, we don't see them. This is a crucial point that brings big players over $ 400 million in profit every day.

Upward movements should be calculated separately from downward movements. A footprint chart or a candle is the worst way to display these movements correctly. What is much more important in a downward movement is how the market sell orders meet the limit buy orders. Can the market sell orders break the limit buy orders or are they stopped? If market sell orders are held up, it means someone is buying Ask. Ask is used to buy the euro or to exit the dollar. It is difficult to predict a subsequent upward trend from this, as it could only be a partial exit. The price will continue to go down after the partial exit as the main positions are still in the market. So you have to keep an eye on the overall situation. The past course of the course only plays a subordinate role, since the big players are always oriented towards the current situation. The herd is always decisive, the big players must always take an opposite position. If the herd behavior suddenly changes, the big players must also adapt to the new situation. The big players are basically the herds slaves. The herd always determines the course of the course and not the big players. When the herd takes a short position, the big players push the price up and vice versa. Of course, the big players always win because they can use more money, but the herd sets the direction. And since you can never estimate how the herd of one million retail traders will react tomorrow or next week in EURUSD, long-term price forecasting is impossible. In contrast, assessing the big players is much easier. The identification of the algorithms help me to look into the future for a few seconds. The shorter I am in the market, the higher my probability of winning, but the less effective the costs are. Optimal profit management must be created from this.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

A simple derivation can be created from the procedure of the big players and retail traders. The retail traders primarily use the market orders. The market orders are displayed exactly in the market. The position of the retail trader can be determined from this. The art now is to know that this is the wrong direction. To win, you have to take an opposite position at the right time. This is possible with the big player reaction. Stophunting is a crucial point to analyze a specific market behavior, so I recommend every trader to deal with it in more detail.

In the picture we see a situation where a big player has made volume available to himself, that he has also taken up with own limit sell orders. First the price was pushed down 40 pip and within one equilibrium the big player got out of the dollar. After that he started buying the euro and pushed the price back down to the price level where he gave himself liquidity. From this price level, the price then went up 70 pip. Through his own liquidity he made 40 pip profits with the dollar and 70 pip profits with the euro. With the euro that he bought in the Equilibrium, he was able to realize a profit of 110 pip. It only took him 28 hours to do this. The volatility was relatively low at this point and the decision to provide liquidity was absolutely right at this point as the market did not provide such volume at this price level.

I would like to come back to slide number 3 and go into the two different movements. Regardless of whether it is an upward or downward movement, it is primarily controlled by limit orders. The limit orders are significantly stronger than the market orders, here you find the report.

Which is stronger, market orders or limit orders?

No matter how many market orders come in, if a big player keeps adding new iceberg orders, the price will never be able to break through this price level.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

We can compare this principle with a dam. The water is supposed to represent the market orders and the lock gate at point A are the limit orders. If the lock gate is closed, the water can run against it, but the lock gate will always stop the water. There are now two dams on the market, one for the upward course and one for the downward course. If the price is to go up, the lock gate on the limits sell orders must be opened and at the same time the lock gate on the limits buy orders must be closed so that the water cannot run back. The Big Player algorithms must simultaneously control the lock opening and the water flow in both directions. And exactly the algorithms of this controller I try to analyze with different stock market data. For this I use different filter settings in the DoM, the heat map and the time and sales list.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

S

Last Friday around 14:30 CET, there was increased volatility due to meetings, which only caused a price jump of 25 pip. In the video below you can see this process again in more detail.

Inserted Video

In the Forex Chart I have drawn two lines in the price history to show the price range of the equilibrium. Spoofing clearly shows that the price is within this range. In the two dams I described, both lock gates were closed and therefore kept the price within this range. In this range, one could see that more ask was collected. Around 16:00 CET there was a small stophunting. After this situation, the price was pushed up by 65 pip.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

For about four months now I have been working intensively on the identification of algorithms and I wanted to know what volume of data I spent on it. From June 2019 to January 2020, I needed approximately 1 GB per day to download. By identifying the algorithms, the download data volume has increased sevenfold and the upload volume quadrupled. That is an extremely high value.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

My charts for identifying the algorithms are updated regularly, with this version I'm going to start this week. In principle, it's all about getting faster and more accurate information. For this reason, this display must be regularly optimized.

Herd behavior in the market

Fast movements in the market are often reactions of the big players to the herd. This triggers stops that further accelerate the course. If these stops are absorbed by big players at individual price levels, one should be careful. That over 90% of retail traders lose clearly shows that the opposite of what most expect always happens. Unfortunately, many traders are fooled by strong price movements. They always get on at the end of the movement and are eventually stopped, even though the direction was correct. The stop placement should also be reconsidered. Those, who do not place their stops with the herd, have the greatest chance of survival. And where are stops placed? Always below the last low and above the last high.

Many years ago, my opposite trades were successful in the upward and downward movements. This was successful because no one else dared to do it at the time. The stock exchange wisdom: The Trend is your friend has contributed to the fact that only a few have taken a short position in an upward trend.

You are always most successful if you stay away from the herd. In the animal area too, the herd offers only supposed protection. A large herd with many watchful animals reduces the likelihood of the individual animal being caught by a predator because more animals can look for predators while others are at rest looking for food. The presence of many bodies in a group enables a reduction in individual predator risk by simple dilution. The more gazelles in a flock, the greater the likelihood not to be caught by the lion. But a herd of gazelles is easier to spot by lions than a single animal. The gazelle could probably survive longer if it were not in the herd. Therefore separate yourself from the herd and act where few people act. The big players would not be so successful if traders developed more individually and did not develop joint herd strategies in groups.

If 3000 traders pursue the same strategy at the same time, the big players know that statistically 30% of them trade in EURUSD. 1000 traders use similar stop zones, which are safe zones for the big players in order to achieve fast volume. In addition, it is logical that the more participants use a particular strategy, the more watered down that strategy is. In some cases there are specific instructions in the forums about signals, stopping, entry and exit.

The Forex market is the largest market in the world with daily sales of over $ 6 trillion. Forex Factory is the largest platform worldwide where 17% of all retail traders meet. Of course, the big players know the market like no other, but they also have to be able to react to new situations. For this reason, there are analysts and research teams at every big player who occasionally look around the Forex Factory platforms. In EURUSD, 900,000 retail traders lose around $ 90 million a day. Forex Factory has 700,000 members, which is an interesting size for the big players. It is important to find out what retail traders think, and it is particularly interesting that they publish their strategies.

Let's turn the tables, is there actually a platform, where we retail traders can follow an exchange of big players? A platform where the big players talk exactly about Stophunting, iceberg orders, algorithms, accumulation and distribution? No, unfortunately there is no such thing. We should ask ourselves why there will never be such a platform?

There are 1000 funny conspiracy theories in the market, today I also would like to put one up.

700,000 retail traders mean a maximum daily profit of $ 70 million for the big players. You buy an experienced retail trader and work with him to develop a very simple strategy that can be easily traded by any beginner. This strategy is published on FF and captivates a mass of beginners. First of all, the big players ensure that this strategy works in part, in order to get more masses excited about this strategy. Of course there will be some enthusiastic traders who suddenly make huge profits with the new strategy. This will attract more beginners who will deal with this strategy. The more successful a system is, the more masses it will attract. For the big players, there is only one point. They want to gather a mass of traders at a certain time, at a certain price level in order to get their volume through targeted stophunting. A supposedly successful system could ensure that many retail traders are at certain price levels at the same time. The big player can now easily skim these price levels. The experienced trader who publishes this strategy, get money for the losses of the retail traders. This only costs the big players money in the event of success and at the same time saves the big player a lot of money because their algorithms do not have to constantly look for hidden stops.

Of course, my conspiracy theory is absolute nonsense, but one should still think about it. So far, the big players had to run after the retail traders to get their volume. With this strategy, retail traders voluntarily come into the lion's den. Actually a great idea, but unfortunately not for the retail traders who follow this strategy.

Conclusion:

Basically we find insanely great contributions and ideas at FF. There are excellent professionals with an incredible amount of knowledge and great theories. From this very good information, everyone should create their own market image and create their own, individual setup. This setup should be tailored to the personal characteristics of each trader. Everyone reacts differently in certain situations, a setup must take this into account. I would distance myself from concrete systems that specify everything in detail. Unfortunately, most traders want it to be very simple, but the market is just the opposite of simple.

Theory and practice are two different worlds that meet, this applies to all professions and also to the profession of trader. A trader needs practical experience and this experience can only be gained in trading, ideally with real money. But that could lead to massive losses in the beginning. If I had to start over without knowledge, I would do the following.

I would execute 300 trades a day in an M1 chart in the demo account without indicators. Each trade would only take 10-30 seconds. At first, this won't make any sense, but after a week, interesting experience will emerge. Once I made my 300 trades I will start with a rough analysis. There are detailed reports in MT 4. Here you can find the reports.

https://www.mql5.com/de/articles/1383

I would execute about 300 trades per day in about 5-6 hours, 1 hour to analyze the trades and 2 hours to study the opinions of interesting traders at Forex Factory. The art is to take up the ideas without wanting to implement them directly. After three months, I would have made around 20,000 trades and at the same time built up an enormous wealth of experience. In addition, I would have read about 12,000 book pages in FF during this time. The resulting learning effect is significantly higher than with a given system.

From this experience you should now create your own setup and start with a small real money account. Of course, you should expect to make losses at the beginning, but the most important thing for a trader is that he has his own opinion about the market. Best is an opinion that differs from other opinions, because the herd's opinion is incorrect, otherwise over 90% would not lose regularly. The most successful entrepreneurs in the world have always gone their own way, why should that be different in the trading area?

I wish you a successful trading week

Lovely wishes

Micha

--- 帖子 #1459 ---
Large market buy orders in EURUSD

Hello dear subscribers,

Last evening around 18:10 CET, 100 lots came into the market 11 times in a row in the future market. While this is not uncommon, but these were market orders.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

This type of market order is typical about central banks or from larger institutional traders. At first, I suspected that it was a normal currency exchange that was handled by a large bank. In my headmap I could not see that the market buy orders were simultaneously absorbed with limit sell orders. So I could assume that the dollar was sold in this case. Since the executing bank had not bought this dollar itself, it became clear to me that the executing bank was rather predicting an upward exchange rate for the next trading day. These 1200 Lot Market Buy Orders were taken up by different market participants and had to be brought into profit first. I wrote to a friend on WhatsApp that I expect Tuesday's price to rise sharply.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

During the night, the price then went down 30 pip and was pushed up again in the Asian market. When I hit the market this morning, I realized that I could expect stronger bullish moves that day. First I wait for the London open and after the reset, I entered the market at the Daily open. My stop was 2.5 pip. The trend reversal took place exactly in the area of my key candle and my target was at point D. My stop pulled on breakeven and I let the trade run. After that, I concentrated on my main business, scalping, during the rest of the day.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

My target was reached around 14:10 CET. After deducting the costs, 52 pip was reached with the random trade in 260 minutes. That was only 0.2 pip per minute, but without risk. The subsequent, stronger movement upwards would have been much more efficient with 0.75 pip. But you can never predict that exactly. Around 15:30 CET, large market orders suddenly came again  into the market.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

We recognize in the equilibrium that 100 Lot Market Sell Orders entered the market 12 times in succession. That it was again a currency exchange in the same size was very unlikely for me. So I had to part with my assumption of the day bevor.

In my opinion, there was not enough volume the day before to buy the corresponding number of ask with limit orders. However, there was liquidity and therefore a larger institutional trader placed 1200 lot market buy orders on the market. Today's market sell orders at 15:30 CET were therefore an exit from the euro.

If such a large number of market buy orders enter the market, it can basically only be a dollar sale or a euro purchase. If the euro is bought, the medium-term move is likely to be bullish. It only becomes dangerous if the large market buy orders are an exit from the dollar. This situation would initially be neutral for me, because at this point the large position is closed. That means the price could move up and down afterwards.

The big institutional trader left the euro at 15:30 CET, which means he didn't believe the price would continue to move higher. However, it cannot be concluded from this that the price must now continue to go down. The larger institutional trader entered the euro yesterday with 1200 lots and today exited the euro with 1200 lots. The big institutional trader is now out of the market in my opinion, but the 1200 Lot Market Sell Orders were inevitably taken up by Limit Buy Order.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In my limit profile you can see that there is a high number of questions in the market in the upper area. That could mean a further upward trend after a small downward trend. However, it will be crucial tomorrow how the retailers use their positions, and the big players will react accordingly. The Asian market will give us an answer by tomorrow.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

If my guess was correct and a larger institutional trader got in at Point A with 1200 Lot and got out at Point B, he could have made a pretty good profit in $ 720,000 in 20 hours. Although I could not achieve this profit in the same period, I am grateful to the larger institutional trader for showing me with his traces where the course is going today. It is precisely for this reason that it is important to scan the market with different modules in order to identify the traces of the big players. If the 1200 lot had been invested through limit buy orders, identification would not have been so easy. It is interesting,  my assumption of currency exchange was wrong, but the direction was correct.

If you look closely at the forex chart, you will see that these traces could not be identified. A good reason to change it now.

I wish you a nice trading week

best regards

Micha

--- 帖子 #1460 ---
Outstanding breakdown, M.

--- 帖子 #1461 ---
Micha:

Pardon if this has been asked/answered previously, WHAT BROKER/PLATFORM are you using?

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1462 ---
Hello TooSlow,

I mainly trade in the Forex market and use different brokers, all of which are listed on Forex Factory. For the future market you need a corresponding data feed and software that translates this stock market data accordingly.

The code of conduct for traders in this forum states: VIII. No commercial agendas

Members may not use Forex Factory to promote a product or service, neither for themselves nor for anyone else. This includes products or services that are planned for the future.

I've mentioned casually the software I work with  in this blog, but I only make my money by trading and not by advertising a specific product. For this reason, I do not want to permanently mention my personal platform selection. I would like to stay in this forum in future and write to my private blog.

I therefore ask for your understanding

Lovely wishes

Michael

--- 帖子 #1463 ---
New experiment with its own liquidity

Hello Lemercenaire,

I absolutely agree with you that this downward price trend initially seems unusual, however, 1200 lot market buy orders were placed on the market within a few minutes. This is a bit unusual. These brand buy orders were also taken up by limit sell orders. It could only be a larger market player. In the Asian market, the price was then pushed down 30 pip to bring this 1200 lot into profit. The larger market participant who brought the 1200 Lot Market buy orders must first take this risk. With the big players it is not uncommon that the positions sometimes run 30-40 pip into the minus. The big player who placed the large market buy orders in the market knew that they were taken up by limit sell orders. Therefore, he had to expect a downward movement.

Two different big players may also have worked together. One provided the liquidity and was able to gain 30 pip, the second provided the volume and was able to gain 60 pip the next day. I could imagine that the big player who brought the market buy orders to the market had significantly more money than the big player who placed the limit sell orders. Finally, the price on the low had to be pushed up 30 pip again in order to be breakeven again. After that, further market buy orders had to be invested in order to push the price up 60 pip into profit. The big players have lost a lot of time due to the corona crisis and may try to make up for this lost time through further experiments. In the past few months, they have started to give themselves liquidity to avoid the accumulation and distribution phases in the Equilibrium. If two big players work together and give themselves liquidity and volume, this could be a new form of strategy that may be tried.

Thank you again for your great statement, because it took me the idea, that two big players could have provided each other with volume and liquidity. We will take a closer look at this over the next few months and will quickly find out whether this is an interesting alternative for the big players. Fortunately, we can identify that immediately.

I wish you a great trading day

best regards

Michael

--- 帖子 #1464 ---
Hi Micha, great post as usual. If I could just give you my opinion on that move and why i took a trade as well.

Looking at that move on EURUSD yesterday which I did Buy, I saw nothing unusual about that move.

There was massive flow of orders high in density which cleared out a large liquidity pool and was pre planned to be withdrawn at a turning point soon after.

This pool of passive limit orders must of been quite large otherwise the Big Player would not have been able to BUY so many large orders to obtain there fill.

I would say that big player was surprised they were able to load up - very surprised.

I also can't see two big players being involved here either, as the price mechanics that occurred didn't indicate their wasn't enough density of orders on the charts.

The move up was then just ordinary but steady except for the final 1/3 of the move which was the signal for that player to get out. I got out too early myself.

Over all I would say business as usual with great density at the top and bottom, and one big player making their money with no direction for future days forecast.

Cheers Rick

--- 帖子 #1465 ---
Liquidity pool

Hi Rick,

Thank you for your great market assessment, it is quite possible that your theory is absolutely correct. I described this situation as unusual because no such actions have taken place within the past year. My  software runs 12-14 hours a day in Euro FX and these patterns have only occurred a few times in the past few days. For me it is important to understand every reaction in the market. Unfortunately, this will never be possible because there are too many different participants and interests. Nevertheless, we should both be happy that we can think about such topics. Many traders only see the candles and do not even notice what is actually happening in this market. A long-term forecast is also not so relevant for me, because as a scalper I am often only interested in the next 30-90 seconds. I regard my longer-running trades as just a random additional income. But they also have to be planned in advance. And for that I have to understand the market correctly.

I wish you a successful trading day

best regards

Michael

--- 帖子 #1466 ---
Evaluation of the big player experiments

Hello dear subscribers,

Twelve major big players influence 85% of the Forex market. That's why I've been focusing on these big players for years to better understand how they work. These big players don't work together , but they instantly see indirectly, what another big player is up to. This automatically results in synergies, which many market participants incorrectly interpret as agreements between the big players. It is not a big power that is up against retail traders, the big players have a similar approach and can immediately see what another big player is up to. In my view, no platform for conspiracy theories. At the beginning of February we noticed that the big players are increasingly making their own liquidity available. Up until now, the big players always had to collect in an equilibrium ask or bid in order to push the course in the corresponding direction. The moment a big player himself makes liquidity available, he initially saves a lot of time, but at the same time has two open positions, which he has to bring to profit. There have been some experiments on this since the beginning of February, which I also reported in detail on my blog. You can find the information here.

Own liquidity for the big players

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here we see a typical situation where a big player provides himself with liquidity. We recognize that the market buy orders are absorbed exactly. These market orders are cumulative market orders that are typically triggered by stops. The first green circle may well be some stops of short trader. If other short traders had subsequently entered the market at this price level, they would very likely have placed their stop above this price level. A big player would never use cumulative market orders to push a price up. Small market orders are used for this and the limit sell orders are deleted at the same time so that he can push the price up with little volume. Therefore, you can not assume that the green circles have been created to push the course massively upwards. This exact absorption can only take place if someone knows exactly that a certain size of market buy orders will come into the market at a certain point in time, at a certain price level. And only someone who executes these orders can know that.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

A few days ago, massive market buy orders suddenly entered the market that at first glance were not absorbed by the same big player. At first, we thought it was a big currency exchange. We had to quickly revise this opinion, since the next day, at a 60 pip higher price level, 1200 lot market sell orders were processed. The next idea I had was that two big players coordinated with each other. But larger volumes are easier to identify by the exchange regulator and the big players will not be so stupid to take such a risk. So how does a big player manage to place large market orders in the market and absorb them at the same time without being noticed? One possibility would be that he works with two different accounts and the algorithms are precisely tailored to these two accounts.

Yesterday around 3:00 p.m., massive market buy orders entered the market again. Then the price went down 100 pip. First of all, it is quite unusual for a big player to place such a large number of market orders on the market. To do this, we first have to consider the different types of orders.

Limit orders

With a limit order, the participant not only specifies the number of orders to be bought or sold, but also sets a price limit. This limit is the amount for which the participant is willing to buy or sell the specified orders. If the participant sets too low a limit for a buy order or too high a limit for a sell order, the order will not be matched. A limit order can be seen as a measure to reduce the likelihood of surprising, undesirable execution prices (price risk). A limit order is issued regularly if the intention is to buy or sell at a specified price, if possible at a better price. In contrast to a market order, an investor can never count on the fact that his order is actually taken into account in the market at the price he desires when a limit order is placed. He therefore runs the risk of going empty-handed or remaining on his inventory.

Market order

A market order is an order to buy or sell immediately at the best available price. It is executed based on the limit orders that are already in the order book. This means that market orders depend on the market liquidity to be settled. Since market orders are executed immediately, the market order corresponds to the best limit order available in the order book. In other words, when you create a market buy order, it corresponds to the best limit sell orders at the current price. However, if the cheapest limit sell order available is not enough to meet your entire market order, your order will automatically match the following limit sell orders until it is finally closed. This process is known as slippage and is the reason why you pay higher prices and higher fees for market orders compared to limit orders. Market orders come in handy in situations where getting your order done quickly is more important than getting a certain price. This means that you should only use market orders if you are in a hurry and willing to pay higher prices and fees

Iceberg orders

The iceberg orders are orders that are hidden behind the limit orders and disguise the actual size in the DoM. The average size of iceberg orders in the Euro FX is between 10-20 lots. Iceberg orders are used to achieve large price jumps with small market orders, to keep the price in equilibrium, to collect or get out unnoticed or to hold a price. At first glance, it seems to be very disadvantageous to work with market orders. Entry via limit orders is significantly cheaper and with the help of iceberg orders, the market does not know what the big player is up to. But the market orders also have unbeatable advantages in certain situations, which we will now take a closer look at.

Whenever I cannot understand exactly how big players operate, I always start with a concrete analysis to better understand the market. I started by comparing three different situations. This comparison results in a big player profitability, which has brought a very interesting result. Let's take a closer look at that.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In the past, the big players collected Ask or Bid in an equilibrium and then pushed the course in the corresponding direction. Let's start with that.

At price level 1.1000, the Big Player collects 500 lot bids via limit sell orders (point A). Then he pushes the price down 60 ticks, whereby we have calculated 500 Lot Market Sell Orders (Point B). At price level 1.09700, he exits the dollar with limit buy orders. Then he collects 500 Lot Ask (Point C). Now he pushes the price up by 120 ticks and needs about 1000 Lot Market Buy Orders (Point D). At price level 1.10300, he exits the euro with 1500 lot limit sell orders. At the same time, he buys 500 lot bids. (Point E). With 500 Lot Market Sell Orders, he pushes the price down 60 ticks (Point F). Now he comes back to the price level of 1.1000 and sells his 1000 lot dollars with limit buy orders (point G).

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Point A

Here I have described the concrete process that took place in these three price movements.

Point B

The letters refer to the labels on the previous slide.

Point C

Here we see the resulting profits for the big player.

Of course, this calculation is to be seen purely hypothetically, since many other things must be taken into account in the actual course of the course. A price does not just run upwards, but is pushed down by the big player in the course of it in order to switch off the long traders and at the same time get new volume through stops of the new short traders. For this reason, I want to keep the calculation as simple as possible, using the same starting conditions for all three calculations.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In principle, we see here almost the same process, with the only difference that the big player makes himself available liquidity in the beginning. First he pushes the price down and gets out of his dollar position. Then he pushes the course up at point D and then gets out of his euro positions. Then the price is pushed back to the price level of 1.1000. We have a situation here where the big player only provides liquidity once.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The resulting calculations can be found here explicitly.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here we have a slightly different situation, but the price developments in tick are the same. First of all, the big player again makes liquidity available and pushes the price down. There he gets out of his dollar position and pushes the price down to Point E. He gets out of the euro by making himself available liquidity. Then the price is pushed up 60 ticks again, where it finally gets out of his 3000 Lot Ask with iceberg orders.

Let us now take a closer look at this overall situation. At point A, the market sees a large number of market buy orders. Many market participants will assume that the price will now go up. The big player pushes the price down and uses the stops of the long traders to reach his goals faster. At the lower low, he gets out of his dollar position via iceberg orders, collects 500 Lot Ask from the short traders and then pushes the price up. At Point E, he immediately leaves the euro with 2500 lots by making himself available liquidity. The market now only shows 2500 Lot Market Buy orders. Traders see these large orders and know exactly what happened a few hours ago when large market buy orders came into the market. You take a short position and the big player uses the stops to push the market further up. The other traders who were initially waiting now see that the price is going up and start with a long position. Because the price is slowly going up, more long traders come in. The big player is now taking advantage of the situation and is selling his 3000 lot to the long traders who hope for a strong price increase.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The resulting calculations from slide 7 can be found here explicitly.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Now we come to the overall calculation.

Normal procedure

The normal procedure (trading in equilibrium) requires a total volume of 7000 lots. Since the big player does not have its own volume available, the required market volume is also 7000 lots. The time required is 15 hours, with 467 lots being traded per hour. In total, the big player wins an amount of $ 1,312,500, so the profit per lot is $ 188. The hourly profit is $ 87,500.

Entry with own liquidity

With this procedure, a total of 10,000 lots are traded, less own liquidity of 2,000 lots, resulting in a required market volume of 8,000 lots. 370 lots are traded per hour in 27 hours and the total profit is $ 1,875,000. The profit per lot is $ 234 and the profit per hour is $ 69,444.

Entry and exit with own liquidity

A total of 14,000 lots are traded here, less 7000 lots of own liquidity, resulting in a required market volume of 7000 lots. In 23 hours, 609 lots are traded per hour and the profit is $ 2,812,500. That gives a win per lot of $ 402 and an hourly win of $ 122,283.

The problem of a big player is not his capital, because he has enough of it. The problem is the volume on the market that does not allow him to get the positions he wants. The key point in our comparison is the volume that the big player needs from the market. At Point A & C this market volume is comparable, at Point B more volume are required.

Point C is twice as efficient as Point B. The profit per hour at Point C is 40% higher than normal trading in equilibrium (Point A). The same market volume is required in both cases, although the total volume doubles. In 15 hours, the big player makes $ 1,312,500 from Equilibrium trading and $ 1,834,000 from Point C. This is twice as efficient as Point B. The procedure at Point C becomes more effective the more often the big player makes himself available liquidity for the exit. He can play this game as often as he likes within a long upward or downward trend and thus achieves significantly higher efficiency.

So we can clearly see that the use of market orders by the big players is a very interesting alternative that we could possibly see more often in the future. With this approach, the big players can confuse the market even more. This means they are indirectly able to compensate for weak volumes and at the same time save a lot of money because they no longer have to collect in the equilibrium. When collecting in the Equilibrium, the price has to be kept within a range, that costs a lot of time and money, which is partly eliminated by the procedure of Point C.

There are even more efficient approaches, but I don't want to publish them here in order not to unnecessarily support the big players. I'm curious how long it will take them to figure it out. This will probably not happen, however, because the big players have been on the market for many decades and I am surprised that the expensive analysts and software developers are program such strategies. But they will probably not change anything until they are forced to do it. Just like Goldman Sachs, which has reduced their daily income by 50% in recent years.

It doesn't really matter which strategies the big players pursue, whoever is deeply involved in this market will find out relatively quickly and thus has an enormous market advantage. The big players only change their strategies when their profits drop dramatically. Why should you change something that is still working? But we can already see from the experiments that have been carried out in the past few months that the big players have lost considerable revenue. The retail traders' approach is getting better and, at the same time, it is becoming increasingly difficult to take money from them. It is a kind of upgrade that is emerging in this market and I am convinced that with the new technology, that is available to retail traders today, the big players have to move quite a bit in order to continue to make good profits in the future.

We retail traders are on the right track, but we have to learn a lot every day and say goodbye to old habits. The market will be much heavier in the future and if you miss the opportunity now, you won't have a chance in a few years.

I wish you a successful trading week

Lovely wishes

Micha

--- 帖子 #1467 ---
Currency strength dashboard and Stophunting chart

Hello dear subscribers,

A few days ago I was asked to speak again about my Forex charts, explicitly about the currency strength. I promised to provide a detailed report on the forex charts I use. Of course, today you will receive the indicators I used, with a profile template, links for an exact explanation and two videos for a better presentation.

First of all, I would like to give you a rough overview of the strategy I use. I started my training as a financial service provider for banks, stocks and investment funds in 1987. In 2006 I had my first experience with the MT4 under Windows XP, for which a fee was still charged. From 2010 I focused almost exclusively on the Forex market and registered as a professional trader according to the ESMA regulation. I am among the 4% of professional Forex traders in Europe who can trade up to 400 with a leverage, and at the same time I have extremely good protection in the event of an uncontrolled outbreak. First of all, I worked exclusively with Forex data (supply and demand) for many years by trading the short movements within a equilibrium. The basis for this was initially the psychology and method of the big players, which I have been dealing with for many years.

The tick charts were responsible for the fact that I had a closer look at the stock market data and found that this data has a similar structure. This led to some interesting projects in the past year. I compared different providers of stock market data, got closer to high-frequency trading and the big players and looked for suitable software that could be used to translate the stock market data according to my specifications. In recent years, I also completed my Oracle Certified Master in Java and programmed some auxiliary indicators for the MT4. You can download the most important ones today. I am currently using my programming knowledge to program C # filter settings for my stock exchange software. These filter settings help me identify algorithms.

A year ago, I met a friend who had worked for the world's largest radio frequency dealer for many years. Through him I got to know a completely new world that has nothing to do with an MT4 chart. The buy and sell offers are displayed on special screens every second. The trading platform does not correspond to our well-known principle of price-time priority. The basis is pauses in trading between 10-50 milliseconds and thus create uniform starting conditions. Just as there is always a fixed volume value in the tick chart, the pauses of 10-50 milliseconds are fixed there. A kind of microequilibrium. With this I recognized again how important the equilibrium is for a successful trade. The focus on the equilibrium is interesting because it shows the uncertainty of the market. From an equilibrium, it can only run up or down. The behavior of these big players is so brutal and merciless that I wanted to find out more about them. With the help of the stock exchange data, I got to know the relationships between the decisive algorithms.

The pure candles or price information gives us traders a wrong picture of the market, because a strong bullish candle does not necessarily mean that someone is buying the euro to push the price higher. Once a big player sells their dollars after a downtrend, a strong bullish candle can also emerge. However, this is not evident from the pure candlestick representation in the Forex. A price does not change because a moving average has been exceeded, an RSI is overbought or a fibozone has been reached, but because market orders fulfill the limit orders. The price is always the result of volume and liquidity, but this information is not available in Forex. The big players determine the market and pursue a specific goal and this can only be recognized if you know what they are up to. Many years ago I thought that I could use the candlestick chart to determine trends and resistance zones. Our brain is programmed to automatically identify patterns in random movements. We always identify random patterns. By carefully analyzing the futures data with my prop software, I came to the conclusion that there are actually no trends and no real resistance zones. The resistance zones we see are initiated by the big players to deceive us, and supposed trends are there to mislead retail traders. In fact, the big players don't pay attention to resistance zones at all, because they create these zones themselves.

Every market has its advantages and disadvantages. I was looking for similarities between forex data and futures data. The art is to use a combination of both dates to reduce the drawbacks and increase the benefits. I use the data from the future and forex market at the same time to get the fastest information. The future market offers the greatest chance of winning, the forex market the best profit distribution. Therefore, I act in the Forex market exclusively on the basis of the future data. I have already described this procedure in great detail in this blog.

The forex market has many advantages over the future market. The price movements are 5 times larger, which automatically increases the volatility. Therefore, the Forex market is much more sensitive, which means that the currency strength, the ATR, my developed Bionic candle and the strength of the different price movements provide more precise data. For this reason, I can not do without this data either. However, please note that my decisions to enter and exit are made solely on the basis of stock market data.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Albert Einstein once said: Only a genius will controlled the chaos. This will be clear at the latest when we look for a specific screw in our untidy screw box that we urgently need. After hours of searching, we get into the car and drive to the hardware store to buy the screw. A week later, we find in our chaos,exactly the screw we would have needed. If we think about, how much time we have spent looking for certain things, in our lives, we should have learned from it. The time and money factor plays a significantly larger role in the stock market. That was precisely the reason why I created a work environment, to save time and make more money with this benefit.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In order to save time in the trade, my optimal work environment was created over the past 10 years. Does a trader really need eight screens to be successful? No, because success has nothing to do with the number of screens. When I started in the industry over ten years ago, I only had two screens. First and foremost, I work with eight screens to save the tedious switching of charts. In addition, I work on different projects that also require a certain screen area. My eight screens result in a total area of approximately 2.5 m², with 25% of the area being used for the forex market and 75% of the area for the future market.

Point A

My main screen contains the essential elements to identify the big player algorithms. In addition to the heat map and a special limit profile, I also use two special footprint charts for the limit orders, with a filtered out imbalance. The decisive factor is a special DoM with different filter settings in spoofing as well as different time and sales lists to identify the respective strength of the market orders and limit orders.

Point B

Only relevant limit orders are displayed in this chat in order to monitor the respective collection campaigns in an accumulation or distribution phase.

Point C

Only triggered stops that were recorded by the corresponding limit orders are monitored here. This is a crucial aid in identifying the exits of the big players.

Point D

Here we see my trading screen in the Forex market, next to it a daily limit profile from the stock market to monitor absorption at certain price levels.

Point E

On this screen there is a limit profile in the M5, several time and sales lists that have been filtered differently and a range chart.

Point F

In addition to the cumulative delta, there is a display of the open interest, this data is only available in the Russian market. We also see another limit profile in H1.

Point G

Here we see my dashboard from the Forex market, which we will deal with today.

Point H

Here we see a chart with Bionic candles to measure the respective movement strength and to identify the key candle for the Stophunting. I will go into that in more detail today.

I only make my trading decision based on the information that my main screen gives me. However, I also get important information from the Forex market, which I keep an eye on at all times.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here you have a rough overview of the screens from point A to F again, but it should be noted that these charts are spread over approximately 2 m² of screen space.

I have already dealt with the individual representations of these charts very specifically in my blog. Since I, as a scalper, complete around 20-30 trades per day, I need a very large amount of different information. The faster this information comes in, the better.

Here you have a rough overview of the screens from point A to F, but it should be noted that these charts are spread over approximately 2 m² of screen space. I have already dealt with the individual representations of these charts very specifically in my blog. Since I, as a scalper, complete around 20-30 trades per day, I need a very large amount of different information. The faster this information comes in, the better. On average, my main trades run between 30-60 seconds, although different trades can sometimes run for 1-2 hours. The main trades are aimed exclusively at identifying the small breakouts within a candle and taking them with you. This procedure requires a very high level of concentration and is incredibly exhausting. That's why I need all the important information at a glance. My entries and exits are derived exclusively from the identified algorithms, whereby at this moment I do not pay attention to the candles at all, but only act from the DoM. A very crucial aspect is two different tones that acoustically show me the current market situation. I pay less attention to bid and ask, but more to the sizes in the form of best ask and best bid. I always have the current volatility in my ears. I will go into this in more detail in another article.

So that you first get an impression of the dashboard, I have prepared a short video for you.

Inserted Video

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

My dashboard contains a total of 24 different charts, which are represented by 19 different indicators. Interestingly, these indicators only require approximately 100 MB of RAM during operation. The value naturally increases in higher volatility phases. On the other hand, my software needs up to 10 GB of RAM to translate the stock exchange data. Since I have already described most of the indicators within my blog, you will find a link under my explanation. There you will find further information, some with videos. My dashboard is aimed exclusively at the EURUSD, but you have the possibility to use it to analyze the 28 most important currency pairs. You have to spend a little time for this, I have already created the templates for you.

Point A

Indicator for important meetings and publication of figures that can be filtered by priority and currency.

Point B

The daily range can be set for each currency pair.

Point C

Here the daily range was divided into three different time zones. Red = USA, green = Asia, blue = Europe. You can change the times individually.

Point D

An overview in the daily chart, with the Bionic candle and the respective trend strength. We will take a closer look at this chart view in the Stophunting area later.

Point E

An oscillator in the M5 that shows the strength of the up and down movements. You can find detailed information here:

EURUSD Trader positioning in MT4

Point F

The same oscillator in the M1 that shows the strength of the up and down movements. For me, however, this runs in a tick chart.

Point G

This indicator shows the investment of 1 lot at the respective open in the different time units.

Bionic time is money indicator

Point H

If you had invested in the Daily open, 1 lot, this indicator shows how the profit / loss at the high, low and current price would have developed.

Bionic Time is Money High Low

Point I

Here I get different information about the price, the spread and the time.

Point J

The ATR in M1 and M5, red = average of the last 1000 candles, yellow = average of the last 100 candles, green = average of the last 10 candles, white = current candle.

Point K

This is about the percentage distribution of bullish and bearish movements. The indicator is used to identify possible reversals earlier. The calculation is relatively easy because the simplest things are often the most successful. There is an upper and a lower level. The upper level shows all bullish movements and the lower level shows all bearish movements. Both levels have a range of 100%. Every movement within a candle is displayed in percent, no matter how big that candle is. That brings even faster information. The indicator now measures the relationship between the main movement and the withdrawal within the bionic candle. So you can look into the candle even faster and deeper.

Bionic percentage balance indicator 1.2

Supplement to the Bionic Percentage Balance Indicator

Point L

An indicator of currency strength that I modified a little. Green shows the euro strength and red shows the dollar strength in 7 decisive currency pairs, within nine different time units.

Currency strength in the forex market

Point M

These are two indicators that show the currency strength. The upper indicator is for the medium-term area, the lower one for the very short-term area. Green stands for the euro, red for the dollar. M1 is my preferred time unit, for the short term area. The dashed white line is the zero line. If a currency is above the white line, it is considered strong, if it is below the line, it is considered weak. However, the top indicator also contains other currencies that have been made invisible. Of course you can compare all major currencies.

The lower indicator is an interesting strength indicator that can react faster than the price chart. Here the euro is compared to the dollar. The currency strength indicator is a kind of currency basket in which two different currency strengths are compared, in this case the euro and the dollar. This indicator reacts very quickly to currency fluctuations and is therefore a nice confirmation for the upper indicator. I made a very interesting observation that this indicator sometimes reacts faster than the price. The following situation: The red line of the dollar and the green line of the euro both fall slowly. So we are in balance. Suddenly the green line shoots up. This means that the euro is much stronger against the dollar. A bullish candle is created a few seconds later. I once tried to trade on it for fun. It worked a couple of times, but I strongly warn against it. This type of display takes some getting used to. If the green line is up and the red line is down, it means that we have a strength in the euro and a weakness in the dollar. That speaks for rising prices. If the red line is above and the green line is below, it means that we have strength in the dollar and weakness in the euro. That speaks for falling courses. Two different indicators are required for this display.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Since many of you also deal with other currency pairs, I provide you with the other 6 most important currencies indicators. This allows you to create the currency strength of 28 currency pairs.

The next chart is about Stophunting. Let's start with a video.

Inserted Video

In the video, the numbers above the ZigZag indicator are missing, of course they are included in the download at the end of my post.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In recent years I have developed a presentation that helps me identify the key candle for stophunting. For this I work with a chart that contains 6 different auxiliary indicators. The Bionic candle and the trend strength are very interesting. You can find complete explanations in my blog. Please click on the individual links.

The bionic chart

EURUSD Trader positioning in MT4

How to follow big players with Forex data.

Key candles in Stophunting

Key candle Stophunting II

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Since the creation of these charts using templates would be too complicated, I created two complete profiles for you. At point A you will find the indicators Stophunting and at point B you will find the indicators for the dashboard. First you have to insert the indicators in your MT 4. Now there are two profiles at Point C Bionic stophunting and at Point D Bionic Dashboard. You have to put these profiles in the profile folder of the MT4. Then you can call up the individual charts via the profile folder. But first you should close the MT4 and then restart it.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

When you access the dashboard for the first time, the MADash indicator may not be displayed. Go to the settings of the indicator and press ok, then the display should appear. As soon as all indicators are running, please press the button (Point B). This removes all frames and you should see the illustration, as on my slide number 4. If you then click on the individual charts, you can optimally center the charts. This is a bit strange at the beginning but you will get along quickly. I would also like to note that I have set up the dashboard to a screen size of HD 1920 x 1080, since many of you are not working with 4K. If your screen resolution is smaller or larger, you have to adjust the charts. There could possibly be problems due to different MT4 versions. Therefore I ask for leniency. It took a lot of time and nerves to create this dashboard, but the information often helped me.

Of course, I would like to mention that most of the indicators were developed by excellent programmers, many of whom are members of FF. Thank you again for that.

When the charts are running, I recommend that you adapt them individually to your needs. First of all, you need to know each indicator exactly in order to get crucial information from it. So check out my reports (links) about it. The dashboard then develops further individually. I always remove the indicators that I have paid little attention to in the course of a week. So you develop an optimal dashboard over time. If you work with different currency pairs, you can save different dashboards for individual currency pairs via the profile. They can then be called up relatively quickly.

I would be very happy if the information helps you and if you are satisfied, I look forward to your feedback.

I wish you a nice weekend.

Greetings Michael

Attached File(s)   Indi Dashboard.zip

1.1 MB
|
2,523 downloads
Attached File(s)   Indi Stophunting.zip

160 KB
|
2,071 downloads

--- 帖子 #1468 ---
Michael, it never ceases to amaze me, the sheer volume of priceless information you supply here, on your thread. It genuinely boggles the mind!

Have a great weekend, buddy.

--- 帖子 #1469 ---
Priceless information

Hello lemercenaire,

First of all I would like to thank you, and everyone else who liked my post. As you know, this blog was created as a kind of diary years ago to document my personal development. Every trader has different thoughts about trading and it is not always easy to understand each other's thoughts exactly. This is because people have different approaches to solve challenges(problems). When I read my blog in retrospect, I noticed that I was often wrong and interpreted things differently than I do today. It also shows me that a development process has taken place and that was exactly the goal. Thanks to everyone who supports this blog.

It is not the criticism because someone disagreed with me. It is often their questions that give me the material to think about it more specifically. To explain my thoughts, I often use pictorial language and try to make comparisons with everyday things in life. This in turn helps me to advance further developments. When you write things down, you have to think about them longer than when you explain them. However, I am not so arrogant to believe that my view reflects the correct presentation of the market. This truth is just my opinion and if you all benefit from it, it will be a pleasure to keep this blog alive. I'm not a better trader just because I put my creative thoughts into practice, I only compete with myself and that's exactly what is my personal secret to success.

I question my actions every day and know that I am still far from the goal. Nevertheless, I get closer to this goal every day and the distance to the Big Boys is getting smaller and smaller. But the big players with their professional technology, their thousands of programmers and analysts will always lead the way and dominate the market. It will be impossible to catch up with them, but every millimeter that we come closer get brings us decisive trading advantages. These benefits, only come from more information, as the other 5 million retail traders have.

When you start trading as a beginner, it's all about losing as little money as possible. As a professional, it's all about losing less money than the other professionals. We often see traders making insanely high profits and we ask ourselves what we are doing wrong. We are not doing anything wrong. Earning profits is easy, the trick is to keep profits long-term. What we see is an illusory world, they are shown the profits, but never the losses. It's like on Facebook or Instagram. We see great cars, beautiful people, parties, vacations, life in wealth but not the truth behind these things.

Steve Jobs changed the world with his ideas and died in 2011 at the age of 56. After that, a letter is said to have appeared that he wrote before his death. Here are the most important passages.

I have reached the peak of success in the business world. In the eyes of people, my life is a single success story. But apart from my work, I have had little joy in my life. Ultimately, my wealth is only a factor in life that I've got used to. The moment I lie in a bed and look back at my life so far, I understand that all the appreciation and wealth that I was so proud of have lost value in the face of my impending death. I can't take the wealth I've accumulated over the course of my life with me. What I can take with me, however, are memories that are based on love and were created with love. Maybe you can afford a chauffeur who will drive the car for you. Or you can afford employees who will earn the money for you. But nobody will be able to endure all your illnesses for you. You have to do it all by yourself. Material values and things that we have lost can be found again. But there is one thing, if it is lost, it cannot be found - and that is life.

I don't know if this letter was actually written by Steve Jobs, but everyone can learn something from it.

I would like to thank all subscribers once again; for your questions, for your criticism, for your ideas, for your support and for your praise.

Thanks a lot for this

best regards

Michael

--- 帖子 #1470 ---
I have never come across the Jobs letter before. Whether or not it is genuine, the thoughts expressed are sobering ones for sure.

--- 帖子 #1471 ---
Ah well, it was a nice thought. Snopes proved the letter a hoax circulated via FB from a blog. The above is an ammended edited version also. The original was a polemic designed to push some conversion to God.

Doesn't take away from the idea, at least in the part posted above. However for me, the late, very great Warren Zevon said it just as well when - as he was dying from cancer - he was asked if he had anything meaningful to leave as a thought on life...he replied, "Enjoy every sandwich".

Oh and for the record and to keep those of us like myself who cherish detail happy, Jobs' actual last words were, "Oh wow. Oh wow. Oh wow." Guess we'll all have to wait our turn to see if we have the same reaction.

As a further aside, his last words to his estranged daughter were, "You smell like a toilet".

Oh well indeed, lol.

--- 帖子 #1472 ---
Addendum to the Post "Dasboard"

Hello dear subscribers,

In the Forex Factory forum, the number of Forex traders is significantly larger than the future traders. I am 100% on the side of the Forex traders, because I trade almost exclusively in Forex. The only difference, I use the stock market data to get in and out. And it is precisely this aspect that makes some explanations seem very complicated here. This is because stock market data go deep into the market. The price is always the result of volume and liquidity, the candle the result of volume, liquidity and time. In the Forex market, we only get the effect with the price and the time, the cause of liquidity and volume remains hidden from us. In principle, stock market data is an unbeatable forex indicator that comes closest to the propagated holy grail (which will never exist). The stock market data accurately represent the market and many professionals appreciate that. Those who recognize the benefits can benefit enormously from them. Unfortunately, this is a lot of work and requires a complete rethink.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

On Friday, I made my crucial Forex charts available to you in the form of a profile with detailed explanations.

Currency strength dashboard and Stophunting chart

I noticed that the dashboard was downloaded more often than the chart stophunting. This could be because some subscribers are already working with it. I would like to highlight my Chart Stophunting once again. With this procedure you can identify the key candle to determine the specific turning points in the chart. The links in my post show you concrete examples. Therefore I strongly recommend that you also pay attention to this representation.

I wish you a successful trade next week.

best regards

Michael

--- 帖子 #1473 ---
Fast and furious

Hello dear subscriber,

When I opened my blog at Forex Factory 28 months ago, I chose the name Bionics. Bionics is based on the assumption that living nature develops optimized structures and processes from which humans can learn from their evolutionary course. The earth is almost 4.5 billion years old and during this time nature has developed incredible things that people already benefit from today. A well-known example of this is Leonardo da Vinci's idea of transferring bird flight to flying machines. An example from modern life is the Velcro inspired by Velcro or think of dragonflies and the helicopter. The lotus effect was also brought into our lives by nature, things that clean themselves because no dirt sticks to them. Bionics are research and development approaches that pursue a technical application interest and use knowledge from the analysis of living systems in the search for problem solutions, inventions and innovations and transfer this knowledge to technical systems. The idea of the transfer from biology to technology is the central element of bionics. Anyone looking for a new innovation should steal from nature.

Nature has already developed everything in 4.5 billion years, we humans have not yet discovered it. In nature we find vaccines or cures for diseases that we do not know yet. We will know in the next 1000 years whether nature can be transferred to stock exchange prices. In any case, certain natural laws apply from which we can learn. For many years I have been trading relatively risk-free, short movements within an equilibrium (accumulation and distribution phases) where the big players have collected bid or ask. In these phases, the big players are tame like a sleeping lion. Due to changing market conditions, the big players began to make liquidity available to themselves. This enables them to save the accumulation and distribution phases and at the same time to earn money faster. You can find a report here.

Evaluation of the big player experiments

From 2018, I developed and implemented various ideas in Forex Factory in order to achieve trading advantages. Below I have listed the 16 most important ideas.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Point A

The first project to be carried out involved measuring the strength of different trends using the zigzag indicator. This information can be used to identify clear pullbacks and immediately recognize the direction in which the retail traders have positioned themselves.

Point B

I had the idea of the bionics candle for a long time, it is a candle that does not use the Open and thus a 25% information saving. The wicks have been eliminated and the pullbacks can be seen at a glance.

Point C

With the help of the zigzag indicator you can draw supply and demand zones on the chart. In combination with the bionic candle and the trend strength, this tool is a great help to identify possible turning points.

Point D

This indicator divides the bullish and bearish movements in percentages, so that you are able to show the strength of a candle.

Point E

For many years I have been working with different dashboards that give me important information at a glance. In my last post you will find my current dashboard to download.

Currency strength dashboard and Stophunting chart

Point F

The Bionic Power Indicator is a kind of delta that shows the strength, from bullish and bearish movements, of a candle.

Point G

In the field of money management, the pip achieved and the risk factor per minute is a crucial point in order to achieve efficient profits.

Point H

With the identification of the key candle, it is easier to understand the stophunting of the big players.

Point I

I have found that the volume information of the individual brokers is wrong, so I have developed a volume indicator that is calculated solely from the price and comes very close to the actual volume from the future market.

Point J

The prices of the Forex and Future markets arise almost exactly at the same time. This gave rise to the idea of using the exchange data as crucial information for the forex market.

Point K

The market orders are displayed in the stock market, the limit orders are not. This gave rise to the idea of making limit orders visible in the chart.

Point L

The iceberg orders are behind the limit orders, with a certain filtering I tried to make these iceberg orders visible in the chart.

Point M

In fact, market orders move the market, which is what many volume traders rely on. This assumption is wrong, however, because limit orders actually move the market.

Point N

The big players have carried out many experiments in recent years, including making liquidity available to themselves. I did extensive research on this.

Point O

Through different filter settings I managed to show the strength of the market orders and the strength of the limit orders in the chart.

Point P

The algorithms control the market orders and limit orders. With the help of different modules, I try to identify these algorithms.

The ideas and projects described here are detailed in this blog. All associated indicators can be downloaded free of charge, many contributions are underlaid with videos. My trading approach uses only proprietary approaches, because in my view the market is much more complex than many market participants think. A sustainable strategy has not been developed in the past 600 years, so I use my creativity to develop my own trading advantages. I am strongly oriented towards the big players, which influence 85% of the market. Today I would like to present you another creative idea with which I am already working very successfully and with which no one has yet worked. However, this idea sounds completely crazy at first.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

You sit intently in front of your trading screen and wait for the right opportunity to get started. Suddenly our eyes register an opportunity, the nerves send the information to our brain, which in turn controls our hands to make the corresponding trade. We press the Buy button and our computer sends the order over the Internet to our broker, who opens this order for us. We are now in the market, a strong bullish candle has shot up, but we entered the market far too late. Now we are seeing a big player push the price down and the price is getting closer to our stop loss. What should we do? Give the price some air and expand the stop loss or get out now because we missed the entry? We get out and a second later, the price rises sharply again. If we stay in it, the price may be pushed into our extended stop and we are annoyed that we did not exit directly. A situation that every beginner has experienced before, for some it is even a recurring Deja Vu. What just happened here?

Well, we reacted correctly, but unfortunately much too slowly. One reason for this could be a much too high latency that many traders have to deal with on a daily basis. In some cases, retail traders work with latencies of 100-200ms, which bring a large trading disadvantage. Good ping times are 20-30ms, which can usually only be achieved with fiber optic cable. The big players and high-frequency traders have long been working with microwaves that are theoretically faster than the light and reach latencies of 5-8ms. These are worlds that we retail traders will never reach because the costs of this technology would consume enormous amounts. In principle, however, the big players have no decisive advantage because there is a factor that cannot be accelerated even with a latency of 1 ms. This factor is limited by our sensory stimuli.

We humans perceive our environment with 5 senses, I mean the ability to see, hear, smell, feel and taste. In science, this means whole sensory systems. With the help of the external sensory organs - eyes, ears, mouth, nose and skin - visual, acoustic, gustatory, olfactory and haptic stimuli are registered, which are then processed in the brain. Many millions of sensations are registered every day, most of which are only perceived unconsciously.

Which of these 5 senses could theoretically be used for trading? Tasting and smelling would probably be difficult and would fall out. Three senses remain: seeing, feeling and hearing. What sense do we mainly use for trading? The correct answer: the sense of sight, with the help of our eyes. We will now take a closer look at whether this is a good decision.

The sense of sight: Visual stimuli such as images, colors or shapes are the most important for human senses. The sense of sight provides around 80 percent of all information from the environment that we process in the brain. It has the highest absorption capacity of all senses, followed by hearing and touch. The diverse content, messages and associations that are associated with an image can be transported very quickly. Our visual perception is subject to weak cognitive control. This enables key emotional stimuli to be used that automatically force our attention. Advertising benefits considerably from this.

The sense of touch: Haptic stimuli such as shapes, materials and surfaces can strongly influence product and brand perception. In combination with the sense of sight, haptic stimuli ultimately decide to buy a product in a car or furniture store. Haptic senses also help to make the right decision in the fruit and vegetable market. 10,000 receptors sit alone on the skin surface of one hand and wait for signals. In addition, human well-being is created through touch. Compared to seeing, hearing, smelling or tasting, the sense of touch is rather low perception. We rely more on our eyes.

The sense of hearing: Acoustic stimuli include sounds, melodies and rhythms that are perceived through our sense of hearing. The sense of hearing is the most differentiated of all five senses. It is far more sensitive, precise and also more powerful than the eye. Words are processed much faster than pictures. Around 6-10 words can be processed at the same time that an image can be processed by the brain. Our hearing is directly connected to moods. Different tones lead to a different, emotional effect on the recipient and thus determine the behavior. Music can make us cry, the voice of people we love has a calming effect.

What is interesting is the different speed of reaction to different stimuli. People react fastest to tactile and acoustic stimuli, followed by visual stimuli. Tactile stimuli can sometimes be received faster than acoustic stimuli, but the challenge lies in the fact that tactile stimuli cannot be clearly differentiated. This means that our sense of sight is the slowest to react to external stimuli. The sense of sight, from the point of view of the speed of reaction, is therefore rather disadvantageous for action.

From a physical point of view, what our senses identify as simultaneous has not always happened simultaneously. We still perceive optical stimulations that do not follow each other for more than 20-40ms as a single stimulus. The television and cinema industry is based on this. From around 14 to 16 frames per second, the human brain perceives successive images as moving images. Current frame rates are between 24 and 48 frames per second (24-48 Hz). Our sense of touch reacts much more sensitively with 10-20ms. Our sense of hearing cannot temporally resolve two acoustic stimuli that are 3-5ms apart, these are experienced as one sound event. If you output the tones in one ear via headphones, from a difference of approx, 2ms they are no longer felt in the middle of the head, but laterally offset.

First a stimulus must be perceived, then there is a reaction time to implement the stimulus. If you should respond to a stimulus as quickly as possible (e.g. press a button) in a reaction test, you need at least 100ms (0.1s), but usually longer. Intensive training can increase your reaction speed. In the optical range you can improve from 360ms to 240ms and in the acoustic range from 180ms to 100ms. Both hands can be equally powerful. It is interesting that our reactions take place preferably in intervals of approximately 30-40 ms. This means that we are only able to decide over 25-30 decision points per second.

So we first perceive a certain stimulus (candle begins to rise) and need a certain reaction time to implement this stimulus (we want to buy). We press the buy button and now my order must be sent to the broker. The latency is crucial for this. Now let’s look at that in theory.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

At point A we see the total theoretical time it takes us to trade, divided between our three different senses. With the help of our eyes, we are only barely half a second later in the trade, while we could halve this time via sounds.

At point B we see the times that result when we train our reaction time. In the ideal case, we could be in the market four times faster using headphones, than with our untrained eyes. In the example, I assumed very good latency (20ms), which can be achieved via an optical fiber connection. With a poorer internet connection or a catastrophic broker, these times can increase significantly.

Identification with sounds or with our sense of touch beats our sense of sight by a long way. Basically, the question should be asked why we should make a trade decision in the future with the reaction time of our eyes. I have been using the acoustic stimuli with great success for some time. I would like to show you an example. I recorded a video using two different tones for bid and ask. If you watch the video, you will initially have problems to tell the different tones apart. This is completely normal at the beginning, because the senses first have to get used to it.

Inserted Video

In addition to the visual effect in the video, you could hear two different tones that give us specific information about what's going on in the market. The lighter tone was used for the ask, the deeper tone for the bid. I only filtered cumulative market sell orders and cumulative market buy orders from 2 lots, as long as they were created within 1/1000 second. We see the price going up and at the same time, strong market sell orders are entering the market. In the example, we can perceive a rapid sequence of different tones. For this you should work with special tones that are able to react quickly. With these tones you are able to identify different information much faster than with the eyes. The current example was very extreme since I have shown almost all incoming bid and ask. I myself do not work with bid and ask, but with a special filtering in the area of limit orders. When working with bid and ask, you can hear the current volatility in the background. So you can also deal with other things and automatically hear, when more orders come into the market.

I found the first test results with different tones to be very helpful, especially since I selected tones that didn't bother me. With the right filter setting, I was able to capture certain situations much faster and thus achieved a significantly better performance. However, I still used my eyesight too much, which still limits my reaction times. But it gets better every day.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I developed a strategy from this idea. I got the idea because I was allowed to fly a helicopter myself 13 years ago. Of course, an experienced pilot was sitting next to me, who could intervene at any time. First, the pilot took control to take the helicopter up in the air. A helicopter is controlled with three different taxes. The joystick, or cyclic, is used in hover to move the helicopter to the left, right, front or back. In forward flight, the Cyclic initiates the curves or the ascent and descent. With the pedals, the helicopter can be turned around the vertical axis, and with the Collective, the pilot controls the climb and descent in hover, and together with the Cyclic, the speed in forward flight. With each helicopter, the joystick is operated with the right hand and the collective with the left. The feet are used to control the tail rotor via the pedals. Due to the instability of a helicopter, the Cyclic must not be released in flight unless the helicopter is equipped with an automatic stabilization system.

When we were in the air, I took control. It didn't work at first because my feet and hands had to balance 3 dimensions at the same time and I was constantly thinking about which properties are assigned to the Collective and Cyclic in combination with the pedals. The pilot recommended switching off my head and only flying with the feeling. After a few minutes, I was able to fly the helicopter. It was a little more difficult later to keep the helicopter in the air, but I succeeded a few times. These experiences gave me the idea of receiving and implementing information from trading in a completely new form.

The goal is to completely relieve the sense of sight and to concentrate exclusively on the sense of hearing and touch. The sense of hearing and touch should receive different information from the DoM and the time and sales list in order to make faster decisions. First and foremost, these are the individually filtered algorithms that are intended to address the sense of hearing and touch in different ways. I have developed some ideas that I would like to implement this year. However, this is still a big challenge because it places certain demands on my technology.

Conclusion:

Big players and high-frequency traders are investing millions of dollars to use microwaves to reduce latencies from 15ms to 8ms, but this is of little benefit due to the limited sensory stimuli (sense of sight). What is the use of a tuned vehicle that can reach 200 miles if the road is damaged and such a speed does not allow it? A change from optical stimuli to acoustic stimuli brings significantly greater advantages.

Our sense of hearing reacts 4 times faster and our sense of touch reacts 2 times faster than our eyes. However, we only act with our sense of sight. We can see three-dimensional charts with our eyes, but the response time will always be too slow. That is why I would like to concentrate on sense of touch and hearing in the future. I need 2 different information from the DoM and 2 different information from the times and sales list, which should affect my sense of touch and hearing. Our two brains react differently to signals, and this property can be used extremely well. This would make it theoretically possible to process a simultaneous, four-dimensional information architecture. What is decisive is what type of information we receive and how it specifically affects our senses. By using the sense of touch and hearing, trades could be implemented a total of 3 times faster than with the eyes. However, this procedure also requires special training, since at the same time the sense of sight must be shut down completely.

At first that sounds completely crazy, but when people talked about walking on the moon in the 1950s, they were also declared crazy. Maybe one day trading will take place with special suits that send information to our fastest senses. But that is still a long way off. First of all, we use the opportunities that we have to achieve smaller trading advantages. It is enough if you manage to identify Bid and Ask using special headphones.

Resounding success is always a step from the visible known to the hidden unknown. This idea may be the first step in a new future. We will see.

I wish you a successful trading week

best regards

Michael

--- 帖子 #1474 ---
Currency strength dashboard and Stophunting chart

Hello dear subscribers,

First of all, I am pleased that the interest, in the provided dashboard from the Forex market, was so great.

Currency strength dashboard and Stophunting chart

I am aware that the structure of my dashboard contains 24 different charts and is therefore not easy to create. Nevertheless, I hope that you will get important information from it. The indicator that hides the frame creates significantly more space, which means that the charts can be displayed more clearly.

I wish you continued success.

Lovely wishes

Michael

--- 帖子 #1475 ---
Iceberg orders are much smaller than we suspect

Hello dear subscribers,

An iceberg order is a limited buy or sell order on a stock exchange, where the total volume is not visible in the open order book. You can see only a small fraction of it. In addition to the total number of Lots, the iceberg order defines the peak number of Lots that corresponds to the visible part of the order. After they have been fulfilled, another order with the same peak volume automatically advances until the entire order volume has been fulfilled. This means that an iceberg order is only effective at one price level. The CME only supports two types of iceberg orders: native and synthetic. Four weeks ago I briefly discussed iceberg orders.

20% of the total volume are iceberg orders

Result: Around 20% of the total trading volume is accounted for by iceberg orders, which can increase to 52% depending on the market situation and market environment. Over 50% of synthetic iceberg orders were canceled before they were fully executed. The synthetic iceberg orders use an average of 4 -5 tranches with an average peak of 4-5 lots. The average total volume of complete synthetic iceberg orders is between 10 and 20 lots. It is interesting to mention that the order sizes are often a multiple of 5, such as B. 10, 15 or 20.

A very complex analysis was carried out 8 months ago in the S&P 500 to identify iceberg orders and investigate them. The algorithms used for this achieved an accuracy of 68%. Here you can find the results of the investigation.

Attached File(s)   CME Iceberg Order Detection and Prediction.pdf

776 KB
|
1,544 downloads

In this investigation, it emerged that about 20% of the total trading volume was generated by iceberg orders. There have been several studies in recent years, depending on the market situation and market environment, up to 52% of the total trading volume was achieved by iceberg orders. The iceberg orders are therefore used more often than initially assumed and these are increasingly smaller orders. Iceberg orders are primarily used to absorb the stops of retail traders. However, stops have the peculiarity of being at different price levels, which is why the big players are forced to occupy several price levels with their iceberg orders in order to absorb the decisive volume of the stops. Iceberg orders are used to hide interest in certain price levels.

As a rule, iceberg orders can only be identified after they have been executed. At the moment this is important information, but I am pursuing the approach of identifying iceberg orders at different price levels before they are executed. I will deal with this in more detail in my next post.

Best regards

Michael

--- 帖子 #1476 ---
I would really like that Point H chart....Is that someting can be used without stockmarketdata ore do you need a datafeed for that also......I am sure you have said someting abaut it,but i can grasp all the info you give out even i am sure its very good for thoose who get it....

--- 帖子 #1477 ---
Your  conspiracy theory isn't actually that far off the mark. Think about fibs. Fibs work. Why do they work? Because traders think that they work and so use them....which means fibs work.

Circular logic at its finest.

The same is true of 200 and 20 ma touches.

--- 帖子 #1478 ---
Stock exchange data or forex data?

Hello FXsniper,

Thank you for your kind words. The ideas and indicators of Charts A to I can be used without restriction for the Forex market. Stock market data is required for charts J to P.

Fast and furious

The dashboard and the chart Stophunting ,I posted can also only be used in the Forex market.

Currency strength dashboard and Stophunting chart

I wish you a nice weekend.

best regards

Micha

--- 帖子 #1479 ---
Conspiracy theory

Hello Lemercenaire,

you might even be right about that, although I'm not a fan of conspiracy theories. The big players want the money of the retail traders, but for that, they basically have to take an opposite position to most retail traders. The herd determines the initial market direction, but the big players are able to take the opposite position at the right moment because they need the stops of the retail traders to fill their limit orders.

The dangerous thing about MACD and MA is that the big players know these zones very well, because a high of volume (due to possible stops) is to be expected there. MACD and MA work if one set up his stop strategy accordingly. But that's a big challenge for me. As a retail trader, one have the highest chances if you are not predictable. Most indicators are unfortunately very predictable, as they are used by a large number of retail traders. It's like hiding in the woods at night, with a bright flashlight. The big players and market makers can be happy about that. That is the main reason for me to forego these indicators and to find my own way. The more unpredictable the strategy, the better.

I am currently preparing a detailed article on an unpredictable strategy that I will publish tomorrow.

I wish you a very nice weekend

Lovely wishes

Michael

--- 帖子 #1480 ---
On the trail of the iceberg orders

What we cannot see in the market (limit orders and iceberg orders) are the decisive reasons for price movements.
Bionics

Hello dear subscribers,

Today I want to show you a trade, that I have recorded on video and used the spoofing for my entry. "Spoofing" on the stock exchanges is a pretense of false facts. Many traders use the order book to recognize the level at which there is greater buying or selling interest. The market often runs to these larger limit orders, which signal a willingness to buy in the DoM. If a big player places a larger buy or sell order that is deleted shortly before it is executed, it pretends interests that actually do not exist in reality. Large limit orders at a price level can also signal a possible trend reversal, because if all market orders are absorbed at one price level, the price will not get through.

If there are suddenly large limit sell orders at a price level in the market with a steeply rising price, there are 3 options. The big player wants to get out of the euro there, another big player wants to buy the dollar or it is a fake. As a rule, the big players do not need large, visible limit orders in the DoM, to absorb large volumes at one price level. The actual project is much easier to obscure with iceberg orders. At this important price level, there are no more limit orders than in the other 9 price levels. At the crucial moment, when the limit orders have been used up, the iceberg orders push additional limit orders to the market and fill the important price level again and again.

The big players use the iceberg orders to absorb the stops of retail traders. If large limit orders appear in the market, this could warn retail traders early. For this reason, the specific absorptions of stops are only intercepted with iceberg orders. In most cases, large limit orders are only a diversion to create a wrong picture of supply and demand.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

If you look closely, there are always two different areas of supply and demand in the market. At point A, the market sell orders run into limit buy orders and at point B, market buy orders run into limit buy orders. Since the order types from points A and B never meet, there are two different supply and demand zones. Different market participants act with different interests in the market.

Demand zone (Limit Buy Orders) = Buy Euros or Sell Dollars

Offer zone (Market Sell Orders) = buy dollars or sell euros

Demand zone (Market Buy Orders) = sell dollars or buy euros

Offer zone (Market Sell Orders) = sell euros or buy dollars

If the dollar is exited in a demand zone, this does not speak for rising rates and if the euro is exited in a supply zone, it does not speak for falling rates. Accordingly, there are two different equilibrium. The combination of market sell orders with the limit sell orders (offer) and the combination of market buy orders with the limit buy orders (demand) to create only an average supply or demand zone will fail. The reason is different interests and at the same time, the incalculable iceberg orders.

This creates some challenges!

1. Identification of whether the euro is currently being bought / sold or the dollar being bought / sold.

For this I use the heat map to show me a certain number of cumulative market orders that come into the market within 1/1000 second. I have described the advantages of the heat map here:

Identification of the big player algorithms

2.The respective strength of the limit orders and the market orders

With my 4D strength method, I get a graphical display of the strength of limit sell orders, limit buy orders, market buy orders and market sell orders. You can read about this procedure here:

Act in the eye of the tornado

3. Identification of Stophunting

The big players are constantly interested in the volume that is absorbed through the stops of retail traders. For this I work with a key candle to determine the stophunting. The downloadable chart with a detailed description can be found here:

Currency strength dashboard and Stophunting chart

4. Market analysis: what are the big players currently collecting?

The price moves because the market sell orders run in the limit buy orders and the market buy orders run in the limit sell orders. The fact that the big players primarily work with limit orders leads us to the conclusion that the limit orders are significantly stronger than the market orders. I would even go one step further and make the claim that the limit orders are really moving the market and not the market orders. You can find a detailed report here:

Which is stronger, market orders or limit orders?

The identification of the decisive limit orders shows us the future market direction. This results in more efficient trading decisions. Here you will find further information, please also look at the links in the report!

First results as a liquidity trader

5. The interplay between limit orders and market orders

Using algorithms, big players are able to completely remove sell limit orders from the market and at the same time push the price up with market buy orders. With this you manage to move the price strongly with few market buy orders. This process is a permanent interplay and the algorithms are programmed exactly on it. This process is very efficient and takes place permanently. Here is an example:

The interplay of algo

6.Our eyes deceive us

Our sense of hearing reacts 4 times faster and our sense of touch reacts 2 times faster than our eyes. However, we only act with our sense of sight. We can see three-dimensional charts with our eyes, but the response time will always be too slow. Here you can find out why and how to optimize it.

Fast and furious

7. How many iceberg orders are behind the limit orders?

This question is not so crucial at first, since basically only as many market orders can be absorbed as the market makes available. If only 100 Lot Market Buy Orders (triggered stops) are available at a price level, only 100 Lot can be absorbed by the Limit Sell Orders. Subsequent market buy orders would then also be absorbed at this price level, but the big players are more interested in stops than in current market entries. This is because stops are more concentrated than simultaneous market entries. The background to this is the stopping rule: above the last high and below the last low. This makes it more likely to find more volume in these stops. It is much more important to know where iceberg orders could be at certain price levels. Conclusions can be drawn from this, at which price level the big players expect larger stops.

For a few weeks now I have been working intensively on spoofing (adding and subtracting limit orders that are waiting to be executed). My software provides me with information about spoofing. Spoofing initially takes place in the area of visible limit orders. If 10 limit orders are deleted in the spoofing display and the number of visible limit orders in DoM does not change at the same time, it can be assumed that the change occurred in the area of the invisible limit orders (iceberg orders). However, we have to assume that these are only native iceberg orders that are managed by the CME itself. Synthetic iceberg orders are submitted by independent software providers whose infrastructure is physically separate from the exchange. These software providers split the original iceberg order, submit new tranches and track their execution. These tranches are indistinguishable from the usual limit orders of other participants, but they are difficult or impossible to identify as spoofing.

Basically, I assume that the big players in the future market work with synthetic iceberg orders to disguise identification. But there is a glimmer of hope. We know that at CME, cumulative limit orders placed as native iceberg orders have priority in the queue. As far as I know, this does not apply to synthetic iceberg orders submitted by independent software providers. This could be related to the fact that a certain fee has to be paid for native iceberg orders. If a big player has to sell iceberg orders in the market within a short period of time, he will very likely fall back on native iceberg orders. If he has already occupied the individual limit levels, this is no longer necessary. We can therefore assume that part of the spoofing can also be attributed to the big player.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Last trading day on Friday, May 22, 2020 at 10:27 CET. Let us first look at the Forex M1 chart (Point H) at the blue arrow. Overall, the price was bearish in the medium and long term as it had been down 100 pip since Thursday. Now there was a pullback to Point H and suddenly there was a stronger breakout downwards. When looking at the M1 chart, hardly anyone would take a long position at this point, since we all know the term: reach into the falling knife. With the information from the M1 chart, I would have been rather cautious at this point. As a forex trader, we cannot look into the candle. In the past few weeks I have often been able to do without candles and concentrate more on the DoM, because you deal more with price levels. The Forex candles are much more volatile than the future market, so there are many movements within a candle that confuse more than help. I recommend reading the following article:

Why candles don't work properly in retail

First, let's look at the different modules that I used for my trade.

Point A

I have written about my heat map a few times so that I primarily identify cumulative market orders that come into the market in the form of stops. In addition, interesting limit levels are shown that are interesting for the big player. As soon as a big player makes liquidity available to himself, this can be seen immediately in the heat map.

Point B

Since the limit orders ultimately move the market, it is crucial what a big player collects at certain price levels. That is why I have created a limit chart where I can monitor the individual collection campaigns.

Point C

Here we see an ordinary time and sales list, which is only used as an overview. I usually don't work with this form of presentation.

Point D

The different times and sales lists help me to identify orders in the heat map. I also manage my different tones there. In the video I unfortunately forgot to activate the tones, how to achieve concrete trading advantages with tones, you can read in the article "Fast and furious". You can find the link under point 6.

Point E

On the left we see the strength of the limit buy orders, on the right we see the strength of the market sell orders that run into the limit buy orders.

Point F

On the right we see the strength of the limit sell orders, on the left we see the strength of the market buy orders that run into the limit sell orders.

Point G

A representation of short and medium-term spoofing within the different price levels. In combination with the points E & F, this representation has become an indispensable help for me.

Point H

Here you can see a chart from the Forex market in the M1 to recognize the entry and exit of my trade

Point I

Here we first see a DoM, on the right and left are the limit orders, as well as the incoming market orders. In the middle is the spoofing with an individual filter setting.

Point J

Here we see a graphical view of short-term spoofing.

Point K

Here we see a graphical view of a medium term spoofing.

Point L

The short-term and medium-term area in spoofing was combined here.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Point A

The price has been in a downward trend for the past few days and this downward movement has remained active. In the headmap we see that the price is in a downward movement after some short traders have been stopped before.

Point B

In my Forex chart I identified a key candle at point B. We can see that the price has dropped sharply, from which we can conclude that at Point C, many traders were long.

Point C

In the heat map we see that while some long traders have been stopped, ultimately much less than the big players assumed. It can be concluded from this that some retail traders have now also taken a short position. This would mean that the course is first pushed to point C and then the downward movement is continued. I have drawn this idea.

Point D

Here we see that the strength of limit buy orders increases significantly, even though the price was still in the downward movement. Based on the information from spoofing, I wanted to see if my idea actually worked.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Point A

That was when I start my entry, although I had hesitated a little and was a second late in the market.

Point B

In the area of sell limit orders, one noticed increased activity in spoofing, with some orders being subtracted.

Point C

In short-term spoofing we can clearly see that again.

Point D

The limit sell orders are clearly getting weaker.

Point E

The limit buy orders gain strength at the same time.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Point A

Now, the course jumps over my ask line.

Point B

At the same time, further limit sell orders are withdrawn

Point C

This can be clearly seen in the overview.

Point D

Here we see that the limit sell orders are getting a little stronger, which now speaks for a declining price.

Point E

The limit buy orders are getting a little weaker, which supports the previous statement.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Point A

The reaction to this, the course runs back, a bit. However, the return is not too dramatic.

Point B

We can see from the reaction of the algorithms in spoofing that relatively few orders are withdrawn.

Point C

Some orders are withdrawn, but you can see that almost no orders are withdrawn in the lower area.

Point D

In the overall overview, we see that there is significantly more movement in the area of limit sell orders, which speaks for further rising prices.

Point E

The limit sell orders are still a bit stronger, but there is already weakness.

Point F

The limit buy orders gain some strength.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Point A

Now there was a stronger upward movement.

Point B

You can clearly see how the limit sell orders are withdrawn.

Point C

At the same time, limit buy orders are added to secure the price down.

Point D

Here we see that an obstacle is already being built up in the area of limit sell orders.

Point E

At the same time, limit buy orders are becoming somewhat weaker.

Point F

In the heat map we see that there could be a strong absorption in the upper limit sell range. A big player is probably expecting some stops to be triggered. He wants to absorb these stops. That speaks for another push upwards.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Point A

Now the bigger push comes up, the price came into my determined zone and I ended my trade.

Point B

Some stops were triggered by short traders, but the price did not come within the range that the big players suspected. As a rule, they always set their limit sell orders a little higher, since it is never clear how many further stops there are.

Point C

This picture that we see here in the area of the sell limit order is a typical form just before a turnaround. However, no reliable assumption can be made from this.

Point D and E

We see a similar strength in the area of sell limit orders and buy limit orders, i.e. an uncertainty on both sides. With the image of the heat map and the display at Point C, there is a high probability of a trend reversal. That was the reason for my exit.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Point A

Now the course starts to run down

Point B and C

The limit sell orders are significantly stronger than the limit buy orders.

Point D

In the spoofing display, we see a stronger movement on the limit buy side, where orders are withdrawn.

Point E

In the overview we see that the retraction of limit buy orders is significantly stronger than in the area of limit sell orders. Then the price went down a total of 26 pip. This trade generated a net profit of 5.3 pip within four minutes. My stop was 1 pip, but the course did not run 1 pipette against me. At first I was in disadvantage by 0.5 pip due to the spread and my total risk was 1.5 pip. I gained 1.325 pip per minute, a good result overall

After I have tried to roughly describe my procedure, first watch my video. Pay attention to the points described, you will discover some interesting things.

Inserted Video

Of course, there is always a bit of luck involved, because situations can change suddenly. But the deeper you are in the market, the faster you can predict and react to certain things.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

If I trade longer timeframes of 1 hour, I usually reach 0.25 pip per minute. That's 15 pip in an hour, but I would need a much higher stop because of the higher ATR. Overall, my trade would be exposed to market risk for 1 hour, with my described trade I was only exposed to a risk for 4 minutes. Every trader should find out his best practice based on the probabilities, the different currency pairs, the ATR and the possible pip per minute. The following article could help you:

Probabilities of winning with stop loss

Conclusion:

My approach as a scalper is relatively simple. My optimal trading hours in the EURUSD are from 07: 30-11: 30 and from 13: 30-17: 30 CET. During this time, around 500 different M1 candles are created, which are larger on average than in the secondary trading hours. So I have 500 different chances in one day. Since I do 25-30 trades per day, I can choose the best opportunities from 500 candles (5%). In theory, I have a new chance every minute. However, this procedure requires a very high level of concentration and the ability to simultaneously identify and interpret many numbers that are constantly changing.

With the help of the procedure I have described, I am able to look very deep into the market, which significantly increases my chances. Of course, the course is not always in my favor and I am stopped every now and then, that is part of the business. In order to work with small stops of one or two pip, I have to be able to get into the market in such a way that the price immediately moves in my favor, preferably as a small breakout. If I recognize from the different algorithms that certain limit orders are deleted, I will of course stay longer in the market. However, I often end my trade after 30 seconds. However, this always depends on the individual situation. Every now and then there are trades that I run for several hours, but for me these are pure luck trades. My main business is short-term trading, so I have already reached my daily goal by noon. I need the thrill, every new trade can be compared to an airplane takeoff and a landing. As a long-term trader, you switch on the autopilot at some point, that's not my thing. Broker costs are significantly higher as scalpers, but it's always a question of personal efficiency.

The tools I use that I use change every day because I constantly adapt my personal setup to the current market conditions. With a special template, I simultaneously save six screens on which my stock exchange software runs. Every change is saved and if my odds get worse, I just go back to the last change and start optimizing again. If I get stuck, I sit down and start writing. This gives me amazing solutions that have always brought me further.

A friend of mine absolutely wanted a special template from me in order to better analyze the market. Two weeks later I asked how he was getting on with it. He admitted that he no longer works with this representation because he does not receive any crucial information from it. This is also completely clear, because I have customized the template to meet my special requirements and I receive information that does not help another trader. It's like sharing my Formula 1 setup with another Formula 1 driver. That would be of no use to him because he has different driving characteristics than me. The setup in Formula 1 and in trading is nothing more than a compensation of certain weaknesses. Therefore, a stock exchange setup must always be created individually, everything else makes no sense. In this blog you will get exactly the important information that is crucial to create your own setup. Only in passing, when I asked my friend about the template after two weeks, my template has completely changed again. My stock exchange software is like a construction site, just look at the pictures in my blog, then it becomes clear. Konrad Adenauer (former German Chancellor) once said: "Nobody can prevent me from getting smarter every day". We should take this sentence to heart. What I think today can change completely tomorrow. I am a trader and a human who makes many mistakes every day and therefore I have the right to say: What do I care about my stupid chatter from yesterday. The greatest enemy of progress is not error, but inertia.

I am aware that I am still at the very beginning with my setup, but regular successes give me the motivation to get up every morning and look forward to the new trading day. I know the end goal is still a long way off, I'll probably never reach it, but I still firmly believe in it. The most important thing is to do your work with fun and passion and that is the most important point for me to be happy. I am not trading to make a lot of money, but to keep the maximum number of my winnings. Maybe that's why I can make a living from my trade. But it can all be over tomorrow, many people had to experience it through Corona. That is why I am grateful for every day that I can act successfully. It is still a lot of work to follow the big players exactly, but I am firmly convinced that the whole effort is worth it.

I wish you a successful start to the new week tomorrow.

best regards

Michael

--- 帖子 #1481 ---
If you search, you will find!

Hello dear subscribers,

First of all, I would like to thank you all for showing interest in this blog and for further developing this blog with your ideas and suggestions. There are different mentalities among our subscribers, who work on the side or on a full-time basis. Many trade in the forex market and some in the future market. Each retailer has specific areas of expertise on which to focus and for that, different strategies are required.

A beginner in the Forex market has other questions that interest him than a full-time trader who has been trading successfully for many years. I started over 10 years ago in the Forex market, tried different strategies and hundreds of indicators. I achieved my greatest success with trading in the Equilibrium, where I acted according to supply and demand. When I opened this blog 2.5 years ago, I started to describe this procedure in detail. This gave me a lot of suggestions and ideas that led to various projects. Within these 30 months we developed some interesting auxiliary indicators for the MT4 to better identify the market. With the help of the MT4 tickcharts I got to know the future market and I developed a strategy to combine the forex data with the futures data in order to generate trading advantages. That was a very complex and exhausting process, which you can read about in my almost 1000 articles. For the development of the indicators and strategies, I spent many 1000 hours and documented my approach with 1700 pictures and many videos.

If a beginner who only trades in the Forex market comes to this blog for example, he will come across topics such as how to identify the algorithms of the big players in the future market. See my last post:

On the trail of the iceberg orders

It would be the same, like a fourth-grade student suddenly being transferred to the final year of high school and having to deal with integral calculus, analytical geometry and stochastics. That wouldn't make sense. This blog is a development process and is structured chronologically, so I recommend everyone to first analyze this blog and start where it feeling comfortable. Then he can decide for himself what information is valuable and whether he also wants to use the futures data for trading in the forex market.

The topic "Equilibrium, is a key to success" accompanies the entire blog and is a key element in order to achieve trading advantages. The equilibrium is nothing more than an uncertainty in the market that is identified differently in the forex and futures markets. This is primarily due to the different data that are available in the individual markets.

Every trader is looking for his optimal setup, you have to imagine it like a puzzle in which many parts are still missing. These parts have to be put together in many years by combining theory (reading, videos, discussions) and practice (trade). But how do one get good information efficiently? Should one pay for information or look for free information? There is a saying: what costs nothing is not worth anything, but that is not true. At Forex Factory you will find information that even the best trainers in the world cannot give you.

Around 1,000 different trading topics can be found in over 65,000 threads. That's over 7 million posts in 9 forums. That means you will find almost 70,000 books at Forex Factory and it would take over 7 years to read them without a break. It would take a long time. If you know what to look for, you can get a possible answer through a targeted search. At FF you can use keywords to make your search easier and save a lot of time. Paid information is never better than free information, you just have to find it.

There are incredibly good contributions from excellent traders, almost 20% of all forex traders in the world are members of FF and there are over 1.5 million hits on the world's largest trading platform every day. There is an incredible amount of knowledge hidden here that can be found with the right strategy. Searching can also be dangerous, because sometimes you discover something you didn't want to find. So you need a good strategy to find the right things.

I wish you every success

Lovely wishes

Michael

--- 帖子 #1482 ---
Hello again and thank you so much for sharing your profiles and indis.....I have breaken down to what i need to be able to Miro scalp the EUR/USD i did a few on friday and had some 83% winrate and made 2.7% that day and i must say the stophunting chart and the levels it makes are really good and on Friday i marked out 5 trades i didnt take that where in  small range,but would have given 4-7 pips each....I am only trading thoose levels in addition to my 5 min time chart that i use Vvap/Pivots and a coupple of SMA`S as dynamic supp/ress atleast when they are at levels on the stophunting chart as confluence.....I know you said use 2 pips Sl,but for the way i trade thoose levels i want to be out as soon as i see that the level doesnt hold,but i have to be brutal and close as soon as i see it doesnt hold....So my stop is now set to 1.5 pips,but i want to be out under 1 pips preferebly....I have struggeled with disipline moving my stop and "hoping"For it to turn,but that doesnt work so i really need to just let it hit the stop ore close out my self.....That way when traded this for a while and making some consistent profits i can leverage up a lot since i dont risk more than 1-1.5 pips on any given trade.....The only ting is that when having a stop that tight brokers can start to manip the price just a pip ore two to take me out so when confident to close losses i will have a wider stop,but still close out at once i see it doesnt work as i wanted.....Here is a picture of what i use and my setup,,,,Again thanks and have a nice Sunday still.....Sorry for my poor English...

--- 帖子 #1483 ---
Trading virtual stop loss

Hello FXsniper111,

First of all, thank you for your feedback, I am very happy if the Stophunting diagram helps you and hope that it will continue to provide you with important information in the future. Your stop strategy is perfectly fine if you achieve a win rate of over 80% and a risk-reward ratio of 1: 5 with this procedure.

In fact, there are still a few brokers who mostly sit on small islands and like to manipulate the price. The broker you work with is an ECN broker, price manipulation is much more difficult there. I myself compared the price of this broker with the stock market data for more than half a year and I did not notice any irregularities. However, the total costs and the risk were too high for me. The total costs in EURUSD for me, per lot, must not be more than 0.4-0.5 pip. However, spreads have been somewhat higher in recent weeks due to lower liquidity. This was because there were fewer big players in the market that provided liquidity. At the same time, however, the volume was as high as ever. There were larger gaps in the limit orders and a high number of market orders could penetrate the smaller number of limit orders more quickly. This led to increased volatility and at the same time to a higher spread. However, that was not the broker's fault.

Market makers set their own prices for currency pairs because they do not execute orders on the interbank market, but internally bring buyers and sellers together or secure the position of the customer (hedging). In principle, price manipulation could only take place in the environment of the market maker, but never in the interbank market. The interbank market trades $ 2 trillion daily with an average of 92,000 ticks. To change the price by 1/10 pip, the broker would have to invest 217 Lot, that's over $ 21 million. If he wanted to catch stops from his customers that are 3 pip away, he would have to invest over $ 600 million. He doesn't have the money and the risk would be far too high.

I therefore recommend working with a virtual stop loss that the broker cannot see. However, he could use an algorithm to find out which stop sizes are used by customers. If there is a suspicion that a broker is manipulating, I would switch immediately.  As a rule, stophunting can be explained by the clever approach of the big players.

I think it's great that you regularly optimize your setup, that's the only way to get ahead. A little tip at the end:

If you use the Toggle Borders indicator, your frames will be removed from the different charts and you will have a much larger display. You can find the indicator here under: "Indi Dashboard"

Currency strength dashboard and Stophunting chart

I wish you great success

Lovely wishes

Michael

--- 帖子 #1484 ---
Good morning,

as a swing trader i would like to know if there is any information available when the "big boys" take action...Or are they focused only taking scalps?

Best regards,

Renko

--- 帖子 #1485 ---
The strategy of the big players

Hello Renko,

There are relatively few high-frequency traders in the forex market at first, as they are restricted by the EBS with a minimum holding period for their trades. The big players tend to be medium-term oriented for 1-3 days, with most of them trying to do their business within a day. Goldman Sachs is a classic example of this. However, this does not always work because the volume available on the market fluctuates extremely. If a big player does not make volume available to himself, he must collect a certain number of ask or bid within an equilibrium. I monitor these collection campaigns with a special limit delta chart from the stock market. I can quickly see which way the big player choose. These collection campaigns usually take place at different price levels, whereby they are closer together. Here is some information:

Limit Delta gifts

As soon as the big player has finished his collection campaign, he turns off possible followers beforehand because they could stop his course course through profit realizations. Based on the limit orders, you can roughly estimate how much the big player has collected. If he now pushes the course in his corresponding direction, the heat map helps me to identify his exit from the position. The algorithms are the crucial clue as to when it starts with the corresponding breakout. However, I am just beginning to filter these algorithms more precisely based on the spoofing information. However, it will be a while before I can derive concrete trade advantages from it.

On the trail of the iceberg orders

In the Forex market, this works very well with my Stophunting chart that I posted here. There you will find links with further information.

Currency strength dashboard and Stophunting chart

A scalper also needs this information to find out where the market is at the moment. It makes a huge difference whether the big player is initiating a pullback to lead traders in the wrong direction or whether it is a breakout, to bring their previously collected limit orders to profit. Both courses are usually very fast, which I am looking for as a scalper.

For a swing trader in particular, it is crucial to know what the big player has collected in order to gain a trading advantage. This works best if you take a closer look at the limit orders. My main business is short-term scalps, but I also use my information to make longer-running trades. However, the profits from this, in my opinion, are more based on luck, since the big players always have to react to the retail traders. I can predict the short-term reactions more likely than the medium and long-term reactions. However, here every trader has his own view. As a swing trader, you shouldn't do without the stock market data.

I wish you a successful trading week

best regards

Michael

--- 帖子 #1486 ---
Thank you for reply, Grüße!

Renko

--- 帖子 #1487 ---
Thank you very much for the feedback i just wanted to say one ting abaut price/lot for the broker i use i guess you have seen who i use....I am signed up under a friend that are IB with them and he has reduced hes commision to 50 cents from the 2 dollars he gets from them so i pay 5.5 dollar/lot so i am not so far from your 4-5 dollar/lot because the spreads of my broker is usually 0 and sometimes 0.1 so maximum pay for me is abaut 5.6 dollar/lot roundtrip......And also as i dont have the funds to register as a pro trader so the 500:1 leverage is crutual for me to be able to trade this way.....I wish you many pips/dollars while you improve your system,we are all sudents for life nobody can say they know all that is inside the Forex world...

--- 帖子 #1488 ---
I will call it for today i was really not to do any trading today cause bankholliday in a lot of countrys  so it moves faster on lower volume and does not react quite the same on levels also its been trading far from my Vvap and SMA`S  "200/50 Applied to close"As i been told the banks use/used"So i had no confluence at the levels i traded,but still i only took two full losses.....I trade 0.28 lots many would say that is to much on my account,but if look at my drawdown is under 1% also since markets today are difficult i took only 0.6-2.2 pips profit....I will put some 8-900 dollars into the account at 19.June and then i will leverage up some more....And Bionics i have added this EA to a EUR/USD chart and set my stop to 1.2 pips its supposed to be hidden from broker,but i am not sure so if you have contact with a coder can have him/her to look at the code and see if it is so that it is hidden....Should be someting for you also trading with 1-2 pips SL even you can see on your DOM ore data feed if the price from broker is true  i would feel safer with a hidden stop i will attach it under here...Green pips to you and other traders using this system...

--- 帖子 #1489 ---
In the labyrinth of informations

Hello dear subscribers,

Forex Factory is undoubtedly the largest website for traders with over 700,000 members, as evidenced by the 1.5 million daily hits. Almost 20% of global traders have an account here, although there are considerable differences in the activity of the members.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

At Forex Factory we find nine different forums with over 70,683 threads. The total membership amounts to 706,550 of which there are 717 high impact, 1077 medium impact and 1795 low impact member. Interestingly, the number of commercial members is significantly higher than the total number of impact members. Over 98.8% of the members consist of no impact members. Assuming that a member started only one thread at a time, that would mean that only 10% of the total members would have created their own thread. However, this number will be significantly lower.

First of all, every member starts as a no impact member and if the information that this member posts is interesting, subscribers join the respective blog. It can therefore be assumed that 3,600 impact members are the most important sources of information. I would like to neglect the commercial members here because their information is related to a financial interest.

The 500 largest high impact members together have almost 100,000 subscribers who follow them, although of course one subscriber can also follow several high impact members. On average, 200 subscribers are followed by a high impact member, 56 subscribers by a medium impact member and 29 subscribers by a low impact member. First of all, the number of followers only shows the interest in a particular blog, but says nothing about the quality of the content. This is exactly the big challenge you have when looking for qualitative information.

Two years ago I opened a channel on YouTube to post my videos for Forex Factory. I do not actively maintain or advertise this channel. I've posted over 60 videos in the past 2 years. The most interesting videos for me are curiously in third and 18th place.

Here are the two videos where I tried to predict the price live.

Inserted Video

Inserted Video

We see, that the majority of viewers always see it differently. When I'm on YouTube, I also automatically check the number of hits, but these are not always the best videos.

In April 2020, LauraT published the thread "Roadmap - A Way To Read Markets", which delighted around 200 followers within 6 weeks. On average, a high impact member needs around 4 to 6 years to reach such a number of followers, LauraT did it 43 times faster with her friendly manner. In addition, Hanover an excellent programmer, was programmed some indicators for the roadmap. Hanover has made a neutral statement about the roadmap, which sums it up:

https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...2#post12913252

The secret of the roadmap lies in the simplicity of the strategy, I think it is a good idea that beginners get a chance to analyze the market. The problem is that the forex market unfortunately provides insufficient information and the market is unfortunately not that easy. However, this should in no way reduce the thread "Roadmap - A Way To Read Markets". For those who trade exclusively with Forex data, this is a possible alternative alongside many other great threads in FF. Regardless of whether you come to Forex Factory as a beginner or an advanced trader, it is always a great challenge to find what you really need. You always have to make the decision whether you want to stick to the tried and true or be open to new things.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

A great advantage at Forex Factory is the keyword search. If you enter the term algorithms in the search bar (Point A), 1936 results appear in 76 threads (Point B). Then you can refine your search (Point C). But these results also do not help when asked whether the information contains a high quality content. You always have to decide that, for yourself,  after reading.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Below I would like to give you some tips to help you reach your goal faster. Here are some points that are part of a successful trader setup. This is like a puzzle, only when it is complete you will be really successful. But you can also be successful if some parts are still missing. But you have to optimize your setup over time. All points are connected and build on each other. You can find more information here.

The never ending story

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

If a trader is not happy with his results, it is often because he is using the wrong strategy. There are many strategies, finding the right one is the challenge. Unfortunately, there is no standardized solution in trading. If you read somewhere "This strategy always works" or "Only this is the way", you should be skeptical. A strategy consists of various parameters such as setup, trading style, time units, money and risk management, etc. Here are some ideas:

How do I optimize my strategy?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

If you've answered these questions, it's about the right currency pair. There are a few things to consider. Here I show you how to calculate an efficient currency pair to get the best win probability.

Bionic currency calculator

These points bring you closer to the goal, but you have to put the crucial puzzle pieces together yourself in the end. It is a task that will take many years. For me, trading success is a combination of proven modules with the simultaneous orientation to new things. I save my complete trading settings daily and as soon as my trading rates get worse, I return to the last successful setting. This enables me to permanently optimize my trading settings without changing my complete setup.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here is an example. I posted my dashboard at the end of 2017. Thirty months later, my dashboard changed, but it was a slow process. After all, I still use 6 identical or similar modules. Take a look yourself if you don't pay attention to certain indicators or representations within a week or a month, simply replace them with something new. Then the process starts all over again. It's like clothes. Everything you haven't worn for 1 year can actually go away. We humans are attached to our past, but this limits our view of the future.

Unfortunately I cannot show you a strategy with which you can get rich quickly, since there is no such strategy. We should be guided by the most successful traders in the world who have a win rate of over 90%. These high-frequency traders and big players invest billions in technology, analysts and their traders. If there was a simple system, they would have chased their technology, analysts and traders to hell and would have saved many billions. Why don't they do that? Because there is no alternative in this absolutely complex market.

This blog: "The Equilibrium is the key to success!" is exactly the opposite of simple, this is about the complexity of the market and questions that only a few traders have asked themselves so far. This is exhausting and you need a lot of background information to understand some things. My success is based on the fact that I always went my own way and rarely let other people influence me. It is my money that I invest, that's why I determine the rules and no one else. Of course I listen to criticism or opinions and maybe change certain behaviors, but that's why I don't leave my path. Because at the end of the day I have to deal with my losses or profits. And nobody can help me with that.

If we as a trader want to make as much money as a doctor, notary or lawyer, we also have to be willing to learn as much as these professional groups. And it's a hell of a lot and takes at least 6-10 years. Most traders at Forex Factory know this and, interestingly, there isn't a thread that provides all of this compressed information. The largest high impact members at FF have approximately 1300-1500 subscribers. Measured by the total number of members, this is a share of 0.2% for everyone. This is not an absolute majority and clearly shows that traders want find different information to create their personal setup. In my eyes, the only right way to be successful in the long term.

Success is more permanent if you achieve it without undermining your own principles.

I wish you much success in reaching your goals

best regards

Michael

--- 帖子 #1490 ---
The Hidden SL/TP EA works perfect you can not see the SL/TP,but it works perfectly....SO enjoy traders....

--- 帖子 #1491 ---
Algorithms in the DoM

Hello dear subscribers,

In the past few weeks, I have spent many hours identifying the big player algorithms in the DoM. For this I had to create a new DoM with very complex filter settings. I would like to show you the first results of this today.

Every trader is interested in getting price information as quickly as possible. We get the slowest price information with indicators, because they essentially run after the price. The fastest price information in Forex is the price itself. Certain currency strength indicators are somewhat faster, as they sometimes lead the price. The visible limit orders in the DoM on the other hand, are a small look into the future with the exchange data, as they show the willingness, to buy on a certain price level. However, these limit orders can also be deleted at any time by Spoofing. Limit orders can also be increased by the iceberg orders and are thus able to absorb and stop the market orders. As I have already described in some articles, the limit orders are responsible for the main movements in the market.

Which is stronger, market orders or limit orders?

Limit orders that are already in the market and which have been activated by the market orders can of course no longer change, which is why I only use limit orders in the chart to monitor the big players' collection campaigns.

Iceberg orders of the big players

Definitely, with the limit orders in the DoM we have a look into the possible future of the market movement, with the restriction that they can be added or deleted at any time. The algorithms are responsible for adding or deleting limit orders. This is precisely why I have dealt with these algorithms in more detail. If you succeed in deciphering the algorithms of the big players, you can also take a clear look at the limit orders placed in the DoM and thus at the future price trend. And that is exactly the only reason why I am concentrating on it. If the algorithms indicate that a high number of limit orders has been deducted at a certain price level, it is automatically clear that the price will go through this price level. If the algorithms indicate that a high number of limit orders has been added at a certain price level, it is automatically clear that the price will be stopped for now. In order to identify a possible trend reversal from this, it is then crucial to recognize whether, for example, in an upward trend, the euro is sold or the dollar is bought. I've written about this a few times in this blog. So the goal is to identify the algorithms so that they allow a view of the net limit orders.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

And to demonstrate the whole thing impressively, I recorded a video sequence that you can watch at the end. The video runs 6 minutes and starts shortly before Point A, then the course runs down to Point B and finally up to Point C. In the video you can see that these turning points can be clearly identified beforehand.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

First, let's take a look at which modules and representations I use for this.

Point A

Here we see my heat map, the red and green circles are cumulative market orders, which are usually created by stops. The triangles symbolize larger market orders that have been placed by institutional traders. The red and green lines show the respective strength, of the waiting limit orders, at the individual price levels. If a big player supplies himself with volume, this can be seen immediately.

Point B

The exact size of the market orders is identified here (red and green circles in the heat map). The crucial point is to see at what price level how many different cumulative market orders have been absorbed.

Point C

Here we see an M1 chart from the Forex market, with my specially developed Bionic candle. It is relatively easy to identify the bullish and bearish movements. In daily business, I am getting used to working without candles and concentrating more on the DoM. Whoever achieves this has an enormous advantage over all other market participants.

Point D

Here we see my dashboard, in the area of currency strength from the Forex market, which I posted a few days ago. You can download this dashboard here.

Currency strength dashboard and Stophunting chart

Point E

A few weeks ago I developed an individual strength display for limit orders and market orders using the time and sales list. You can find the contribution here:

Act in the eye of the tornado

Point F

This is a spoofing overview of the individual price levels that I developed.

Point G

From spoofing the limit orders, I created an interesting strength indicator for the current bullish and bearish movements. Pay attention to this in the video.

Point H

Here we see the limit orders in the M15 chart. This makes it relatively easy to identify the absorption in the DoM.

Point I

Here we see the limit orders in the daily chart. This makes it relatively easy for me, to tell when a big player is collecting or getting out of position.

Point J

These are newly opened positions by retail traders that took place outside of Stophunting. Pay attention to this in the video, as a rule, retail traders always take the opposite position of the big players. This ad often helps me identify trend changes. For example, if a price goes up and more and more retail traders take a long position, you can assume, that there will start a pullback in the opposite direction.

Point K

Here you can see my new DoM, which I have created very elaborately in the past few weeks. We now go into more detail on the individual points.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

A DoM usually consists of 6-8 rows, which convey different information to a trader. My developed DoM consists of 140 different rows, each row has been filtered very elaborately and it is mainly about the identification of the algorithms in the area of spoofing. However, this is only a snapshot, as I regularly adjust and change the filter setting.

Point A

Here we see the price level, but I have not shown the price with numbers, because the price is completely irrelevant to me. The numbers to the right and left of it are the accumulated spoofing at each price level.

Point B

Here we see the limit buy orders that are in the DoM and are waiting to be executed.

Point C

Here we see the limit sell orders that are in the DoM and are waiting to be executed.

Point D

Here we see a rather complex, filtered strength display of the market buy orders, which was created by spoofing the limit orders. The fields marked in yellow show the current strength of the market buy orders, which was compared with the limit sell orders.

Point E

Here we see a very elaborately filtered strength display of the market sell orders, which was created via the spoofing of the limit orders. The yellow marked fields show the current strength of the market sell orders, which was compared with the limit buy orders.

Point F

In the red fields we see the incoming market sell orders, in the blue fields we see the current spoofing, in the area of limit buy orders.

Point G

In the green fields we see the incoming market buy orders, in the blue fields we see the current spoofing, in the area of limit sell orders.

Point H

Here we see the cumulative and current spoofing in a 2-D representation, in the area of limit sell orders. The display has been equipped with individual time values and thus enables a clearer display.

Point I

The small red bars show the short-term reaction, the current spoofing of the limit sell orders, within the different price levels

Point J

Here we see the accumulated and current spoofing in a 2-D representation, in the area of limit buy orders. The display was also equipped with individual time values and also enables a clearer display.

Point K

The small green bars show the short-term reaction, the current spoofing of the limit buy orders, within the different price levels.

My next project is to make the strength of the different limit orders at individual price levels visible in 2-D. So I could do without part of the spoofing display in the future. However, this will still take a considerable amount of time.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The visual stimuli such as images, colors or shapes are the most important for human sensory perception. The sense of sight provides around 80 percent of all information from the environment that we process in the brain. You see a lot of numbers in my charts, this is because the brain detects neutral numbers faster than colors. Let's do a little test.

Point A

Here the color name of the word matches the color of the balloon.

Point B

Now try to name the color of the word and not to read the word.

The Stroop interference test is a method for measuring the individual interference tendency in color-word interference. It has been proven that the naming of the color of a visually presented word is slowed down if the content of the word contradicts the color (eg word "blue" in the color red, see illustration). If the content of the word matches the color, however, it is quicker to name the color. Reading is a much more automated cognitive activity than naming colors; This initially leads to the contradictory brain reactions just mentioned when the test person encounters the discrepancy between the color name and the color of the word. Reading is such an automated activity that it is often impossible to suppress reading, although this is required in the instructions (interference).

The different reaction rates to different stimuli is also interesting. People react fastest to tactile and acoustic stimuli, followed by visual stimuli. This means that our sense of sight is the slowest to react to external stimuli. The sense of sight, from the point of view of the speed of reaction, is therefore rather disadvantageous for action. Our sense of hearing reacts 4 times faster than our eyes. However, we only act with our sense of sight. That's why I started to focus on my hearing. Two different tones filtered out of ASK, BID, best BID and best ASK affect my hearing. In my published video, which you can watch at the end of the article, we only hear BID and ASK.

You can find my contribution to different reaction speeds to different stimuli here:

Fast and furious

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The probability that another market participant has developed and presented a comparable DoM tends towards zero. Therefore, the results that I have derived from this are, first of all, pure speculation, since such a DoM has never existed before. The task now is to monitor these algorithms over the next few months and to relate them to the actual price trend. My advantage is that I have a photographic memory and can immediately recognize when certain formations appear again and again. From this, possible probabilities develop in order to realize better opportunities for entry and exit. For this reason, I would like to refer only to my assumptions in the following analysis.

The video starts in a small upward trend (pullback)

Point A

In the heat map we can see that stronger limit sell orders were placed in the market 4 minutes beforehand in order to intercept possible stops of the short traders. These limit sell orders are always created at several price levels because the big players can never estimate the chain reaction of the triggered stops.

Point B

The currency strength indicator in the forex market shows that the euro is significantly stronger than the dollar.

Point C

In the Times and Sales list, on the Limit Sell Orders side, we see an increase in strength.

Point D

The spoofing strength indicator already shows a greater bearish strength.

Point E

In the limit profile we can see that strong sell limit orders have already been collected at this price level.

Point F

In the daily limit profile we can see that in the downward course, only little position exits were realized by the big players.

Point G

In the area of spoofing, a kind of resistance builds up on the side of limit sell orders.

Point H

In the area of market orders strength, we recognize an equilibrium. Then the price went down.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The course has now run down 3 minutes and now came into a key candle zone, which cannot be seen here.

Point A

In the heat map we see isolated limit buy zones to intercept the price trend.

Point B

The currency strength indicator from the Forex market continues to show a bearish trend.

Point C

The limit sell orders and the market sell orders are clearly superior.

Point D

Here too we see that the strength of the market sell orders dominate the market.

Point E

The first thing we notice is that the number of market sell orders, the retail traders, is significantly higher than the market buy orders. As mentioned earlier, these are not long trader stops. If the number of short traders increases in an running down price, the big player must take a countermeasure.

Point F

We see a kind of an obstacle on the side of the limit buy orders to stop the price.

Point G

Here we already see a strength in the area of the market buy orders, although no market buy orders can be seen in the time and sales list.

In fact, a lot of retail traders short came into the market at that point and the big player had to react. Almost all scoreboards showed a bearish trend, so it could be assumed that this bearish trend was still active. But at first, there was a small stop run of 13 pip to take out the short traders.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The stop ran goes upwards and the course is close to the turning point. At the red arrow we are already in a key candle.

Point A

In the heat map we can already see that market sell orders want to intercept the price. The crucial point is in the past, here it can be assumed that some iceberg orders are still waiting at higher price levels in the area of limit sell orders.

Point B

Even the short-term currency strength indicator cannot react quickly enough and shows more of a bullish trend.

Point C

We see increasing strength in the area of sell limit orders

Point D

The strength display of the market orders via spoofing shows a kind of equilibrium, with the market buy orders still having an advantage.

Point E

In the limit profile we can see that stronger sell limit orders were activated when the price started up.

Point F

There are a large number of retail traders who are now taking a long position.

Point G

The crucial point is the algorithms in the area of spoofing. Here we see that a strong wall is built to intercept the price upwards. At this moment it is not advisable to take a long position.

Point H

The market buy orders still have a clear advantage, the price went up a bit and was then intercepted by the limit sell orders. Then the price went down a total of 28 pip. After that, a large number of asks were collected in the subsequent equilibrium and the price was then pushed upwards by 150 pip.

Now watch my video and pay attention to the information I have described.

Inserted Video

Conclusion:

First of all, we can see that even the fastest information (currency strength display) from the Forex market has no chance compared to the exchange data. Even my developed strength display in the area of limit orders and market orders does not manage to predict the short-term pullback. For this reason, I started to identify the algorithms that are responsible for managing limit orders. This primarily controls the iceberg orders that are hidden behind the limit orders. Overall, this is a cautious approach to identifying the algorithms. I am aware that the settings still have to be significantly optimized in order to identify the possible turning points even better. Still, it seems to be a step in the right direction and the next few months will be crucial. The identification of the key candle for Stophunting is still a decisive advantage that can only be achieved in the Forex market. This gives me the crucial overview to draw out possible zones where a trend reversal can take place. I then use the stock exchange data and the identification of the algorithms to check whether the individual zones are activated or not. The candles from the Forex market are ideal for long and medium-term planning. The fastest information for short-term price changes, I only get from the stock market with the DoM I have created. For the entry and exit, you should completely forget the candles and concentrate only on the pricerange in the DoM.

Overall, we can see that a combination of the Forex and Future data significantly improves the probability of winning. IIt is crucial that the data are coordinated so that they work optimally. What we saw here is far from the end product, but it is a decisive step in the right direction.

I wish you a successful trading week

Best regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #1492 ---
Combine Forex and Future data!

Hello dear subscribers,

About 18 months ago I started comparing the futures and forex data to get trading advantages. Half a year later I published a tick chart comparison with the futures and forex data. A 4 tick chart was created in the future market and a 16 tick chart was recorded in the forex market. Here you can see the result again.

Inserted Video

The Forex market is of course much more volatile, since 1 pip in the future market corresponds to 2 ticks. If the price is 2 pip up, 20 limit order levels must be broken in the Forex market and only 4 limit order levels in the future market. The price movements run almost parallel to each other, the price differences arise from the swaps. Since the swaps change regularly, the proportionality of the price differences can also vary. Since I do not pay attention to prices anyway, this is not a disadvantage for me. If I am asked where the EURUSD is at the end of a trading day, I often cannot answer that.

In the Forex market we see the candles, but we cannot see what is happening inside a candle. In the future market we receive all information via the stock exchange data. First of all, the forex market is the lead wolf, the future market follows, in simplified terms, these movements. Of course, in reality this is much more complex, since there are many different factors responsible for it, which we do not want to go into in detail now.

With a daily trading volume of over $ 2 trillion, the EURUSD in the Forex market is the most important and safest currency pair in trading. There have been the lowest drawdowns in the past 50 years and the high number of big players who trade there every day ensures very high liquidity at all times. The higher the liquidity in a currency pair, the less there are uncontrolled and extreme price fluctuations, such as in Bitcoin. However, this also reduces volatility and sometimes makes the EURUSD a slow and boring currency pair. With the GPBUSD you can get rich faster, but also lose your money faster. I described why I only trade EURUSD in the following article:

The most efficient currency pair

My basic approach to combine the Forex data with the Future data was relatively simple. The probability of winning in the future market is three times higher than in the forex market. This is only because a future trader has much better information than a forex trader. 95% of traders lose in the Forex market and 85% in the Future market. At first glance, this doesn't seem to make much difference, but the opposite is the case. The probability of winning is 1:19 in the Forex market and 1: 6 in the Future market. But unfortunately there is a small catch. The profit level in the future market is significantly lower than in the forex market. Because in the forex market the winner receives the losses of 19 market participants, while the winner in the future market only receives the losses of 6 losers. In addition, the forex market is approximately 100 times larger than the future market. This means that you should only trade in the forex market, but with the data from the future market. In the Forex market you have no closer insight into what exactly is happening in the candles, but if the price trends in the Forex market and the Future market run parallel, the following logic results.

If the future data is responsible that a future trader is three times more likely to win, you could also use the future data to trade in the more attractive forex market. It is completely irrelevant whether the volume data of the future market is congruent with the actual volume data of the forex market. It is crucial that with the future data you are able to get a very deep market insight that you can use in the Forex market. To show you these similarities of the parallel price trends, I first developed my Bionic candle for the future market, because it works without wicks and you can identify the differences more quickly.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here you can see the last 54 hours of the last trading week. On the left is the course of the Euro FX H1 from the future market and on the right is the course of the EURUSD from the forex market. With the help of my Bionic candle you can clearly see that the courses are clearly parallel to each other. There are minimal deviations, which can be explained by the different price movements and the swaps.

In the next step I made a comparison that is relevant to me, with the Forex and Future data.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Point A

Here I have analyzed the different opportunities and risks in the EURUSD Forex. This gives me an advantage of 61.1%.

Point B

Here I have analyzed the different opportunities and risks in the Euro FX Future. This gives me an advantage of 38.9%. My approach, which I have been pursuing for over a year, is to combine the advantages of the future and forex markets in such a way that a greater overall advantage is created.

Point C

When I use the future data to trade in the Forex market, I achieve an advantage of 72.2%. This is not a big advantage at first, but it is due to the fact that a forex broker does not offer as good price positions as a stock broker and I need a higher quality technology due to the stock market data. But my risk in the Forex market, especially as a professional trader, is 1000 times less than in the stock market. My overall advantage is twice as high as if I were only trading in the stock market.

Point D

Here I have analyzed the different market views of the EURUSD in the Forex market. Due to the insufficient data, there is only an advantage of 27.2%.

Point E

Here I have analyzed the different market views of the Euro FX in the future market. Due to the deeper view of the market, there is an advantage of 72.3%.

Point F

When I combine the future data with the forex data, there is a 100% advantage. This is primarily because there is no currency strength in the future market. In addition, with my self-developed limit profile, my specially created DoM, the strength of market orders and limit orders, and my key candle, I have an advantage that no other future trader has. You can find an interesting contribution here:

Algorithms in the DoM

If we add the total advantages of the three different options together, we get the following result:

Forex 88.8%
Future 111.2%
Forex & Future 172.2%

Trading in the future market brings an overall advantage of 30% over the forex market. With the combination of the future and forex data I achieve almost an improvement of 100% compared to the pure forex data. That was exactly the crucial point why I chose this path. At first glance, this looks very advantageous, but there is unfortunately a small catch.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

First of all, you need a corresponding stock exchange data feed that transmits stock exchange data as real-time as possible. In addition, you need appropriate trading software that translates this stock market data and gives a trader the opportunity to penetrate even deeper into the market. It is important that the exchange data feed is precisely tailored to this trading software. Next, you need in-depth knowledge of the stock market, which takes a few thousand hours. Programming skills are not a requirement, but a great help. In addition to a high level of creativity, you should have the appropriate time to develop, analyze and optimize your personal ideas. Finally, you need the appropriate technology from fast workstations and a corresponding internet connection via fiber. Overall, that takes a lot of time and money. Anyone who has had a closer look at the big players or high-frequency traders knows what technology and procedure these professional traders use. In order to have a possible chance as a small retail trader, you have to be willing to invest accordingly. I was very lucky in the Forex market for 10 years because I traded the small movements within an equilibrium, but if I had to start all over again today, I would observe the following rules.

Trading in the Forex market is smart, but only with real stock market data. Concentrate on the DoM and the time and sales list and neglect the candles when getting in and out. Work with a professional technique and learn at least 2 hours of dry theory every day and be 8 hours of trading. If you can do this for 6 years, you have a realistic chance of keeping your winnings. If someone promises you something else, chase them to hell. Of course you will be able to make profits faster, but the trick is to keep these profits long-term and that is exactly what takes a lot of time.

As traders, we have the convenient option of slowly starting a process. A Setup, that work, I would initially keep and gradually add individual modules. This may take a little longer, but may bring more success. You should only choose a new path if you have a good feeling about it. With logic, you can provide evidence, but you cannot gain new knowledge, only with intuition.

I wish you always make the right decisions.

Lovely wishes

Michael

--- 帖子 #1493 ---
Striking the right note

Hello dear subscribers,

Our sensory stimuli are so limited by our brain that we are only able to perceive optical stimulations that do not follow each other for more than 20-40 ms as a single stimulus. This is depressing because the sense of sight provides us with around 80 percent of all information from the environment. We trade 100% through optical stimulation, which means that we are clearly at a disadvantage in terms of time.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Our sense of hearing cannot temporally resolve two acoustic stimuli that are 3-5ms apart, these are experienced as one sound event. If you output the tones in one ear, via headphones, from a difference of approx 2ms they are no longer felt in the middle of the head, but laterally offset. If you base your trading decision on acoustic signals in the future, you will be able to make decisions 4 times faster than with your eyes. I wrote a very detailed article about this finding, which you can find here:

Fast and furious

The resulting idea is based on the assumption that a trader is unable to identify quickly coming in market orders, to make an advantageous trading decision. As we already know, limit orders determine long-term market movements and not market orders. You can find a detailed report here.

Which is stronger, market orders or limit orders?

Nevertheless, the Big Player also use market orders, to steer the price in a certain direction. The main thing is to get the appropriate volume, in the form of stops, to fill your limit orders. The big players are so precise that it is almost impossible for retail traders to make effective profits. In this context, I managed to make their approach visually visible. I will report in detail on this big player strategy in my next post.

It has been scientifically proven that the brain can record and implement acoustic signals faster than optical signals. For this reason, I took a closer look at the acoustic signals. My first goal was to identify the incoming market orders in the Times and Sales list with two different tones.

Around 90,000 trades (ticks) are processed in Euro FX per trading day. An average of 150,000 lots have been traded in the last 40 trading days, 75% of which between 07:00 and 19:00 CET. Between 09:00 and 11:00 CET and from 14:30 to 16:30 CET, 60% of the total lots are traded. This means that approximately 90,000 lots are traded in about 4 hours. That is an average of 6 lots per second, although 100 lots per second can be traded at peak times. If these market sell orders and market buy orders run down the Times and Sales list at lightning speed, no trader will be able to see these orders with their eyes. Future traders are happy to use only cumulative market orders to keep an overview. All market orders that come in within 1/1000 second are summarized.

There are only two different forms of cumulative market orders that are decisive for me. On the one hand, these are the stops of retail traders and, on the other hand, the cumulative market orders that the big player places in order to push the price in a certain direction. These two cumulative market orders are completely different and should therefore be specifically identified. I will write about this point in detail in my next post.

Theoretically you would be able to identify 20 -25 market orders per second. Unfortunately there is a big challenge. In the Times and Sales list, market sell orders and brand buy orders appear, which apparently run down in a random order. The brain must now divide and differentiate these different market orders. And this division takes a lot of time.

If you put on headphones and acoustically display the market sell orders on the left and the market buy orders on the right, you would theoretically be able to identify 500 lots per second. That is 20 times faster than with the eyes. Due to the reaction time to enter into a trade, the advantage is reduced to four times. But before entering into a trade, you first have to correctly assess the current situation. With two different tones you can do it 20 times faster than with your eyes.

First of all I used two different Windows tones, which take about 100ms to play a sound once. I assigned the lighter tone to the market buy orders, the lower tone to the market sell orders. The output first came from two high-quality speakers that were placed next to my screens. It was clear to me that I could only identify a maximum of 250 lots per second via the loudspeakers, but that was still ten times faster than with my eyes. In the past eight weeks I have been able to optimize my trading decisions considerably. However, there was also a clear disadvantage. In the extremely high volatile phases, a concrete identification was no longer possible and I noticed that my workstation slowed down significantly. I started to study the tones to find out why. The tones I installed took about 100ms to play. I was able to perceive a maximum of 10 tones per second. If 30 different market orders came in per second in high volatile phases, my tones were also activated 30 times, but due to the 100 ms, could only emit a signal 10 times per second. At that moment there was a small jam of sound, 30 tones should be emitted, but technically it was only possible to play ten tones. So 20 tones were swallowed and at the same time slowed down my CPU. I also made a video where you can hear these 100ms Windows tones with an average volatility.

Inserted Video

At the beginning the volatility is not high and the different tones can be distinguished from one another, from 45 seconds in the video the tones overlap and identification is no longer possible. The tones I used initially are based on a WAV file that was 5000 bytes in size and was stereo compatible. As a result, different signals are distributed over two channels, which require more memory in a high repetition frequency.

In order to better distinguish the tones from each other and at the same time to relieve my CPU, I looked for faster tones. MP3 files are unsuitable for this because they require too long a playing time and are mostly stereo-compatible. I found a database that made 3,400,000 different tones available free of charge in WAV format. The selection of tones that reached a maximum playing time of 2ms to 5ms was very small. I found a total of 30 different tones that came into question. If a sound is 2ms long, this does not necessarily mean that the total recording time of the WAV file corresponds to 2ms. Here it depends on the recording technology used by the developer. Another challenge is the clear distinction between the two tones when they occur at a high frequency. So I had to combine different tones to get the best result.

The tones that I am currently using are based on a WAV file with a size of 250 bytes, 44,100 Hz, 16 bit mono. Mono is more of an advantage if you later redirect this tone to the left or right headphone channel. The tone duration is 2ms and is over 50 times faster than my Windows tones. In the video below I used the new tones with approximately the same volatility as in the first video.

Inserted Video

One can clearly perceive that the tones can be distinguished even more clearly. Now let's have a look at how the tones react when the volatility increases significantly.

Inserted Video

From 26 seconds in the video, a small firework of tones starts because a large number of different market orders come in. The tones never roll over and are clearly identifiable even in higher volatility phases. Of course, this is a real mess for an inexperienced listener, but after some time you are able to clearly identify the different tones. Practice creates masters.

These two faster tones also relieved the CPU considerably and has held up well even in extreme volatility phases. One thing caught my eye very positively. In extremely volatile periods, the tones react faster than the Times and Sales list. Before the Times and Sales list was able to display the corresponding orders on the screen, I was able to identify them based on the tones. This could potentially be a significant market advantage. I initially limited this experiment to market orders. For a few weeks now I have started using the tones to indicate the strength of the limit orders. This should result in further insights in order to achieve my ultimate goal. Maybe at some point I will identify the limit orders via the tones and at the same time the market orders via my sense of touch. But that is still very far away.

Conclusion:

The identification of the market orders by means of tones has a 20 times higher advantage than the identification with the eyes. The total response time to make a trade decision improves fourfold. In high volatile phases, the tones are used to identify the market orders before they can be seen in the Times and Sales list. During the entire trading day, the eyes are relieved because you can always hear with your ears what is happening in the market. With the tones you always have the volatility in your ear. If you deal with other things and the volatility increases, you immediately notice this and can react faster. Refraining from the candles and at the same time concentrating more on the price leader in the DoM and the identification of the market orders by the tones has contributed to a significant improvement in my trading decisions. Therefore, I can recommend every trader to take a closer look at these things. Next, I have to filter the corresponding market orders and limit orders so that the tones show me the most important decision points in trading. This is the most time-consuming job. I will of course keep you up to date regularly.

I wish you a nice weekend and a good start to the new trading week.

Best regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #1494 ---
Sorry for being a bit off-topic, what's the name of the platform that you use?

--- 帖子 #1495 ---
Hi, check post 1467, and it was answered many many times...

--- 帖子 #1496 ---
Ok i got my last screen working 70 dollars at a repair shop well spent money so now i am ready do go on hard next week and try to stay positive until i make a big deposit Friday for me atleast some 6-800 dollars so my account will be 12-1400 dollars then i can trade 1 lot and not risk more than 1.5% pr trade give and take....I started a new account to try and make a trackrecord again cause i had huuuge dradown do to a micromartingale EA i had on and had to trade huuge lots to get out with profit and when i use the hidden stoploss i can not move it and that saves me from any bigger losses and the way i trade i have high winrate but many times just a pip ore two that is why i trade with so high leverage so the broker makes more than me some days...lol...But i will say very satisfayed after first two days...Thank you for everyting you provide Bionics......I saw a webinar from this guy here it wasnt this one,but i think he has done several over years and have managed big funds and worked finacial for years as you have.....But he contradics totally the way we are trading using one pair and other tings atleast i do,but a lot of what he is saying is really good....The fundation of the forex market and all.... Inserted Video  .....Let us know whats your view of what he sais if you have time to watch it he as a around 2 hour webinar that i think you will find if you search on him ore hes company....

--- 帖子 #1497 ---
On the right way

Hello FXsniper111,

First of all, I am happy that you are making progress with your personal setup and achieving regular success. Even as a scalper, you can earn significantly more than your broker on you if you also work with stock market data. You can also work with a hidden stop loss that you can see at any time. Here you can find more information about an interesting and free trading EA.

Orders quickly and effectively

I find some statements by Anton Kreil (former dealer of Goldman Sachs, J.P. Morgan and Lehman Brothers from 2000-2007) very interesting. Unfortunately, he has developed into a paid trainer, but he has gained some experience as a trader with the big players. You can find some interesting information here.

The right training

I know many of his statements and his approach to trading, but I follow the path of high-frequency traders rather than the path of institutional traders. This is simply because, as a scalper, I act at shorter notice than the big players. However, you have to know exactly how the big players work, so as not to fall into a trap.. Basically, the videos of him are absolutely worth seeing, but you should be aware that many videos are only advertising to sell training. Paid trainings bring some information, but they do not help with your own setup. Every trader has to create this for himself and this is exactly where no trainer can help with. That's why I view the trainers in this market rather critically. This does not mean that their information are bad, but everybody can find this information free of charge on the Internet, he just have to search properly.

I wish you all the best for the future

best regards

Michael

--- 帖子 #1498 ---
@ BIonics

Hello , i read through the read in preview and was intrested in the data section . I was wondering what can be of equal in regards to ticks data on mt4 plaforms showing atleast a Certain number of cummulation of ticks at a certain price ? We have things like market profiles that tend to collect some levels in regards to cummulated tick data in a certain period like example M15 M30 H1 H4 etc  ! What do you say or think of that ? Can that be of use to collect the information as u are using on the other plaforms ?

Regards .

Thank you for the thread it keeps me informed .

--- 帖子 #1499 ---
Ticks in the forex market

Hello Moneyshs,

First of all, welcome to our blog and thank you for your kind compliment. A market profile in the forex market is calculated from the ticks, while a market profile in the exchange market is calculated from bid and ask. This is a crucial difference, which I have described in detail here:

Volume in forex

The calculation is similar for the footprint chart, I have made a comparison Forex / Future.

Footprint chart in the forex market?

Around 100,000 ticks are generated daily in the futures market with an average volume of 150,000 lots over the past 40 trading days. On average, a trading transaction contains an average of 1.5 lots. Generating a general derivation from this is dangerous and a market profile / footprint chart in the forex market fails. I have examined different alternatives in Forex, but have not found a specific way to do without stock market data. You can find a project here that was calculated from the tick data and should represent a kind of time and sales list. You will also find the right indicators with a precise description.

A kind of time & sales for MT4?

The volume information we get from our forex broker is definitely wrong. I tried to calculate the volume from the price, which is closer to the stock exchange volume than the broker volume. Here you will find the article with the corresponding indicators.

Amazing discovery in volume

In the forex market we do not get a specific volume (bid and ask) so we never know what is going on inside a candle. But that is the prerequisite for being able to act profitably. Unfortunately there is no way to calculate the exchange data from the forex data, so I recommend using additional exchange data for trading in the forex market.

I hope this helps you further.

best regards

Michael

--- 帖子 #1500 ---
@ Bionics,

Thank you for your reply . seems we the retail traders drive with tinted windows ! thank you for your efforts! apreciate all your work!

Thank you again !

--- 帖子 #1501 ---
hey bionics read this whole thread, big fan

setup a couple indicators based on your theory and a couple other theory's

top indicator looks at the strength of bulls/bears by separating the red/green candles and measuring it against the average strength, with a blue setting for indecision

second indicator is my attempt at a supply/demand zone, with on price volume indicator to look for volume gaps, obviously not as good as yours and would love some advice on how to set up a better one in pro real time

third one is a volume/trend squeeze indicator, which uses 20 rsi periods, 20 stochastic periods and 20 roc periods to show me any divergence, trend patterns and volume pressure, with arrows to show me automatic divergence, also has a zigzag indicator built in which when volume goes above causes a sharp price drop, not sure how this works, but it is an interesting phenomena,

this indicator is based on spuds stochastic thread theory which im not sure if you've heard of but i'll leave a link https://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=37111

appreciate any response

all the best

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

top,middle,bottom of a wave

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1502 ---
Pattern sequences in forex

Hello murit89,

First of all a warm welcome, I am very happy that the information in this blog help you. Every trader is looking for individual pattern sequences in order to generate trading advantages. I've practiced this myself for over ten years by combining different information from the Forex market. Although I was able to identify certain pattern sequences, I was unable to derive a general derivation from them. In the Forex market you can refer to the price, time and tick data, but you do not get any information about BID and ASK. The inclusion of market orders from limit orders is the real reason for price movements. The Forex market does not provide this important data. The stock market data is not a holy grail, but with certain filter settings, you can get faster information about future price movements. The faster you discover this information in front of other trading participants, the greater a possible trading advantage. The DoM, the time and sales list and the heat map provide the fastest data in the stock market. I therefore recommend filtering this data in order to identify pattern sequences from it. With the right tones, you can improve your trading response four times.

Striking the right note

Unfortunately, I can not show you a way to analyze gaps in the volume even more efficiently, the real reason is that the volume information in the Forex market is generated from the tick data and thus you do not get a concrete market insight.

Volume in forex

Your approach is very creative, the crucial point is that you can use it to create general derivation that will help you in your daily trading. At the weekend, I will present a way of using the stock market data to predict a medium and short-term price trend even better. In addition, a truth comes to light that every retail trader should know.

I wish you great success

Best regards Michael

--- 帖子 #1503 ---
Thanks so much for the reply, will take your advice onboard and glad to see im on the right track. Looking forward to the release of your new system.

--- 帖子 #1504 ---
Big player is watching you!

Hello dear subscribers,

When looking at a chart, every trader immediately asks where the price could go next. Different indicators are used to identify possible turning points. Fibonacci, MACD, RSI and Moving Average are intended to help determine possible support or resistance zones. Logically, this information can only be calculated from past price trends. From my point of view, a reliable prognosis of a future course course cannot be made from a past course course. This has to do with the fact that a past course in most cases has nothing to do with the future course. Exceptions occur with pullbacks, within an upward and downward movement. The key point is whether the big player is still in position or not. Therefore, any price movement should be viewed as a closed entity, as traders' opinions change at any time. The background for this approach lies in the way big players work. Now let’s take a closer look at that.

First of all, we limit ourselves to the facts. Twelve big players control 85% of the forex market. The winning rate of the most successful big players and high frequency traders is between 90 and 99% and the big players win $ 400 million daily in the EURUSD. The Big Player approach is usually always similar. First you collect a certain number of ask or bid within an equilibrium and then drive the price into your profit zone. For this reason it is crucial to find out what the big players collect in the current course. In 90% of cases, this collective action is carried out via limit orders, using small iceberg orders that are between 10 and 20 lots in size. The price is held within a certain range and driven up and down. Within these price movements, retail traders choose a long or short position. As soon as the price is pushed in the opposite direction, the stops of the retail traders are used to record them with the limit orders. This process can sometimes take hours or days before a decisive breakout triggers the future trend direction.

The big players use 65% limit orders and 35% market orders, while retail traders restrict themselves to market orders. There is no way to get ask or bid in the forex market, so you should always use stock market data. Just looking at the market orders in the future market does not help, since the limit orders determine the long-term market situation.

With a little trick it is also possible to make the limit orders visible in the exchange data. Here we take advantage of a stock exchange law that supports us. The fact is that every market order that appears in the time and sales list must be accepted by a limit order at the same time. This means that every market buy order, simultaneously from a limit sell order and every market sell order, must be taken up simultaneously from a limit buy order. Of course, at the moment we don't know whether a market buy order is a euro buy or a dollar sale. In addition, they do not know whether the limit sell order that has just taken up a market buy order sold the euro or bought the dollar. However, we are initially able to display the limit orders in the chart by simply swapping the colors of ask and bid. I have already written some articles about this, which you can find here

A completely new market view

I use this self-developed limit delta profile to monitor the big player collection.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

On the right we see the limit delta profile of the total volume that was recorded within a certain period. On the left we see the limit delta profile with a filtered total volume that was recorded in the same period. I remove the market orders placed by the big players, which are only used to push the price into the stops of retail traders. All that remains then are the market orders that are relevant for a possible collection. With the help of these filter settings, the individual collection actions of Bid and Ask become clearer and clear contours are created.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here I have shown the corresponding course. In the filtered limit orders, we can see from points A to C that the collective action in the area of limit sell orders led to the price being pushed down again. For the unfiltered limit orders, on the other hand, there was an accumulation of limit sell orders only at point D. It is striking that the points E & F indicate a strong accumulation of limit buy orders. In this area, a big player has collected a large number of questions, so let's look at the entire course of the price and how the price reacted to these zones.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Point A

The limit delta profile created was created from the zone of the two blue lines.

Point B

In the equilibrium at point B, a large number of questions were collected, after which the price was pushed up.

Point C

Here an equilibrium was created again and we can see from our limit delta profile that additional ask has been collected. The course reaction afterwards is clear.

Point D

When the course came to Point D, an equilibrium was created again. Then the course was pushed to Point E.

Point E

Now the course came to the zone where the most ask was collected. Within this equilibrium, further questions were collected and ensured that the course went up.

Point F

Further questions were collected here that were not included in the visible limit delta profile. The course initially went up and was then pushed back into Zone F.

Point G

Ask was also increasingly collected here, after which the course went up again.

The green zones that we see here in the chart are actually not resistance or support zones. It is crucial to recognize what the big players collect within an equilibrium and when they get out of their position. The course of a course is usually always similar, let's first look at different upward movements.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Before a longer upward movement begins, ask is first collected. This ask is recorded via the limit buy orders, which are shown here with green lines.

Point A

Here Ask was collected at different price levels, the price went up.

Point B

Here Ask was bought again massively, which speaks for a further rising price.

Point C

This is where the big players begin to step out of their position. To do this, they need Ask from other market participants who believe that prices will continue to rise. They collect this ask with their limit sell orders and thus come out of their position.

Point D

This is where the big players start buying the dollar via their limit sell orders in order to push the price down again.

We notice that the limit order volume increases within a price trend, we can clearly see this on the left picture. In the lower area there is relatively little volume, which increases with the price. This phenomenon can be explained by the fact that as the price rises, the big players collect more and more ask, which emerges in the form of the larger limit sell orders.

After the accumulation phase, a kind of zigzag run begins. Whenever enough long traders come together, the price is pushed down by the big players and the stops (bid) of the retail traders are recorded with the limit buy orders. The big player needs part of this to get out of his dollar position, which he had to take to push the price down. The remaining ask remains in his portfolio and helps him to increase his profit. When the price is pushed up again, the stops of the short traders help the price to accelerate upwards. The higher the big player drives the course, the more ask is in the big player's portfolio. When exiting the euro, the big player must therefore sell more ask than he previously collected in the first Equilibrium.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

When moving down, the same principle is used only in the opposite direction.

Point A

Here bid was collected at different price levels, the price ran down.

Point B

Here again bid was massively bought, which speaks for a further falling price.

Point C

This is where the big players begin to step out of their position. For this they need the bid of the market participants who believe in further falling prices. They collect this bid with their limit buy orders and thus come out of your position.

Point D

Here the big players start buying the euro via their limit buy orders in order to push the price up again.

Of course, the big players are different market participants. When a big player leaves his position, he doesn't necessarily have to open a new position to act in the opposite direction. We recognize that looking at the filtered limit orders gives us a very good indication of the medium-term price movements.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Let's look again at an upward movement that was active from June 12th to 16th.

Point A

The course was in a downward trend. At point A, a large number of questions were collected in a small equilibrium in a relatively short time.

Point 1

I like to call this limit zone a kind of initial spark. After a larger number of limit buy orders were collected, the price increased more. The main reason was to stop short traders and collect this ask with their own limit sell orders.

Point B

We can now see that the course runs again and again through Zone B and a higher number of ask has been collected there. This is an accumulation phase.

Point 2

After completing the collection phase, there is an initial spark that takes the course to a higher level.

Point C

We recognize that the course keeps going through Zone C, collecting an increased amount of ask. Both the short and long traders are misled. This is a re-accumulation phase.

Point 3

After the end of the re-accumulation phase, there is the initial spark again, which drives the course further up.

Point D

After the price rises, we can already see from the limit sell orders that some euro positions are being dissolved.

Point E

In this phase, most big players already exit the euro.

Point 4

First the course runs down a bit and at point 4 there is another initial spark that pushes the course up. The big players use the price increase to get out of their remaining positions.

Point F

The course has now formed a new high and the big player is buying a higher number of ask again. The background is that he is interested in pushing the price higher again in order to buy the dollar for a longer downward movement at this stage.

Point 5

There is another initial spark that drives the course further up.

Point G

The retail traders are now convinced that the price will continue to rise. Even in this increase, massive sell limit orders are being served. The big player allows a new high to be formed, which brings further long traders to the market. Then the big player pushes the price down sharply and begins the distribution phase in the equilibrium. After that the course went down 125 pip.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here you can see 11 different limit delta representations of my previously described price history. All limit orders are included on the left. Now I have started to filter this limit delta by assuming a minimum number of accumulated lots.

Point A

When the course was pushed up at the beginning, the ask had to be collected very quickly. Therefore, the display is best seen between 9-20 lots.

Point B

In the first accumulation phase, the big player was allowed to take the time to collect the necessary ask. Therefore, the clear representation is best seen between 0-2 lots.

Point C

The re-accumulation phase did not last that long and the big player managed to collect a higher number of ask within a shorter time. The best way to see this is from 3 to 5 lots.

Point D

The exit from the euro position was relatively quick, which can best be seen from 6 to 20 lots.

Point E

The big player took a little longer to buy the dollar, so this can best be seen between 0 to 2 lots.

Depending on the market situation, it is advisable to work with different filter settings in the limit delta profile to get a clear overview. The procedure and the principle are always similar, it is important to know in advance what the big player plans next. As you know, this blog is called: Equilibrium, the key to success. 70% of the price histories consist of an equilibrium. The Equilibrium gives me the greatest chance to immediately see what is happening in the market. The combination of the Limit Delta Profile with the Equilibrium gives us a clear view of the future course. As a scalper, it is essential for me to know in which direction we are headed. In combination with my key candle and Stophunting, this approach is already a clear market advantage.

This approach I have presented is medium-term. This is because the big players first collect ASK or BID at certain price levels and only then act in the corresponding direction. The challenge is to recognize as early as possible whether stophunting will take place afterwards. For this you should keep an eye on the short-term area. As a scalper, I am interested in being able to accurately predict very short-term price movements. I have developed an idea for this over the past few months, which I would now like to present to you. An upward or downward movement begins with an accumulation or distribution phase, where the big player collects a certain number of ASK or BID within an equilibrium. Then the hot phase begins where the big player wants to bring his previously collected orders to profit. The big player now moves the course up or down in zigzag movements. In this hot phase, the big player pays close attention to every market participant that enters the market.

As we know, the big players are constantly on the hunt for the volume of retail traders. Stophunting is the only way to trap the volume of retail traders. Retail traders always enter the market at different price levels, but the stops are very close together. This is due to the market wisdom that a stop should always be above the last high or below the last low. My stop is always a pip or two below my entry, when I am stopped it is because I chose a bad entry time. I have long thought about how I can determine short-term price movements as precisely as possible.

6000 institutional traders lose $ 43 million daily and 900,000 retail traders lose $ 90 million a day in EURUSD. The loss rate for institutional traders is 60%, for retail traders the loss rate is 90%. So it is easier to take money from retail traders than from institutional traders. This is largely due to the fact that institutional traders are increasingly working with iceberg orders. That's why I was looking for a way to make retail traders visible on the chart. In the Future Market Euro FX the minimum bet is 1 lot ($ 125,000), whereby the highest bets can be as much as a few 1000 lots. The weakest link in the chain is clearly the retail traders, who achieve the highest loss rate in the future market and also in the forex market. In order to find out in which direction the market is not going, the identification of the retail positions is crucial.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

With a special filter process I managed to make the 1 Lot Retail Trader visible in the chart. I had to implement a few ideas to filter out the big players and institutional traders.

Point A

On the left side you can see my limit delta profile. The green lines show the limit buy orders, the red lines the limit sell orders.

Point B

The red and green areas represent a greater willingness to absorb the limit orders in the heat map. This means that you can immediately see whether a big player has made liquidity available to itself or at which price level greater absorption has taken place.

Point C

Here we see the market buy orders (green) and the market sell orders (red) of retail traders in the amount of 1 lot. Green means that the euro is bought or the dollar is sold, red means that the dollar is bought or the euro is sold.

Point D

Here we see the accumulated market orders from 4 lots that come into the market. In an upward trend, green circles usually appear, showing the absorption of the stops by short traders. The big players record these stops with their limit buy orders. In a downward trend, red circles usually appear, showing the absorption of the stops by long traders. The big players record these stops with their limit sell orders.

Point E

On the right side you can see a filtered time and sales list. The red fields show the market sell orders and the green fields show the market buy orders. The blue arrows show where these market orders are on the chart. The white numbers that have not been marked in color are either single orders larger than 2 lots or cumulative market orders. So that you can get an impression of it, I have recorded a video.

Inserted Video

According to my calculation, these color-coded orders should mostly be retail traders' entries and exits. The uncertainty factor is due to the fact that even a big player could accidentally place a single order and the possibility that retail traders can also place a 1 lot order that are contained in the cumulative market orders of the big players. In addition, a retail trader can of course also enter the market via a limit order.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

What advantage do we have when we see the entry and exit of retail trades?

Point A

First of all, we are in an equilibrium and we find that an increased number of ask comes into the market through retail traders. The price is pushed down and the long traders are stopped.

Point B

Some short traders collect in the falling price and are stopped immediately in the rising price.

Point C

In the now rising price, a large number of long traders gather again, which are stopped immediately.

Point D

Although the price has dropped somewhat, retail traders still expect the price to continue to rise. The subsequent movement to point E shows that their assessment was not correct.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

At points A to E, the price was pushed up or down more. At that time, no retail trader was able to make an investment in the market. The course of the price clearly shows how the subsequent price reacted to the small breakouts.

Conclusion:

With the help of my medium-term and short-term considerations, it is possible to determine the course of the course more precisely. A filtered limit delta profile can be used to determine what is collected within an equilibrium. The positioning of the retail traders shows in the short term how the big players have to react in order to get to the respective stops. The following aspect is frightening. If I, as a small trader, succeed in determining the positions of the retail traders, I am firmly convinced that the big players have significantly better data about when each participant enters or leaves the market. In my opinion, this also explains the exact stophunting that the big players practice every day. Since I started using this strategy, I have been stopped out much less. If you work with this representation for a while, you can see exactly where to get in to take a movement safely. The big players cannot stop out all retail traders; the retail traders who enter the market at the right time survive. You can also immediately see when a large number of retail traders are gathering at a certain price level, so the reaction of the big players is more predictable. This information also helps to find an optimal exit time. I once read in a trading book that it is not the entry that is decisive, but the management of the trade and the exit. I believe that with this presentation I can prove that the start of a trade is also a decisive factor in increasing its profitability. So far, however, there has been no concrete way to recognize where the best time to start is. This could change now.

With this display you can not only see when and where the retail traders get in or out, but you can also see exactly whether the big players are able to stop them. Retail traders are not always stopped immediately, it always depends on the strategy of the big players. It is crucial to look so deeply into the market that you always know what is happening there. It is interesting that I have only been working with stock market data for a year and what I have discovered so far is only the tip of the iceberg. For this reason, I am really looking forward to the future.

At this point I would like to emphasize again that this market assessment is based solely on my opinion and experience. I have no claim that my assessment is correct because the market provides too much uncertainty for it. Basically, it's just about getting a possible market advantage. This market advantage can only be achieved with information that is not available to most market participants.

In my next post, I will show you in more detail how the big players operate to carry out a long-term upward or downward trend. There are interesting insights that can significantly improve your chances of winning.

I wish you a nice weekend and a great start to the new trading week.

Best regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #1505 ---
Great work Michael!

"I will show you in more detail how the big players operate to carry out a long-term upward or downward trend." Was is time horizon for that "long- term" you are focused?

Viele Grüße, Renko

--- 帖子 #1506 ---
Time horizon in trading

Hello Renko,

Thank you for your compliment, I am glad that the information in this blog helps you. In recent years I noticed that the time factor in the Forex / Future only plays a subordinate role. This has to do with the fact that the big players carry out their collection of liqidity in an accumulation or distribution phase and are dependent on the volume of retail traders. Only when you have collected a certain number of bid or ask via your limit orders, do you push the price in the corresponding direction. Therefore, their approach is not time-dependent, but more volume-oriented. They use the increased volatility at ECB / FED meetings or the publication of numbers to accelerate their collection campaigns or to push the price in their direction.

For the identification of the medium-term collection campaigns and short-term movement sequences, I therefore work with time-independent charts. This is the quickest way to identify the big player's plans. A decisive advantage is the precise identification of retail traders. Where do they get in, where do they get out and where are they stopped? From this, concrete derivations about a future course of the course can be created. I described that in my last post.

Big player is watching you!

Unfortunately, this is not possible in the Forex market because the decisive volume is not available. Another disadvantage is the fixed time units M1, M5, M15 ... to MN, but this can be avoided with the tick charts. The biggest big players are primarily day traders and try to complete their actions within a day. This does not always work, since their entry and exit is always dependent on the necessary volume of retail traders. Unfortunately, the platform I work with is only able to display cumulative trades of up to one week, which limits my time horizon to the last 7 trading days. As a scalper, however, this is an acceptable framework to work with, especially since most of the big players carry out their main actions in EURUSD within European and American trading hours. I'm interested in what happens in an equilibrium within the limit orders , so one can predict the short-term movements very precisely. As a rule, a big player carries out 3-4 larger actions a week, which is what I focus on.

I wish you a nice weekend

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1507 ---
Equilibrium, the fastest trend indicator

Hello dear subscribers,

Before we delve deeper into how big players behave within a longer upward or downward movement, I would like to show you an interesting discovery today that has to do with equilibrium. Equilibrium is the key to success, I have followed this approach since I started trading. An equilibrium means balance and at the same time uncertainty in the market. This situation is a decisive factor for a possible turnaround. A rising price must first be stopped in order to initiate a turnaround. This requires an equilibrium beforehand, but you can rarely see that, inside a candle.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In one post I compared the market orders with the accelerator pedal of a vehicle and the limit orders with the brakes. The price moves because the market sell orders run in the limit buy orders and the market buy orders run in the limit sell orders. The big players collect their ask and bid in the form of limit orders (iceberg orders), as these can hardly be identified in the market. Usually this happens within an bigger equilibrium. The market orders are primarily used to trigger the first stops of retail traders in order to supply themselves with volume. Exceptions arise as soon as a big player makes his own volume available. Basically, it is correct that market orders move the market, but we should be aware that market orders are also able to stop the market to a certain extent. Basically it is correct that limit orders can stop the market, but we should be aware that limit orders are also able to move the market. The fact that the big players primarily work with limit orders leads us to the conclusion that the limit orders are significantly stronger than the market orders. I would even go one step further and make the claim that the limit orders are really moving the market and not the market orders. You can find the detailed article here:

Which is stronger, market orders or limit orders?

The identification of liquidity is a major challenge, as the individual algorithms of the big players must first be decrypted and assigned to the cumulative market orders. The individual strength of the respective market and limit orders based on my 4D strength analysis is very helpful. Using algorithms, big players are able to completely remove sell limit orders from the market and at the same time push the price up with market buy orders. With a small number of market buy orders you can move the market significantly. This process is a permanent interplay and the algorithms are programmed exactly on it. It was only in the past few months that I became aware of how extremely complex these algorithms are programmed. This process is very efficient and you can find an example of this procedure here:

The interplay of algo

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Within a price, an equilibrium can be identified quickly (point A), but I am mainly interested in the turning points in the course of the course (blue arrows point B). These turning points have no previous, identifiable equilibrium in price and suddenly arise unpredictably. With my key candle from the Forex market these turning points can be localized roughly, but as a scalper I need more specific information. The fastest trading information is provided by the stock market data with the DoM, the Times and Sales list and the heat map. However, this requires a correct filter setting and the crucial information. In the past few weeks I have made an interesting discovery that I would like to introduce to you today.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

On the left you can see the Times and Sales list on the right my DoM, which I have modified a little.

Point A

Here we see the market sell orders (point C) that run into the limit buy orders. The number 24, after each trade, shows the number of limit buy orders still available in the DoM (point B).

Point D

Here we see the market buy orders (point F) that run into the limit sell orders. The number 14, after each trade, indicates the number of limit sell orders still available in the DoM (Point E). At Point G you can see the change in sizes, they are an indicator of the limit orders still available on the sell and buy side. With a special filter setting, iceberg orders can also be identified. Depending on the currency pair, there are different sizes that differ in their number. The sizes shown here refer to the Euro FX, which I have used as the basis for identifying an equilibrium.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In the first step, I assigned certain filter settings to the sizes of Best Bid / best Ask. In the Times and Sales list, the red color shows a strength in the bid area, while the green color shows a strength in the ask area. As soon as an equilibrium is created within these sizes, no color is drawn and a black field is created. Since the Times and Sales list runs very quickly, I used a 15 second chart. The yellow dots each show an equilibrium in the Times and Sales list. At Point A we see a strong equilibrium that has started a major upward trend.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

A good hour later a very distinctive equilibrium emerged that could be clearly seen in the Times and Sales list. That was the beginning of a major downward trend.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here, too, we see a stronger equilibrium on the high, which has initiated a subsequent downward trend. This downward movement was already announced in the Times and Sales list. You can see it because the bid side has already become significantly stronger in the last upward movement.

Conclusion:

At first, my discovery of generating equilibrium from the sizes seems to be the quickest way to more reliably identify trend reversals. Here, however, I will have to work with different filter settings in the next few weeks to derive more specific information. Of course, there are also errors here that I still have to filter out. First of all, it is crucial to identify the accumulation or distribution in order to recognize what the big players have previously collected. This information indicates the medium-term trend direction. After leaving the equilibrium of the collecting phase, the big player drives the course up or down in zigzag lines. We will talk about this more specifically in the next few weeks. With the help of my key candle from the Forex market, I am able to determine the approximate zone of the reversal points. The equilibrium in the sizes ultimately gives me the information as to whether the key candles I have drawn actually initiate a turnaround. It is important to recognize when a big player gets out of his main position. We will talk more about this in the next few weeks. It should be noted that an equilibrium always takes place before a trend reversal. This has to do with the fact that a course must come to a standstill before it can run in the opposite direction. A car that drives forward can only drive backwards if it comes to a standstill (equilibrium) beforehand. This is a natural law that also applies to the stock market. However, one is unable to identify an equilibrium in the candles within the zigzag movements. For that you have to look a little deeper into the candles and you can only do that with the sizes in the Times and Sales list. Of course I will keep you up to date on the further results.

I wish you all a nice Sunday and a great start to the new trading week

Best regards Michael

--- 帖子 #1508 ---
Currency exchange in the speculative market

Hello dear subscribers,

The foreign exchange market (Forex) is a submarket of the financial market where foreign exchange supply and demand meet and are exchanged at the negotiated exchange rate. Market participants in the foreign exchange market are credit institutions, central banks, the state and large companies in the non-banking sector. Small and medium-sized companies as well as private households have to turn to credit institutions for their foreign exchange transactions. Trading objects on the foreign exchange market are foreign exchange, i.e. book money in foreign currency. The foreign exchange market is the world's largest financial market, with global daily sales of approximately $ 6.6 trillion in 2019. The internationally used reserve currencies US dollar, euro, Japanese yen and British pound as well as the regional currency Australian dollar are the most traded. The EURUSD is the most traded currency pair, with a daily volume of over $ 2 trillion.

The foreign Exchange market enables the exchange of domestic money into foreign and vice versa, thereby converting purchasing power from the domestic currency into the foreign currency. Trading does not take place centrally via a stock exchange, but mostly directly between financial institutions via corresponding dealer networks. Companies, brokers and private speculators are also increasing among the participants. The trading medium is primarily online trading via trading platforms such as the electronic broker EBS and telephone trading. The foreign exchange market is institutionalized through foreign exchange trading. In the narrower sense, this means the interbank market in the context of customer business and proprietary trading. Internationally active credit institutions trade here in the form of standardized foreign exchange transactions based on recognized trading practices with the foreign exchange object. Foreign exchange transactions in turn consist of the basic forms of spot exchange or forward exchange transactions as well as the derived (derivative) currency swap transactions and currency option transactions.

The Forex market is not only used for speculation or proprietary trading, but also for currency Exchange. A common foreign exchange transaction in the private customer business is the foreign transfer to a country with a foreign currency. There is occasionally a need to hedge larger foreign currency liabilities, e.g. B. to maintain a holiday home in a country with a foreign currency or for cross-border commuters who live abroad. Furthermore, the foreign Exchange business for private investors also plays a role as part of the securities business. Larger companies pay their employees their salary once a month, which often means changing currencies.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Especially at the end of a month, the currency Exchange that does not serve speculation increases enormously. In the chart of the Euro FX we see an increased volume of larger orders within 5 trading days (June 26th - July 2nd). The green fields, show a dollar Exchange in euros and the red fields a euro Exchange in dollars. These investments are carried out by larger banks for their large customers. This approach makes it difficult to get a clear picture of the market. As a rule, you can use the limit orders to identify what a big player collects within an equilibrium (accumulation / distribution). If a larger market participant collects Ask, for his speculation, he has to get out of his position with a bid at some point. A currency Exchange, on the other hand, gives us incorrect information. If there is now a big Dollar Exchange in euros on a high, it looks as if a larger market participant is collecting the euro (point A). This could lead some traders to take a long position, which in this case means a loss. If the bank buys this Ask through a limit sell order, it will transfer the euro to the customer's account. He pays the salaries to his employees. Although Ask was bought (dollars exchanged for euros), the position is now finished and you wait in vain for an exit (bid).

As a speculator, I have found a solution that could possibly help you.

Basically, at the end and beginning of a month, you can see that massive currencies are being exchanged. This exchange takes place almost exclusively in high volume phases. With the heat map you can analyze the larger orders more precisely and display them in the chart. Big players often have the habit of placing larger orders of 100 lots or more in the market one after the other. Market orders are sometimes used to process the transaction immediately. Basically, it is difficult to distinguish between a currency exchange and a speculative transaction, but the likelihood of a larger currency exchange is highest between the individual months. That is why one should carry out a more precise analysis especially in these times. In order to facilitate the relationship between supply and demand, I would consider the large orders rather neutral at this time. You can do this by filtering out the larger orders. Of course, you will also filter out speculative orders, but the number of neutral orders is significantly higher during this time. This increases the probability of getting a better overview. If I see several 100 lot orders in the heat map that come in one after the other, I ignore them. That saved me some losses in the past. Therefore, we should act a little more carefully at the end and beginning of a month.

I wish you a successful trading day

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1509 ---
Analysis for the EURUSD

Hello dear subscribers,

Over 1 million retail traders trade in EURUSD every day, creating 1 million different opinions about the future course of the price. At the end of the day, 50,000 retail traders will have been right, while the remaining 950,000 traders are hoping for a new opportunity. Most of them start with an analysis before trading, taking into account the long-term, medium-term and short-term price trend.

Basically, an analysis can only be made from a past course, but in most cases the future course has nothing to do with the past course, since it has already ended. The vast majority of big players, who control 85% of the forex market, are day traders and try to close their positions within a day, high frequency traders are often only in the market for a few minutes. We find long-term major traders among institutional traders who manage funds or hedge themselves through the market. However, their odds of winning are significantly lower than those of the big players or high-frequency traders.

Our chart consists of 99.9% from the past and 0.1% from the present. The present is the current candle that is currently developing. The past course of the course is always a typical chaos in which we want to put an understandable order. Now indicators, horizontal and vertical lines, resistance and support zones are used to predict a possible price trend. This makes the big players happy, because they produce artificial resistance zones every day to take the money from retail traders.

The market would be much easier if there were only speculators, but billions of dollars are being brought into the market every day that are only intended for currency exchange. In principle, this currency exchange is a neutral trade and should only be viewed as an exit from a currency. However, this currency exchange also appears in the order book and often falsifies the view of supply and demand. Since many trading actions are not always profit-oriented, this procedure makes it difficult to have a clear view of the markets.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

On Thursday July 3, 2020 the price went down (point A to point B). Then a larger equilibrium began for 30 hours. On Friday July 4, 2020 volatility was significantly lower since the United States had a public holiday. Nevertheless, a big player had an excellent strategy, which he also successfully implemented. This successful strategy took place in the Point C area in the afternoon.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The decisive upward movement started at 2:00 p.m. after a strong pullback. The M1 upward movement reached 28 pip in 168 minutes. That's an average of 0.16 pip per minute. The M1 normally reaches an average of 1.54 pip per minute. A complete report on the achievable pip / minute within the different time units can be found here:

Increase our hourly dare?

On Friday, volatility was around ten times lower than the average. At Point C, over 1100 lot market buy orders were absorbed by a big player within 10 minutes (16:57 - 17:07 CET), without most people noticing. This approach was a special masterpiece, so I would like to go into more detail today. First of all, it is noticeable that the volatility has increased significantly from point B, but the massive absorption could not be seen from the pure candles. The stock exchange data is crucial for this, which we now take a closer look at.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Around 4:30 p.m. (Point A), the price was pushed down massively, absorbing the long trader's stops. From point B, the price was pushed up and formed a new high. Now a small equilibrium emerged and at Point C suddenly massive buyers came into the market, whose market buy orders were absorbed by the big player. The red circles represent the size of the accumulated limit sell orders. It is noticeable that the big player absorbed around 65 lots per action.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Let's switch to the M1 for a better overview and look at a footprint chart. As we can see, the price went up slowly within the strong absorption and almost all market buy orders were absorbed. The white numbers above the respective candles show the number of market buy orders absorbed per minute. 1132 solder were absorbed in 10 minutes and the price continued to rise. This action was a special achievement, because if a big player absorbs too much, the buyers would suddenly jump off and the price would come to a standstill. This happened briefly at Point A, so the big player had to push the course up again. From the course of the price, you can clearly see that less stops were absorbed by short traders, but more the ask, from new buyers. Stops are usually absorbed, here buyers are absorbed. We'll take a closer look at how the big player did it.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The principle of the big players to start an upward or downward movement is in procedure always similar. At Point A we see the end of a little equilibrium. The price is pushed down and the long trader's stops are absorbed. From point B, the big player first pushes the course up. At Point C, a small equilibrium is created, where the big player collects a large number of ask. Now the price is pushed up strongly and at Point D there is a first partial exit from the euro. This has to do with the fact that a big player accumulates a higher number of ask when he pushes the price up. He tries to avoid this by using the algorithms to control his limit sell orders in order to get through with as little ask as possible, but that doesn't always work. I have described this strategy in more detail here:

The interplay of algo

In the following pullback (to point D) the euro is collected again and the course to point E is pushed up. This is where the big player gets out with his remaining position. Since there are no other buyers on the market, a small pullback to Point F is created. After that, the big player pushes the price upwards and ensures that a new high is formed. This brings buyers back to the market. The big player starts absorbing these market buy oders with his sell limit orders to buy the dollar. Then the course is pushed down. The stops of the long traders' create a chain reaction, which means the price goes down faster.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Now let's look at the situation of Friday's upward movement. At Point A around 2 p.m., a larger number of ask was absorbed and the course pushed up. This upward movement was very slow and sustainable as there was less volatility. At Point B there was a small exit from the euro and at Point C the big player got out of the euro entirely. Now the big player pushed the price down sharply, absorbed the long trader's stops and then pushed the price to a new high. This increased the volatility and suddenly massive buyers came into the market, who now hoped for a strong breakout. The hoped-for outbreak did not come because the big player collected all available ask. 1132 Lot Ask were absorbed within 10 minutes (Point D).

The next thing that amazed me was the even absorption of Ask (Point E). These patterns are typical of a currency exchange. A major bank may have helped a key customer push the euro up so that he would have an advantage at Point D when he exchanged the euro for the dollar. If the customer had exchanged their euros at 1.12200, they would have received almost $ 350,000 less than at 1.12450. It is also conceivable that the customer already invested part of his money at 1.12200 and thereby realized an even higher profit. After all, this was an amount of $ 141 million. Currency exchange fees are very lucrative for the bank.

There is also a second option. Due to the low volatility, the upward movement dragged on over 3 hours. During this time, the big player had to buy new ask again and again in order to push the price further up. He tried to get out of his position at point B and C, but failed due to the low volatility. After forming a new high via Point C, he now used the new buyers to get out of his euro position completely.

The third possibility is that the big player at Point B and C has completely left his position and used the situation at Point D to buy the dollar massively.

Let us now analyze these three options with a view to a future course.

1st possibility

If a big player helps a key customer realize a better price to exchange for a dollar, it would be embarrassing if the price went up massively on Monday. The customer might have to do this currency exchange on Friday to pay salaries. If the bank had previously bought a large number of ask in the EURUSD (accumulation phase), it would have informed the customer that he should wait another day or two as the euro could still rise significantly. Instead, this exchange was carried out at Point D. The bank may have assumed that this is the best price for the customer. That would be an indication of a falling euro.

2nd possibility

If Point D was a kind of panic sale of the big player in order to get out of its euro position, it means that the big player does not believe in further, rising prices at this time. First of all, this speaks for a possible equilibrium, since there is no longer a major position in the market. The decisive factor here is what happens within the equilibrium on Monday and Tuesday.

3rd possibility

If the big player has used the situation at Point D to buy the dollar massively, this is a clear indication of future, falling prices. In order to eliminate possible short traders, however, a strong breakout upwards could occur beforehand.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Let us now go into the long-term analysis. I used a daily chart from the past three years for this. At the beginning of 2018 the high was reached at 1.255 and the price slowly went down in the following two years. The goal was the strong gap of 180 pip that formed in April 2017. I already pointed this out in September 2019.

EURUSD where is the journey going?

Key candles in Stophunting

First, the gap at point B was closed in half and the price was pushed upwards again. This was because there were too many short traders in the market at the time who believed that the gap was now closing. You can find the report here:

How to follow big players with Forex data.

The course always came again in the area of the gap and was rejected there. From point D it went up again strongly. The gap appears to be a strong zone, where a large number of buyers are entering the market. Point B may have reached the lowest low for the coming years. If strong buyers continue to enter the market, zone 1.10400 would be a strong buyer zone for me, which could push the price higher. At 1.17300 there is still a strong resistance zone, where in the past, a massive number of sellers enter the market. At the latest there, the sellers could become very active again.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Now we are reducing the daily chart and looking at the last four months. At Point A we see how motivated the buyers reacted to the gap. Then the course went to Point B to curtail the long-term short traders in their profits. Point C was initially not a strong zone that pushed the price higher. Point D&E could push the course again to Point F. From today's perspective, this would be a zone from which the course could run towards 1.17300. However, this depends heavily on how the big players react to retail traders. And unfortunately you can never predict that.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Let us now look at the last two trading days with the exchange data. From point A, the rate went down to point B. According to my limit profile, the dollar was bought massively there. There was a breakout to Point C after that the course went down. At Point D the dollar was bought again massively, there was a strong breakout to Point E again and the price went down. From point F an equilibrium was created. At Point G & H a massive number of bids were bought again. There could possibly be a breakout again. The next resistance zone (Point J) could put the price at 1.10400.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here we see the same chart again in the Forex M5. Since my stock market chart is a cumulative view of the orders, the price trend is somewhat distorted. However, the highs and lows are the same. I have now drawn the zones with red squares where massive bid was bought. There is no way to see this information in the Forex Chart. This is a major disadvantage when working exclusively with Forex data. In addition to using stock market data, I recommend every trader to say goodbye to the candles in the long term because they give us a wrong picture of the market. I have written an interesting article that I recommend you read:

Why candles don't work properly in retail

The Forex market is Formula 1, here you can find the best traders in the world, the big players and the high frequency traders. Every trader who makes his trading decisions exclusively from the Forex candles has a big disadvantage, because he does not know what is happening in the market. He competes with the best Formula 1 racing cars with a sport kart, so to speak. We can see how this works from the loss rates that every broker publishes. We retail traders do not have the capital of big players, but we have the opportunity to work with the same technology. Now let's take a look at which charts these professionals work with.

Inserted Video

Of course, we also see some candle charts and volume profiles in the video, but they don't work time-based. This is only a rough price overview, indicators or resistance zones are not used. The decisive charts show the DoM and the time and sales list because they convey the fastest information in the market. This information is accessible to everyone today and inexpensive. If you want to work professionally, you should orientate yourself to the professionals. Working with the DoMand the time and sales list is a big change, but it's just a matter of time and training. I myself could learn that within a year. If a forex candle chart brings more benefits than the DoM and the time and sales list, all big players would work with it. We should be wondering why they don't do it?

Conclusion:

By the larger traders, the long-term, institutional traders achieve a profit rate of 60%. The largest day traders (big players) achieve a win rate of around 80-90% and the largest high-frequency traders achieve up to 99%. The longer the time frame in which a price forecast is made, the more this forecast depends on chance. The smaller this time frame, the more precisely you can determine course trends in advance. However, this is only possible with stock exchange data, provided you are able to see what the big players are currently collecting. That is one of the reasons why I am a scalper in the market. It is therefore completely irrelevant whether my long-term price forecast comes true or not. The big players are always orientated on the herd (1 million retail traders) and have to base their strategies on them. Unfortunately, you can never know beforehand how 1 million traders will react tomorrow. This is where the stock market data help us.

I get the fastest information with the heat map, the DoM and the time and sales list. I am currently working on the equilibrium that is created within the time and sales list. This information is very precise and gives me concrete information about the current course within seconds. We'll talk about that in the next few weeks. Incidentally, this is exactly the procedure of the high-frequency traders, who, however, have more specific information available for this. The more precise information you have, the better you are able to react to current market situations. The stock market is all about information advantages, the faster you have it in front of other market participants, the more effectively you can trade. It has been proven that traders who work with stock market data have three times the success rate of a forex trader. I recommend reading the following articles:

Forex versus future

Combine Forex and Future data!

The future cannot be predicted in the stock market, but with filtered stock market data, one can react faster to the actions of the big players. It is not crucial to be faster than the big player, it is enough to be faster than most retail traders. I think that's an important point to think about.

I wish you a nice weekend and a great start to trading on Monday.

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1510 ---
Two effective trades within 4 minutes

Hello dear subscribers,

Exactly a week ago I submitted an analysis on the EURUSD. My guess that the larger bid orders on Friday, seven days ago, were a currency exchance turned out to be correct, since the price then went up sharply.

Analysis for the EURUSD

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Basically, the EURUSD has been moving back and forth in great balance for the past five days. On Thursday (Point A) he finally reached my marked resistance zone and was turned down. The day before yesterday, an equilibrium formed at Point B on Friday, where a large number of dollars was bought. We will see in the next few weeks whether that is enough to bring the price back to 1.10400. Should the price go down again, this zone would be an area where stronger buyers could enter the market again. As I mentioned earlier, long-term price forecasts are very speculative, as the big players always have to react to the retail traders at very short notice.

The big players dominate the market, but if there is a large number of short traders entering the market in a downward trend, the big players have to react. Iceberg orders (limit buy orders) initially intercept a large number of market sell orders from retail traders in order to hold the price down. This absorption usually takes place at several price levels so that it is not noticeable. While the price went down, the big player also filled the limit sell order levels with iceberg orders. As soon as the price does not get further down, the algorithms delete the limit sell orders that have been used and at the same time market buy orders are shot into the market. The big player thus manages to move the market strongly upwards with relatively few market buy orders. That also makes sense, since the big player is short orientated and needs as little ask as possible at this time. As a result, the market literally jumps up and the first stops of the short traders trigger another chain reaction that pushes the price further up. This action will stop short-term and medium-term traders and limit long-term traders in their profits. It is very beneficial for the big player that most traders pull their stops to secure their profits. After a longer downward trend, more and more stops are accumulating in the same price region. The big player only has to stop out the traders, after which he can push the course further down. If despite this action further short traders come into the market, the big player will simply sell his complete short positions to the retail traders, and then push the price up in the longer term. This action occurred between February 20 and 24 in EURUSD, when most of the retail traders were convinced that the open gap (180 pip from April 2017) will be closed. You can find the complete report here:

Strong Buy Limits on Thursday

As promised, we will speak more specifically about the course of an upward and downward movement in the next few weeks. It is very brutal how the big players do this. But if you know these strategies, you can quickly double your odds.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The last trading day on Friday was initially an average trading day. From the open the course ran 30 pip down and was pushed up from the London open, 70 pip. At 5:00 p.m. the price then went down 30 pip. At Point A we can see that a larger accumulation of Ask has pushed the price up. For me that was the reason to look for long trades within the line from Point B. Around noon some equilibrium emerged within the upward trend. At Point C, we see a larger player buying a large number of dollars and the price is now going down. It was a good opportunity to search for short trades within the line (Point D). Then I waited because I didn't know exactly when the course would go up again. It was striking that a high number of Ask was bought at the Point E price level. As a large number of buyers came into the market in this zone, this area was a strong resistance zone for me. I wait until the price broke through this zone and was able to look around the line (Point F) for long trades. At Point G, a high number of Ask was acquired again at one price level. The course went up and I realized that a big player at Point H was getting out of the euro. The zone at point G was a stronger resistance zone, but I assumed that the high should be reached soon. At the end of the day, I wanted to close an interesting trade. This eventually resulted in two trades at Point I, which we will talk about in more detail shortly. At Point J came the confirmation that the price would now go down. As a major big player had left his euro position, I also ended my trading day from Point J.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In my limit delta chart you can understand the process again in more detail. At Point A you can see how a big player gets out of the dollar and collects a higher number of ask around 9:00 a.m. and pushes the price up. At Point C & D there was already a major exit from the euro and Point D shows a dollar purchase. the euro was bought stronger as the price went down. at Point E there was a small fake breakout down to switch off the long traders, then the price was pushed up. At Point F, I saw the big player buy Ask again to push the price up. The dollar was finally bought at Point G and the price was pushed down. At Point H we can see a larger limit delta in the area of the bid, which could be an indication of a further falling price. But let's wait and see how the Asian market will react on Sunday / Monday.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here we see my last two trades on Friday night. I was able to identify the resistance zone (point A) in the future market as well as in the forex market with the help of my key candle. The blue candle at point B was my first trade. I ended this trade after 93 seconds because I had drawn a resistance zone at Point C and I didn't know how far the price would go back. Finally, I opened another trade at Point D, which I ended in my resistance zone (Point E) after 156 seconds. At Point F the high of the day was finally reached. The winnings are shown in euros, converted to dollar = $ 360 and $ 500.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

With the stock market data you can of course look far deeper into the market. Here we see a cumulative chart view, the red circles show the stops of the short traders, the green circles the stops of the long traders.

Point A

First of all, we see that with limit buy orders, a high number of ask was collected and then the price went up sharply. That's why I marked a strong buy zone there.

Point B

We recognize that the short traders' stops were used to buy the dollar. First the price was pushed down and came back to motivate the long traders to continue buying. Then the course was pushed into my buying zone (Point A). First I wait for the price to go up a little and got into the first trade at Point D. I was also able to identify a resistance zone at Point E with the stock exchange data. The risk of having to surrender all profits was too high for me, which is why I got out of my first trade at Point E. At Point F I finally made my second trade, which ended after 153 seconds. The chart we see here was a rough overview for me, but the final decision was made based on the information from my DoM.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Point A

In my main screen at Point A you can see the stops of the short and long traders. In addition, I need the vertical and horizontal limit delta.

Point B

Here we see, in the H1 chart, a filtered, cumulative limit delta. So I can immediately see what the big players collect with their limit orders.

Point C

Usually a footprint chart does not help in retail, but I have hidden the imbalances in this footprint chart, this helps me to identify the equilibrium. The indicator below shows the strength of bid and Ask in the DoM.

Point D

Usually my Forex Chart is much smaller in the main screen, I have enlarged it for a better overview.

Point E

Here we see my time and sales list, which I have filtered so that I can see the equilibrium relevant to me within the sizes. We will soon see how important this equilibrium is.

Point F

A few months ago I developed an interesting filter setting in the DoM. I calculated the strength of the market orders from the data of the limit orders. The stronger the respective bar, the stronger the subsequent price movement. The ad responds to the sizes and not to the ticks. In principle, the display shows the penetration of the respective limit orders. It is therefore the fastest way to identify future price movements without the need for a price movement beforehand. This filter setting reacts incredibly quickly, you can see that later in my video with the Forex data.

Point G

With this time and sales list, I use a special filter to identify the strength of the limit buy orders. The lighter the color, the stronger the limit buy orders.

Point H

In this time and sales list, I use a special filter to identify the strength of the limit sell orders. The lighter the color, the stronger the limit sell orders.

Point I

I have optimized this display in the DoM in the past few months. The right yellow bar shows the strength of the market buy orders, the left yellow bar shows the strength of the market sell orders. With the help of time filtering, I managed to graphically show the strength and change of the respective limit orders (red and green). On the left side we see the completed limit buy orders in the H1, on the left the waiting limit buy orders in the DoM. On the right side we see the completed limit sell orders in the H1, on the right next to it the waiting limit sell orders in the DoM. This representation is responsible for my entry and exit.

This chart was taken a second before my first trade. In the blue box we can see that the limit sell orders are being withdrawn by the big player so that he is able to push the price up with a small number of market buy orders. You can find a detailed report here:

The interplay of algo

At the same time, the strength of the market buy orders increases. In the video you can hear with my sounds (Bid / Ask) how a machine gun volley is fired by Ask. That was the ideal start for me. From this entry, the price was 0.1 pip against me, so it reached 10% of my stop zone.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here we see the chart just before I exit the first trade. In the time and sales list at Point A we see that there are some equilibrium in the area of the sizes, which shows great uncertainty. At Point B we see that the market sell orders are gaining strength. Point C shows a major obstacle in the area of limit sell orders, while limit buy orders clear the way down. I knew from my chart that there was a larger resistance zone in this area, and I couldn't estimate how far the price would go back down, so the trade ended after 93 seconds.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here we see the chart 1 second before entering my second trade. First of all, the course went back a bit and in the time and sales list at Point A we see that the equilibrium has disappeared. There is no longer any uncertainty in the market. In the DoM (point B) we can see that the strength of the market buy orders increases. In the blue box at point C we can see again that the big player is withdrawing his limit sell orders in order to let his market buy orders through. Stronger limit buy orders are added to secure the price downwards (point D). A machine gun volley of tones sets the Ask in motion, which was an ideal start for me. This time the course was 0.2 pip against me, so it reached 20% of my stop zone.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The price has now increased more, here we see the chart 1 second before I exit. At Point A, we can see that the strength of the market buy orders is very high, but this brand buy orders no longer advance because they are intercepted by the limit sell orders (Point B). We recognize that the strength of limit sell orders is increasing (point C). At the same time, the limit buy orders open to let the price go down (Point D). In my filtered footprint chart at Point E you can see that an equilibrium is being created. At Point F we also see that the big player in DoM places a large number of limit sell orders on the market in order to intercept a rising price. That was an optimal exit point for me. After that, the price actually went down more. With the information you received, you can now watch the video about the two trades. Pay attention to the different tones of Best Bid and Best Ask.

Inserted Video

30 minutes before my 1st trade, I already knew where my entry point was, so I had enough time to prepare a corresponding chart to analyze the trade afterwards. I couldn't have known beforehand that this would become two trades. In retrospect, however, that's a stroke of luck, because you can see what precession you can work with. Of course, that doesn't always work so well, but that's exactly my daily goal. As soon as I am in the trade, the breakout should take place without the price going against me.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Now let's take a closer look at the analysis of these two trades.

Trade No.1

$ 360 was won with 3.6 pip. The spread is usually 0.5 pip, in this case it was slightly higher at 0.9 pip. Less a 20 percent discount, the broker earned a total of $ 72. My overall risk was $ 172. The risk / reward ratio was 1: 3.6, but you should add the brokerage costs. This effectively results in a risk-reward ratio of 1: 2. In the M1, the EURUSD averages reached 1.5 pip per minute. With my first trade, I was able to exceed this average by 53%.

Trade No.2

$ 500 was won with 5 pip. In this case, the spread was 0.8 pip minus a 20 percent discount, the broker earned a total of $ 64. My overall risk was $ 164. The risk / reward ratio was 1: 5, included broker costs 1: 3! With my second trade I was able to exceed the pip average in the M1 by 26%.

For me, as a scalper, this pip per minute value is a decisive factor. The second trade brought in $ 140 more than the first trade, but I was almost twice as long in the market. So the risk of the second trade was significantly higher than the first trade. While the first trade reached 2.3 pip per minute, I only managed 1.9 pip per minute with the second trade. This made the first trade 20% more effective. Of course, I could have saved $ 64 in additional brokerage costs by not exit the first trade. However, I didn't know how far the pullback would go. I focus more on the pip per minute. As a scalper I want to get in and out as quickly as possible, the costs play a subordinate role. It's basically just about catching the small breakouts within an M1 candle. Out of 1440 M1 candles that are created every day, there are about 500 candles that are interesting for me. Using my filter setting in the DoM and the time and sales list, it is much easier to reach these M1 breakout candles. With very small stops and a win rate of 80% you have significantly more costs than the average trader, but at the same time 500 chances per day. If you choose the best opportunities, it increases the probability of winning. This would not be possible with the pure Forex data, so the stock market data is an absolute must.

In addition, there is a very high expenditure of time to optimize the individual filter settings on a daily basis. However, this is relatively easy to do, since 20-30 trades only take about 30 minutes a day to trade. So I can use the rest of the time wisely to optimize my filter settings. Since I can hear the market using my tones, I immediately recognize when there is movement in the market. Since I have already drawn the resistance zones beforehand, I can therefore decide relatively quickly whether the upcoming trade is worthwhile or not.

Of course I am a trader with all human weaknesses, I sometimes expand my stop because I believe that the price is turning again. I get out of the trade too early due to caution and often don't get into the trade, although my gut feeling tells me something different. My fear is greater than greed, which has often saved me from harm. I lose and I win and sometimes there are revenge trades. We traders are human and cannot always control our emotions. I also don't always trade with 10 lots and often my profits are lower. I prefer a comprehensible loss to a random gain. I have to understand why a loss or profit has arisen, because only then can I build on it in the future to minimize the losses and increase the profits. A loss hurts, but you can learn more from it than from a profit. You had previously expected the profit, a loss comes unexpectedly. So I analyze my losses more closely than the profits. In the next projects I will also show some losses, to show what mistakes I have made. My trading direction is based on the strategy of securing my profits rather than taking unnecessary risk to make millions. The greater the number of lots invested, the sooner the market will notice you.

In the future market you are already noticed with 5 lots, since the Forex market is 100 times larger, you are noticed with 500 lots. However, the fewest lots actually end up in the forex market, the most only in the broker's own virtual market (exception: ECN broker). The main customers of the broker are smaller retail traders who trade under 1 lot, which is why the traders attract attention with 5 lots. In order to deprive brokers of the chance to manipulate prices, one should work with virtual stops that the broker cannot see. As long as you act under the radar of the big players or brokers and do not place your stops where the masses place their stops, you can inconspicuously realize your smaller profits. Either you are so small that you don't attract attention, or you have billions of dollars to move the market. Both situations are optimal. It becomes problematic when you are right in between. The smaller institutional traders notice this in particular.

It's like the celebrities or the rich, either you are prominent / rich or completely unknown. It is only problematic for those who are in between. I am glad that I am one of the small traders, because if you do not attract attention, you can realize your profits in peace and have a good chance of keeping them long-term. It is not my goal to make millions from trading, just an above average living. And whoever does this has already achieved more than the remaining 98% of all traders. Of course there are exceptional traders who make millions, there are also people who win $ 1 billion in Powerball. But it would be stupid to use it as a guide. There is no big player today who started out as a small retail trader. The big players have not earned their own money, but are using their bank's liquidity to move the market. Of course, you have to be professional to stay successful. We smaller traders have to build our own money, how are we going to do it if even the big players have not done it in the past? The stock market is an illusory world, and the more the stock market lobby makes it clear to retail traders that it is easy to make millions, the more big players can benefit from it. Every day, over 900,000 traders lose money in EURUSD and still carry on, which shows how great the hope is. After all, tomorrow you could be one of the winners.

I don't mean to say that it is impossible to be successful, it is just a damn hard way. With the general knowledge of candles, indicators and forex data, the probability of winning is almost entirely dependent on luck. The goal should be to realize the probability of winning through data from the stock market. Then trading becomes a predictable factor that enables long-term income. To do this, you have to be prepared to put previous knowledge on hold and acquire new knowledge. Unfortunately, it's not that easy. The brain is like a water glass in which a certain knowledge about trading is stored. In order to embark on a new path, you have to be ready to pour out this water glass and then fill it with new knowledge. But that takes a lot of courage. Although many traders lose on a daily basis, they see their knowledge as a kind of safety that they are never ready to give up. After all, it took them years to store this knowledge. With over 90% of traders losing, 90% of the published trading knowledge seems to be wrong.

Let us assume that our incorrectly acquired knowledge is a blue liquid in a water glass. If we now pour out half of the blue liquid and fill it up with pure water, the liquid will still be blue. Only when we pour out the entire glass and then fill it with pure water will the water in the glass be transparent in the end. The greatest art in trading is figuring out where to find pure water (knowledge). That's why I spend so much time advancing my knowledge. As a scalper, I can take this time more easily. My knowledge is not pure water either, but I work 12-14 hours a day to get rid of the rest of the blue color. I am aware that this will be a life's work. Two quotes from two extraordinary people can give us strength.

I didn't fail - I discovered 10,000 ways that didn't work. Thomas Alva Edison

There are more people who give up than those who fail. Henry Ford

I sincerely wish you that you have the strength to hold out, success will come sooner or later.

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1511 ---
True Lies

Hello dear subscribers,

At first glance, trading appears to be very simple, you open an account with any broker, download the MT4 and you're good to go. As a beginner, you first have to get used to the MT4, that alone takes a lot of time. As soon as you have mastered the MT4 to some extent, the endless search for the Holy Grail begins in the form of free indicators. As soon as you have found a promising indicator, it is downloaded and the test phase begins. The settings of the indicator are continuously optimized until it is finally determined that this indicator does not meet the high expectations. Then you find a new indicator and the game starts over. The best indicators stay on the chart until one day the chart is completely overloaded. After a few years, you find that most of the indicators are useless and you just start to focus on the candles. As a result, the profits do not increase and the losses remain the same. This is also logical, since a candle is only the effect, the cause lies in the different market orders, that run in the limit orders. And that is exactly what we cannot see in the Forex market.

Finally, one tries to find EA's that automatically realize profits. You buy trading books, chargeable indicators and maybe look for the right trading coach. At the end of the day, you will resign and give up trading.Trading is basically like a profession. In order to practice a profession, you have to learn as an apprentice for at least 3 years. This includes practice and theory, you also have to spend time preparing for tests and exams. In 3 years, about 7500 hours add up. Once you have passed the exam, the learning really starts. After another 4 years you have the opportunity to attend the master school and after 10 years you have achieved your master title. A doctor, lawyer or notary also takes about 7-10 years to earn above average. In these 7-10 years you have to be willing to invest time and money to achieve the goal. That is about 20-25,000 hours of effort to then be able to professionally pursue a profession. Unfortunately, that's no different in trading, even if brokers and trading coaches try to convince us otherwise. A trading-coach sit in the Lamborghini, wave with a bundle of banknotes and promise the beginners the blue of the sky. Many believe that if a trading coach has so much money, it must be a good trader. Unfortunately, the opposite is  the case, because most coaches did not achieve their wealth through trading, but through the sale of their seminars.

On the stock exchange, 95% lose their money and only 5% fail to lose money. However, this does not mean that the 5% can make a living from their profits. Only about 2% of all traders actually manage that. The situation is no different for the trading coaches. In my opinion, only about 2-5% of all coaches work seriously.

I would immediately delete any trading coach who shows off his sports car, his property or a bundle of money slips from my list. I would also be careful if someone promises that you will trade successfully after their seminar. This is definitely a lie. The only thing a trading coach can do for you is to save you time in the long term and that's all. Imagine you want to lose weight, exercise or quit smoking. To achieve this, you are looking for a coach. This coach now gives you tips on how you can achieve your personal goal. Whether you actually achieve this goal depends entirely on yourself. It is questionable whether the method and approach of the trainer fits your ideas, in which all these points are crucial for optimal goal achievement. If you are a vegetarian and a fitness trainer recommends chicken as a protein supplier, your vision will not be fulfilled either. Of course there are alternatives, but unfortunately it is a bit more complicated in trading.

Every trading beginner first needs a rough orientation in order to develop.

1. How does the market work?

2. How do the big players work?

3. Workstation, screens, workplace, internet?

4. Time management as a part-time and full-time trader?

5. Shares, Future, Forex?

6. Which currency pairs, commodities, indices or stocks?

7. Scalper, Daydrader or Swingtrader?

8. Brokers, data feeds, software?

9. Money management, risk analysis, leverage, security, stops?

10. Fundamental, chart technique, technical analysis?

11. Breakout, reversal, pullback, range bound, continuation setup?

12. Indicators, EA, candles, tickchart?

13. DoM, time and sales, heat map, volume profile, spoofing?

14. Special aids, sounds, limit orders, iceberg orders?

15. Time units, chart views?

16. Opinions, press, news?

17. Psychology?

18. Continuing education, communication?

19. Daily trading evaluation / analysis?

20. Personal setup?

(In my blog you will find detailed information about all 20 points!)

In the last 10 years, I have adapted and optimized all these points again and again in my own study. I still haven't reached my final goal. I work on my development every day, because every standstill is a step backwards. I have read few books about trading and have never been to a trading coach because their statements have not convinced me. I have taken a path in trading that is second to none worldwide. This method is tailored to my trading style in order to generate the greatest success for me. With the help of a trainer, I would never have found this way.

Most coaches cannot give you a correct recommendation based on my 20 points, because every person is as individual as a thumbprint. If you are a Forex trader and a trading coach tries to reverse your polarity as a future trader, you have to start all over again. Basically, it's always a question of time and money. Of course you can learn something from every trainer and in the worst case you learn how not to do it. But you can usually save the money.

The 20 points I mentioned are the basis of your trading. On this you have to build the most important point, your personal setup. This setup tells you when to get in and out of the trade and unfortunately you have to find out for yourself. No coach can help you with this. If a coach claims that anyway, he is lying. The reason for this lies in our psychology, every trader is differently structured and therefore people, in the same situation, always react differently. Therefore, you will never be able to make the same trades as a trading coach. However, a suitable trainer can save you time so that you can find your suitable setup faster.

If you have enough time, I recommend investing 7-10 years to find your suitable setup. If you can manage these 7-10 years (20-25,000 hours), you could become very successful. With the right trainer you can possibly save 1/3 of the time, but first you have to find the right trainer. But forget to believe that you can trade better after coaching. Then you only know, what to focus on in the next few years.

Let us assume the following situation:

You already have basic trading knowledge and would have to learn 6 more years to become a successful trader. With a coach you can save 2 years and manage to be successful after only 4 years. For these 2 years you save, you are welcome to invest money.

Unfortunately I can't tell you where to find a suitable coach, but I can advise you to avoid the following coaches:

Coaches who advertise aggressively on social media.

Coaches who have their headquarters abroad.

Coaches who boast on money, cars and real estate.

Coaches who claim they can make you successful.

Coaches who scold their competition.

Coaches that offer volume trading.

Coaches who want to change your trading style completely.

Coaches who tell you how easy it is to trade.

Coaches who are cut down their trading products or reducing their prices.

Coaches who don't seem honest to you.

I have nothing against good coaches, only against the bad ones!

Always keep in mind:

If you trade successfully, it depends only on your setup and not on the ability of a trading coach. He may have saved you some time, but only you are responsible for your success. Likewise, you are solely responsible for your failure. In the worst case, you might find that trading is not for you. The most important thing is to stop trading immediately when you realize that it is not your world. This is not a failure, just think of how many professions there are where you would not feel comfortable. Of course, many people dream of financial independence, the chance of becoming an independent entrepreneur is twice as high as in trading. This is also an opportunity that you can take. There is an important sentence that applies to life: We have the chance to start anew every day. We should use that.

I wish you a nice weekend

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1512 ---
Michael, you should write a book if you have time. I love the style in which you write. Your posts are very appreciated.

--- 帖子 #1513 ---
Looking for complex patterns in the DoM

Hello nigpig,

First of all, I am pleased that the information in this blog help you. I had English in high school for a few years, my sister even lives in Canada, but I always thought that my knowledge of English, are a great disaster. When I read my first posts on my blog, there are still a lot of errors. However, I believe that I have been able to improve my English skills in recent years. You are from England and if you praise the style of my posts, I believe that many traders worldwide understand what I want to convey. Thank you very much for that, it will definitely help me further but I would like to improve my English skills significantly in the next few years. As a German, thinking and writing is far too complicated; the Americans have developed a strategy with their language to get things straight to the point quickly and efficiently. I like that very much, but it sometimes creates misunderstandings.

The term "honey cake horse" does not exist in the English language. A honey cake horse is a pastry made of honey cake in the shape of a horse. Honey cake horses were previously sold at fairs. In Germany there is a saying: grin like one Honey cake horse. The English equivalent is: To smile like a Cheshire cat. In the stock exchange area in particular there are very complex representations that are not always easy to explain. But with the right training, you can also tackle this challenge. The most important thing is that even a beginner understands what you want to convey.

In 42 months I'll be 60 years old and I've actually thought about writing a book about my trading style. Although this is a lot of work to describe things in such a way that they result in concrete benefits. In addition to the right style, a professional editor must optimize the book. I have enough topics , the decisive factor is that the reader benefits from them. But I will think about it, I have now the half of my life behind me and enough time yet .

I have discovered and published very crucial things in my blog in recent years and I am happy if it helps the readers. Although I wouldn't have to, I work over 300 hours a month in trading. This includes my blog, my current projects, making money from my trading, optimizing my settings and helping some friends with trading. Thanks to my filtered stock market data with special software, my trades are more precise and efficient every week. This is because I understand the procedure of the high-frequency traders better and better and can use them to my advantage. Interestingly, even the most successful high-frequency traders work with a special and very complex pattern recognition, the win rate of 99% speaks a clear language. We cannot adopt their approach for our trading, but from the patterns we can derive information that gives us an advantage over most trading participants.

In recent years I have developed a special type of trading in scalping that has significantly reduced my risk. This approach would indeed be interesting to analyze in more detail. The software I work with has been developed by Russian programmers, since Trump's election affair it is clear that the Russians are not only hackers, but also excellent programmers in the stock market. They also offer interesting data from the Russian stock exchange, such as the open interest, which one can be used to his advantage.

Most users who also work with this software have no idea what is possible with it. The advantage lies in the infinite possibilities of the different filter settings. These filter settings are the main reason why you win or lose. This enables me to dig deeper into the DoM and the time and sales list and to recognize the plans of the big players faster than everyone else. Interestingly, a graphic display in the DoM creates clear patterns that can be assigned to specific actions. It's like getting a clear signal to get in or out. I showed that in my last videos. Likewise, my filtered tones are a huge help to get the fastest market information. This project is just beginning and the graphic signals that arise in the DoM look like a matrix for a beginner, but I can already identify recurring patterns that I can use to advantage.

With any dom / time and sales list you can look deeper into a candle. While this information helps, it creates too many uncertainty factors. With different filter settings you can go deeper into the DoM and the time and sales list. The results so far are promising, but it's only the tip of a giant iceberg. And it is precisely this challenge that captivates me every day for 12-13 hours. I am convinced that with the right filter settings in the DoM / Time and Sales List you can display special patterns that are very likely to show the optimal entries and exits. My theory may be stupid, but what if my theory is true? Maybe I will fail in the short term, but that's no reason not to try again. If I already succeed in generating successful trades from patterns, it is only a matter of time before the optimal filter setting is found. It's like looking for a needle in a haystack, but I'm already using a magnet. I don't know if that's enough in the end, but the search for the solution is in principle a big win, because I learn a lot about the market in this way. And that is exactly what brings me forward, regardless of whether the primary goal is achieved or not.

Up and down movements always occur in similar sequences, as do the resulting patterns. We will take a closer look at this in the next few weeks.

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1514 ---
My mind just blew up so amazing

--- 帖子 #1515 ---
My God.

I found a good post, and decided to come back later and look, but I saw now that everything is huge, here there must be more written than the alexandria library.

I don't think what I wanted anymore.

--- 帖子 #1516 ---
Why trade with the eyes when the ears are 20 times faster.

Hello dear subscribers,

In the last 14 days, I initially took a few days off to prepare my next concepts in peace. We traders are like artists who sometimes need a creative break. You can recharge your batteries by the sea or in the mountains and come up with interesting ideas that you can then implement.

In the past few weeks, my filter settings for stock market data have increased so much that my workstation was regularly overloaded, the temperatures of the CPU rose to 75-80 ° C in some cases. The data stalled in very volatile phases, making it difficult to make a trading decision. Most exchange traders may have opened 5-10 different charts and use 1 to 5 different indicators with filter settings within these charts. That are a total of 50 different filter settings. I use up to 25 different charts, using 300 different filter settings in three different DoM views alone. Overall, I work with over 1000 filter settings. So it is clear that the performance suffers. My average CPU mark was 15,000, which was above average. But the CPU alone is not enough, it is crucial to optimally match the individual components such as CPU, mainboard, cooler, hard drives and graphics cards. I started with this, this two weeks ago.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

With many comparisons on the Internet and in trade magazines, I put together my first individual trading PC. This time I switched to an AMD processor because the Intel processors are getting very hot. In addition, I use a maintenance-free CPU water cooling and 6 internal fans. The graphics card is enough because I don't use video games. The hard drives are extreme with up to 5000 MB / s write speed and an access time of 0.02 seconds. The color of the fans immediately shows me the CPU temperature range. From the perspective of a computer professional, this compilation could certainly have been optimized, but I would also like to be familiar with this area to be independent. In the beginning you always make mistakes. The first benchmark test was very promising. Point A shows the results of my new workstation, Point B shows the results of my old workstation. At cpubenchmark you can test your workstation yourself for free.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Of 750 high-end processors, I currently have the 16. fastest CPU with the best price-performance ratio. The CPU benchmark is now over 33,000, previously it was 14,000. The benchmark in the graphics card area has also improved from 10,000 to 18,000. It is extrem in the area of the hard disk. Although I had previously worked with a Samsung SSD, the value has now improved from 4000 to over 31,000. It's not about being in first place in all areas, but about achieving the best price-performance ratio. I could have bought an equivalent CPU, but it would have cost twelve times more. The RAM only plays a subordinate role with these components. If you enter Google: PassMark Cpu, you will find your personal benchmark values. By the way, this helps you to determine the best price-performance ratio if you want to buy a new computer component soon.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

My next project will be a 75 inch 4K screen. This will then replace the 55 inch 4K and my 3 smaller screens. Five screens are a little clearer than eight screens.

Last week I started comparing my old workstation with the new workstation. I used the same filter settings in the area of my stock exchange software and was absolutely delighted with the huge difference. The speed of the new hard drives, due to the access time, can no longer be compared and I noticed temperature differences of up to 20 °. Even in extreme, volatile phases, there was no weakness with my new workstation. This motivates me to the extent that I now have great potential to drive further complex filter settings. I immediately started doing this last week and I want to show you the first result today.

On May 23, 2020, I posted a crucial contribution that, in my view, was not noticed enough. Those of you who haven't read this post can do so here. The decisive part begins according from slide no.2.

Fast and furious

The identification of bid and ask via tones beat our sense of sight by a long way. With this I question a trading decision based on our eyes. Let's take a closer look at that.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Last Friday, 264 lots with 108 ticks (trading transactions) entered the market in the Euro FX within 1 second (from 08:58:48 - 08:58:49 CET). In the chart you can see the individual trading transactions and, below, a breakdown of how much bid and ask were contained in this trading transaction. Please note that this representation is 1 second.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Let's look at an evaluation. If 108 trades enter the market within 1 second, it means that you have 9.2 milliseconds to identify a trade. With our eyes, however, we need at least 40 ms to record information. This means that out of the 108 trades, we can effectively only identify 25 trades. With special tones coming from a loudspeaker, we would be able to identify 250 different pieces of information. With headphones and special sound programming, this value could double once again.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Point A
Here we see my time and sales list, which only shows the market sell orders that are known to run in the limit buy orders. The blue fields show when an equilibrium arises in the area of the sizes.

Point B
With a special filtering of bid, best bid and best ask, this information is passed on to a specially programmed tone.

Point C
This special programmed tone has the property of being completed within 1 ms. However, human hearing is only able to perceive different tones from 2 ms. In order to have some air and to ensure optimal perception, I will program the sound in the 1ms range. I chose a frequency range of 20-100 Hz, which corresponds to a lower tone, similar to a bass. I assigned this sound to the left speaker channel.

Point D
From there, this sound must be sent to a high-quality, external or internal sound card, since the sound card on the mainboard is usually not able to transmit these 1 ms tones to the speakers properly.

Point E
Here we see a time and sales list that only shows the market buy orders that are known to run in the limit sell orders. The blue fields show when an equilibrium arises in the area of the sizes.

Point F
With a special filtering of Ask, Best Ask and Best Bid, this information is passed on to a specially programmed tone.

Point G
This special programmed tone has the property of being completed within 1 ms. I chose a frequency range of 1000-2000Hz. that of a higher note is similar to the treble. I assigned this sound to the right speaker channel.

Point H
From there, this sound must be sent to a high-quality, external or internal sound card, since the sound card on the mainboard is usually not able to transmit these 1 ms tones to the speakers properly.

As we know, the human brain is divided into an analytical, logical left brain and an emotional, creative right brain. Basically there are asymmetries in this area, not both hemispheres of the brain are responsible for everything equally. We should take a closer look at these factors later, but first I did the sound distribution as follows.We hear the different ask tones (course wants to go up) with our right ear and the different bid tones (course wants to go down) with our left ear. Now let's take a look at how this works in practice.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

So that we first know where we are, you can see where the video starts with the blue arrow. The chart is in EURUSD from the last trading day on Friday.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here you can see my filtered stock market data, which I do not want to go into in detail now. For better orientation I have shown you an M1 from the Forex Chart (Point A). If you now watch the video you will notice that my special filtered bid tones come in on the left speaker side and my specially filtered ask tones come in on the right speaker side. You can literally notice how the price is pushed up and some institutional traders try to push the price down again. Ultimately, buyers win because the price then went up 44 pip.

Inserted Video

The tones that I have programmed here are only a rough draft and will be of course yet significantly optimized. Likewise, they are clearly too slow with about 3ms, but they are enough to understand the principle. To make a comparison, three known Windows tones have the following tone times: Windows note tone: 1350ms, Windows Ping: 1100ms and Chord: 650ms. The sounds you heard in the video were 200 times faster than the fastest Windows sound. These are worlds in trading. Maybe you noticed something in the video. There are significantly more tones coming in than there are bid and ask orders. This is because the penetration of the sizes (Best Bid and Best Ask) are included. I also included the strength of the limit sell and limit buy orders. This results in clear pattern sequences that appear again and again at regular intervals. And it is precisely these aspects that you can never grasp with your eyes.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The stock exchange software I work with is optimal for my special needs. There is no comparable software worldwide that has such filter settings. The complex stock market data require high computer performance, which is why this software has been completely re-programmed with a new architecture. Part of the required performance is outsourced to the GPU so that the CPU is used less. The speed increase is enormous and helps me with these complex filter settings. In principle, my filter settings are comparable to programming an indicator. In theory, anyone who works with the same software could use it. But without concrete background knowledge it doesn't make sense.

Over the past few months, I have noticed that there are clear patterns in my programmed DoM views that can be seen in the video that keep reappearing in certain situations. This is because the big players work with algorithms that always work the same way. The advantage of the algorithms is that they can submit trading orders significantly faster than a human being would be able to do. The disadvantage is that there are always the same patterns that can be read and recognized with the appropriate software. The same also applies to the tones. Everyone knows the situation when a course goes down and you wonder when the course will go up again. Interestingly, I am already able to tell when it is time from the tones and pattern sequences in the DoM. Of course, that doesn't always work, since I've only just started to analyze the different patterns.

Traders have been looking for specific patterns for many years and have so far been unsuccessful. This is because there are no patterns in the price trend, volume, bid and ask in the footprint charts or in the indicators. Anyone who knows a little about programming algorithms knows that they always react the same way in certain situations. This is exactly the guarantee that there are certain pattern sequences right there that you only have to clearly and infect. The trick is to use a certain filter setting to highlight the crucial things. Decoding the code will take a while, but I'm already on the trail of the big players. The only chance for clear pattern recognition lies solely in the algorithms, everyone should be aware of what this could mean in the long term. Next week I will look at the tones in more detail. The timbre is crucial for quick identification. The speed should be less than 1ms and control the correct channel. My first goal is to program two different tones on the right and left speaker channels. It is theoretically possible to measure the strength of the market orders and the limit orders. Let's see how far I get. As always, it remains exciting.

I wish you a nice weekend and a successful start next week.

Best regards Michael

--- 帖子 #1517 ---
It is really nice to see that you are using new and advanced way to improve your trading every day. in a helping gesture i would like to share few things about sound so that you can dodge some troubles.

Temperature and humidity changes the speed and Timber of sound so i would highly suggest to wear headphones

Humans are much more responsive to Frequencies between 1K to 4K

If we are ill/cold/cough or even drunk or on your medication then those things effect our hearing ability

liquid cooling is a big NO for me due to spills while i am within a trade

using another pc just to fire trades and using another pc for analysis with heavy load had always proven a good choice to me

--- 帖子 #1518 ---
Every trader needs an emergency plan

Hello nadiyakinare,

First of all, thank you for your great ideas and help at the same time.

In fact, temperatures change sound structures, which is why I work in direct trading with headphones, but connected with a cable, since the milliseconds tones are not transmitted optimal via Bluetooth. The main reason, however, is that headphones should be used to identify patterns in the Bid and Ask structures faster and more cleanly. I don't always wear the headphones, first the tones come from my speakers and tell me what's going on in the market. So I can also deal with other things while listening to what is happening in the market. As soon as I perceive an interesting sequence of tones that offers a deal, I take my headphones.

I have found that there are hardly any tones in the world that are in the millisecond range. There may be too few areas of application for this. That's why I decided to develop and manufacture the tones myself. This is a small challenge, but it is worth it in the end. You are absolutely right with the tone frequencies (1K-4K), but I need four clearly distinguishable tones that can be saved in a millisecond. The bass tones 20-100 Hz are much more memory intensive anyway and it is difficult to save them to less than 2ms. An alternative would be to use medium tone structures for the bid and higher tone structures for the ask. With this one could reach the 1ms range again. Another challenge is to assign the tones to a specific channel. My slogan is: it doesn't work, doesn't exist for me. If my tones don't exist, I'll build them myself.

My personal: what if plan!

I already use my smaller workstation for the MT4 structures and for trade protection. I have already considered the risk of defective water cooling in my workstation, but the processor could overheat and switch off due to poorer air cooling. I have analyzed both situations. I use my high-performance workstation primarily for stock exchange data, but also for trading Forex. If I were to trade via the MT4 on my second workstation, I would have to work with 2 mice and 2 keyboards at the same time. For reasons of efficiency, I decided to control the stock exchange and forex market with a mouse, since I am a seconds scalper.

I have secured myself as follows. I use my second workstation for my Metatrader charts. These run alongside, so I don't have to use the mouse or keyboard. In the background there is always a trading screen that I can access at any time when my first trading screen fails. If the power fails, I still have my cell phone, where I can close the trade at any time. I needed this protection because my virtual stop is no longer active in the event of a system failure. This could have fatal consequences, with the maximum threat to my account balance. However, this credit can always be kept very small by opening a second account, where you can move your money fast. I can save myself an uninterruptible power supply due to my cell phone. If you work with an uninterruptible power supply, you should include the router, otherwise it makes no sense. In 10 years the electricity has only failed 3 times and I was not in the trade. If the internet goes down, one should have the broker's phone number to close the trade over the phone.

Your comment is absolutely right and every trader should always have a what if have a plan. Before astronauts fly to the moon, they must be prepared for all emergencies. What if the food, water or air runs out? If one first start to think in an emergency situation, it is often too late. This is a very important point that everyone has to solve for themselves. One cannot plan all eventualities in advance, unfortunately there is always a residual risk, such as in the franc shock (EURCHF January 15, 2015).

As I wrote in my last article, the tones from the time and sales list and the structures in my specially filtered DoM are an important building block to identify clear patterns in the algorithms. These algorithms always work on the same principle, so that derivations can be made from them. I am excited to see what knowledge we will get from this in the coming months.

I wish you a successful trading week

Best regards Michael

--- 帖子 #1519 ---
Success with algorithms

Hello FXsniper111,

Thank you for your kind words, I am happy if the information help you. In recent years, like most traders, I have looked for recurring patterns in the indicators, in the price, in the resistance zones and in the candlestick patterns and could not find any clear patterns. After used the stock market data, I examined the big player algorithms and found that this could be the key to identifying patterns. The big players are looking for volume that can be reached quickly and efficiently via the stops of the retail traders. For many decades, retail traders have always reacted to certain actions by big players in the same way. That is why the big players have only had to make a few changes to their algorithms in recent years. (Never change a running / winning system). Generally speaking, an algorithm provides an approach to solving a problem. This solution plan is used to convert input data into output data in individual steps. In principle, algorithms are to combine a sequence of commands, market orders and limit orders (also iceberg orders) in such a way that as much volume as possible can be generated from them. These patterns can only be recognized with very complex filter settings in the DoM, the time and sales list and through a certain tone sequence. Here I have described some examples.

Why trade with the eyes, when the ears are 20 times faster

The pattern structure determined by algorithms is always the same, because a clear sequence must always be specified in the programming. Since the programming of algorithms is not easy, it is not changed permanently. These pattern sequences can be made visible with a certain procedure. After that, all you need is time and patience to identify these patterns and you get a clear trading advantage. For this you need an average PC, stock market data, the corresponding software and the appropriate filter settings. The resulting costs of about $ 60 a month can be quickly brought in by the better data. The main factor is the time you have to be willing to invest.

I wish you a successful trade

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1520 ---
Act professionally, even as a beginner

Hello Sorobanista,

Welcome to our blog and thank you for the refreshing words. I have been dealing intensively with the stock exchange for many years and in recent years have developed a procedure that also enables beginners in the Forex market to become successful with stock exchange data. The future market is 3 times more likely to win than the forex market, but a beginner often doesn't have $ 30,000 to trade effectively in the future market. Therefore my approach is: Trade in the Forex market, but based on the stock market data from the future market. This gives a beginner the highest level of security in the stock market, requires relatively little capital, has a three times higher probability of winning and everybody can trade like a professional. You can find a lot of information in my blog, but the biggest challenge is time. Even if you know all the information in this blog, it will take you many years to act professionally. In the past 2 years over skype I have supported 3 best friends who are also traders. They have also become very professional traders. However, that was because, after my support, they invested a lot of time in their further development. I have received many requests for private training over the past few months, which I consider a great honor. Of course, intensive training can save you up to 1/3 of the time (2 years), but it would be wrong to believe that you will then be directly successful. I sit in front of my screens for 10 hours every day and I need that time to make a living. Of course, at the age of 56, people I think about whether I can support more traders individually in the long term. But that would mean that I have less time to trade and I love trading. With this blog I started to pass on some experience, but in theory it always looks different than in practice. In addition, I don't like the approach of many trainers. Successes and profits are promised that are impossible and unrealistic, just so that the coach can buy a Porsche that he would never have been able to afford with his trading style. The trade of trainers in the trading sector has unfortunately been discredited by the black sheep, which makes it difficult for honest trainers. I experienced this myself because I used to work as a trainer in finance for 15 years and saw many things there that scared me. It's just about  of money, that's a shame. Nevertheless, as a trainer it was a good feeling when you helped other people and saw how they became more successful. The fact is that one didn't get much further with the known trading strategies. In any case, the stock market data is a crucial point to advance faster.

I wish you the best of luck and keep my fingers crossed for you

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1521 ---
Looking for patterns in the chart

Hello dear subscribers,

Every beginner and advanced Forex trader has spent a lot of time analyzing indicators, systems, setups or certain strategies. It is often a matter of identifying certain pattern structures in order to derive a specific trading decision. We know the best-known pattern identifications from the candle formations. Doji, Hammer, Morning Star and Hanging Man are just a few examples. Likewise, many traders follow certain pattern structures that take place within different indicators or in the course of prices. Today we want to take a look at the different patterns and find out how it makes sense to spend our time on them.

First of all, it is important to find out what kind of data we are getting in the forex market. The most important information is the price of the current course. With the help of time, a candle in the form of OHLC is formed from the price information. In MT4 there are nine different time units that the majority of traders use. We now have two pieces of information, price and time, from which a candle is formed. Since the time is fixed (M1, M5, M15 .....), the price information mapped from it will always create a random candle that looks different at each broker. If the candlestick formation from the price is a random representation, it should be clear that no clear pattern recognition can be derived from it.

Now we come to the indicators. Most of the indicators relate to the price within a fixed unit of time. In this respect, the same applies to the indicators as to the candle. This is just a random representation. It is impossible to derive a clear pattern recognition from a coincidence. Of course there are traders who do not work with time-dependent charts, such as Renko, or tick charts. However, these representations do not bring any decisive advantage either. The background is as follows: The price that we receive in the forex market is only a result. The actual cause lies in the market sell orders which run in the limit buy orders and the market buy orders which run in the limit sell orders. And it is precisely this information that we do not receive in the forex market. There is also the possibility to make a volume visible in MT4, but this has nothing to do with the actual total volume of the market.

In addition, the volume information in Forex does not help us because the volume is only an addition of bid and ask. Bid and ask have nothing to do with each other and never meet in the market, so you should always consider these factors separately. So if candles or indicators in this market are created only by chance, by the given time, a concrete pattern identification is automatically impossible. Of course, we often see that a price is repeatedly rejected at a certain price level and we believe that this is a strong resistance. The big players have so much money at their disposal that it would be easy for them to drive the course through this supposed resistance. In fact, it's always about misleading and stopping retail traders in order to get the crucial volume. This volume is recorded in the form of iceberg orders, so the big players can collect a certain number of asks or bids unnoticed without the majority of market participants noticing. And that is exactly the point. If most retail traders do not know what the big players are collecting, they will not be able to see where the price will head in the medium term. But even if a trader finds out what a big player is collecting, it won't do him much good either. He doesn't know when the big player has finished his collection campaign and he also doesn't know whether the big player will start a stophunting.

As we know, the big players use algorithms to control their market orders and limit orders. I have written a very detailed report that you can find here:

The interplay of algo

The sequence of upward and downward movements is always structured similarly. I would like to consciously speak of upward and downward movements here, because from my point of view there are no trends. The big players always align their strategies to the actions of retail and institutional traders. In EURUSD, for example, this means: 2-3 big players have to align their strategies with 1 million retail traders every day. Unfortunately, you can never tell in advance how the majority of retail traders will react to certain actions. Let's look at a typical situation. There has been a prolonged downward movement and suddenly the price is pushed up. This can mean that the big player exited the dollar in the course of the downward movement, but at this point in time he does not yet have an ask that would justify a stronger upward movement. First the price is pushed up a little and a sideways market (equilibrium) arises. In this sideways market, the big player is now beginning to collect a larger number of asks. After that, the price will continue to be pushed up. As soon as an increasing number of buyers enter the market, the big player uses this situation to get out of the euro. Even if he has already exited the euro, he will continue to drive the price up to attract more buyers. With the help of these buyers, the big player is now able to buy the dollar unnoticed with its sell limit orders and then drive the price sharply down.

In order to ensure a smooth process here, the big player uses specially programmed algorithms that are precisely tailored to his market orders and limit orders. First of all, it is clear that the big player has to collect a certain number of asks at a narrow price level. As soon as he has completed this collection, he will start pushing the price up. In order to push a price up, the big player usually has to invest a large number of asks (in the form of market orders). In order to avoid this situation, he previously occupied 5-10 sell limit levels in the DoM. Shortly before it pushes the price up, the algorithms withdraw the limit sell orders that were previously placed in the market. At the same time, the algorithms begin to shoot market buy into the market. With this little trick, the big player succeeds in pushing the price up massively with just a few lots. To push the price up by ten ticks in Euro FX at the moment, you normally need 600 lots. With this little trick, the big player only needs around 100 lots. The reason for this is as follows: First, the big player collected 500 Lot Ask at a price level to make a profit. If he now pushes the price up and had to spend 60 lots for a tick, the game would no longer pay off. In addition, we must not forget that he will have to get out of the euro again at some point. The less lots he has collected on the way up, the faster he is out of his position.

Now we come to a very interesting point. The big player algorithms were individually tailored to the behavior of the retail traders. These behaviors are always the same, so the big players are also able to use these algorithms on a regular basis. They are very complex to program because they require a specific coordination for the market orders, limit orders and also iceberg orders. It should be logical that recurring patterns are can be identified within these algorithms. The first problem is that there are different algorithms for different approaches. The big advantage here is that the algorithms are adapted, but not completely changed. This means that the resulting patterns do not change much. So if you want to identify patterns, you only have one chance to make the patterns of the algorithms visible. These patterns only appear in the DoM and in the time and sales list, since both representations are independent of time and volume. In addition, you need special software for this, which allows one to use unlimited filter settings. But even with the appropriate software, you are still a long way from achieving your goal, as you first have to find the optimal filter settings.

I use different charts to help me find patterns. The tones are also a crucial aspect that I have already written about in detail.

Striking the right note

Why trade with the eyes when the ears are 20 times faster

Here you can see my current chart with which I am currently doing my pattern search in the field of algorithms.

Inserted Video

These sample chart analyzes are updated and optimized daily. Tones that I have programmed in the millisecond range and assigned to the right and left channels also help me. On the left channel there are tones for the market sell orders and limit buy orders, on the right channel there are tones for the market buy orders and limit sell orders. This enables me to immediately detect when a rising course encounters an obstacle.

Another discovery I made is in the area of sizes.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

On the last trading day (Friday between 14:54:40 - 14:54:50 CET) we see the crucial 10 second candle (Point A) in the 10 second chart. After that, the price went down 90 pips. At Point B we see the Times and Sales list, the yellow frame shows all market orders that came in during these 10 seconds.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The price was in an upward movement, which means that the market buy orders ran into the limit sell orders (Point 1). At point 2 we can see that almost 100 Lot Ask entered the market within 1 second. These were stops by short traders. Now we want to use the sizes (best ask / best bid) to find out whether there was a strong resistance in the area of limit sell orders.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

At point B we see the Times and Sales list again within these 10 seconds. At point C we can see that the sizes in the Best Ask area were larger than average. This means that a big player stepped on the brakes and absorbed the entire ask with his sell limit orders. That stopped the course, then it went 90 pip down. At the same time I had an interesting pattern recognition in my chart and the tones also gave me a corresponding hint.

Conclusion:

You cannot find clear patterns in candles, indicators, prices, resistance or support zones in the forex market. The only way to identify patterns is through the big players' algorithms. These algorithms can best be read in the DoM and the Times and Sales list with stock market data. For this you should work with appropriate software and efficient filter settings. I also recommend using tones, as this can shorten the identification time by up to twenty times. Those who rely more on their ears than their eyes can significantly increase their probability of winning.

For almost a year now, I've been working on the identification of algorithms and have analyzed recurring patterns during this time. It is interesting that in certain situations the same patterns keep coming up. Not only can you generate profitable trades from this, but you can also quickly see what situation the market is in at the moment. And that is exactly an interesting goal. I would roughly estimate that there are around 20 different patterns representations that are used in different situations. As soon as I am able to assign these patterns to a certain situation, I can react accordingly at the moment when this pattern arises. With a little experience, one would theoretically be able to recognize what is happening in the market at any time. This allows you to plan your trades even better. However, this will still take a little time to assign the different patterns to a clear situation. But the foundation has already been laid and that is an interesting prospect for the future.

I wish you a nice weekend and a great start on Monday

Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #1522 ---
The hardest way, the algorithms

Hello dear subscribers,

In February 2018, I described the different algorithms of the big players in my blog. I initially looked for a way to read these algorithms in the Forex market, but this was not possible based on the incomplete data. As we already know, only price and time data are given in the forex market. The volume data we get in the forex market is useless. A normal volume is made up of the addition of bid and ask. Since no bid and ask are available in the forex market, the volume is generated from the ticks. A tick is a trade, but a trade can consist of a different number of ask and bid. In addition, a broker is only able to make its own traded volume available to its customers. However, this volume has nothing to do with the actual volume. Even if we had the specific volume available in the forex market, it would be of little use to us. A high volume shows interest at certain price levels, that's all. I find it particularly interesting that the bid and ask are added together, although the market buy orders and the market sell orders have absolutely nothing to do with each other, as they never meet. When a market buy order is placed by a retail trader, it only enters the market as soon as it is simultaneously accepted by a limit sell order from a big player. Of course, a retail trader can also place a limit order, just as big players use market orders. Now let's look at the individual orders.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The market buy order of a retail trader can represent a purchase of the euro in EURUSD, but also an exit from the dollar. The big player who accepts the market buy order with his limit sell order could thus enter the dollar or exit the euro. As soon as a market buy order is placed, there are four different possibilities.

It is interesting that only the market orders are displayed in the stock market. In my opinion, the representation is not entirely correct. For example, if a retail trader buys the euro with his market buy order and the big player buys the dollar with his limit sell order at the same time, there are actually two open orders in the market. This would mean 1 lot in euros and 1 lot in dollars are invested. In fact, the volume shows us only one lot in the ask but no lot in the bid. But at some point these two orders will be canceled and it could happen that the retail trader exits his euro and the big player exits the dollar at the same time. In this case a lot bid is displayed even though both market participants are no longer in the market. That is exactly the problem, we only receive information about the market orders in the stock market, the limit orders remain in the background. Of course, it is clear to us that a market order must also activate a limit order at the same time, otherwise it would not enter the market. But what the individual participants are buying or selling with their respective orders remains unclear. With the Open Interest you can get more information here, which is only available in the Russian market.

Of course there must always be a buyer and a seller for an order, but if the market is just opening and a market buy order is accepted by a limit sell order, it means that there are now two different orders in the market. One market participant bought the euro, the other the dollar. From my point of view, that would normally be two lots, 1 lot ask and 1 lot bid. But we only see 1 lot of ask in the market. If both market participants exit their positions, 0 lot should actually be displayed, but in fact 1 lot bid is now displayed. Now the calculation is correct again, albeit a little offset. From a mathematical point of view, the variant carried out by the stock exchange is correct; the small change would give the trader a deeper market insight. However, I strongly doubt whether this is what the big players want. You can act hidden in the background with your limit orders (especially iceberg orders) without the majority of retail traders noticing what is happening in the market.

Personally, I wouldn't be in favor of getting better transparency on the market, because better transparency also increases the probability of retail traders winning. This automatically makes it harder for profitable traders. The background is that you can take relatively little profit from the big players because they hardly make any mistakes. Retail traders make the biggest mistakes, and increasing their odds makes it harder for already profitable traders. Of course, our biggest competitors are the big players, but the profitable traders usually only take the hard-saved money from their own colleagues (retail traders).

Now let's get back to the algorithms. The algorithms are nothing more than control sequences with which the big players coordinate their market orders and limit orders (iceberg orders). The goal is to generate as high a volume as possible from this (through the stops of the retail trader) in order to then take it up with your own limit orders. In my blog I have already described a few examples of the coordinated algorithms. I have been working specifically with these algorithms for over a year, although I have been able to identify a lot of specific patterns in them in the last few months. In theory, from my point of view, it is possible to track down the algorithms with the heatmap, the DoM and the Times and Sales list. In addition to optical identification modules, I primarily use acoustic alarm signals that are individually filtered. Depending on the filter setting, it is possible that in certain volatile phases up to 500 different tones come in per second.

First, a tone is requested by the filter setting in my software to pass this signal on to the sound card on my mainboard. With my older workstations, I quickly reached a limit here because the sound card was not able to process this mass of tones accordingly.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

For this I first put together a high-performance computer. Of course, the sound card on the new mainboard was much better, but the tones weren't displayed correctly here either. I bought an external graphics card to try out whether a different graphics card reproduces the tones better. The result was impressive, but when I started other memory-intensive programs, sound overlaps. An important point to properly process the tones is the sampling rate.

The term sampling rate (sampling frequency) is a technical term from signal processing, which, in addition to bit depth and dynamic range, is very often found in modern music production. The sampling rate says how often an analog signal that is sent to our audio interface via a microphone or an instrument is sampled during the analog-digital conversion. The unit is Hertz (Hz). It indicates how many points in the signal (samples) our computer has to remember in order to be able to reproduce it later without audible loss. Typical sampling rates are e.g. 44.1, 48, 88.2, 96 kHz up to 384 kHz. However, as the sample rate increases, so do the demands on our computer.

The Nyquist-Shannon sampling theorem or WKS sampling theorem (for Whittaker, Kotelnikow and Shannon) precisely defines how high the sampling rate has to be for a signal to be able to reproduce it later without loss. This means that a band-limited signal with a maximum frequency “fmax” can be exactly reconstructed if the sampling frequency “fsampling” is more than twice that of “fmax”. This means that if you want to record a signal with a maximum frequency of 20,000 Hz, the sampling rate must be at least 40,001 Hz. Curiously, my internal sound card had a higher sampling rate, but it tried to shift it to my processors. So there were problems. In the end I buyed an internal sound card that works with a sampling rate of 384 kilos of hearts at 32 bits. I'm curious to see whether this will improve the acoustic signals.

Thanks to my significantly faster computer, I was also able to increase the requirements for my filter settings. In my last articles I already talked about the importance of the values of Best Bid and Best Ask. The sizes in the Times and Sales list show me the specific situation in the area of limit orders. This enables me to identify a current penetration rate and also interesting patterns.

In order to display these sizes optimally, I had to create 53 different times and sales lists and filter them differently. I recorded a video for that.

Inserted Video

First of all, we determine that the values given in the Times and Sales lists have been correctly implemented. However, the process was not smooth and in highly volatile phases, the system jerked. This is understandable because the software is not programmed for 53 different times and sales lists. It is also conceivable that the internet line is not able to optimally supply the 53 different smart tapes at the same time. Fortunately, I will now receive my fast fiber optic cable in a week, the work had been massively delayed due to the corona crisis. With my first display of the sizes, you are able to grasp the size immediately, which is a clear advantage. However, this makes clear pattern recognition more difficult. For this purpose I have filtered another representation that I would like to introduce here.

Inserted Video

When looking at it, the display looks like the matrix at first, but I am able to identify a much faster pattern recognition. The more patterns there are on the outside, the higher the resistance in the area of Best Ask or Best Bid. The more patterns there are on the inside, the higher the penetration. However, we are still at the very beginning with this pattern identification, but the experiences made so far seem to be very interesting. I will of course keep you up to date.

The closer I get to these algorithms, the faster I get ahead with pattern identification. The best filter settings from the last week can be found in my chart. Let's compare my chart from last week with this week.

Inserted Video

Here is my chart from last week

Inserted Video

Here is my chart from this week. You can already see clear differences, the optimized chart displays enable me to identify the patterns even faster.

As I wrote in my last articles, a pattern identification with price and time data is not possible, this applies to both the Forex and the Future market. In my opinion, even bid and ask are only partially suitable for generating a clear pattern. Best bid, best ask and the spoofing information have the greatest potential for pattern identification. We will deal with this in more detail in the next few months and of course report on it.

With my new sound card and the new fiber optic connection, I should be ready to deal more with these algorithms in two weeks at the latest. The fact is that so far I have been able to identify clear and recurring patterns that occur regularly in similar situations. I wrote that I have been able to identify around 20 different patterns so far. Possibly a few more will be added in order to achieve an interesting goal from my point of view.

First and foremost, I am not interested in entering into a trade immediately based on a pattern identification. Rather, it is about using these patterns to find out what market situation one is currently in. The sequence of upward and downward movements is in principle always the same. There is a low point and then an accumulation phase, then there is a movement, then usually a re-accumulation phase, where further ask is collected. This is followed by the movement and an exit from the euro. Finally the rate is pushed up again and in this phase the dollar is collected, after which it comes to exhaustion and a high point. Now the price is pushed down and there is a distribution phase, after which there is another movement. The algorithms have to react differently in different phases. With the appropriate time, I am convinced that we can assign the reacting algorithms to specific phases. With this assignment, the current market phase can then be determined. First of all, you know exactly whether you are in an accumulation or distribution phase. But even within these phases there are different approaches that the big players use. It is now important to find out when the collection phases are over and which patterns can be used to identify the stophunting.

In principle, I would like to use this pattern recognition to set up so-called “traffic signs” in the chart, which show me exactly what is happening. From this, better trades can be planned and executed with a significantly higher probability. With my previous algorithm identification, I was only able to look into the future for a few seconds. With the “traffic signs” in the chart, one could plan a little longer.

I wish you a successful trading week

It is not difficult to make algorithms visible or audible. But it's incredibly difficult to filter out the unnecessary information.

Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #1523 ---
I cann't really figure out your need of tone generation and sound card upgrade

--- 帖子 #1524 ---
Problems with a clean sound generation

Hello math,

Then there are three of us, because at first I couldn't explain it to myself either. A friend of mine who works with a setup similar to mine had the same problems. Up to now there have probably not been any traders who acted with a tone sequence of up to 500 tones per second.

In the first-person shooter games such as Call of Duty, Counter-Strike, Portal 2 or Battlefield, machine guns are used that reach 1000-1500 shots per minute. That's 16-25 shots per second that the loudspeaker has to fire one after the other. This is not a problem for a good mainboard. With our filter setting, up to 30,000 different tone sequences are produced per minute in extremely volatile phases, that is 20 times as many per second and could be an explanation for the fact that the sound card is overloaded.

With the software I use, there is the option of opening a window for each tone sequence in order to visually display the alarm. The Windows window needs at least 0.1 seconds to react. If I use this display and switch off the Internet while the system is running, it often takes a few minutes and these windows continue to appear.

In principle, the enormous number of signals is sent into a tube and there is a blockage because the tones cannot be transmitted to the speakers quickly enough. This can be due to the mainboard, the length of the tones or the speakers. So far, no one has had a problem with it, because there was no one who worked with such an extreme number of tones. There is not a single literature on it worldwide, maybe we are really the only ones who deal with it. We will deal with special sound engineers who are familiar with it, maybe they have an explanation for it.

I would normally not pursue this matter, but the benefit is enormous. The tones can be used to record the best Bid and best Ask information up to 20 times faster than with visual signals. Every second counts as a scalper.

I wish you a beautiful Sunday

Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #1525 ---
The sound makes the music

Hello dear subscribers,

In the last few weeks I had relatively little time because I had to deal intensively with my projects. I would like to briefly share the first results with you today.

In May I wrote an interesting article about the different perceptions of the eyes and ears.

Fast and furious

It turned out that the ears can absorb information up to 20 times faster than our eyes. From this I developed a strategy to use the tones to expand this information advantage.

Why trade with the eyes when the ears are 20 times faster.

As a result, I replaced all of my hardware in order to be able to identify these tones in real time.

The hardest way, the algorithms

Most recently, I ordered a high-quality graphics card and found that this graphics card did not meet my requirements. It had to do with the latency, which we will take a closer look at below.

The transmission of the data via the bus takes a certain time, there is a delay between the moment when the sound card provides a sample value and when this value arrives in the program (mediated by the driver) or vice versa. This delay is known as latency.

The matter is made more complicated by the fact that it has to be strictly regulated who is allowed to send what via the bus and when so that nothing gets lost or mixed up. That swallows some computing power. In addition, a safety reserve must be built in for the serial transmission of FireWire and USB, which can intercept the interruption of the data stream within certain limits. For this purpose, so-called sample buffers are interposed, which always hold a certain amount of the data stream in stock in order to prevent a gap. These buffers increase the latency (common values are in the range of 64 to 512 samples). Advantage of PCI: Thanks to parallel transmission and high data transfer rate, the buffer can usually can be set smaller than with USB or Firewire interfaces, which reduces latency.

But not only the data transmission is subject to latency, the ADC and DAC components also need a certain amount of time for the conversion, which is around 1ms to 1.5ms - really not much, but it adds up. The last thing in the problematic league of latencies is the audio software or the computer's processor: It must be able to calculate so quickly that the next value for conversion arrives at the sound card for conversion or can be fetched from the card when recording . If there is a gap here, the converters lack the information, or the pending sample of the recording is not saved, which leads to the same result in both cases: it cracks.

Additional latency can arise from plug-ins in the audio program. Not all plug-ins generate noticeable latency. However, a look-ahead compressor must e.g. first measure the level, before he knows whether he has to regulate. Even the fastest sound card driver cannot change such latencies. The fact that these delays occur does not necessarily have to be a disadvantage in every situation. As long as the ear has no comparison to the (direct) signal with no latency, the delay does not matter at all. This is e.g. This is the case with internal mixing when only tracks are played back - whether or not there is a delay of 23ms after pressing Play does not matter. You can even increase the latency in a targeted manner in order to have more computing power available (the processor then has more time until the next sample has to be sent to the sound card).

Latency becomes annoying as soon as there is a relationship between input and output. If you play a virtual synthesizer that is calculated on the computer, you can feel every major delay that occurs between the key press on the keyboard and the sound that is triggered. Even a singer who hears himself in his own headphones with a slight delay will not feel comfortable because the direct signal that he, among other things, Heard over his skull bones with the delayed signal on the headphones superimposed. In this case, however, a remedy can easily be found using direct monitoring. The singer simply receives a signal tapped from analog or directly behind the converter, and thus hears himself almost instantly. This so-called direct monitoring is now part of the standard equipment of audio interfaces.

I was able to determine that a simple USB sound card for € 20 had a significantly lower latency than the high-quality graphics card for € 150. Next, I inserted a graphics card that I controlled via a USB-C input. This was a significant improvement. There are now two concrete alternatives, a high-quality sound card with direct monitoring, which is controlled via the PCI and a sound card via USB-C. Then I have to find out whether the buffer can actually be set smaller via PCI so that the sound is displayed better than via USB-C.

Why is that important?

In high volatile phases my filter settings reach a rate of 500 tones per second. I have already been able to reduce this extreme load by programming my own tones that are in the millisecond range. I control the left loudspeakers for the filtered Bid tones and the right loudspeakers for the filtered Ask tones. The ear can identify different tones from 2ms, so I'm already on the right track. The lower the latency, the cleaner the sounds are reproduced and, in addition, no sounds are swallowed. This is particularly important in order to identify clear patterns in the tones.

My new fiber optic connection will be laid in the next week and a few preparations are necessary for this. I think I'll be ready to go again by the middle of the week. The fact is: The algorithms create recurring patterns in the DoM and the Times and Sales list, while one won't find any patterns in the price or in the candles. As soon as I am further with these patterns, I will inform you about them and give you some concrete examples.

I wish you a nice weekend and a good start to trading on Monday.

Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #1526 ---
Back to the Future

Hello dear subscribers,

If you don't keep up with the times, time will catch up you at some point. In the last 6 weeks I have revised and optimized my entire workplace in order to meet the demands placed on me. That demanded my full attention, which is why I had to reduce my activities at FF a little.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here you can see how my workplace has changed over the past few years. These last few years have been characterized by permanent changes, over time there have been more and more screens and the size has also changed. At the same time, this development placed higher demands on hardware such as processors, graphics cards, RAM and hard drives. I was never really satisfied with it, because satisfaction means standing still and standing still is death in retail. If all of our ancestors had always been satisfied, we would still be sitting in caves in front of an open fire and holding pieces of meat  into the fire. The markets in which we operate are changing at such a rapid rate that it is impossible for many traders to follow this progress.

If I were to trade in the Forex market exclusively in Equilibrium today, these changes would not have been necessary. But I was tired of guessing why a green candle originated in the market. Has the euro just been bought or the dollar sold? The only reason for price movements are the market orders that run into the respective limit orders and precisely this information is not available in the forex market. That finally brought me to the stock market two years ago. But I couldn't do anything with the pure stock exchange data either, so I needed software that would translate the stock exchange data for me in such a way that logical deductions could be made from it. The challenge lay in a special filtering of the different stock exchange data. This filtering within my software required high performance and quickly pushed my two Dell workstations to their limits. There was also another project where I had to process up to 500 tones per second through my computer. During periods of high volatility, the entire system stalled, which resulted in the screens freezing. In the long run that wasn't fun anymore and so I decided to put together a new and high-quality workstation first. You can find the article here:

Why trade with the eyes when the ears are 20 times faster.

At first I was very satisfied with the result, but what still bothered me was the fact that I was working with two different computers that provided a total of eight different screens. Two computers means having to work with two different keyboards and two mice. So my first goal was to be able to control all screens with one mouse and one keyboard. The idea was to reduce the number of screens while increasing the screen area.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

At first glance, the result is very satisfactory, although in retrospect I am a little annoyed that I didn't go straight to 8K. But you still have to have goals in life. The screen resolution of 4096 × 2160 at 60 Hz is pleasant and I now have almost 3 square meters of screen space. My graphics card still has enough reserves because my stock exchange software also accesses the GPU. The reason is that arithmetic operations can be carried out much faster in the GPU than with the CPU. Five screens are much clearer than eight screens and the goal of controlling all screens with one mouse and keyboard has been achieved.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

At the same time, I finally received my fiber optic cable after a year. A 1000 Mbit line would be completely oversized for trading, and also a 500 Mbit line would not have been necessary, but my main concern is the ping values. Over the years I have optimized my ping values more and more, and now I have a ping value of 4-5. Of course, this always depends on how the respective broker's servers can be addressed, but the speed is definitely noticeable.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I've also made some progress in the area of my tones. In the last four weeks I have compared about 30 different sound cards via PCI, USB and USB-C. It is interesting to know that the most expensive sound card I tested (€ 778) achieved significantly worse results than an external USB sound card that costs just € 17. An expensive Bose system transports my sounds to the speakers much more slowly than a cheap PC speaker system that is no longer built today. This shows once again that expensive does not always have to be good.

One thing that I had not considered, of course, was the storage of my 200 different workspaces within my six old screens. Since I am now working with five screens, some graphics are automatically outside the screen area. Bringing out those disappeared graphics is an insane job that I'm not looking forward to at all. But I can take this opportunity to delete unnecessary items and, under certain circumstances, find interesting developments that have not yet been completed.

It looks like autumn and winter will produce very interesting projects and I'm looking forward to digging deeper into the algorithms. After that, it will only be a matter of assigning individual patterns in the algorithms to specific market situations. This can then be used to create individual signposts to find out where you are in the market. As we know, there are no clear patterns in terms of price, time, volume or liquidity. The big players' algorithms are the only patterns that can be reliably identified. My screens are designed solely to identify these patterns of algorithms, so my screens seem very complicated at first glance. But if you take a closer look, you can quickly see that the whole thing is a lot less complicated than it initially looks. It becomes much more interesting when you can identify these patterns and derive clear trade advantages from them.

We will be surprised what awaits us in the future.

I wish you a successful trading week

Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #1527 ---
The time we take is time that gives us something

Hello dear subscribers,

Last week I prepared a very detailed report explaining in detail my new trading screen to identify algorithms. I created a video for this on Friday that I have already put online. There you can also hear the tones I identify from the algorithms.

Inserted Video

Unfortunately I won't finish this elaborate article today, but I am sure that I can put it online by noon tomorrow. There I describe some interesting aspects about the algorithms with some examples from the EURUSD from last Friday. This article goes a little deeper and I am sure that you can use some information for your trading.

I wish you a nice weekend and a good start to trading tomorrow morning.

Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #1528 ---
Hear the algorithms

Hello dear traders,

Today's post is the longest article I've ever written here. On the one hand, I will go into more detail on my new trading chart and try to explain certain patterns within the algorithms. However, my main project is the different tones that give me much clearer and more effective patterns. This makes it theoretically possible to trade profitably without a chart. I will go into that in more detail at the end.

In the past few weeks I've finalized a few crucial things

1. A new high-end workstation was put together and set up.

2. A fiber optic line with a ping of 4-5ms has been installed.

3. A 75 inch 4K screen replaced 4 of my screens.

4.3 Tones with a latency of 1ms were developed

5. An optimal sound card can now record up to 500 tones per second

6. My workplace has been completely rewired and shielded.

These changes were necessary because I've been dealing with the algorithms of the big players for a long time and intensified this at the beginning of 2020. At that point in time it was not clear to me which hardware and software requirements this step required. I became aware of this when the translation software I used for the stock market data was developed with a completely new software architecture. So far my software, which is programmed in C #, used the CPU to perform the arithmetic operations. Depending on the comparison of GPU / CPU, a graphics processor can be up to 10 times faster than the central processing and control unit of a computer. For this reason, the newly developed software takes advantage of the faster GPU to perform certain computing operations. This reduces the load on the CPU, which can then be used for other operations.

When I started the first experiments with my tones, I used tones that were in the 100ms range and my CPU slowed down enormously in high volatile phases. Even when I developed tones that were in the 1ms range, my old software was so stressing the CPU that the speed of the tones had to suffer. Since the new software relieves the CPU, I can hear clear tones again, even in extremely volatile phases. As I already wrote in several articles, the tones are a decisive advantage in retail, as tones can be perceived up to 20 times faster than graphical representations. The stock market is all about probabilities and a market advantage. The time plays a decisive role for a seconds scalper, both in terms of incoming and outgoing data packets. Of course, I am dependent on the ping time of my broker when placing a trade order.

The data transmission rate for sending and receiving (down and up speed) measures the amount of data that can be transmitted over an information channel such as the Internet in a certain time. To do this, however, you first have to establish a connection. When you visit a certain website, your computer first sends a request to the website's server. According to the motto "I am there and want to request data from you". If available, the server also sends back a data packet and confirms this request. The time span for sending and then receiving a data packet is called the packet delay. Also known as the round trip time (RTT) or ping.

When you send a trade order to your broker, relatively small amounts of data are sent on the journey; the ping is crucial here. The faster your data package reaches the broker, the faster your order can be processed.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here I made a ping comparison of three different brokers. While it takes an average of 20ms to send a data packet with the first broker, the best broker only needs 10ms. These three comparisons are nevertheless very fast, as there are also ping times of over 200ms. The ping times depend on various influencing factors. The type of broadband technology, but also the distance between the servers, influence the latency period. A normal speed test is of relatively little use, since a server is addressed that has nothing to do with your broker.

You can measure your ping time to the broker yourself with Windows. Enter Windows “Start” “Execution” and then “cmd”. A black screen should now appear. Now enter the following: "ping google.de", this will give you the ping time to communicate with the Google server. If you enter the website of your broker, you will receive your personal ping values. My ping times in the speed test are 4-5ms, but I can only reach my broker in 8-10ms. But the trading orders with my broker in the forex market have a decisive advantage over the futures market. In the futures market there is not always liquidity, while a market maker almost always provides me with liquidity. This means that I am usually faster in the forex market than in the future market.

My developed tones are a great trading advantage as they tell me the current activities of the major market participants. Sometimes I was able to determine that the tones of the market orders and limit orders come in faster than the graphic display in the times and sales list. The advantage is often only in the ten millisecond range, which is sometimes enough to get a better start. The orders in the Times and Sales lists run down so quickly that you can't tell them apart. The tones have a clear advantage here, especially since I have assigned the bid tones to the left and the ask tones to the right speaker channel. I am less interested in the market orders, but rather in the limit orders when they hold up the market orders. As I wrote in several articles, limit orders determine market behavior. The big players collect a certain number of market orders with their limit orders in order to be able to enter or exit. This can be represented faster and more clearly with tones. You will see and hear some examples of this today.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Let us first consider the last trading day on Friday. We can see the course of the day in the M5 chart. We were in a 30 pip equilibrium (Point A) until 2:30 p.m., then there was a downward movement of 85 pips (Point B), followed by an upward movement of 75 pips (Point C). In the forex market we cannot tell from the candles what the big players have collected. We know: the price is only the result of the market orders that entered the limit orders. And it is precisely this information that is not available in the forex market. Nevertheless, one can ask oneself whether one could have foreseen that with the stock market data.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The yellow rectangle shows the described equilibrium during the day. To the right of that I have shown the delta of the limit orders. We know that the market buy orders run into the limit sell orders and the market sell orders run into the limit buy orders. Most volume traders primarily look at market orders and that is exactly why they get nowhere. My approach concentrates exclusively on the limit orders, as this shows what is currently being collected. On the right side (Point A) are the Limit Sell Orders where the Bid is collected and on the left (Point B) are the Limit Buy Orders where the Ask is collected. We recognize that there is a clear trend in the area of limit sell orders. This shows that the big players have collected bids to push the price down. The only downside is we don't know when they're going to start pushing down, but that's where the algorithms come in. It is interesting to see that the big players collected massive limit sell orders 3 hours before the breakout. You can see this clearly in my limit delta chart at point C. Here at the latest, as a day trader, you have to look for a short entry into the high. The course then ran to Point D and almost all the way up to Point E. That was around 9 p.m. and from Point E I documented an example for you on video.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

When the price went up 75 pips again, Point A had reached the high. The course went down a little and then reached Point B. I documented the next 5 minutes up to Point C with a video, overall the course ran from high (Point A) 17 pip down (Point D). Before you watch the video, I would like to explain to you exactly what information I get from my main chart and which tools help me. The software I work with provides these basic tools, but I have modified them with very complex filter settings. Therefore you cannot find this representation in any other trader in the world.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I would like to try to explain the individual representations in more detail, without explicitly going into my complex filter settings. These settings are my personal trading advantage that every trader has developed over the years. A setup must always be individually tailored to the individual needs of the respective trader, this is the only way to be successful.

Point A

Here we see the total volume within a certain period. The volume is a summary of the ask and bid and only shows the price ranges where there was a high level of interest. From this one can sometimes derive interesting information. The time period for this consideration is decisive. Since an upward or downward movement is always similar, this period can be analyzed accordingly.

Point B

This is a delta chart in which limit sell orders and limit buy orders are analyzed in more detail. The specific collection of bid and ask cannot be recorded exactly, but you can still see a sell-off of the euro in an upward movement and the subsequent collection of the dollar. Accumulation and distribution phases can thus be recorded more easily and quickly.

Point C

A cumulative delta chart within a certain period of time. Here, too, limit sell orders and limit buy orders are viewed separately from one another in order to identify dominance more quickly. Dominants on individual price levels, in the area of limit deltas, are interesting. These appear again and again in certain situations and bring crucial trade information. With the help of cumulative chart settings, you can filter out unimportant limit orders, which is crucial for a clear overview.

Point D

The volume in the daily chart is only a rough overview for the daily, interesting price ranges. However, you cannot tell whether a bid or ask has been collected or submitted. Nevertheless, it is precisely the mountains of volume that are important, since decisive collection campaigns or sales have taken place there. Then you have to go into the individual analysis to find out what exactly happened there. So the volume is only information that something happened there, nothing more. A concrete trading decision cannot be derived from this.

Point E

The limit sell orders are able to hold the price briefly in an upward movement in order to get out of the euro position. Likewise, massive iceberg orders can completely stop the upward movement if a large number of buyers enter the market at that time. The big players often place their iceberg orders on the market beforehand in order to be at the top of the limit orders. This allows you to absorb the volume of retail traders immediately or delete the iceberg orders in order to then move the price strongly in your direction with a small number of market orders. The red lines represent the size of the limit orders in the DoM. This enables possible iceberg orders or specific zones that are important to the big players to be identified beforehand.

Point F

The same also applies to the limit buy orders, these can slow down, completely hold up or even accelerate a price if the iceberg orders are deleted and massive market sell orders come into the market at the same time. The green zones show an above-average volume of limit sell orders in certain price zones. These price zones require a detailed analysis to find out what exactly happened there.

There are a few ways a big player will hold or stop a course.

1. He wants to get out of his position or get out with a partial position.

2. he want the movement to continue, but at this point too many traders are headed in the same direction that need to be stopped first.

3. The big player wants to keep collecting and an equilibrium arises.

4. The big player is out of position and has already collected orders for the countermovement, we are on a high or low.

5.The course comes to an artificially created resistance zone, the big player intends to continue the movement, but wants to give the impression that a trend reversal is taking place. Many retail traders fall for it and are stopped out. This allows the big player to buy new orders at a lower price level.

These are just a few examples, the key is to find out why a course is being held up. Of course, this cannot always be precisely determined in individual cases, but it is possible to precisely analyze where a course was held and these are often decisive price ranges.

Point G

The big players are always on the hunt for the volume that they take in with their limit orders. This enables you to accumulate a position or exit a position without the majority of retail traders noticing. The red circles show the stops of the short traders, the green circles the stops of the long traders. These are cumulative orders that are implemented within a thousandth of a second. The circles primarily consider the limit orders, there are exceptions. If a red circle appears on a low, it is not a short trader stop, but rather cumulative market buy orders. As a professional trader you have to recognize these exceptions immediately in order to see what is happening in the market.

Point H

This is the delta in the limit sell and limit buy area. Here you can indirectly see in which area there is massive collection. Under point H we see a high number of limit sell orders that were collected in the brief upward movement at point G. At this point, a few short traders entered the market who were stopped out with a brief upward move. These stops were recorded and collected with limit sell orders. Overall, the price then went down 17 pips.

Point I

This representation was extremely difficult to realize. It shows the positioning of retail traders who only trade with one lot. It's about the weakest traders in this market. The points shown here take place outside of my red and green circles that I listed at Point G. Of course, these are entries and exits for retail traders. Very often you can see, when a large number of buyers or sellers form at certain price levels, that the big players react accordingly with a stophunting. This representation shows the positioning of the retailers with the least experience. By the way, you can see that on most exchange platforms. When the price was up, most retail traders were short and when the price was down, most retail traders were long. My presentation reacts much faster in real time because I can see the positioning of the retailers immediately.

Point J

The spoofing, in my stock market software, shows a deletion or addition of limit orders at certain price levels. This calculation is estimated using a specific algorithm and comes very close to actual spoofing. From this information, I used different filter settings to make the strength of the limit orders and market orders visible. On the right-hand side, the current strength of the market buy orders is compared with the limit sell orders and on the left, the current strength of the market sell orders is compared with the limit buy orders.

Point K

Here, the strength of the limit sell orders is determined from the sizes within the time and sales list. The lighter the color, the higher the strength in the area of limit sell orders.

Point L

Here the strength of the limit buy orders is determined from the sizes within the time and sales list. The lighter the color, the higher the strength in the limit buy order area. Compared to Point J, this is a completely different calculation method, which should bring a consistency in the overall view in order to obtain important information from it.

Point M

This display was also calculated from the spoofing information and primarily relates to the strength of the limit sell orders and limit buy orders. If a price goes down, it is stopped by the limit buy orders, in an upward price the limit buy orders help so that the price does not slide down. Depending on the course, very interesting information can be derived from this.

Point N

Here we see a possible movement trend that was derived from the DoM. When a higher number of market sell orders come into the market, a larger red bar appears.

Point O

In contrast to this, we see a possible tendency for the market buy orders to move. If a higher number of market buy orders come into the market in the DoM, a larger green bar appears. I like to compare the movement tendency of Point N & O with the movement tendency of Point X. We will come to that later.

Point Q

This representation primarily shows the strength of the respective market orders. The yellow bars on the right show the movement of the market buy orders, the red bars show the spoofing in the area of limit sell orders. The yellow bars on the left show the movement of market sell orders, the green bars show spoofing in the area of limit buy orders. In addition, on the far right and left, we see the outstanding limits in the DoM and the executed limit orders.

Point R

Only the limit sell orders and the limit buy orders are considered here. These two order types are side by side, but have nothing to do with each other, so you have to look at them separately. As soon as a price is stopped at a certain price level, I can immediately see what is happening in the market.

Point S

This representation is nothing more than a vertical view of incoming market orders between 1 and 8 lots. If a big player pushes the price in a certain direction for a short time, this is usually done with smaller orders. The larger orders are mostly accumulated, recorded stops by retail traders and are displayed to me at Point G. For this reason, this ad is enough for me. With this approach, the time and sales list can be recorded much faster. Unfortunately, this approach does not exist in any software, so I had to create it myself.

Point T

Here we see a comparison of the strengths in the limit sell and limit buy areas. If a large number of green fields appear, this indicates either support in an upward course or a possible slowdown in a downward course.

Point U

There are two different movements in the market. The market buy orders run into the limit sell orders and the market sell orders run into the limit buy orders. These are four different order types that are constantly competing with each other. My challenge was to determine an equilibrium with a certain filter setting within these four different order types. After many attempts I finally succeeded and we see an equilibrium within these four different order types in the blue fields. An equilibrium always means uncertainty and, together with Point T, gives me very interesting information.

Point V

We know that the ask and the bid will never meet, as they are always included in a limit order. This means that ask and bid have nothing to do with each other. For this reason, normal footprint charts are not useful. The footprint chart we see here primarily only considers the limit orders. With a certain filtering of the imbalance, I was able to show only the critical limit orders in the chart. This allows reversal points to be determined even faster and more efficiently.

Point W

From a speed indicator I have determined the respective strength of the ask / bid and can compare them with each other on the same level.

Point X

From the strength of the limit orders, I was able to develop a movement indicator that shows the short-term movements of the price trend. Depending on the market trend, you can look into the future for a few seconds. I like to compare this movement indicator with Point N & O. If there are differences here, one should be a little careful.

Point Y

This is a very interesting filter setting that I created from the sizes. With the red and green fields I filtered out an equilibrium and in the end there are still green and red numbers left. From this, with a very high hit rate, I can immediately deduce the future strength of the respective movement.

Point Z

Here we see my trading screen, from the Forex market. My self-developed Bionic candle is shown in the M1. The decisive factor is the spread in order to keep an eye on costs. As soon as I place a market order, my stop is automatically placed in the market. With this trading software, I am able to enter the market or close a trade within milliseconds.

If you look at my main chart on a 24 inch monitor, the individual charts look very small. You have to note that I am working with a 75 inch 4K monitor, and a 24 inch monitor fits in there 9 times. In addition to the main monitor, I also use 4 other 32 inch monitors that provide further charts from the futures and forex markets. I don't want to go into that in more detail at this point, because I've tried to unite the crucial charts on one screen. Nevertheless, the currency strength from the Forex market is also an important point for trading decisions.

From the five-minute video I have put together a few points to show what I pay attention to in detail. In reality, however, there are many more aspects that have to be taken into account, as it would go beyond the scope to explain everything in detail.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Point A

First of all, I noticed in the upward movement that at Point A a larger amount of Asks was collected again in order to push the price further up. The more buyers come into the market, the easier it is for the big player, on the high, to absorb the ask in order to buy the dollar.

Point B

The strong sell limit delta, which shows the exit from the euro and at the same time the purchase of the dollar, is striking.

Point C

Here we can see that a higher number of sell limit orders have been collected at a price level. If we now analyze the right volume mountain more closely, we will find that more bid than ask was implemented there. In an upward movement, a bid means an exit from the euro.

Point D

It was noticeable here that a large number of bids were collected. There were some long traders who couldn't get away with their position because the big player absorbed the ask with his sell limit order.

Point E

After the high was reached at 8:54 p.m., the big player placed another iceberg order in the limit sell area around 9:00 p.m. This served to hedge in case the price should run into this price range again.

Point F

Here we can see that a larger number of short traders came into the market who were stopped out with a brief upward move.

Point G

At the same time, the strength of the limit sell orders was significantly higher than the strength of the limit buy orders.

Point H

The price was already in a downward movement and here too the strength of the limit sell orders is dominant. In the area of the sizes on the limit buy side we can see that some limit buy orders are being withdrawn from the market. This indicates that the downward movement is still active.

Point I

In the DoM you can see that there is a higher number of market sell orders coming into the market. The combination that limit buy orders are withdrawn at the same time is an indication that the further course of the price is going down.

Point J

Point I shows that massive sell market orders are coming in and Point J confirms the bearish move. A good sign of an upcoming downward trend.

Point K

It is interesting to see that a higher number of red fields appear that are not in an equilibrium. This means that bearish strength is much more dominant.

Point L

The limit overview shows a clear dominance in the area of limit sell orders.

Point M

It is noticeable that the big player at Point M has already placed some iceberg orders in the market in order to catch the price in this area. This is also an interesting indication that the course could run in this area.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Point A

The price has now run into an artificially created resistance zone and the question arises whether it will continue to slide down.

Point B

The limit sell orders are still significantly stronger than the limit buy orders.

Point C

At this point in time, significantly more market sell orders than market buy orders are entering the market in the DoM.

Point D

At the same time, the price trend is moving in a bearish river.

Point E

The strength in the area of the sizes shows a bearish superiority, but in this dominance an equilibrium arises. This is an indication that the course could be intercepted.

Point F

In my unfiltered footprint chart, there is a clear dominance in the area of limit sell orders at this point. It is still an indication of a further downward movement.

Point G

The green and red fields show a typical Christmas tree, we can see that further limit buy orders are being withdrawn from the market. This is clear information on a further downward movement.

Point H

Here we can already see that the big players are starting to intercept orders on the limit buy side. This is often done to briefly stop the course and then let it continue downward.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Point A

The course briefly crossed the open line and was stopped in its movement for the moment.

Point B

We can see that limit buy orders are still being deleted from the market, which suggests that the price will continue to move downwards.

Point C

In the limit area, the bearish strength is dominant, but a brief uncertainty due to the equilibrium can be seen.

Point D

There is much more activity in the area of buy orders in the DoM.

Point E

However, the price trend is more bearish, so this is only a short pullback within a downward movement.

Point F

We can also see this short pullback in my filtered Equilibrium display.

Point G

Although more ask than bid comes into the market, the overall strength of bid is significantly more dominant.

Point H

Limit buy orders are still being deleted, which suggests a further downward trend.

Point I

The overall picture is still bearish.

Point J

We can see that different iceberg orders have now been placed on several price levels in order to intercept the price in this area.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Point A

The course has now moved further down, but has still not reached its goal.

Point B

The strength in the limit sell area is still dominant.

Point C

At this point in time, more and more market sell orders come into the market.

Point D

At the same time, the trend is bearish, a good sign of further downward movement.

Point E

The bearish dominance can also be clearly seen here.

Point F

The strength of the limit sell orders is dominant and there is no equilibrium in sight.

Point G

The stronger sell limit orders support the downward pressure, while limit buy orders are still deleted.

My recorded video unfortunately ends in this area, but I want to show you what happened a few seconds later.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Point A

The course has now moved further down and has reached my target point. From this point the price was pushed 7 pips up, after which the downward movement continued.

Point B

We can see that the big player is now applying the brakes in the area of limit buy orders in order to hold the price back.

Point C

Although we are still in the downward movement, the number of market buy orders in the market is increasing.

Point D

The movement tendency is still in the bearish area, due to the information from Point C one should be careful here.

Point E

The strength of the limit buy orders is more dominant, but we are still in an equilibrium. This is a typical indication of a trend change.

Point F

With the green Christmas tree, we see some gaps in the lower area of the sizes. This is a typical pattern that comes up again and again when there is a trend reversal.

Point G

We can see here that the big players' target corridor has been reached. There were few stops by long traders. This is an indication that there are more short traders in the market. You can also see that at Point A, by the way.

Point H

We see that the strength of the limit buy orders increases significantly, so one can conclude that there is a short pullback.

Point I

In the area of my filtered footprint chart, we can see in the downward movement that the limit buy orders are significantly stronger than the limit sell orders. The downward movement is still active, but the big player uses the opportunity to push the price 7 pips up. This stops short traders or limits their profits.

With this information now look at the video I recorded.

Inserted Video

The explanations I have given relate primarily to the charts, what we can see with our eyes. Much more important, however, are the tones, because they can be used to identify much better patterns.

The combination of charts and tones is an unbeatable trading advantage. In the past I have relied more on analyzing the charts, which I am slowly pulling back. In the future, my main focus will be on the tones, but I still need some time to find the optimal filter settings. The aim is to identify the specific turning points using only the tones. The results so far are impressive, they just need to be optimized over the next few months. This is an insane job as there are millions of different attitudes.

The sounds you hear in the video are a combination of market orders and limit orders. Although the settings have not yet been optimized, you can already hear clear pattern structures. Our brain is able to pick up sounds up to 20 times faster than a pattern structure over the eye. I would like to use this time advantage for myself and that's why I developed this project.

Theoretically, a blind person could also trade profitably with it!

In the next few months or years I will deal more specifically with these tones and try to match the tones to the charts. As soon as I have optimally filtered the main settings, it would theoretically be possible that even a blind person could trade profitably with this system. Although I am even convinced that a person who is blind could act much more profitably than I would be able to. The background to this is that a blind person has significantly finer sensors in their hearing because they have to do without their eyes. So he is able to get more information out of the tones alone than I would ever be able to.

Perhaps in the next few years I will also achieve a higher level of sensitivity in the area of my hearing senses. However, that will only be possible if you do without your eyes for the most part. The fact is that our eyes deceive us when trading, we can rely more on our ears. And that is exactly a particularly difficult step that a trader must first implement. What appeals to me is that nobody has tried this project yet. What trader would be crazy enough to enter a trade without using their eyes? In any case, I would have the courage to do so, but I still need some time.

It may also turn out that as a trader you cannot do without your eyes entirely, but a shift to the sense of hearing brings clear advantages in terms of speed.

This is a very exciting project and I'm looking forward to the future discoveries and developments that this project will bring with it. In any case, I will keep you regularly up to date, but I cannot promise that I will get concrete and usable results in a short time.

I wish you a successful trading week

Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #1529 ---
Good morning Michael.

Under circumstances of Corona and the closed clubs since months,

I guess some of my friends could dance on this on early sunday mornings;-)

--- 帖子 #1530 ---
Hi Bionics,

You are crazy but in the good way. What you have done is really amazing

And to use sound, woaw, congrats

Best

--- 帖子 #1531 ---
Bionic dance

Hello Guido,

nice to hear from you again. This is basically a great idea, but it could be problematic.

The term beats per minute became popular in the disco era and is mainly used today in dance and electronic dance music. Since normal bodily functions of a person run at 72 heartbeats per minute, these are the norm for the question of whether the frequency of the beats per minute has a stimulating or calming effect on the recipient. Tempi with a high frequency (over 72 bpm) have a stimulating effect, while those with less than 72 bpm have a calming effect.

Hip-Hop typically has tempos between 70 and 120 bpm, while House is faster at 110 to 140 bpm. The jungle is even faster with 140 to 190 bpm, while terror tempos over 200 bpm and speedcore and speed metal even reach up to 300 bpm. With the splittercore, the bpm is even between 700 and 1000, which corresponds to 16 beats per second. The "Bionic Dance" would be between 15,000 and 30,000 bpm, which would be very stimulating indeed. I found a very interesting video that depicts the tones between 90-100000 bpm.

Inserted Video

From 2000 bpm it is almost impossible to tell the tones apart. A Youtuber remarked: "Your heart beats in sync with the music you're listening to". If that is indeed the case, 500 tones per second is not healthy. Even an electric shock (50Hz) ensures that our heart only beats 50 times per second. That is still 10 times less than my tone identification of the algorithms in high volatile phases.

Inserted Video

However, the volatility on Friday night when this video was recorded was relatively low. I'll make a recording when Frankfurt, London and the USA are in the market at the same time and an important meeting is also imminent. Some of my friends who work with a similar tone setup because of my motivation find the tones to be a great aid in daily trading. A key advantage is that one can hear when it is better not to place a trade. Alone, that can save a lot of money.

Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #1532 ---
If we don't have any money, then at least we need good ideas!

Hello rosalieone,

Thank you very much for your encouragement, but what I'm doing is a little crazy indeed. In my life I have always looked for ways that no one has gone before. This is very time-consuming and exhausting, but if it works, one have a clear advantage. During the past 10 years in trading, I've noticed how many times I've been wrong. To forecast future price development from a candle or an indicator only had the charm of a game of chance for me. I wanted to rule out chance as much as possible, so I had to start from scratch. My odds have improved a bit, although I would have expected it to be a lot harder at the beginning. It is interesting that my feeling of security in trading has improved enormously. I also measured it once based on my heartbeat. As a scalper, it is harder anyway, because with 25 trades a day you pay up to € 500 spread and you have to earn the spread first, before you earning money. That's why scalping is one of the greatest challenges in trading for me. However, I don't have to sit in front of my screen for hours and hope that my loss will diminish and that the price will develop in my favor. In scalping, my profit or loss is achieved in a few minutes. From 600 interesting M1 candles I can choose the best 20-25 candles and that with the help of stock market data. I'm at the very beginning because 2 years ago I took a completely new path. At this point in time, I cannot say whether this will be sustainable. My odds haven't gotten any worse and I have a significantly better feeling of security. The effort has already been worth it for that alone.

People with a new idea are considered crazy until the thing has prevailed.

Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #1533 ---
[quote=Bionics;13155941]If we don't have any money, then at least we need good ideas!.

Hi Michael,

You sure have been busy, I cannot keep up with your valued inputs--where do you find the time to do it all.

I thought my 2 large screens wold be enough but your latest acquisition must be an eye opener, I am jealous of your capabilities and equipment, :-)

I look forward to experimenting with this latest post, I may have to use your screen though hahahahah, I wonder if Rosalie has a suitable screen.

Ok Bi 4 now

Ben

--- 帖子 #1534 ---
The kick is the challenge

[quote=btrfx1;13156038] Hello Ben,

I also often ask myself how I was able to implement all these ideas and developments in such a short time. When you have a goal in mind, anything is possible. However, I also work around 300 hours a month to achieve my goals. The contributions that I publish at FF help me a lot. Explaining something to yourself is easy, but it gets complicated when you have to explain it to others. This automatically gives rise to new ideas on how to do it even better. What particularly appeals to me is the fact that nobody else has gone my way. I have a lot of respect for the big players and high-frequency traders because they are the absolute world champions in trading. But they also have weak points that I track down in the area of their algorithms. In the last few years I have concentrated heavily on their strategies and found out many things about which there is no literature in the world. 12 banks control 85% of the Forex market, their power is incredible and yet they make many mistakes every day. These errors lie in the algorithms because they are unable to react appropriately to all situations. They won't change their algorithms until the profits decrease significantly. Goldman Sachs has completely changed its algorithms as they have dwindled significantly in recent years. Deutsche Bank is still well in the running, but they are also slowly noticing that the Asians and Americans are clearly catching up. There are now self-learning algorithms, but it will take decades before they work properly and then I'll be retired. It's just fun to find the loopholes in your mistakes and generate a corresponding trading advantage from them. It's not so much the money that appeals to me, but rather the challenge of having a realistic chance against the best in the world. And that's exactly what motivates me to go to the market every day.

In all honesty, a trader doesn't need screens like the ones I use. This is pure luxury, but I don't work like a normal trader. I don't pay attention to candles, the price, news or indicators, I mostly don't even know where the current price of the EURUSD is because that is completely unimportant. My focus is exclusively on the algorithms that control the limit orders and market orders of the big players. I'm not a professional in this field, but many of the big players' strategies could be programmed much more easily. What is frightening is that I find out relatively quickly when the big players change their algorithms. You are always ahead of me in terms of time, of course, because when new algorithms appear on the market, it takes me a few days or weeks to figure them out. But my advantage is that the big players cannot change their algorithms on a monthly basis, because behind it there is an incredible amount of effort that entails lengthy test phases. A nice goal would be to give up or exit trades based on just my tones without looking at the screen. But that will take a few more years. Algorithms cannot be read with forex data, candles, price data or indicators. This is an insane job that requires a certain amount of screen real estate. If I were only on the move in retail without analyzing the algorithms on the side, I would be need 3 screens. However, I would very much doubt whether I would have so much success and fun with it.

Whenever I face two evils, I turn to the one that I have not yet tried.

Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #1535 ---
WDT=D0+∑Tt=1(dt) +1qT(Y0+∑Tt=1(yt))⇔WDT=W0+∑Tt=1(dt) +1qT·∑Tt=1(yt)

--- 帖子 #1536 ---
Hi Michael,

I came across your blog today, and wow, very interesting !!!

What I like the most is your whole out the box approach, which I believe is the best way in any thing to make new breaks.

So tons of respect to you for tackling this.

I myself are working on something out the ordinary, and get ridiculed for it a lot, I guess it is tough being the outsider, so I handle it accordingly.

I am very interested in your reaction to sound theory. Reason being I am having a very hard time pulling the trigger on my trade setups. My strategy is scalping the M1 on GBPUSD, with multiple setups for entries & exits, more trading back to centre than away from it etc.

My problem is, I can sit relaxed and watch the screen, and call the trades, enrty points and very close to perfect exits as I enter, BUT, and here is the whole bottleneck :

I CAN NOT PUSH THE BUTTON !!!!

Not even on a demo account !!!!

Its like two north poles of a magnet , its just not happening.

Im asking you, since you are also approaching problems looking from outside in, maybe you can point me in a direction ? Maybe the sound activation or something can snap me out my stupor and execute my trades ???

i am desperate / depressed etc because of this shortfall

And please readers, its not a case of lot size or trust or whatever, I call them 100% whole day long, but that keyboard and my hands have a negative magnetic effect on each other.

My goal is not to highjack your awesome blog, I would rather think it ties in with your whole idea of sound as a trigger.

Thanks in advance for anyone who has a fix.

I have dedicated the past 16 months, 15hrs a day, doing nothing else than to learn, FX, get the candle junk out my head / the dumb money laws, and adopt the smart money principles, dealer traps etc mentality, tons and tons and tons of emotional barriers crossed etc, to a system that I can scalp GBPUSD whole day without stopping, just to in the end get stopped by a river I seem not to be able to cross : Pulling the trigger

--- 帖子 #1537 ---
There is an expert on MQL5 site that lets you enter the market with a constant SL and TP that you can set yourself, when you click "buy" the SL and TP are already set.

And im sure there is some way to enter the market with a hotkey.

--- 帖子 #1538 ---
Push the button for your life

Hello BitcoinBoff,

First of all, welcome to our blog and thank you very much for your kind words. First of all, today's outsiders are the future market shapers in trading. In the wildlife, outsiders often have the highest chance of survival because they don't follow the crowd. Screen time is an important factor in trading and gives a trader some basic experience. Of course, there are also traders who are more successful with less screen time than traders with significantly more screen time. That depends on your personal setup and that includes many aspects that you will find here.

The never ending story

Success begins with a screen time of 10-15,000 hours. The definition of success can have different meanings for everyone. In the beginning it is only about not losing any money and unfortunately over 90% of all traders do not achieve this goal. If you have achieved the goal of not losing any money in trading, you have to turn the fine screws (setup and money management) to achieve sustainable profits. You also don't lose any money  because you don't act. But you have to act in order to gain experience. A baker who doesn't bake bread rolls will never run a successful bakery, and it is the same with trading. Incidentally, the baker also runs the risk that his rolls will not be bought and that he will suffer a loss as a result.

I strongly doubt that the tones I have developed will help you in your current situation, as the fear of trading seems to have other causes. There are only two types of traders for 95% of beginners: the greedy and the fearful. The remaining 5% have found their balance after many years, but these are the great exceptions.

There is no shame in being afraid, the art is to fight against that fear. Traders are very special because they take the risk of losing everything every day. 95% of them manage it too and stop. Perhaps you have no talent to be a trader, just as you might not have a talent to sing or play rugby. That's not a big deal, because there are many opportunities to find a job that makes you happy.

First, think about what you really want and what makes you really happy. Maybe your blockade of trade comes from not wanting it at all. Why do you want to force yourself to do it? Perhaps you may pay a trainer a few thousand dollars that he motivate you to do things that you basically don't want. Save your money. Successful trading is 90% psychology and 10% technology. It is not the indicator that makes you successful, just yourself.

It is not a failure when you realize that trading is not right for you. Have the courage and stop if you don't want to. You will save a lot of money that you will definitely need for other goals. Many traders then argue that they have been trading for so long and now want to pull through. But even that is no guarantee of future success.

If you still want to become a trader, expect to lose money or make too little money for the next 3 years. But only if you can afford it and you really want to go for it. But according to statistics, you will fail 95% of the time. If that doesn't stop you, even though you can't afford it, you are brave but also cracy. I'm not saying this to demotivate you, but to keep you safe from harm. As a beginner I was very lucky and lost little money, but for the first few years I brought money with me to trade, because the cost of living also costs money. I could afford it financially at the time, but very few traders have such a comfortable starting position.

No matter how far you've gone the wrong way, you can always turn around and find a better way. No matter which path you choose, I will keep my fingers crossed for you from the bottom of my heart.

Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #1539 ---
Hint! How you can save a lot of time in trading

Hello dear traders,

we all know that screen time is a critical factor in success. Let's assume that it would take a trader 15,000 hours of screen time to trade profitably. Now let's look at three different traders. The full-time trader spends 10 hours a day on the screen, the part-time trader 5 hours and the casual trader 2 hours a day. In five years, the full-time trader will have 15,000 hours of screen time. To get the same screen time, the part-time trader would need ten years and the casual trader 25 years. This would mean that the occasional trader would never have the opportunity to practice this profession full-time.

Today I would like to give you a little tip on how you can shorten these times significantly.

In EURUSD 1440 M1 candles are created daily. If one analyzes the last ten years, one finds that of these 1440-daily M1 candles only about 600 M1 candles are interesting for the trade. On the one hand, this is due to the fact that the price trend is in a sideways market or equilibrium in two thirds of the cases, and thus in a lower volatility. The interesting trading hours in the Euro EURUSD are between 7 a.m. and 19 p.m. This is exactly where Frankfurt, London and the USA act in the market. At around 2:30 p.m. are all participants are in the market.

A trader sits in front of his screen, waiting for the right opportunity to place his trade. Due to market movements, however, we know that relatively little happens over 50% of the time and that the volatility is often so low that it even makes no sense to place a corresponding trade.

Why are there more sideways movements than up or down movements in a price trend?

As we know, the big players in a sideways market have to collect a certain number of asks or bids before they can push the price in their profit direction. Once they have reached their goal, they have to get out of their position and collect a new position, which in many cases leads to a sideways market again. These collect action are often boring because they take place for many hours in a sideways market.

Every trader who works with indicators or stock market data knows that there are certain situations that are particularly interesting for him because he can learn crucial things from them. But he has to spend at least 50% of his screen time waiting in order to be able to analyze these decisive movements. Part-time or occasional traders are at a decisive disadvantage, as they usually have to practice their profession during main trading hours. In doing so, they dont see the decisive movement sequences that would help you to build up experience.

In order to take with you at least a small part of the experience, I recommend that you record your trading screen if you cannot observe the market yourself at this point. There is a free screen recording program that I've been using for some time.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

First you have to download and set up the screen recording program. Then I recommend bringing all relevant charts together on one screen. Then you just start recording and let the charts run when you're doing your job or doing other things. I also found a small video for this video recording program, where everything is explained in detail.

Inserted Video

For me, too, there are sometimes situations where I can't sit in front of my screens and that's exactly when this screen recording program comes into play. To record a 4K screen for 1 hour, approximately 1GB of storage capacity is required, with HDMI resolution only half. When you come home from work in the evening, you can pull out exactly the most interesting aspects in 2 hours and thus significantly increase your learning effect. The most interesting videos of the week can also be analyzed more closely at the weekend.

As a general rule, precautions should be taken if you leave a running computer in your home because of a possible fire hazard. You should also take into account an additional power consumption of around 1KW per hour. If the computer is running 10 hours a day, this is approximately € 2.30 electricity consumption. The learning effect that is gained from it is, however, worth significantly more.

I also created my last video with this program. I only have to optimize the recording of the sounds a bit.

Inserted Video

I would be happy if the idea helps you and I wish you a successful trading week

Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #1540 ---
Bionics video with explanation

Hello dear subscribers,

After posting almost 1,000 posts at FF in just under 3 years, I wanted to start a new chapter. I discussed my first video over the weekend. In the last few months I have received many inquiries as to whether I could not even publish a video with an explanation. Two reasons have stopped me so far:

1. I have been able to improve my English skills considerably in recent years, but my home language is German. The crucial thing about a language is not just its grammar and syntax, but especially its rhetoric and semantics. In my opinion you can master a language excellently, but the success lies in the rhetoric to underpin certain terminology. Since I have not mastered the semantics and rhetoric in English as I think fit, that was the limit.

2. Producing a video with speech is very time-consuming if you have little experience with it. That has kept me from doing so so far.

What reasons changed my mind?

With the world language English, you can reach more people than with the language German. Nevertheless, the English language is in 3rd place with 360 million native speakers, ahead of Spanish (523 million) and Mandarin (1,000 million). 200 million people speak German, which is a reason for me to produce a German video. On Youtube you can have any language translated, which is sometimes difficult, but still better than no text at all. Plus, many English language videos are also being translated by people around the world, why not even have a video in German.

The last few days have been very exhausting as I produced a video for the first time that is almost 40 minutes long. My aim was to produce the video in 4K and also to achieve high quality sound. In addition, I didn't want to deliver a typical trader video. After producing it, I noticed a few bugs that I'll fix in the next video. So I beg your forbearance.

Conclusion:

I learned a lot and while I was producing the video I had some great ideas on how to identify the algorithms more efficiently. For that alone it was worth it. A video with speech is more complex to implement, but much more efficient for the viewer because he can hear and see. The more senses are addressed in humans, the better they are able to absorb and implement things faster.

Here is my first video, have fun with it!

Inserted Video

I wish you a successful trading week

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1541 ---
More effective information on this blog!

Hello dear subscribers,

You have probably noticed that there have been fewer questions or communication on my blog lately. There are reasons that I would like to explain in more detail. This blog was initially launched as my personal trading diary to present complicated things in a simpler way and to show me my personal development process. If one explain his own approach to yourself, questions arise that require new solutions. In the past, these questions kept giving me new ideas, from which I could develop new concepts.

In the course of my blog there were interesting questions from my subscribers, that I was happy to answer and that helped us all. Unfortunately, questions within a blog are not only reserved for the subscribers of the blog, but practically every troll can post their thoughtless comments here. In the past there have also been some envious and haters who wanted to disrupt my blog while promoting their own under-trafficked blog. Here is a classic example of a pointless post from a trader who has more people on the ignore list than subscribers.

Nightmare

Basically, I can defend myself well against such types, as most of them cannot hold their own against intelligent communication. But that is always very exhausting and costs my valuable time. Every second I give to such people is wasted time that can be used far more sensibly. In addition, there were minor quarrels and vanities between individual subscribers, which in my opinion do not belong in this blog.

I found the questions very exhausting, which I have already answered in great detail or even several times. I can understand that too, though. A beginner reads my latest post and doesn't understand a particular statement. He would like an answer to that. At this point, he cannot know that his question has already been answered in detail several times. Since I spend 12-14 hours every day on my trading and projects, I no longer had the time to keep repeating the same questions. For this reason I have restricted questions within my blog to high impact members. I didn't do that to annoy my followers, but to make this blog even clearer for everyone.

Every subscriber has the opportunity to get in touch with me by sending me an email within FF. If this is a question, make sure they've read my blog. First of all, my blog is divided into 2 areas.

Article 1- Article 966 (up to page 49)

Here the Forex market is described, primarily the equilibrium, interesting indicators up to the tickchart.

Post 967- Today

Here the stock exchange data is described and how algorithms can be identified.

So that all subscribers benefit from it, I make the following suggestion. Anyone can reach me via FF Mail or PM. If it is a question that I have already answered several times, the person concerned will receive a link from this post. The questions that have not yet been asked and at the same time bring high added value for all subscribers, I will publish in this blog so that everyone can benefit from them.

This makes the blog a little more chronological and efficient.

Of course, I know that every new post automatically places this blog on the first place in the search overview, so that new members can also become aware of this blog. If less is posted here in the future, this blog will be in first place less often and therefore less noticed. It has never been my goal to win the most subscribers with this blog, so the ranking of my blog is not so important to me. I am proud to have found traders who have a goal similar to mine and therefore subscribe to me. And I would like to take this opportunity to thank these followers once again.

Interesting information or good things get around quickly, so I believe that interesting followers will continue to find this blog, even if this blog has less communication than other blogs. The greatest benefit, however, will lie in the future clarity and in the effective time savings for readers. As I have already written, I would also like to produce more videos in the future because they are more efficient and one can explain many complicated things more easily. The videos are in my native language, but thanks to YouTube, everyone can have the videos translated in their own language.

Here you can find my first video where I give an overview of the future content.

Inserted Video

This new approach will establish itself in the interest of all followers. We traders don't have infinite time to deal with trivialities or vanities. We need facts and ideas that will help us advance in retail. And that is exactly what we will implement here in the future. I am convinced that this is in the interest of all followers.

I wish you a successful trading week

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1542 ---
Such a shame, Michael but you get them everywhere. If it is any - small - consolation, the more successful your presence, the more you will attract the loons.

Totally understand your frustrations. Whenever I have made the mistake of feeding a troll, it very quickly becomes hugely exhausting and takes away a very large part of the enjoyment of the exercise.

Hopefully this will hasten the end of your hassles, as it would be such a shame if it became so bad as to drive you away.

All the best,

Lem.

--- 帖子 #1543 ---
Such a shame

Hello Lem,

Thank you very much for your kind words, I agree with you on all points. The example I published was just an extreme outlier that encourages laughing more than crying.

More effective information on this blog!

Of the 750,000 members at FF, there are few who follow a similar approach to mine, which is why a uniform basis for discussion is fundamentally difficult. The main reason I switched to more effective information on my blog is because of my available time. I've found that in the past, I've spent a lot of time doing ineffective things that could have been saved. While it is good to recognize that, but the key is to change this challenge immediately.

From 2009 it took me three years to break even. Break-even means no more money to lose. In total, I lost $ 1500 at the beginning, which I then regained over time. From 2012 to 2017, I then traded profitably in Equilibrium, always feeling that my winning trades were based more on chance than on predictable strategies. In 2017 I started at Forex Factory with my trader diary and started with different experiments to increase my efficiency. Starting in 2019, I started researching the stock market data and made some interesting discoveries that I described in detail on my blog.

For a year now I have been working very intensively with the big player algorithms and have been able to significantly reduce the randomness of my winning trades. Before a trader enters into a trade, the market is analyzed according to his specifications. Regardless of whether he is relying on price, indicators or stock market data, in most cases he will be right when submitting his market entry when it comes to the direction of trade. At first the price actually moves in its direction, then suddenly there is a change in trend. It is interesting that when placing their trade they could actually correctly predict the price direction. Once their are in the trade, they have to hope theye made the right decision. The longer they are in the market, the greater the factor of chance.

We know that the big players only react to the actions of the retail traders. Since they need the volume of the retail traders with their limit orders in order to start or end an accumulation or distribution phase, they have to stop the retail traders. For me it is easier to predict the reaction of a big player than the actions of a few thousand different retail traders. For this reason, I focused on the big players many years ago.

In the last 1.5 years I have found that with the identification of the big player algorithms I was able to see a longer period of time into the future. This made it possible for me to recognize a small breakout in an M1 candle beforehand and thus to get an optimal entry-level course. However, this is always a very short time frame, so I became a seconds scalper. The broker costs are significantly higher, but so is the profit rate. The risk / reward ratio can also be brought to a value of 1: 2 or 1: 3 if one are ready to reduce the stop to 1 pip. However, this is almost impossible without stock market data.

So I always use the few seconds that I can look into the future to place my corresponding trades. This also increases the number of trades I place each day. In addition, I am able to scale my risk and profit opportunities with the number of lots invested. With 20 trades that last an average of 30 seconds, I am actually only 10 minutes in the market of the most volatile 600 trading minutes. And that is exactly the time, that I can almost exactly foresee, by identifying the algorithms. If I were to enter into a 10 minute trade, I would only be able to predict the direction of trade for 30 seconds; I would have to rely on chance for the remaining 9.5 minutes. In recent years I have found that a high win rate also gives me great confirmation, with very small stops at the same time. Of course, every now and then I get stopped out due to higher volatility, then I just place the same trade again.

As I already showed in my last video, patterns are only possible in the DoM and the Times and Sales list, as they are independent of time and volume. That seems to be a crucial key. The more a trader can reduce the factor of chance, the greater the success.

In fact, the spread is what causes most traders to lose money. In EURUSD, the spread rises 6 times within a small breakout. When a strong bullish candle with 7 pips arises, many traders enter with a long trade. The spread is now 3 pips. The big player now pushes the price down 5 pips and the retail traders are already losing 8 pips. Before the breakout upwards, the spread is 0.5 pip. If one get into the market beforehand, one can quickly make 4.5 pip profit. After deducting the stop (1 pip) and the spread (0.5 pip), this is a risk / reward ratio of 1: 3. With the right scaling, this results in very interesting possibilities.

With the help of the algorithms a trader is able to reduce the chance and to increase the determinism significantly. This is a crucial point in increasing the odds. The biggest advantage, however, is the brokerage costs. Entry into the breakout usually costs 6 times the spread, before the breakout only 0.5 pip. Income minus costs = profit! Therefore one must only enter the market before a breakout. The crucial information for this can only be recognized by identifying the algorithms.

We will deal with this in more detail in the next few months.

Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #1544 ---
Increase in trading efficiency

Hello dear subscribers,

Every trader would like to make more money in the same amount of time without taking a higher risk. Today I want to show you a way how you can significantly improve your trading efficiency without changing your setup or your approach.

As I wrote in my last post, you have to deduct the costs from your income to get a profit. In trading, however, it is not enough to offset your losses against your profits. There is one more crucial factor that is often forgotten: the brokerage costs. Of course, there are different types of billing for the costs at the brokers. Some offer a fixed commission plus spread, others only charge a spread only. Even if you are trading with a pure spread, these costs must also be taken into account, as you always start in the minus at the beginning of the trade. Let's take a look at how the spread is created in the futures market.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Point A

Here we see a classic DoM, on the ask side are the limit sell orders and on the bid side the limit buy orders. There is a green number on the price ladder, this is Best Ask. The red number is the best bid. A purchase entry always begins on the best ask side, a sales entry always begins on the best bid side.

Point B

A 16 lot market buy order is now placed on the Best Ask page. The spread is one tick or 0.5 lot, since the best bid and best ask are close together.

Point C

The 16 lot market buy order now literally eats its way into the limit sell orders and at the same time drives the best ask price up.

Point D

We can see that the best bid price has still not left its position. This is because there are no limit buy orders on the left. The spread has now widened to 8 ticks or 4 pips.

Point E

Now more limit buy orders come into the market and the spread is reduced to one tick or 0.5 lot.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Now let's look at an example that has happened to every trader before.

Point A

A big player brings a larger number of market buy orders into the market.

Point B

This literally shoots the price upwards, creating a strong bullish candle. A trader now believes that the price will continue to rise and positions a 1 lot market buy order on the best ask side. The spread is 4 pips or 8 ticks, which many traders only notice when they are already in position.

Point C

Since the price has risen very quickly, the limit buy orders are not able to fill the gap quickly enough. The big player takes advantage of the situation and pushes the price down with relatively few sell market orders.

Point D

The spread now widened to 16 ticks or 8 pips. Our trader is still standing with a market buy order at position 1.10085. Since the price has already gone down by 8 pip, there is a high probability that the stop has already triggered. This stop provides another push down.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

If you want to place a buy order, you basically go to the Best Ask page. As soon as you want to get out of this position, this is only possible via the best bid page. If you want to place a sell order, you basically go to the best bid page. As soon as you want to get out of this position, this is only possible via the Best Ask page. The closer the best ask and best bid side are together, the smaller the spread.

You can enter the market immediately with a market order, but you run the risk of paying a higher spread. A limit order usually ensures that you get the smallest spread of a tick. Unfortunately for most of them this only applies to the futures market, but not to the forex market. In the forex market, it makes no difference to me whether I enter the market with a market order or a limit order, I always have to pay the spread specified by the broker. Of course, with a limit order, the spread is only due if the limit order is filled. Nevertheless, this is a significant disadvantage compared to the futures market.

These were all points why I took a closer look at the spread in the forex market. First of all, each of you is able to visualize the best ask and best bid line in the chart in your MT4. This may give you a better overview. In order to effectively monitor the spread over the day, I got hold of a few different indicators. At the weekend I did the evaluation and I noticed something interesting in the last few weeks.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

First I carried out my spread evaluation in a tick chart, as an M1 would not have made any sense. The difficulty was that most spread indicators do not run on a tick chat. But this is crucial, because so much different spread information comes in within 1 minute that it cannot be evaluated within an M1 candle. You can see a 32 tick chart in EURUSD here. I once tried to mark the different movements with lines. This is not that easy, because within an upward movement there are also smaller downward trends and vice versa. The yellow dots show the average spreads in the different movements. I already noticed there that my spread was significantly higher in an upward movement than in a downward movement.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I wanted to investigate that more closely and took a closer look at a 2 tick chart. Interestingly, this is where the highest spreads often emerged in an upward movement.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I evaluated different charts and found that the spreads are on average 40% higher in an upward movement. However, no fundamental deduction can be made from this, as it can look different for every broker and trader. For this reason I can only rely on my own evaluation. This may also have been a coincidence and is therefore not representative.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Interestingly, the largest spread peaks often lead to a trend reversal, but I would recommend not to trade on them. In principle, one cannot always assume that the spread is higher in an upward movement than in a downward movement, but on average this resulted in a difference of around 40%. One reason for this could be that limit sell orders are pushed into the market faster in a downward movement than limit buy orders in a strong upward movement. According to my broker, he passes on the current spreads of the forex market directly to his customers with a small premium. This also explains why the costs for market and limit orders are the same. I recommend a spread indicator for scalpers in particular, which provides information about the current spread at all times. Since I usually enter the market before a breakout, the spread in this area is within a normal range.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Exactly one year ago I compared the speed of the upward and downward movements in the EURUSD. For this I used the data of the EURUSD from 1971-2019. In this comparison it was found that the downward movements are about 40% faster than the upward movements. This is an important finding because I believe that the longer you are in the market with your position, the greater the risk of being stopped out by an unexpected strong movement. If, based on my analysis, I only bet on a downward trend in the future, I could reduce my time in the market by 40%. Provided that the price movement would also behave to the same extent in the future. You can find the full report here:

Who is faster the euro or the dollar?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

A very important factor for me is the pip per minute that I get with my trades. An M1 candle reached averages 1.54 pips per minute. Of course, that changes in extreme, volatile phases. You can also find the interesting article about this. Here is the link:

Increase our hourly dare?

From the now different results we want to find out whether this information can be used to generate a trading advantage.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

We will now compare a long trade with a short trade.

Point A

For a long trade, we calculate a spread of 1.4 pip, for a short trade 40% less, i.e. 1 pip. An investment of 1 lot incurs costs of $ 14 for a long trade and $ 10 for a schort trade. We estimate the stop at 2 pips, or $ 20. A long trade reaches an average of 1.5 pips per minute and thus 7.5 pips after 5 minutes. A short trade averages 2.1 pips per minute and thus 10.5 pips after 5 minutes.

Point B

Let's start with a 1 lot long trade that runs for 5 minutes. The cost is $ 14 and the profit is $ 75, for a total of $ 61. The risk / reward ratio is 1: 2 as the stop would have resulted in a loss of $ 34.

Point C

Now let's look at a short trade that runs with 1 lot, 5 minutes. The cost is $ 10 and the total profit is $ 105 that is $ 95. The risk / reward ratio is already over 1: 3 here, as the stop would have resulted in a loss of $ 30. In this case, not only would we have made 50% more money, but we would have made 10% less losses if the trade had gone into the stop.

Point D

The second option would be to significantly reduce the time it takes to act. In this case, we would have made $ 64 after 3.5 minutes. The fact, this is a time saving of 30% and, in the event of a loss, we would have saved 10%.

Conclusion:

If you as a scalper were to concentrate only on short trades, the probability would be high that you could achieve a considerable trading advantage. Whether this advantage is actually 50% is pure speculation and everyone should try it for themselves. A trader who only makes short trades has another advantage.

Certainly each of you can still remember the Swiss franc shock in 2015, when the price went down by 2200 pip within seconds. For those of the traders who would only have bet on a downtrend, this breakdown would not have been a problem. The curious thing is that there has never been such a move up. However, that does not mean that this cannot happen in the future. As we know, we traders only have to use the probability to optimize our trading results. A concentration on exclusively short trades could not only bring more profits, but also a significantly higher level of security. Everyone has to analyze whether this actually applies to each individual using their individual trade evaluation. Perhaps I was still able to provide you with a good approach to act even more effectively and successfully in the future.

I wish you a successful trading week

Kind regards Micha

--- 帖子 #1545 ---
Liquidity gives us crucial information

Hello dear subscribers,

Anyone who trades in the forex market and only uses forex data has a decisive disadvantage. He is able to see the result of a price war, but he cannot identify the cause. The result of the price war is always the price movement, but what triggered it remains hidden in the forex market. Due to the fixed time (M1, M5 ...), the candles always arise within a random formation. By chance it is never possible to identify a clear pattern sequence that supports a sustainable winning strategy. This means that the chance of winning is well below 50% and makes long-term profit optimization difficult for us.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

As I have already written in many posts, the actual reason for the price movements is exclusively in the market orders that run into the limit orders. The market sell orders (Point A) initially run into the limit buy orders (Point B). The larger the number of market sell orders, the higher the probability that they can break the limit buy orders. The higher the number of limit buy orders, the higher the probability that they will be able to absorb the market sell orders. This gives the result of whether or not the price is going down another tick. It is the same with the market buy orders (Point C), which run into the limit sell orders (Point D).

While the limit orders represent the liquidity, the volume results from the market orders. The amount of liquidity and volume is always the same during an order execution, since a market order must always be accepted by a limit order. A market sell order is placed by a seller, which is placed by a buyer of a limit buy order. This is exactly how a market buy orders are placed by a buyer, which is accepted by a seller of a limit sell order. A market sell order will never meet a market buy order as they always have to run into a limit order. Interestingly, they are still next to each other in a footprint chart, although they have nothing to do with each other. In a volume chart, the market sell orders are now added together with the market buy orders. From this one can deduce that an increased battle took place within this price level, but that was all.

A price movement therefore only arises because the number of market orders was so large that they could completely buy up the limit orders at one price level. But already here the danger lurks in the form of iceberg orders. If there are 20 limit buy orders in the DoM, this does not mean that you can move the price down by one tick with 21 market sell orders. There may be an iceberg order of 100 lots at this price level, although only 20 lots can be seen in the DoM. In principle, it is almost impossible to identify iceberg orders, but with the help of spoofing algorithms and a corresponding filter setting, the probability is high that certain iceberg zones can be identified beforehand. This usually results in interesting resistance zones that you can use to your advantage.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Basically, the price movement always arises from the market orders that run into the limit orders. However, there is still a crucial psychology that is based on the waiting limit orders in the DoM.

Point A

Here we see the limit buy orders that are waiting in the DoM to be activated by the market sell orders.

Point B

Here we see the limit sell orders that are waiting in the DoM to be activated by the market buy orders.

These limit orders represent the liquidity in the market and are at the same time a prospect of the future. Liquidity is the basis for executing a market order. If there was no liquidity, the market order would have no chance of being executed. By placing a limit order, the participant declares their willingness to be executed at a certain price level in the future. Thus, the limit orders in the DoM are, so to speak, an outlook into the future. Unfortunately, these limit orders can also be withdrawn again, resulting in a changed relationship between demand and supply.

For example, if a price goes up and suddenly an above-average limit sell order is placed in the DoM, many participants believe that the price on these limit sell orders will be held up. Some are now exiting their long position, other traders are opening a short position. Suddenly the big player withdraws his large limit sell order and pushes the price through strongly upwards. With the spoofing algorithms, it is possible to find out beforehand whether this is a possible fake order or not.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

We have three important pieces of information that we have to pay attention to. The limit orders in the DoM are in a way a possible glimpse into the future, whereby you always have to include the possible iceberg orders. The executed market orders show the short-term price direction, while the executed limit orders show the long-term price direction. First and foremost, I concentrate on the executed limit orders, which I analyze with the help of my special limit delta. These limit orders are the key to success, as the big players within an equilibrium collect a certain number of limit orders in order to then bring them to a profit. If you can find out at which price levels the big players have collected a certain number of limit orders, this also increases the probability of winning.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

As we know, the EURUSD is not one of the most volatile currency pairs. I measure the strength of the dollar using the seven different currency pairs shown here. The figures here show the percentage change compared to the previous day. The EURUSD reach a medium volatility. Volatility is a critical factor for any trader, but it too depends entirely on volume and liquidity.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Point A

If we have a large number of market orders that run into low liquidity, this results in high volatility. At the same time, the spread increases, but so does our chance of winning.

Point B and C

When the volume and liquidity are balanced, a standard situation arises within which normal trading is possible.

Point D

If the volume is low but the liquidity is high, this results in low volatility. The spread is small, but at the same time the risk of a loss increases as you have to stay longer in the market and uncontrolled breakouts can destroy the profit.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I achieve my highest probability of winning within normal volatility, because then, with the help of my selected algorithms, I have the highest chances. The highest volatility in EURUSD arises with the entry of London and the USA. Interestingly, my probability of winning before and after is significantly higher. I recommend every trader to make such an individual evaluation to find out when trading is particularly worthwhile. In the last few months I have concentrated more on the liquidity of the limit order. As we know, it is primarily the larger market participants that provide the liquidity, as they can use the iceberg order to collect a certain number of ask or bids unnoticed. Iceberg orders are only available within limit orders. Since the iceberg orders in EURUSD account for more than 60% of sales, it is logical that this strategy should be attributed to the larger market participants.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The liquidity in the market is a decisive factor for me in order to find out whether there are big players in the market and to what extent they control the market. From this I created a table for the Euro FX / EURUSD that shows us the current situation.

Point A

The number of limit orders refers to the ask and bid side. Between 300-400 limit orders on the ask and bid side it is easier to get through with the market orders than if there are twice the number of limit orders in the market. That shows me that the big players are not really interested in the current market. We also had this situation briefly at the beginning of the Corona crisis, but that was due to the fact that many bank employees were unable to work because of the crisis.

Point B

For me, the market situation is average between 400-600 lots on the ask and bid side. The big players are in the market and are collecting their predetermined orders.

Point C

Between 600-800 lots on the ask and bid side, there is already greater interest from the big players. It is possible that the specified orders have already been collected and must now be turned into a profit. Therefore, increased liquidity ensures that no large price jumps can take place. The big players clearly control the market.

Point D

Between 800-1000 lots on the ask and bid side, the interest is already above average. The big players not only control the market, they dominate it. Anyone who knows exactly what the big players have already collected in this situation has a clear market advantage.

From this information alone it should be clear to everyone why I pay no attention to news and would never act on it. Let us assume that Deutsche Bank collected a large number of asks at different price levels within one day. Now comes an important economic news item that means extreme strength for the dollar. Normally, EURUSD would have to move down now to justify the strength of the dollar. Interestingly, the opposite happens. Deutsche Bank would like to bring the collected Ask into profit and for this reason will push the price up massively. The overall situation is even positive, because since many traders are buying the dollar, it is even easier for Deutsche Bank to push the price upwards. For this reason we have to remember: It is not the news that determines the market, but the market that determines the news.

Inserted Video

Here you can see a video from the last trading day on Friday in EURUSD from 16: 37-16: 43 CET. First there was a small upward pullback to eliminate the short traders and then a larger downward movement. I've tweaked my main screen a little over the past few weeks and added new modules. I have also improved and adjusted the tones. As soon as I have optimized my filter settings, we will look into that in more detail. Pay attention to the different representations in connection with the tones. From this, certain actions can be recognized in advance.

Conclusion:

Based on the limit orders in the DoM, you can see the interest of the big players in current market events. I am currently working on a representation to set the waiting limit orders in relation to the current market orders. The goal is to predict future volatility from this information. In connection with deleted or added limit orders, smaller breakout candles can be identified more quickly before they arise. That could increase the probability of winning again. So far I have been able to make an equilibrium visible within Best Ask and Best Bid, which you can see in the video under my Forex trading screen. The blue fields represent an equilibrium, the sizes without equilibrium show the respective strength within the bid and ask. As I have already established, I get the fastest information from a time and volume independent representation. This is the time and sales list and the DoM. It is possible that my filter settings will be limited to this in the future.

Every trader's dream is a chart that shows future movements a few minutes before they occur. Unfortunately, this will remain an impossible dream. But you can identify the tracks of the big players more precisely with the help of the algorithms and my tones. This allows you to see into the future for a few 1/10 seconds, which will bring decisive trading advantages. The challenge is to get the most out of these 1/10 seconds.

I wish you a good start into the new trading week.

Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #1546 ---
Testing the algorithms

Hello dear subscribers,

As we know, the big players collect their ask or bid within an accumulation or distribution phase with the help of smaller iceberg orders, which are hidden behind the limit orders. These iceberg orders are difficult to identify. As soon as the collection campaign has been concluded, the current market situation will decide whether to stopfishing. If, after a completed accumulation phase, the majority of retail traders take a short position, there is no reason for a stophunting and the price can be pushed up. For this purpose, limit sell orders previously placed on the market are deleted and, at the same time, smaller, cumulative market buy orders are shot into the market with the help of the algorithms. As soon as the stops of the short traders are triggered, a chain reaction occurs and the price literally explodes upwards.

In principle, order book trading in conjunction with the Times & Sales list is very advantageous for short-term trading. First of all, every trade from the Times & Sales list is displayed in a tick chart, regardless of the number of orders placed. These time-independent ticks are now connected with a line and our well-known candles (OHLC) are created from this. In the forex market you can also create tick charts, but one essential aspect is missing: the number of orders. It is therefore not possible to display the respective sizes of the limit orders in the DoM in the Forex market. These quantities are a crucial aspect when reading out algorithms.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

At 16:50: 41.472 the price dropped 1 tick from 1.17935 to 1.17930. At this point there were 12 lot limit buy orders and 11 lot limit sell orders in the market. This number of limit orders is a crucial point for deriving strong resistance and identifying iceberg orders. The larger the number on the right (limit sell orders), the more difficult it is for the market buy orders to get through. The larger the number on the left (limit buy orders), the more difficult it is for the market sell orders to get through.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here you can see a representation of the respective sizes within the limit orders. This makes it even easier to identify supply and demand in the market. If one side is particularly strong, it gives an indication of possible absorption or a zone of resistance that cannot be breached.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I have highlighted the strongest sizes in my Times & Sales list. The green color shows above-average limit buy orders and the red color shows above-average limit sell orders. It is clear, that the course respond accordingly. This makes it even easier to identify possible turning points.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I have created a video for you. Let's first look at the essential information for the turning point.

Point A
We see that limit sell orders have been collected.

Point B
This is clearly identifiable in my limit purchase display.

Point C
In a special limit footprint chart, we also recognize the collected limit sell orders.

Point D
The strength of the limit sell order is increasing.

Point E
Limit sell orders were added 8 ticks above the last high, to stop a possible price.

In addition, my 8 different tones give further information that heralds a beginning downward movement.

Inserted Video

Overall, the price ran 35 pip down until it started a trend reversal again around 16:08.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In the chart I have developed a new representation that I would like to introduce to you briefly.

Point A
This is a bar graph that ranges from 0-100%. It shows the amount of market sell orders coming in in the times & sales list .

Point B
This bar graph shows the amount of branded buy orders coming in the times & sales list. Both displays are coordinated and together always result in 100%. However, based on the incoming market orders, one cannot infer a possible further course of the price. As we know, the limit orders are so strong that they can hold up a price.

Point C
Here we can see the strength of the limit buy orders that I created with special filter settings from the best bid.

Point D
Here we can see the strength of the limit sell orders that I created with special filter settings from the Best Ask.

Point E&F
This filter setting cost me a few weeks because I calculated the current strength of the course from the best ask and the best bid. This display gives the clear direction in the current market. For example, if Point C, F & B show a clear strength, the course will go up. As soon as there are deviations in this area, one should be careful. You can see that clearly in the video.

Point G
This representation basically shows the current Times & Sales list. The blue zones mark the equilibrium within this Times & Sales list. The visible numbers are outside the equilibrium and thus give me a clear statement about supply and demand.

Point H
I represented points C, D, E and F with two tones (loud and soft). In the video you can hear the market sell orders on the left channel, which are intercepted by the limit buy orders. You can also hear the market buy orders on the right channel, which are intercepted by the limit sell orders. Interestingly, I don't calculate the tones of the market orders from bid and ask, but from best bid and best ask. The illustration H shows the strength of the respective channel. This representation is still a little too imprecise for me, so next week I'll switch the limit sell orders with the market sell orders to the left channel and the limit buy orders with the market buy orders to the right channel. This should result in a better representation of Point H.

Possibly I will assign the four different order types (market buy, market sell, limit buy, and limit sell) to a respective bar chart and display them in the chart.

The difficulty is that we have four different strengths in the area of the four different order types. You have to put these in relation to each other at any time to find out whether, for example, in an upward movement, the market buy orders are able to break through the limit sell orders. This is basically a four-dimensional representation that is not easy to identify.

Conclusion:

The representations I have shown within my software are not standard settings, so they are unique and there is no comparable view. The development time took a few 1000 hours and gives me the opportunity to identify movements and turning points beforehand. The advantage is only in the millisecond range, but that is enough to achieve significantly better entries and exits. Unfortunately, there are still unclear market situations in which I simply do not understand what is happening. But I am convinced that with the appropriate filter settings, these unclear market situations can also be identified in the future. Unfortunately, there are an infinite number of filter options, so it's only a matter of time.

I wish you a good start into the new trading week

Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #1547 ---
The 3 strategies of the big players

Hello dear subscribers,

12 banks dominate the Forex market to 85%, for this reason I have been trying to identify the tracks of the big players for over 10 years. Perhaps that was the main reason that I reached breakeven relatively quickly at the beginning. First, I had to use the available forex data; it was not possible to identify algorithms because the software I work with today did not yet exist.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Starting in 2008, I started looking more closely at the EURUSD as it was on the way to hitting the all-time high of over 1.60. Since then we have been in a classic downward trend. Interestingly, this was when the volatility was greatest.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The highest volatility was in March 2020, after which the gap (188 pip) from April 2018 was closed and the price went up again. In the past there were also gaps of 500 pip, which repeatedly formed interesting resistance zones and were active for many years. You can see from this that the market also has a memory for price levels that still work decades later. But deriving trading decisions from this is more than speculative. For many years I only traded the sinus curve within an equilibrium, since the big players carried out their collection campaigns there. That was relatively predictable and that was where the probability was highest for me to achieve sustainable profits. I made my biggest breakthrough 2 years ago when I came to the stock market data through the tick charts in the Forex market and started reading out the algorithms of the big players with very complex filter settings.

I would like to briefly summarize my experience from over 40,000 screen hours. Please note that this is only my personal opinion. Discussions about this are inefficient as my opinion has solidified through my experiences over the past few years.

40 important theses for my personal success.

1 There are no typical trends, only movements that result from the current market situation.

2. Downward movements are on average 40% faster than upward movements.

3. Acoustic signals can be perceived 20 times faster than optical signals

4. Although market orders move the market, limit orders dominate the market.

5. Volume and liquidity determine the volatility, the spread and the risk.

6. My deciding factor are the pips per minute.

7. Volume trading is ineffective in both the forex and futures markets

8. The spread is higher in upward movements than in downward movements.

9. The overall risk in the forex market is significantly lower than in the future market.

10. Virtual stops help in Forex to reduce the manipulation of the broker.

11. Currency strengths are more reliable in the forex market.

12. Best of the information is obtained from time and volume independent charts.

13. The equilibrium between best ask and best bid is crucial.

14. If you want to be successful in this market, you need the right technical equipment. (Internet, workstation, screens and software)

15. A successful trader needs to know exactly how the market works. (DoM, Times & Sales List)

16. Every trader should determine his optimal currency pair in order to achieve the highest profit probability.

17. Money management is an important fine-tuning to optimize profits, but it is more crucial to get in and out at the right time.

18. News and price are completely irrelevant to profits.

19. An indicator in Forex primarily only translates the price with a different representation, but has the disadvantage of being lagging.

20. With the identification of the algorithms, one can see into the future for a few milliseconds.

21. The shorter the length of stay in the market, the lower the risk of being stopped out by smaller breakouts.

22. There are no patterns in the price, the candles or the display of indicators.

23. The market makes the news and not the other way around.

24. In 30% of the time there is movement, 70% of the time the market is in an equilibrium.

25. Forex and stock market data must be combined in order to achieve the highest probability of winning.

26. Concentrating on one currency pair is most efficient.

27. Success in trading depends on the effective screen time.

28. It is easier to focus on the 12 biggest big players than on 1 million retail traders.

29. Due to the different algorithms, market technology is now out of date.

30. Smaller iceberg orders dominate the markets today.

31. The retail trader's stops are the most important point to fill the liquidity of the big players.

32. The horizontal and vertical delta limit are a decisive factor in the stock market.

33. Bid and Ask do not decide on the future course of the price, only the Limit orders reach that.

34. There are 2 different bulls and bears fighting each other in the market.

35. The probability of winning in the forex market is 3 times greater with stock market data, than only with forex data.

36. Candles do not give any information about the future price development.

37. There is no top or bottom in the market, so the price is unimportant.

38. Since we retail traders cannot influence the price, we have to let the big players pull us in the right direction.

39. One should trade in the market, where the most sales are made.

40. The big players always work with a similar approach.

In my blog you will find detailed information on all points from post 967 till today.

Forex versus future

The big players can move the markets, but they have a decisive disadvantage compared to us retail traders. A retail trader in the forex market can press Buy or Sell at any time and is in the market with 1 lot. This is because our broker provides the necessary liquidity. A big player in the Forex market trades with a few 100,000 lots and unfortunately these are not immediately available in the market. Therefore, he must first collect this 100,000 lots in order to then bring it to profit. This is one of the reasons why the markets have a 70% sideways movement. There are 3 different ways that the big player uses to realize profits. Let's take a closer look at this now.

Collecting in an accumulation or distribution phase

In 80% of the cases, a collection campaign takes place within an accumulation or distribution phase. The price is kept within a range and the required ask or bid is collected with the help of iceberg orders. The stops of the retail trader are a kind of turbo in order to reach the necessary quantities faster. As soon as the goal is reached, the current market situation decides whether or not to stophunting. If the collection action is completed within an accumulation phase and there are still more buyers in the market at this point, stophunting will take place downwards. Then the course is pushed up. On the way up, the big player has to invest another significant number of asks. Now you have to know that it is much easier for a big player to get into positions than to get out again. The reason for this is very simple. The longer a price goes up, the higher the likelihood that the market will assume a major pullback will occur. If the big player wants to get out of his ask position, he has to find traders who believe that the price will keep going up. The further up a course has gone, the more difficult this situation becomes.

For this reason, the big player uses the pullbacks within the upward movement to sell the ask that helped him push the price up. After all, at a lower price level, he has collected a certain number of asks, which he now wants to bring into profit. If he were to collect the entire ask in the upward movement as well, he might have massive problems near the high to get out of all positions. However, he will only sell the short-term asked ask (to push the price up) if he was able to collect his optimal amount within the accumulation phase. Collecting in an accumulation or distribution phase takes place when the market is in a normal situation. This is 80% the case and is therefore a known practice.

Course push through

In certain market situations it can happen that the big player does not have the time or opportunity to carry out a lengthy collection campaign. Then the course is simply pushed upwards. The algorithms now shoot market buy orders into the market and at the same time withdraw the limit sell orders that were previously placed on the market. The price shoots up and the short trader's stops help accelerate the price upwards. At some point the price slows down because retail traders are no longer willing to place further buy orders. The price is slowing down and the first sellers are entering the market. The big player now intercepts these sellers with his limit buy orders and can buy further Ask. Then the algorithms start pushing the price up again and the stops of the short traders accelerate the movement upwards. This strategy includes what is known as an average calculation. Let us assume that the price moves up by 100 ticks and in this way the big player invests 1000 lots. If he manages to get out of his ask position after 100 ticks, it is exactly as if he had collected 1000 lots at a certain price level and then pushed the price up by 50 ticks. This approach is often used in somewhat uncertain market conditions or in situations where the big player has little time.

Buy up your own volume

A somewhat more risky option that a big player can use arises in times when there is hardly any volume in the market. Since a big player collects ask or bids via his iceberg orders in most cases, he is automatically dependent on volume (market orders). In order to collect this volume more quickly, in most cases he uses the stops of the retail traders. However, if the current market situation is so weak that a below-average number of market orders come into the market, this can lead to the big player making volume available to itself. To do this, he first selects a certain price level, which he places an extremely large limit sell order on. Then he pushes the price to this price level, and his algorithms shoot an extremely high number of market buy orders into the market. These market buy orders are now absorbed by their own limit sell orders. At this price level he has now acquired 1000 Lot Ask and 1000 Lot Bid. The retail traders can now see that a large position of market buy orders has entered the market. They are all trying to take a buy position right away. The big player is now pushing the price down and the long trader's stops help him to accelerate the price down. At the low, an equilibrium arises, where the big player exits his short position and at the same time builds a new ask position. Then he pushes the price ten ticks above the price level where he has made liquidity available to himself. Retail traders know that 10 ticks below this price level is an extremely large ask position and are now expecting a stronger upward movement. The big player uses the fact that an extremely large number of buyers are now entering the market to get out of his ask position. Then the big player is out of the market.

These are the three main ways a big player uses to realize their winnings. First and foremost, he will use the accumulation or distribution phases to collect his orders in peace. However, he needs an average market situation and enough time for this. If one of these things is not given, he has the opportunity to push through the course or to provide liquidity himself. These two alternatives have the advantage that they require significantly less time, but they involve a significantly higher risk potential. Now one could assume that a big player in an uncertain market situation has the possibility of not entering into any trade. However, this is not an option for the big player. We all know that the money the big players own is not their property, but belongs to different investors who expect a certain return. Money that is not invested in the market can therefore not yield any returns. The largest banks generate up to 60% of their balance sheet profits from the Forex market. Money that is not invested in the market is dead capital and that's why it needs to be invested. However, the big players think carefully about the possibilities with which they can achieve the highest probability of winning.

Big players experience the greatest stress when they exit their positions, because after all, this exit decides on the daily return on their capital. After an accumulation phase, the course is pushed up. If you take a closer look at the high of a price trend in the futures market, you will find that it is not possible for a big player to get out of his position with 1000 lots. For this very reason, the big player gets out of his position shortly before the high. Most of the time, we can then see that the price continues to move up for a while before it finally changes into a downward movement.

Of the twelve big players who control 85% of the market, only the first three have extremely high capital. Smaller big players who are active in the market must have an emergency plan for their exit. A smaller big player collected 1000 Lot Ask in an accumulation phase and then pushed the price higher. Now he begins to exit his position with his limit sell orders within the upward movement. Now suddenly a bigger big player comes into the market, who pushing the price down. The smaller big player who wants to get out of his ask position would now be left behind and give up massive profits. For this reason, an equilibrium is first created where the smaller big player tries to get out of his position. In the extreme case, he has to give back a large part of his winnings, especially when a bigger player comes and uses a "course through strategy".

Many traders have suspected for years that the big players form a kind of consortium and therefore work together. However, this is a fallacy because if you work together you have to share the profit. The real reason why the big players so rarely compete is the fact that they see exactly what the other big players are investing. So if a big player collects massive ask within an accumulation phase, there will hardly be another big player who collects bids in the same period. Of course, this inevitably leads to an involuntary collaboration, but this has the disadvantage of sharing the profit. Since every big player wants to achieve the highest possible profits, everyone tries to implement their own strategy as far as possible. Since around 20,000,000 lots are invested in Forex EURUSD per day, there are enough opportunities for many big players. Since we retail traders are unable to influence the market, we first have to find out which of the three strategies is currently being used in the market. Of course, it is also extremely important whether this is an accumulation or a distribution phase.

Conclusion:

As we can see, it is not easy for the big players to make their daily profits either. While they can influence the market in their favor at any time, they may have massive exit problems and need at least a few hours to collect their required contracts. Even though you collect your contracts with the help of iceberg orders, you still leave interesting traces that we retail traders can identify in our favor. The main part of the strategies take up the accumulation and distribution phases. This strategy is the easiest to identify. As soon as a big player makes liquidity available to himself, it is initially unclear in which direction he will push the course first. However, we then have a clear certainty that at some point he will have to return to the price level where he made liquidity available to himself. The most unclear situation is when a big player just starts pushing the course. If you couldn't make out a clear accumulation or distribution phase beforehand, you can be picked up.

As a scalper, I'm on the move at very short notice, but it is also extremely helpful there when you know exactly what is happening in the market. But even with accumulation or distribution phases you can very quickly make mistakes. I still remember February 2020 in EURUSD very well. The price went down and was in the process of closing the April 2018 gap. The big players had already collected a large number of limit sell orders within a distribution phase. So all traffic lights were on green in order to close the gap completely. However, the majority of all retail traders also assumed it and took a short position. The big players simply sold their short positions to the retail traders and then pushed the price 740 pips upwards. Nobody would have expected that.

Only then did the course run down and close the gap completely. Then the price went up 1400 pips. This shows that the big players are able to react very quickly to current situations. Those who are able to recognize this situation with the help of their software have a considerable market advantage over all other market participants. In order to trade profitably in the long term, one has to use the market advantages for oneself. These market advantages cannot be identified on the basis of news, the price or indicators, but only with a special instinct and software that shows you exactly what is happening in the market. Only those who are willing to train themselves daily in this market will one day have the chance to be a profitable trader. The chance of becoming a successful trader in the long term is 1 in 50. Incidentally, you need the same probability to reach three right numbers in the german lottery (6 out of 49). It's difficult, but not impossible.

Good luck this week.

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1548 ---
Outstanding post as always, Michael. Thank you for your time.

--- 帖子 #1549 ---
40 important theses

Hello Lem,

I thank you for your kind words. I thought for a long time whether I should publish my last post at all, because my 40 important theses contain some factors that are not easy to digest. If I had read these theses as a beginner back then, I don't know whether that would have motivated me to continue on this path in the Forex market. On the other hand, my theses could also help some traders develop new ideas from them in order to advance in the forex market.

The 3 strategies of the big players

In the next few days I will publish a post where I will show how one can significantly increase his probability of winning with scalping. In addition, we will talk about the market of the future. We currently have a very special situation in the market that brings a lot of uncertainty. The US elections are just around the corner, the Corona numbers are rising again extremely, in Germany there is already the next lockdown and other countries will follow. This could lead to a reduction in liquidity in many markets, as many banks cannot participate in trading with their entire team. The volume could increase as many retail traders are at home due to the lockdowns. That would increase the volatility extremely and thus affect the probability of winning. We may even see some exchanges shut down their servers to briefly suspend trading, I hope not that this will happen. After a storm there is always calmer waters, I hope that we can reach this situation quickly.

Take care of yourself.

Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #1550 ---
Scalping with algorithms

Hello dear subscribers,

When I started trading, I never thought it could be this difficult. If one read the posts of brokers or the self-proclaimed trader coaches, one u think trading is as easy to learn as driving a car. I got my driver's license 37 years ago, during this time I drove 2,000,000 km, was able to complete some driving safety trainings and drove around 300 times over the Nürburgring (race track) to improve my driving skills. At the time I thought I am a good driver, until one day I drove as a passenger, with a Porsche Cup racing driver, across the Nürburgring. It was then that I realized that I could move my car, but that I was far from being a professional driver. It was similar when I got to know the way a high-frequency trader works 1.5 years ago. Here is the full report:

Learning from high frequency dealers

According to the testimony of professional traders, there are very few traders who become successful without a DoM or Times & Sales list. That motivated me because I was trading profitably without a DoM or Times & Sales List and expected an above-average increase in my success if I managed to use these instruments correctly. Switching from the Forex market to the DoM and the Times & Sales List in the Future Market is roughly comparable to getting out of a car and enter in the cockpit of an airplane. You sit there, stare at the DoM and T&S, wondering whether you've picked the right job. In the car you have to consider 2 dimensions, in the airplane 3 dimensions and in the stock market 4 dimensions in order to be successful. This is a special challenge that requires certain cognitive skills. In addition, one has to deal with dry theory about the formation of stock prices in order to understand how the markets work. At the beginning of my trading career, I had imagined it completely differently than I trusted the statements of brokers and the self-appointed trader coaches.

Anyone who claims, trading is very easy, has no feeling about the business, or he just don't like learning the enormous amount of dry stock market theory. Yes, I was lucky to lose little money right from the start and to reach my breakeven point after 2-3 years in order to trade profitably afterwards. But I never had the feeling that I was trading profitably based on my knowledge or experience, but attributed it solely to chance or luck. In the search for the big player algorithms I have recognized in the last 12 months that only the time and volume-independent charts are able to make visual and acoustic patterns visible with the help of certain filter settings. Interestingly, these patterns keep cropping up regularly in certain situations. In the DoM you can see how the limit buy orders on the best bid side and the limit sell orders on the best ask side are being eaten up by the market orders. Two numbers appear at the top of the Times and Sales list (Best Bid and Best Ask) that change so quickly that you can hardly read them. This is the eye of the tornado and that's the closest to the market. My software that I work with is effective and the best for my type of trading, but it too is already reaching its limits for my requirements. However, with the help of my own programming knowledge, I can break these limits. This is very complex and time-consuming, but the results speak for themselves.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here we see a time frame of 6 hours in the EURUSD M1. The individual lines show a distance of 1 pip, which must also be factored in as a spread. A retail trader who works without indicators is trying to place a trade.

Point A

First of all, a small equilibrium occurs over a few minutes and an artificially created resistance zone forms.

Point B

Suddenly there is a stophunting down and the course quickly returns to the starting point.

Point C

The trader suspects that the long traders should be switched off with stop hunting and now waits to see whether the price overcomes the small resistance zone. Exactly there he opens his trade with the following options. It is a market buy order of 1 lot with a stop of 5 pip. The risk / reward ratio should be 1: 2, regardless of the spread. He expects to make a profit of $ 100 and is ready to make a loss of $ 50.

Point D

Since he has placed a market buy order at Point C, he only enters the market at Point D due to the spread of 1 pip.

Point E

The next 20 minutes are going very well for him, with the high at $ 58.

Point F

For the next 62 minutes the price slowly declined and at the low his position was in the red at $ 29. The trader suspects another pullback here, within an upward movement.

Point G

In fact, the price is now rising more strongly and the trader hits the high 29 minutes later with a possible profit of $ 87. Since he knows that a movement runs in waves, he now expects a pullback again.

Point H

The minor pullback comes and 17 minutes later he's still up at $ 20.

Point I

In the next 17 minutes the price rises again and is now ahead at $ 68.

Point J

At first there is a small equilibrium at Point I, then the course slowly descends. The trader suspects that there will now be a larger pullback before the price accelerates sharply upwards. Shortly before his breakeven, the price drops a little more and he briefly considers whether he should perhaps get out of the position after all. He decides against it because he suspects that the course will turn up again near Point F. Unfortunately, the course continues to run down and shortly before it is stopped, he briefly considers whether he should give the course a little more air and extend the stop. Since he has had bad experiences with it in the past, he leaves the stop there. After a total of 3 hours he is stopped with 5 pips and has a loss of $ 50.

I don't care whether the beginner's approach is right or wrong. Of course, you can always find out afterwards what could have been done better. In theory, you can't make a mistake, because in the Forex market you can't know in which direction the price will move in the future. One can at most guess it and thus the profit or loss lies within a certain probability.

You would have had chances in this chart image, because there is a range of 15 pips between the high and the low. I just want to show that it is not that easy for most traders to trade profitably. Of course, this is an equilibrium in the chart, but this can only be determined when it has already arisen. This situation that we see here is an everyday situation, because 70% of price movements take place within an equilibrium.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

At the beginning of my trading career, I made similar mistakes and hoped for stronger moves in the market with my money management. When I discovered that the markets were 70% sideways, I aligned my strategies with that. I would like to describe three different situations in which the risk and the possible profit are identical in each case.

Situation 1

I have already described the following situation in detail. The stop is 5 pips and the TP is 10 pips. The decisive factor is the equilibrium, with the yellow arrow and the subsequent stophunting in order to eliminate the long traders. This gives you the opportunity to enter the market at Point A. Of course, there is also the possibility of entering the market at Point C, but this involves certain dangers. As we know, a so-called chain reaction occurs when stophunting. The big player pushes the price down and the first stops of the long traders are triggered. Depending on how many traders have come into the market at that time, the further down the chain reaction can run. This is also called the typical handle in a falling knife. That's why I would rather get into the running movement within a stophunting than in the opposite direction.

Situation 2

As before, our starting point is the yellow arrow followed by stophunting. At point A, I enter the market with a market buy order of 2.5 lots. The stop is 2 pip, the TP is 4 pip, which also corresponds to a risk-reward ratio of 1: 2. Depending on the entry point, my position can go down by up to $ 40, but the goal of $ 100 would be reached after just 16 minutes.

Situation 3

Here we even wait until the price has risen another pip and only then start trading. Here, too, the position could go down by up to $ 40 but after 13 minutes the target of $ 100 would be reached. The greatest risk with this approach lies in the ATR, which is able to reach a small stop faster. For this reason, back when I was trading exclusively in the Forex market, I focused on the key candles that gave me a good market insight. Of course, those key candles didn't protect me from being stopped out regularly. In my first example, the trader could have exited after 2 hours with a TP of $ 87. This waiting time was far too long for me, which is why I decided at the time to reach my profit after 15 minutes. My focus was primarily on reducing my stops in order to reach the TP faster. With the help of scaling, I was able to determine the level of risk and profit.

Today my stop is 1 to 2 pip and that means that after I enter, the price has to move in my direction immediately. Of course, I am sometimes wrong or get stopped out, but my approach creates many opportunities that I can use every day. In principle, I concentrate on the small outbreaks within an M1 candle, although I do not trade with M1 candles, as I only have the algorithms from the DoM and the Times and Sales list in view. The new tones that I have programmed also help me to get important information about the current market.

Here is a trading example from today, with my current main screen. I completely changed the tones for it. On the left loudspeaker you can now hear the market sell orders and the limit sell orders. On the right channel you can hear the market buy orders and the limit buy orders. Since I arranged the limit orders on the opposite side beforehand, the tone sequence was a bit strange for me. I have precisely adjusted the volume of the 8 different tones on the ask and bid side. In the middle you can see a decibel knife that shows the exact strength of the ask and bid side.

Inserted Video

Price was just about 16 pip down and I was straightening my chart when I saw some buying information. I initially waited for the first small upward surge and a brief market calm in order to be able to enter with a small spread. I only had a stop of 2 pip and was happy to enter the market at 13:42:07 with a spread of 0.5 pip. This gave me a stop of 1.5 pip. You can see that more bids than ask came into the market at this point, but the limit buy orders were designed to absorb the bid. Since we were in a major downward movement, I knew that the upward movement would only reach a few pips. I stayed in the trade for 85 seconds and got out when the sell limit orders increased massively in strength. I could have achieved 25% more pip, but I'm rather conservative. After 85 seconds I was in the profit with 2.8 pip. Since the M1 averages 1.5 pip / min, I achieved 33% more with 2 pip / min. My risk was $ 180 and the profit was $ 252. That's an RRR of 1.4. A short time later, the downward movement would have overrun me and I would have been stopped. A few minutes later I took once again a small upward movement of 3 pips with me and almost got out of the trade with pinpoint accuracy. As a day trader, I would have suffered massive losses in this situation. I recommend every trader to reduce the stop to a minimum, as this allows smaller sideways markets to be traded more efficiently. 70% of the time the market will be sideways, that's what I would focus on. But without the appropriate software and stock market data, trading in the Forex market is a pure game of chance.

My development towards a seconds scalper, with the help of stock market data, has brought decisive advantages for me. Since there are more small breakouts in the market than larger upward or downward movements, this creates a lot of opportunities for me every day. Additionally, I don't have to wait long to realize my winnings. Within 1 minute it is clear whether I was right or wrong. Because of my ability to scale, I theoretically don't have to place more trades than a day trader. The most important benefit, however, lies in the fact that I no longer have the feeling that my winnings are entirely due to luck. With the help of my programmed tones and the identification of the big player algorithms, I am often able to look a few milliseconds into the future. I can use this situation to my advantage to place an appropriate trade. As soon as I'm in the trade and the small breakout reaches my profit target, that's no reason to get out. If the algorithms tell me that the course is still going in my direction, I will stay in the market until I get contrary information. This also sometimes makes it possible to achieve a RRR of 1:10 or more and even within an equilibrium or a sideways phase.

In fact, I am actually trading for 10-20 minutes a day. Many years ago that was a few hours. I can use the free time to further optimize the identification of the algorithms. In the background I hear my programmed tones and I immediately hear when things get interesting. Because of this, I don't have to stare at my screen all day. The approach of the big players is also a decisive factor. In my last post, I described the three effective entrances for the big players. You can find the article here:

The 3 strategies of the big players

The market of the future

The markets have changed dramatically in the past five years, as has been clearly felt by Goldman Sachs, for example, as they halved their daily profits. In order to be at the top again, however, they will have to upgrade significantly over the next few years. This upgrade can only be done with the help of algorithms. Everyone can work out for themselves where that leads. Market technology has already reached its limits and volume traders now have fewer opportunities. Next, the DoM and time and sales traders will have problems, because the algorithms are able to change supply and demand so extremely that the advantage in the DoM is significantly reduced. In my opinion, in a few years, algorithms will completely dominate the markets. The future will belong to those who are able to read these algorithms. There will be a new form of algorithm traders that completely overturns today's understanding of the markets. It should be perfectly clear that this will massively reduce the probability of winning. Since I still want to be active in this market ten years from now, I have already decided today to decipher the algorithms. We will know in ten years at the latest whether this decision was the right one or not. But no matter how it ends, learning and acquiring knowledge has never been a bad decision.

I wish you a successful trading week

Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #1551 ---
Election in America

Hello dear subscribers,

An exciting election night is behind us and at this point in time the winner has not yet been determined. If you compare the price development from Nov 2016 with the price development last night, from the trader's perspective it looks as if Biden could win the election. We'll see which candidate the voters chose. In addition to the exciting question of who will win the election, the course in the euro USD was much more decisive for me.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here we see the course of the last trading day in EURUSD (Point A) and the course of the election night (Point B)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

With a range of 170 pip in the Asian market, election night 2020 is a long way off from election night 2016 (over 500 pip). The last major movement within the Asian market took place in March 2020, when the price rose sharply after the gap was closed (from April 2018).

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

It is noticeable that the liquidity has been massively reduced, at 05:22 CET the limit orders on the ask and bid side were around 140 lots. This shows that the big players have withdrawn almost entirely from the market. Yesterday the liquidity of the limit orders was 450 lots, which is also relatively little. If the big players have collected their orders within an accumulation or distribution phase, the liquidity values are between 600-1000 lots on the ask and bid side. The greater the amount of liquidity, the greater the willingness to defend certain price levels. Many big players seem to have left their positions yesterday. But that doesn't have to mean that certain swing trades that were placed at lower price levels are now completely defenseless. I believe that at these lower price levels, there could be higher limits buy orders that would intercept the price in the event of a massive price drop. Due to the low liquidity, there was higher volatility during the night.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Let's take a closer look at this in an M5 chart.

Point A

During the day there was normal volatility that lasted until 10:00 p.m.

Point B

At around 10:00 p.m. you could already see that the volatility increased somewhat in places. From there on, the liquidity also decreased massively.

Point C

You can clearly see that by the daily close of the last trading day, most of the big players had withdrawn from trading.

Point D

At the same time, the volume of market buy orders increased tenfold during this period. Because there was relatively little liquidity in the market, there were now larger price movements.

Point E

The effects of these price movements can be seen very well on the chart.

This situation is a nice representation of the forecast I made a few days ago. If, due to the individual shutdowns of the corona crisis, all of the big players can no longer be in the market, liquidity will suffer. At the same time, the shutdown will allow more retail traders to participate in market events, which could have a similar effect. Here you can see a short video excerpt.

Inserted Video

In the video you can see the effects of the lack of liquidity very well. There is hardly any equilibrium in the high values in the Best Ask and Best Bid area, as there is too little liquidity. Therefore, there are also few tones. The price fluctuations are therefore more difficult to predict. Perhaps the big players could draw some insights from such a situation that they could use later for further strategy. Removing liquidity from the market could absorb stops from retail traders even faster. This can significantly reduce the time of collecting campaigns.

Of course, in such a situation there are extremely good chances of taking quick profits, but at the same time the risk increases enormously. The big players remaining in the market can no longer collect their orders at tight price levels due to the high volatility. The strategy used here may be to simply push the course through. I have already described this strategy and you can find the article here.

The 3 strategies of the big players

A high volume and at the same time low liquidity also attract some high-frequency traders who withdraw massive profits from the market within seconds. The less liquidity there is in the market, the less predictable the situation is. It is possible that the situation will calm down significantly in the next few days, but one should always pay attention to the level of liquidity in the market. The greater this liquidity, the greater the security in the market. However, this always depends on the current volume.

I wish everyone a good choice exit and good trading success

Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #1552 ---
New video is online

Hello dear algorithms traders,

on September 20th I published my first detailed video in German. Even though I shortened this video significantly, it was still 38 minutes long. In this video I give a brief overview of my approach and the future content that a trader can expect.

Inserted Video
What content you can expect on this channel in the future!

Since I had a lot of work in the area of algorithms in the last few weeks, I was unfortunately only able to publish my second video 6 weeks later. This video is about the differences between the Forex and Future markets and how I strategically proceeded to double my chance of winning in the Forex market.

Inserted Video
How to double the probability of winning in the Forex market!

Again, I tried to reduce the content to the essentials, and this time I managed to get under 30 minutes. I know that people are short on time, so I'll be working on making the videos even more efficient in the future. Nevertheless, I hope that you will take some important information with you and I would be happy if my videos help you further. If you do not speak German, you can have the videos translated into your language on YouTube. Many of the pictures in the video are in English, this is an additional help.

I wish you a lot of fun

Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #1553 ---
Moin Michael.

Gut gemacht/ Excellent work.

Ich wünsche dir viel Erfolg.

Guido

--- 帖子 #1554 ---
3 bad trades

Hello dear subscribers,

As promised, I am posting 3 trades today, which I gave very bad marks in the end. A profit was made and no trade went into the stop, but the timing was catastrophic. In the last few weeks I have had the opportunity to equip a main chart with other interesting charts that help me in daily trading. On my main screen there are 70 different charts with over 1000 different filter settings. Over 90% of the charts are not a standard view because I have changed the structures considerably. The actual goal is to identify the algorithms that are ultimately responsible for each course.

The last trading day on Friday had a range of around 40 pip and was in an upward movement during the day. With around 500 lots on the ask and bid side, the liquidity was more in the average range; the daily volume of just under 86,000 lots was well below the average of 150,000 lots. The liquidity was thus significantly greater than the volume. As a result, the daily volatility only reached a below-average range.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here you can see the trading screen 5 seconds before my first long trade.

Point A

To the left of Point A you can see a blue resistance zone that I drew in earlier. At first it looks like the price has not reached this resistance zone, but that is not entirely correct. The chart is a cumulative chart from 10 lots. To the right of Point A is a market delta chart in the M5. Here you can clearly see that the course has run into my resistance zone. I will explain again in another video why I work with these different chart views.

Point B

In the heat map I marked two green zones with the yellow arrow that had a decisive influence. The big players have already placed their iceberg orders in the market 20 minutes before the price entered this zone in order to catch the price in this price zone.

Point C

Here we can see that a large number of limit orders came into the market. With this, the big players simultaneously place their iceberg orders in the front waiting position of the limit orders. The fictional iceberg orders we see here were only used to intercept a strong bearish movement. This would have happened if further stops had been triggered by long traders under my yellow arrow. Since the course was already below the yellow arrow, I assumed that there were no more decisive stops there.

Point D

Here we see a representation of the strengths of best bid and best ask. In principle, the best bid and best ask are still in a kind of equilibrium, with the limit buy orders being somewhat stronger.

Point E

Here we can see that the limit buy side is increasing significantly, which suggests an upward movement.

Point F

In the DoM, there are already more market buy orders than market sell orders.

Point G

Unfortunately, at this point in time, the limit sell orders, hold up the market buy orders.

If an equilibrium arises within the algorithms, it is not exactly advantageous to enter, but 5 seconds later I made the decision to enter a long trade.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The course moved within equilibrium for another 2 minutes and then went up more strongly. Because once again I couldn't wait, I entered the market 2 minutes early.

Point A

During the upward movement I was able to determine that larger limit sell orders tried to intercept the price with the help of the iceberg orders. For me that was a clear signal to leave.

Point B

In the area of best ask and best bid, it still looked positive for a further upward movement.

Point C

My movement strength indicator was bullish.

Point D and E

I also recognized a balance between the best bid and best ask that prompted me to quit.

Point F

Here I could see that the big players withdrew some limit buy orders, which is often a sign that the price is being pushed down for a short time. So after 3:30 minutes I was out of my trade again, unfortunately for 2 minutes I took an incalculable risk.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here we can see that my exit was optimally chosen, as a small equilibrium had formed afterwards. Now the course continued towards high.

Point A

I had already drawn the rough resistance zone beforehand, but what happened at Point B was much more important.

Point B

11 minutes before the price reached the point B zone, further iceberg orders were placed on the market with above-average limit orders. The goal was: to intercept market buy orders in order to then push the price down again.

Point C

I initially marked this price line as a target, as the price should be intercepted there again.

Point D

Here we see the market delta in the 5 minute range, we see that suddenly strong market sell orders are coming into the market.

Point E

While the strength of the limit buy orders decreases, the strength of the limit sell orders increases.

Point F

We can see a clear increase in limit sell orders.

Point G

In the DoM, the number of market sell orders increases and so does the strength.

Point H

At the same time I could see that the limit sell orders intercept the market buy orders.

First of all, I assumed that the big players would bring the price above the high again to stop the short traders. But since we were in an upward movement, this was not necessary at this point. That was the reason I decided to do a short trade here.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Point A

At first the course went down and at 15:53:07 I had my finger on the trigger to get out.

Point B and C

My goal was at Point C, but Point B showed me that there could be another upward movement.

Point D E F

Basically, the downward direction looked very positive.

Point G and H

There was already a slight upward movement, but I was ready to take the risk.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Point A

At first the price went up again and in the forex market we can see that the currency strength showed an advantage in the bullish area.

Point B

Here we can see that suddenly strong market sell orders have entered the market.

Point C

At the same time, the chart showed me an increase in limit sell orders. That was a clear sign that the upward course would be caught. For this reason I decided to take another short trade.

Point D

Here, too, we can see that the limit sell orders are gaining strength.

Point E

At the same time I could see that the big players had removed their limit buy orders from the market. You only do that to push a course down.

Point F

The strength in the bearish area increased massively.

Point G

My latest exit was at Point G.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The course was now slowly going down and at 15:57:54 we came to a crucial point where I had to make a decision.

Point A

I made a decisive mistake here, because at first I wondered why there are still iceberg orders at this price level. However, that was still the past, because a few seconds before I realized that the big player limit buy orders had withdrawn. Still, I got out and didn't reach my goal at Point B. At points C, D, E, F, and G it gave clear signs for a further downward run, but at this moment I let point A confuse me.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In fact, I could have achieved two more pips, but you can see from the course of the course that the course was pushed up again very quickly. The target of Point B was reached.

Let us now come to the evaluation of my three trades

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Point A

I completed my three trades with a spread of 0.8, 0.7 and 0.5. That means that I had a stop of 1.2 pip in the first trade, a stop of 1.3 pip in the second trade and a stop of 1.5 pip in the last trade. Given that we had an ATR of 2.6 at that point, the stop was below average. My basic assessment was therefore correct.

Point B

Each trade had a maximum risk of $ 140. The gross risk / reward ratio relates to the profit and the stop. The spread is included in the net risk / reward ratio.

Point C

One of my main goals is to get 1.5 pip per minute. I missed this goal. All three trades ran for a total of 15:46 minutes and in that time I was able to hit 10.2 pips. 0.65 pip per minute is a bad result.

Point D

In the first trade, I hit a bad spread, entered too early, and didn't hit my pip per minute target. In the second trade the entry was too early and there I did not reach my pip target per minute. In the last trade I did not reach my goal in the following points: total pip, pip per minute and risk / reward ratio. Out of 21 points I was only able to achieve 13 points, which corresponds to a grade of D- in America or a grade of 5 in Germany. That would have failed me in the exam.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

As I wrote earlier, I wanted to get out of my trade at 15:53:07, but I took the risk anyway. I learned from this that I will follow my intuition in the future.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

If I had followed my intuition, the result would have been different:

Point A

Initially, I would only have placed two trades and not three.

Point B

With the two trades I would have achieved 50% more in the pip / minute range. Of course, instead of $ 714, I would only have made $ 462. As stupid as it sounds, I would have much preferred that, since I would have worked with a higher level of efficiency. If I made $ 462 in 7:45 minutes, I should have made over $ 900 in 15:46 minutes. But I only got $ 714. From my point of view, I took an unnecessary risk.

Point D

The rating of the first trade would not have changed, but the second trade would have. However, my overall result would have been significantly better. Overall, I would have achieved grade C or, in Germany, grade 3. While I won $ 714 on my three trades, I failed my exam. For this reason, I would have preferred to make only $ 462 and get a clean trade with less risk.

Here I recorded my three trades on video

Inserted Video

So it's not about earning as much as possible, but rather getting the most out of it with the least risk. And that is exactly what I did not succeed in doing with my three trades this time. But that's not a big deal if one learn from it and implement this knowledge in the future. I learned from this to continue to listen to my intuition in the future and to pay attention to the charts more effectively and more precisely. It is precisely for this reason that it is important to check your trading daily and to evaluate yourself critically. This is the only way to improve in the future in order to achieve even more efficient goals.

I wish you a successful trading week

Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #1555 ---
Hi

Thanks for your time and effort to share your findings.

Trade well / Mos

--- 帖子 #1556 ---
My first voice videos

Hello Guido,

Thank you very much for your kind words, producing the videos was more effort than I would have expected at first. When I cut my first video, I found it was just under 39 minutes long. The next video should be much shorter, but in the end it turned out to be 29 minutes, although I had already reduced it to the essentials.The problem is that there is not yet a comparable procedure in retail, as my charts are individually filtered and do not correspond to the standard. Thus there is no reference for the viewer to refer to. If one used a Fibonacci e.g., the viewer knows what is meant. A delta limit chart I work with did not exist before, so one have to go into it in more detail to explain it exactly.

We work in an area that requires a lot of explanation, so the length of the videos is less important than the content. The traders who are interested in this area will take a closer look at it in order to get ideas for their own trading. I'm just getting started with videos, but I think they'll get better over time. My standards are very high because I try to convey a very complex subject as simply as possible.

For this reason, I opened a new YouTube channel to post videos that build on each other. You can find the channel here:

Bionics Forex Algorithms

https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCCb...zsD2soUtb0CTqA

I have enough topics for videos, the challenge is to find the right order. Let's see if I can do that.

I wish you a successful trade and please stay healthy.

Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #1557 ---
3 bad trades

Hello Mos,

Thank you very much for your kind words, I was very happy about it. Basically, during the day, I try to record my trades to improve my entries and exits. That is why a recording program often runs in the background and records everything. On Friday I actually wanted to produce a voice video from my 3 bad trades, but first decided to post in Forex Factory.

3 bad trades

Five years ago, I would still have thought that these 3 trades went quite well because I was not stopped out and made a profit in the end. But from today's point of view, these 3 trades were a big disaster, because I took too much risk. My wife was happy with the result, but it was not enough for me. It is not important to earn as much money as possible, but to achieve the goals with the least risk. And that is the greatest challenge in this market.

I prefer a comprehensible loss to a surprising gain. I can avoid a comprehensible loss in the future, a surprising gain cannot be repeated because it is based on chance. Of course, you can optimize the probability of winning in trading with strategic money management. But to focus solely on that is an admission that all trade is built on chance. The strategies of the big players are not based on chance, but on a calculable constant. The pattern sequences for this can only be found in the algorithms and not in the price, the candles or in indicators. For this I use charts that work independent of time and volume.

Quantum physics has long since found its way into the stock exchanges, but Fourier spectra and correlations between price fluctuations and volatilities do not help me to generate risk assessments or forecasts. Because this view also only brings a random result in the end and is unsuitable for seconds trading. Likewise, the percolation theory is only dependent on probabilities and thus only random in the end.

When I see a vehicle that is moving, I don't want to calculate a probability in order to assess where it's going, but rather I have to find out who is at the wheel and in which direction he are steering at that moment. This is a big challenge, but in the end it can reduce the chance of chance. However, at the last moment the driver can still turn the steering wheel to change direction. But even this spontaneous reaction cannot be predicted with the best probability calculation.

The goal is to be as close as possible to the market in order to get the fastest information. I will deal with this intensively for the next few years, let's see where this path leads me.

Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #1558 ---
2 good trades in 2 minutes

Hello dear subscribers,

In my last post I showed you three different trades that went well in terms of quantity, but were of poor quality. Today I would like to show you two trades that were excellent in terms of both quantity and quality.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

This picture was taken a few seconds before my first trade and I want to show you some aspects of why I entered this trade.

Point A

As of 8:00 a.m. this morning, the price was on a downward trend. Around 10:00 a.m. there was an upward movement for 1 hour. I once drew two lines for you to mark this upward movement. Basically, I don't work with such lines, because you can't deduce future movements from them. It was interesting to see that a larger number of asks were collected in the future market within this upward movement.

Point B

From 11:00 a.m., the course then went down more sharply and finally accelerated at Point B. In this area, I was looking for the optimal entry point for me.

Point C, D, E

At Point C & D, stronger iceberg orders were placed in the market 30 minutes beforehand in order to intercept the stops of the long traders. The price was pushed down and most long traders stopped at point D. The price ran up to Point E and you can clearly see that the volume of the stopped long traders decreased significantly.

Point F, G

In my cumulative trades chart (Point F) the limit buy orders are shown in the delta, which absorb at least ten lots within 1/1000 of a second. In addition, at Point G, I have listed the market orders in a delta display. These are the stops of the long traders, which, interestingly, are almost completely absorbed by the cumulative limit buy orders.

Point H

Here we see a graphic representation of the limit buy orders, you can see the strength with which they absorb the market sell orders.

Point I

In this chat I determine the equilibrium between the Limit Sell / Market Buy and Limit Buy / Market Sell orders. Here I could see that there was a greater equilibrium in the area of the best bid.

Point J

We can also clearly see that the strength in the Best Ask area has increased significantly. That's why I entered the market a second later.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

First, let's take a look at an overview specially created by me. The green circles represent limit buy orders, provided that they have accumulated a certain minimum number of brand sell orders. The red circles represent limit sell orders, provided that they have accumulated a certain minimum number of market buy orders. The larger the circle, the greater the absorption of the market orders.

Point A

Here we see that a larger number of Ask were absorbed, which means that the dollar was bought here.

Point B

At first the price went down and there was a small pullback to the upside. In this brief upward movement, the dollar was massively bought.

Point C

The price went down, we are already seeing the first dollar sales and partial exits at Point C.

Point D

The dollar was bought again, but in a much smaller form.

Point E

In this somewhat stronger downward movement we can now see very strong exits from the dollar. At the low of Point E, the first euro purchases were made.

Point F

Initially, the course ran upwards in the range that I had already drawn in the previous slide. In this upward movement, massive Ask was collected.

Point G

From here there was one more stophunting down to absorb the stops of the long traders. This enabled the big players at Point H to buy the euro even more cheaply.

Point H

Here we can see that a massive number of asks were collected again. At Point I & J we see how the euro is being bought. From Point H, the price went up a total of 30 pips until 5:00 p.m. Point H's low was my preferred entry point.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

At point A, I entered the market and 6 seconds later I placed another trade because I received clear signals. After about two and a half minutes I had this chart image in front of my eyes. That was about 10 seconds before I got out at Point B.

Point C

First, I registered that iceberg orders were placed at Point C at several price levels in order to intercept the market buy orders.

Point D

We recognize the first equilibrium in the area of the best ask. There is still no danger as there is also an equilibrium in the Best Bid area.

Point E

The strength in the Best Ask area still dominates the market, but there is already a significant increase in the Best Bid area. The stronger the best bid, the harder it is for the market buy orders to get through.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Let's first look at the summary of the two trades.

Point A

Although there was high volatility in the stop hunting down, I got into the market well with my first trade with a spread of 0.6. This gave me a stop of 1.4 pip. When I got the second signal, I couldn't wait long, so I had to accept a spread of 1.0. That was very unfortunate because it resulted in a stop of 1.0 pip.

Point B

The gross risk / reward ratio was higher on the second trade due to the larger spread. The first trade was significantly better and had a net risk / reward ratio of 3.

Point C

The number of pips within 2.5 minutes was fine.

Point D

My ultimate goal is at least 1.5 pip per minute, which I was able to clearly exceed.

Point E

The values achieved here were more than satisfactory for me. 2.18 pip per minute is a very good value.

Point F

The only point deduction is because I accepted a spread that was too high when I started. This time I was able to achieve 13 points out of 14 attainable points. Therefore, there is a significantly better grade for this trade than the 3 trades in my last post.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

When I got the signal for my second trade, I didn't think twice and immediately entered the trade without paying any attention to the spread. Because of this, I almost got stopped out, but I was very lucky. If I had waited a bit after the signal I would have been able to enter the market with 0.6 pip. That would have given me more leeway in the area of my stop. With the blue arrow you can see how tight it got. With it I learned something again, although I was not stopped out.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Some of you might be wondering why I don't just let the trade go when I have a good start. There is a clear answer to that. Point A was the entry point and Point B the exit, after which a small equilibrium arose at Point C and the course ran back to Point D. Then it went up.

Point E

If I had run the trade to Point E, the result would have been 9 pip after 20 minutes. That's 0.45 pip per minute.

Point F

If I had run the trade to Point F, the result would have been 13 pip after 38 minutes. That's 0.34 pip per minute.

Of course I could have made 2.5 times more profits, but that would have meant staying in the market 17 times longer. And for me that is a significantly worse risk ratio.

Point G

With 2.2 pip per minute, I should have reached 44 pip after 20 minutes instead of 9 pip.

Point H

With 2.2 pip per minute, after 38 minutes instead of 13 pip, I should have actually reached 84 pip.

However, this is not possible because a course always moves in wavy lines up or down. For this reason I try to find the most effective candles, just put my orders in and quickly get them out again. With this approach, I basically don't care in which direction the course is moving. While it is helpful to know where the medium-term course is going. Based on the signals I receive from the algorithms, that is actually not decisive.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Point A

I could have entered the market this morning at 11:17 a.m. with two lots and a stop of 12 pip.

Point B

After 4 hours the course would have been close to my breakeven.

Point C

After 6 hours I would have hit the 30 pip goal and made $ 600 too. The stop would have had the same risk in both cases.

In all honesty, I prefer to trade for 2 minutes to achieve the same goal. First of all, I only briefly expose my money to risk in the market, and secondly, I have enough time afterwards to look for the next trade or to do other things.

Here is the video of my trade. You can find a few new tools on my main screen that I have developed over the last few days.

Inserted Video

It is not easy to explain how I read out my filtered algorithms and use them as a signal for my trading. I gave a very good friend some small tools (reading out algorithms) of mine and he was able to break even within 1 year. However, that was also because he was very hard working and inquisitive, and worked more than most of us. I found that very remarkable. It usually takes a full-time trader 3-4 years to break even.

As I wrote, I can see a few 1/10 seconds into the future using the algorithms. Now, if I enter a trade on these signals, the longer I stay in that trade, the smaller the advantage. That's why I look for these signals during the day and use them to get in and out quickly. By now it should be clear to everyone why the price, indicators or news don't play a role at all for me. The big players make money, because they can move the market. The high-frequency traders earn money because they use the small time gaps in the equilibrium and are only briefly in the market in order to exploit their advantage. All other market participants lose their money in the long run. Since I do not have the big players' money, I am forced to use the funds available to me. Creativity, logic and speed are the only resources I have. In the last 10 years I have managed to do this very well and with the concentration on the algorithms I will definitely manage the next 10 years. The most important thing is that I am not attracted by the money I earn, but by the fact that I have a realistic chance against the best traders in the world. Since I trade in price regions where very few traders place a trade, I am practically invisible to the big players. So they don't even notice that I'm there. Precisely for this reason, I will not scale my lot line up, but always stay nicely below the radar. Since I am only effectively trading for around 10-15 minutes a day, there is enough time to study the approach of the big players. And you should take this time, because the big players test new strategies every week. The market is getting harder, not easier, every day. No matter how difficult the market is, each of us has a realistic chance. But that is a huge challenge and requires full concentration.

I wish you a good final sprint for the week

Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #1559 ---
New video is online
With the "pip/min" strategy to success

Hello dear traders,

Since I do my trades in a very narrow range, I have been approached by some traders about how I calculate my risk. At first, scalping is described as very risky and expensive, but this is a big mistake that I am talking about in my new video. In the last few years I have been looking for different ways to significantly reduce my trading time. It wasn't about earning as much money as possible in the shortest possible time, it was more a safety aspect. It was clear to me that the shorter I have been in the market, the sooner I will be able to keep the profits I have earned. I also wanted to increase my efficiency in the area of profits. I didn't want to wait 4 hours to earn a few $ 100. I wanted to cut the time down to a few minutes.

I like to use different auxiliary indicators to calculate my strategies and procedures. However, I do not utilize these indicators to generate trading signals from them. A crucial element for me is the pip per minute that I achieve in retail. This enables everyone to significantly increase their efficiency. Many of you are already working with my modified indicator.

You can find out in the video why most of my trades only take between 30 seconds to 2.5 minutes and the risk / reward ratio is not the measure of all things. This is about the efficiency of the candles and how you can benefit from them. Within an upward and downward movement there is the “Bionic Point”. This is the point where I reach the effective pip per minute within one movement and thus at the same time my decisive exit point. It's like the decision-making speed in air traffic, where you can still cancel a take-off.

Pictures in English, language in German

My videos are in German, but since there are more English-speaking traders than German-speaking traders, I decided on a compromise. The images and slides in my videos are in English and I deliberately speak a little slower when explaining complex matters so that the translation software from Youtube works. However, from time to time there are misunderstandings with the numbers. Because "billion" in English is not identical with our trillion, but with our billion. The reason for the differences in naming large numbers is that two different conventions have prevailed for naming numbers greater than a million: the long and short scales. But that shouldn't be a big problem.

My newly created YouTube channel has the advantage that I can now create my voice videos in chronological order. The viewer simply starts with video no. 1 and thus gets a clear overview.

Here you can find my new YouTube channel

https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCCb...zsD2soUtb0CTqA

If you always want to be informed as soon as a new video appears, you can also subscribe to the channel.

So far there are three videos with the following topics.

1. What content you can expect on this channel in the future!
2. How to double the probability of winning in the Forex market!
3. Scalping! With the "Pip / min" strategy to effective success

All videos are on average 30 minutes long

Here is the latest video from last night.

Inserted Video

Even if you don't use algorithms to make your trading decisions in the future, these videos may give you some information that can increase your probability of winning. You can of course find the indicators that I use in the video on my blog.

I wish you much fun with it

Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #1560 ---
Superb, Michael.

Looking forward to checking the new videos out.

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1561 ---
New video is online
With the "pip/min" strategy to success

Hello Lem,

that's very kind of you, thank you very much. Since you have a perfect command of the English language, I would be interested in how the translation of my videos on Youtube works from your point of view. I know that there are minor problems, the important thing is whether you can understand my approach. It would be great if you can give me a short feedback.

https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCCb...zsD2soUtb0CTqA

Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #1562 ---
I can certainly do that. I am planning on watching the latest video tonight or early tomorrow. Either way, I will get back to you as soon as I can.

--- 帖子 #1563 ---
Hi Michael

I downloaded your "Increase trading efficiency / Trading Effizienz steigern" and listened to it.

I am crazy about your entry sound/graphics. I relied on my school and university German - but see that I would really have to checkup on that again. The pace at which you talk is ok - no problem there. I will just look at again a few times.

Anyhow - you have made me realize that we could all benefit from trading more efficient - does not matter what we do.

Hope this helps you a bit.

Trade well / Mos

Edit: I made a point of following your "pointer" - that made it easier to follow.

--- 帖子 #1564 ---
Experiment: My answer to you, with a YouTube Video

Hello MOS,

At first I wanted to write you my answer in this blog, but this time we'll do it a little differently. As an experiment, I recorded a small video and had my text read out by my computer. It's relatively easy. First you have to create a PDF that you can open with Microsoft Edge. There you can set the language and voice and have an unlimited text read out to you. I think the voices sound very professional. With that entire books can be read aloud for free while you are in the market. That saves a lot of time. Here is my message to you:

Inserted Video

In the future, you will be able to record a video directly with your mobile phone, which immediately translates your own language into all foreign languages, as well as the texts in the images. When making a phone call, the other person will then immediately receive the message translated into their own language. That will revolutionize communication.

Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #1565 ---
Hi

I am honoured to be the first(as far as I know) to receive an answer via video.

It was great - sent you a PM.

Cheers / Mos

Edit: I thought I recognized that "beat" from somewhere - excellent use of it.!

--- 帖子 #1566 ---
Hi Michael.

The new video was very informative and even with my very, very rusty German I was able to follow along, just about, with help from a couple of rewinds, lol.

I must admit though, that it is a shame not to have an English translation, however I know that would be difficult to perhaps make the subtleties understood. I know I certainly couldn't do it justice, not even close.

That aside, from a technical point of view, the pacing is fine and I wouldn't see anyone really struggling to keep up.

--- 帖子 #1567 ---
Now THIS is perfect!!!

--- 帖子 #1568 ---
The next video is online

Hello dear subscribers,

Here is my new video that I finished last night. This video is about: Workstation requirements, why the sounds are four times faster than the charts, neuroscience in brain research, and even body language. Why the knowledge of these things, for which algorithms trading are crucial, I will show you there exactly and prove it.

Inserted Video

I will give you an explanation of my approach over the next few days.

Have fun with the video

Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #1569 ---
Video message in English

Hello dear algorithm traders,

in the video you get a statement from me in English

Inserted Video

As promised you can find the link from my new Youtube channel here. There you will find 4 videos with over 2 hours of content. Of course I will post new videos on this channel regularly.

My new Youtube Channel “Bionics Forex Algorithms”

https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCCb...zsD2soUtb0CTqA

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1570 ---
Hi Bionics,

I am looking for an indicator that can mark the the number of bars of say 100 pips size from  Open to High or Open to Low or Open to Close data of history.

Example, i want to see in one day what is the count of or how many times candles have scored user defined ..........pips size (example 6 pips) in Chart TF M1 from HH: MM in past lookback of 2 days.  It

It is likely the number may be at least 1,000 candles for High to Low of 6 pips , 1200 candles of 4 pips, 2000 candles of 2 pips and less.

This can help in knowing how best to do scalping and in which hours of time. The Time period which shows high number of candle will be considered productive time hours.

If visualisation is needed, candles of the user selected pip sizes may be printed thick on the bars.

Statistics may be printed by way of text comments.

--- 帖子 #1571 ---
Momentum indicator

Hello Simnz,

I'm not sure if this is the indicator you're looking for, but it may help you. I modified the momentum indicator a few times and adapted it to my developed Bionic candle. There are 133 files on my profile page, if you click on them you get to the individual posts. Please take a look at the posts where I posted the momentum indicator, that might help you.

Here are some of the posts:

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...8#post10717698

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...4#post12542574

I hope this helps you

Kind regards Michael

Attached File(s)   Momentum Candles v1.01.mq4

2 KB
|
1,785 downloads
Attached File(s)   BionicChart.ex4

12 KB
|
1,729 downloads
Attached File(s)   BionicChartStrongCandle.ex4

11 KB
|
1,662 downloads
Attached File(s)   AAA Bionic Power x Candle 1.3.ex4

13 KB
|
1,712 downloads
Attached File(s)   Density_Histogram_ bionic chart.ex4

9 KB
|
1,555 downloads

--- 帖子 #1572 ---
Current videos

Hello dear subscribers,

Enclosed you will find all the latest videos on my channel.

Inserted Video
Bionics Algorithms

Inserted Video
Forex versus Forex

Inserted Video
Increase trading efficiency

Inserted Video
Fast and furious

Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #1573 ---
Inserted Video

The best currency pair

King regards Michael

--- 帖子 #1574 ---
Thank you for your response and help.

I don't know much about tick by tick flow. How it works?

But one thing I do understand is it is flow of trades by the market.

I want to place pending orders which means I want to see the glass full before triggering entry.

Is it possible if price can go faster and will not accumulate the full amount of position?

If that is true, it can help me not get bigger DD if the market suddenly gains high momentum.

You are a ticks flow expert and hope you will clarify this.

I want to enter only after say 4 pips have accumulated by the ticks before it starts trading . I don't want to get caught in a big flow. That is the objective.

--- 帖子 #1575 ---
Ticks in the forex market

Hello simnz,

A tick chart in the forex market only shows the trades that are processed there, but unfortunately not the volume. A trade can contain 1 lot or 100 lots. The tickchart has the advantage that in a great number of trading transactions, for example when economic figures are published, more candles appear than in night-time trading. An upward movement depends exclusively on the market buy orders that run into the limit sell orders. Let's assume a price goes up and suddenly it is held up by the limit sell orders. Theoretically there are now three options.

1. An equilibrium arises.

2. The price breaks the limit orders and continues to rise.

3. The price is held up by the limit orders and is falling.

If a price goes up by the market buy orders and is held up by the limit sell orders, there are only two options. A big player buys the dollar with the limit sell orders or exits the euro. That is the first challenge you have to face. If the big player pulls out of the euro, the chances are high that the price will make a new high. But there is no guarantee that the course will continue to rise immediately. Any upward or downward movement is always in zigzag lines. Many believe that after an upward movement, the price will go down because many retail traders exit the market. This is a big mistake, however, as retail traders are not able to move the market at all. Theoretically, they would be able to do this, but would have to coordinate themself exactly. In the EURUSD in the Forex market there are around 2000 lots at each level in the DoM. That means, in order to move the price by one pip, 20,000 lots have to be invested. For a price to run 5 pip down, 100,000 traders would have to get out of their 1 lot euro position almost simultaneously.

There are ways to determine with a high probability when a price is turning and when it is moving further up. There are different ways of looking at this that are not easy to explain with words. I am currently producing my 6th video, where I will go into exactly these points. So I ask for a little patience. I wish you a nice weekend.

Here is the link to the channel.

https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCCb...zsD2soUtb0CTqA

Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #1576 ---
Hi Michael

Just viewed this video - sterling work as usual - my compliments.

Your work actually confirms a lot of what I was thinking/applying(though in a much more "bare bones"/simplistic way).

Trade well / Mos

PS. See you have "Vr Stealth Pro" on your "intro" screen - I actually gave some inputs to Vladimir a few years ago when he brought that TM out - very nice.

--- 帖子 #1577 ---
Thank you for your education. I want to place pending orders (limit or buy stop)  to trigger buy  after say 2 pips have been gained in price or 60 seconds have lapsed.

I want to place pending orders to trigger buy after price has fallen by 2 pips.

Similarly, do selling likewise.

Will this reduce trading opportunities?

--- 帖子 #1578 ---
Effective trading opportunities

Hello Simnz,

to check such a strategy, I would recommend using a strategy tester. He can immediately determine whether your approach is efficient. Although I trade in the forex market, I make my trading decisions not from forex data but exclusively from stock exchange data. However, the stock exchange data is filtered beforehand in order to derive the algorithms' orders. These data cannot be compared with forex data. Likewise, there is no specific time limit for me. The limit is calculated from the pip per minute. As soon as the profit falls below the average ATR value, I am out of the market. For example, if I get 6 pip profit after 40 seconds, I'm out immediately, because the pip value per minute is 6 times higher than the average ATR in the M1. Although I only gained 6 pip, the value, pips per minute, is 9. That means my risk is 6 times lower than the average value. Every second I stay in the market would increase my risk disproportionately. The 6 pips are safe and can no longer be taken from me. In addition, a risk / reward ratio of 1: 3 is a good value as my stop is 1.5 pip and the spread is 0.5 pip. Then I just look for the next opportunity for a new trade. Since I am already satisfied with a pip value of 2 (risk-reward ratio 1), I need a range of 2 pip in total. This results in over 800 chances in the M1 candles per day. Since I am mostly only on the move during the main trading hours, the chances are reduced to 600 M1 candles. So I have enough chances to get a good result even in a small equilibrium. Entering via limit orders would significantly reduce my chances and not bring a better entry price. I prefer to trade the small breakouts up from the start and get out immediately before the big player start a pullback. The danger lies in the number of retail traders who got on within the spike. The more people got in there, the bigger the chain reaction down, when they are stopped. The best high-frequency traders have a win rate of 99% compared to the big players of 90%. Interestingly, the high-frequency traders have a significantly lower risk. This win rate is also my long-term goal, that's what I'm working towards. But that will take a few more years.

Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #1579 ---
Videos in Youtube

Hello mos,

Thank you very much, the Vr Stealth Pro has the advantage that you can build in stop zones that the broker cannot see, as they are only set in my chart. The brokers offer mini terminals, but then get all the information. The Vr Stealth Pro accelerates trading and is very simple to set up. A great idea would be an indicator in the Vr Stealth Pro that shows you the pip per minute data next to the profits. That would be a little sensation for every trader.

I am very happy that the videos are so well received. By the way, a new video has been online since the day before yesterday. Topic: The brutal strategies of the big players.

Inserted Video

If you like the videos, I am happy to receive a subscription.

Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #1580 ---
Thank you for your comments.

Your strategy, as I see, should work because you are throwing a loaf of bread  by way of big volume to brokers to make money as against what a swing trader can offer. You might be sharing 33% of your returns with brokers by way of spreads and commission costs, but good thing is your profit factor is 2.

Sometimes I feel even without having eyeballs market makers EAs are able to detect traps laid by traders. What is your experience?

I appreciate your tip of not relying on pending orders.

Have you noticed any pattern of active hours and dull hours or it all depends on big players pushing the triggers any time?

Appreciate sharing your experience.

--- 帖子 #1581 ---
Brokers use all kind of plug ins and always remain profitable. Take a look at the financial records of a broking public company to know the truth. How can a Vr Stealth Pro evade their eagle eyes?

--- 帖子 #1582 ---
Big player strategies

Hello Simnz,

You might share 33% of your returns with brokers via spreads and commission costs, but the good thing is that your profit factor is 2.

My approach to retail is not that dramatic

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

On those 18 trades, I paid 10.8 pips to the broker and earned 30.9 pips. With 1 lot the values have to be multiplied by 10, with 5 lots the values have to be multiplied by 50 to determine the dollar amounts of my winnings and the broker's fees. In this case, the broker received 25% of my earnings even though my risk / reward ratio was only 1: 1. If I get a risk / reward ratio of 1: 2, the broker will only receive 12.5% of my earnings. I have no stress with the fact that the broker earns, he could get half of my income as long as I am in profit. Scalpers ensure higher income for broker, but if there are too many scalpers in the market, the broker will have problems protecting himself with appropriate hedges.

The Vr Stealth Pro is an EA that puts a fictional stop on my chart. This is just a market order, which is immediately sent to the broker in the worst case. The Take Profit is a limit order that must be submitted beforehand. The broker can actually see this.

Before I place a trade, I first have to know exactly what is going on in the market. A secret are my filtered limit orders, which show me exactly how many market orders were absorbed at the individual price levels. From this I recognize the accumulation and distribution phases as well as the exit of the big players. So I immediately recognize the medium-term movement sequences that will arise in the future. With the help of the algorithms and my tones, I then identify the short-term movements and am in the trade for a few seconds. In my last video, I described my approach and how the big players work. Everyone should take a look at it.

Inserted Video

Big player strategies

I wish you a nice weekend

Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #1583 ---
Thank you for your response.

Since I trade only indices cfd, I assumed your profit factor to be 2 based on your TP pip size selection of 6 while range trading within a band of 25 up and 25 down.

Volume as a reference point can be a validation point but mt4 or mt5 dont have centralised volume statistics.

In scalping what role VWAP can play as a median point or a scalping zone diffrentiator? Should I shift to indice futures instead of cfd ? Your views please.

--- 帖子 #1584 ---
CFD or Future?

Hello Simnz,

I have produced an important video, for your question CFD or Future, please have a look there. You can translated the video in your language.

Inserted Video

Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #1585 ---
Christmas 2020

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Hello dear subscribers,

The year 2020 was and is a particularly difficult year for many people and will go down in history due to the Corona crisis. Although Germany mastered the first wave well, we are now in the top positions in the world in the second wave. The intensive care units are full and even my wife, who as the headmistress trains nurses in the health care system, is voluntarily in the intensive care unit at Christmas because many nurses are sick. And there are still many idiots who argue that Corona is more harmless than the flu. They should come to us in the intensive care unit and help voluntarily.

Now Christmas is just around the corner, and I hope that you still get some rest to recharge your batteries for the next year. I would like to thank you all for following me, for your great ideas and improvements and for the friendly interaction on this blog. Thank you very much!

I sincerely wish you a Merry Christmas with those you love. Take care of yourself and stay healthy.

Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #1586 ---
Video about the high frequency trader

Hello dear subscribers,

before the old year is over, I wanted to publish my last video this year. It is about the high-frequency traders who cannot harm us in the forex market, but we can still learn a lot from their approaches.

Inserted Video

I wish you a lot of fun

Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #1587 ---
I have enjoyed watching some of your videos.

I am an avid reader and prefer to have transcripts in English.

I will appreciate if you can provide the English transcripts here.

Thank you

--- 帖子 #1588 ---
Transcripts

Hello Simnz,

First of all, many thanks for the comment. I tried to compromise with my videos on Youtube. Text in German and the labels and pictures in English. First of all, that is a significantly greater effort. The texts are broken down on YouTube and presented as a transcript in German. All words are written in lower case and no punctuation marks are used. The transcript is also provided with time information that matches the video. Unfortunately, Youtube does not understand all words correctly and therefore misrepresent them.

Unfortunately, posting a transcript is out of the question for me because there is no reference to the video. As a result, many things are misinterpreted or not understood because the video is not available. Since there are no punctuation marks, no clear reference to a sentence can be made in the translation. Revising the transcript, adding punctuation, and then translating it into English is an big job. In addition, everything would have to be rearranged, as sentences are spoken differently than they are written.

I have already started editing the transcripts on Youtube so that they can be translated more clearly into all languages. This also creates a precise reference to the video.

I hope this helps you further.

Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #1589 ---
I think you do more than enough, M. The amount of information supplied free if charge here is simply unmatched anywhere.

Would it be nice to have English videos? Yes, if course, however, that's life! We will live

Hope you are having a good Christmas break and looking forward to a grand New Year.

Lem.

--- 帖子 #1590 ---
Hello Michael,

thank you so much for your perfect analysis!

As a result a forex retail trader will loose money sooner or later...

Question now is: do we have an access to those high frequency traders?

Grüße, Uli

--- 帖子 #1591 ---
Hello Lem,

thank you very much for your encouraging words, I agree with you, because one can't please everyone. I understand that people want to learn as much as possible in order to move forward. But besides my trade, there is also family, sport and a life.

I wish you a happy new year and stay healthy.

Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #1592 ---
Hello Uli,

The high-frequency traders are not so dangerous for us retail traders, because they are rarely found in the Forex market. The background: In the forex market, no specific bid and ask information is transmitted and there is a minimum holding period for the trades placed. The main playing field for high-frequency traders is in the exchange-regulated markets. Since these traders operate in the millisecond range, there is no access to this information. Thanks to special programming, the main computer of the high-frequency trader recognizes when a certain address repeatedly buys certain stocks or currencies within seconds. From this a recurring principle is recognized and the high-performance computer gets ahead of the secret buyer. Within a millisecond, very large quantities are bought and a few seconds later thrown back into the market with a high profit. That works in 9 out of 10 cases. I will go into that again in my next video.

Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #1593 ---
Thanks Michael!

--- 帖子 #1594 ---
New year 2020/2021

Hello dear subscribers,

Since I had a little time between Christmas and New Years, I launched my 8th video today. The subject: speculate or invest. In addition, I will also give you a little insight into our projects in 2021. Since Youtube always takes a long time to convert my video to 4K, I think it will be ready for use in 2-3 hours.

Inserted Video

I wish you a happy new year and enjoy the time as much as you can.

Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #1595 ---
Thanks, Michael and have a great New Year.

--- 帖子 #1596 ---
Hi Michael

Thanks - Ein tolles Neues Jahr!

Trade well / Mos

--- 帖子 #1597 ---
New year 2021

Hello dear subscribers,

I wish you all a great year 2021 and I would like to take this opportunity to thank you for all the feedback, compliments and New Year's greetings from your side.

Evil tongues claim that day traders do not bring any economic benefit to society as they only exchange money on the stock exchange. That may be true for some, but not for profitable retail traders. Those who manage to generate their income from it pay taxes, invest in their pensions, consume and thus support the economy, instead of lying on the pocket of the state because they are unemployed. Many casual traders invest in the stock market in order to achieve better returns on their investments. One can understand that well if you look at the interest that is currently being paid in the market. This is also a way of relieving the state. Because those who make private provisions for their pension during their lifetime do not have to be supported by the state when they retire. You see you can always look at a thing from two sides.

3 months ago I published my first voice video on You Tube and was impressed by the great amount of feedback from you. Thank you very much for that too. On the last day of the old year 2020 I published my 8th video. It's about the difference between speculating and investing, using Apple's most successful stock as a comparison. Furthermore, the term volatility is discussed, which is often incorrectly referred to as an interest or yield accelerator. But unfortunately the volatility is contrary to the achievable return of a trader. I'll go into more detail in the video. The forex market is often described by futures and stock traders as a typical entry-level market. You can also find out in this video that exactly the opposite is the case. In addition, you will receive exciting news about my planned projects in 2021.

Inserted Video

New video: Speculate or invest

I am convinced that the new year 2021 will make history because we learned many things from the old year 2020 that made us stronger than ever.

I wish you from the bottom of my heart that you will achieve your goals

Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #1598 ---
Trading taxes 2021

Hello dear subscribers,

I hope that you started the new year 2021 healthy and motivated. For many traders from Germany, the new year, with the enforced loss offsetting law for futures transactions, brings considerable restrictions. I have created an Excel table to deal with this topic. How to work with the table I explain in my video that I published today. We highlight the situation of beginners, advanced and professional traders and how the tax exactly affects your trading results. But this table is not only suitable to shed light on taxes. This allows interesting strategies to be developed that help us in daily trading. How does a favorable spread affect my winnings? How does the probability of winning change with the stop, TP and the spread? Since this tax issue primarily only affects Germany, I have also presented this text in German. But also the other countries can work with the Excel table, it should only be individually adapted to the respective tax and off you go.

I would be happy if the information helps you

Kind regards Michael

Trading Steuern 2021

Hallo liebe Subscriber,

ich hoffe, dass ihr gesund und motiviert das neue Jahr 2021 begonnen habt. Für viele Trader aus Deutschland, bringt das neue Jahr, mit dem durchgesetzten Verlust-Verrechnungsgesetz von Termingeschäften, erhebliche Einschränkungen.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Ich habe dazu eine Excel Tabelle erstellt um mich mit dieser Thematik auseinandersetzen. Wie man mit der Tabelle arbeitet, erkläre ich in meinem Video, dass ich heute veröffentlicht habe. Dabei beleuchten wir genau die Situation der Anfänger, der Fortgeschrittenen und der Profi Trader und wie sich die Steuer genau auf eure Trading Ergebnisse auswirkt. Doch diese Tabelle ist nicht nur geeignet, um die Steuer zu beleuchten. Damit lassen sich interessante Strategien erarbeiten, die uns im täglichen Handel helfen. Wie wirkt sich ein günstiger Spread auf meine Gewinne aus? Wie verändert sich die Gewinnwahrscheinlichkeit mit dem Stopp, TP und dem Spread? Da diese Steuerbrisanz in erster Linie nur Deutschland betrifft, habe ich diesen Text zusätzlich auch in Deutsch dargestellt. Aber auch die die anderen Länder können mit der Tabelle arbeiten, sie sollte nur individuell auf die jeweilige Steuer angepasst werden und schon kann es losgehen.

Ich würde mich freuen, wenn euch die Informationen weiterhelfen

Inserted Video

Ganz liebe Grüße Michael

--- 帖子 #1599 ---
The new projects for 2021

Hello dear subscribers,

In today's video you will learn how to protect yourself from the big players, we will check whether there are clear pattern sequences in the price and I will introduce a new candle that brings you significantly more information, while saving 33% in time. In the last few weeks there have been more and more inquiries about how I have optimized my approach in recent years. I'll go into that in the video.

Algorithms can only be read out cleanly if you work with the fastest programming language that effectively implements very complex sorting functions. In my new video I show you two representations that do not yet exist anywhere in the world. These are some projects that we are currently dealing with in order to read the algorithms even faster. This will result in a new DoM and a completely new time and sales list that reveals a completely new information architecture to us retail traders.

Bionic candle against big players

Inserted Video

I wish you much fun with it

Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #1600 ---
Thank you Michael!

--- 帖子 #1601 ---
Do you think any indicator can help in detecting small breakouts? Do you have any indicator for this.

I have sourced attached indicator. The indicator calculates the values of the average High and Low prices during the trading day.

The beginning of the trading day is defined as a parameter.

For example:

Timeframe: H1,

BeginTime: 02:00

For "02:00" candle: HighAvg("02:00")=High("02:00"), LowAvg("02:00")=Low("02:00"),

for "03:00" candle: HighAvg("03:00")=(High("03:00")+High("02:00"))/2, LowAvg("03:00")=(Low("03:00")+Low("02:00"))/2, etc.

--- 帖子 #1602 ---
Michael, you mentioned a "Bionic candle" for MT4.

Would you please be so kind and add it to your post.

Danke, renkotop

--- 帖子 #1603 ---
Bionic candle with template

Hello Uli,

I am happy to post the link again

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...4#post12542574

Bionic candle with template for download !!!

Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #1604 ---
Small breakout detection indicator

"Do you think any indicator can help in detecting small breakouts? Do you have any indicator for this."

Hello simnz,

if you set off a fireworks rocket and don't see the fuse, you never know exactly when the rocket will go off. A small as well as a big breakout always comes unexpectedly, that's the purpose of an outbreak. How do you want to measure the parameters in the forex market in order to specifically predict such an outbreak? In the forex market we only get the price and the time, which are ultimately only the result of the invisible market orders in the DoM that run into the limit orders.

Even with the stock market data, this information is difficult to identify. First of all, before a major breakout on the long side, the limit sell orders are placed unnoticed with larger iceberg orders. At the breakout period, the big players' algorithms begin to shoot a cumulative number of smaller market buy orders into the market. At the same time, the iceberg orders (limit sell orders) previously placed on the market are completely removed from the market. This makes it possible to move the price massively with a relatively small number of market orders.

With my tones, which are generated from stock market data, you can hear when a machine gun salvo of market orders comes into the market. However, it is initially unclear whether these market buy orders are also able to penetrate the limit sell orders. Anyone who works with special spoofing information can recognize this withdrawal of limit sell orders. However, it is uncertain whether he will be able to get in market early. When an upward breakout begins, the best ask line jumps up, the best bid line stays at your price level because limit buy orders are not submitted so quickly. This situation increases the spread to double or even triple. A trader who enters the market shortly after the breakout has a major disadvantage. Often the price also drops again because a larger gap has formed. This gap is often not visible because it takes place within a candle.

A possible alternative to the early detection of an outbreak could be a special gap indicator that shows every gap that is larger than 1 pipette in a special chart. It would have to be ensured that every gap is displayed, even if it is closed again immediately afterwards. It is questionable whether special pattern sequences could be derived from this. In any case, this gap indicator could be used to identify gaps in the limit orders. From this one could create derivations, which of course can be interpreted differently. Another problem arises from the broker. These will pass on different gap information as each one provides different prices. I would recommend using real stock market data in addition to the forex data for better market insight.

I also only trade in the forex market because the security is much greater than in the stock market. We traders are always on the lookout for patterns from which to derive trading decisions. Unfortunately, there are no patterns in forex as the price is only random. With stock market data, I can identify patterns that will help me make trading decisions in the forex market. That has increased my probability of winning significantly over the past two years. No one would drive across a street at night without lights. It is dark in the forex market because correct ask and bid information is not available. Therefore everyone should get the light from the stock exchange markets in order to find the road in the forex market. As I noted in my last video, stock market data is the best forex indicator.

Inserted Video

Unfortunately, I cannot help you in the area of Forex indicators, as they have not been decisive for me for 2 years. Stock market data and good stock market software cost around $ 50 a month, these costs come back quickly because with this important information in forex trading you will have significantly fewer losses.

In the ten videos I have produced so far on YouTube you will find 7.5 hours of free information on this.

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1605 ---
I agree with you we cant forecast. What I meant finding a sequence of patterns to do a probability study.

Do you think drawing bands based on pips high and low pips  defined by user will help? Boxes dont provide analysis like pips band drawn for certain number of bars do help.

If yes, this indicator may be modified..

--- 帖子 #1606 ---
That is quite enlightening. I trade intutively looking for locations and trying to fish by attracting plugins eye. Most of the times it works on cfd indice market. Liquidity providers have created their own symbols with no real correlations with future or cash index movements. Fishing works well there for the plug-ins to play games with me. So I really dont feel the need to use DOM.

CFD movements is like a rehearsal in real time for me to trade futures.

--- 帖子 #1607 ---
Talking of videos, you will love this watching video shot 20 years ago.
Inserted Video

--- 帖子 #1608 ---
Pattern in the market

Hello simnz,

Basically, only from my point of view, I can answer your question, whether the indicator you posted helps. As we know, the price is only a result of the cause (Market- and Limit Orders), which we cannot see in the forex market. Since an indicator always lags behind the price, it is logically always slower than the price itself. An indicator in the Forex market only ever relates to the result and only arises randomly, due to the time factor. In my view, it is not possible to derive a profitable pattern sequence from chance.

Nevertheless, users of indicators will see it very differently. An indicator is a kind of worldview. If an indicator of 10 signals shows 7 signals correctly, you can also make profits with it. You just have to be aware that it is a coincidence. Since I want to exclude chance as much as possible in my trading, I am forced to limit myself to the cause indicators.

Every trader always decides for himself which data he uses to make trading decisions. You have gained a lot of experience in your trading, for this reason I accept your approach, although I trade completely differently. There is no right or wrong here, the different opinions of traders only lead to the fact that there can be an exchange market at all. Imagine if all traders are of the same opinion, that would be the end of the market. And that's exactly why I think different opinions are good.

If you compare the representation of the stock market data in 2001 (from your video) with today's data, you can roughly imagine what it will look like in 2041. I am convinced that acoustic and haptic signals will then play a stronger role. New charts in 4 dimensions could then also convey faster information. Here is a small example of this.

Attached Image

On my YouTube channel I have produced a detailed 45-minute video about the haptic and acoustic signals. I've been experimenting with it myself for a number of years and I'm thrilled. Sometimes these signals come in faster than the graphical representations in the chart.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCCb...zsD2soUtb0CTqA

Link to my YouTube channel

Every trader is interested in gaining a market advantage. Faster information is a clear market advantage, even if it's only a few milliseconds. These milliseconds can decide today in Formula 1 about a world championship and also about a small profit in EURUSD.

All the best for the future

Lovely wishes

Michael

--- 帖子 #1609 ---
You are right. Indicators help you in forming bias .

Unseen hands are moving auctions and no amount of your research ever can for sure figure it out. It will always remain a probability.

Ideal goal is to eliminate chance or what I call probability or an educated guess. I wish you all the best.

--- 帖子 #1610 ---
Overview of my videos on YouTube

Hello dear subscribers,

On my new YouTube channel, over 5,200 people in 85,000 minutes have carefully followed and analyzed my videos in the last 4 months. I never expected that and was completely surprised. Based on your suggestions, I would like to introduce you to all of the videos I have published so far with the corresponding link and a short description. This gives you a brief overview of what the individual videos are about. This saves you time to only deal with the topics that are of interest to you.

Video 1 Bionics algorithms

Inserted Video

This video gives you an overview of what content you can expect in the next few months. I will briefly go into my trading strategy and why I only trade with exchange data in the Forex market. You will also get information about my blog in Forex Factory and why I chose the name Bionics. I will briefly discuss the big players and how they dominate the market. In addition to the algorithms, you get an overview of the tones I developed and how important the breakeven point is for a trader.

Video 2 Forex vs Future

Inserted Video

In this post I will show you how you can double the probability of winning in the Forex market and which market offers the highest level of security. In addition, you get an overview of why algorithm traders have the greatest opportunities in the future. Here the three markets, stocks, forex and future are compared exactly. This video is a crucial key to how I proceed.

Video 3 Increase Trading Efficiency

Inserted Video

Since I do my trades in a very narrow range, I have been asked how I calculate my risk. First, scalping is described as very risky and expensive, but this is a big mistake, as you can see in the video. A decisive factor are the pip per minute, which shows a trader the optimal exit time. This reduces the risk and increases trading efficiency.

Video 4 Fast and Furious

Inserted Video

This video is about workstation requirements, why sounds are four times faster than the charts, about neuroscience in brain research, and even about body language. Here you will find out exactly why the knowledge of the algorithms trading are crucial.

Video 5 currency pairs

Inserted Video

There are many decisions to be made on the way to becoming a successful trader. Which system am I using? Do I trade stocks, currency pairs, indicators, commodities or precious metals? Do I use CFDs, options or futures for this. Which platform and which broker is best for me? Which software do I use to translate stock market data and what should my optimal workplace design look like? Today's video is about the question of how to determine your optimal currency pair in the Forex market. There are different approaches that you have to consider in order to significantly increase your profit probability in the end. In my opinion, a crucial video to minimize your risk.

Video 6 Big Player

Inserted Video

The video is about the strategies of the big players. We consider, among other things, the extreme imbalance between big players and retail traders and why limit orders influence the market more than market orders. It's about the impact of algorithms on the market, the three main strategies of big players and how you can use the algorithms to your advantage. It is a very good overview to understand how the big players operate.

Video 7 high frequency traders

Inserted Video

This video is about the approach of high frequency traders, how to avoid them and why they do not play a role in certain markets. How do the big players differ from the high-frequency traders and in which markets you have to watch out for them. With the right strategy you can avoid them and thereby increase your probability of winning.

Video 8 Speculate or Invest

Inserted Video

This article is about the difference between speculating and investing, how best to invest in the different markets, and why the Forex market is the most profitable market in the world. There are different returns that are directly related to volatility and security. Those who know these factors have a clear market advantage.

Video 9 tax 2021

Inserted Video

With a change in the Income Tax Act, the grand coalition has opened a new chapter for German investors. It concerns the taxation of futures and is no longer to be outdone in stupidity. Very few people can imagine that an investor would have to pay tax on realized losses. This will be possible from 2021. What is behind the change in the law and who is actually affected? I even created an Excel spreadsheet for this, which you can download from my blog.

Video 10 Bionic candle

Inserted Video

In this video you will learn how to protect yourself from the big players, we will check whether there are clear pattern sequences in the price and I will introduce a new candle that brings you significantly more information, while saving 33% in time. The Bionic Candle I introduced brings massive advantages in the Forex market even without stock market data. I go into more detail in my video about the advantages of this unbeatable candle. In addition, we talk about the best strategy to reliably identify future trend changes.

The next topics specifically deal with the procedures of the big players and how you can use different tools to find out exactly what happens next. Because only those, who can see the archer ,can safely avoid the poisonous arrows. Although the big players dominate the markets because of their available capital, they do not have many options for securely realizing their profit. We retail traders have a decisive advantage that the big players envy us for. And it is precisely these opportunities that we should use to our advantage. I'll go into that in more detail in my next video.

If the videos help you, I'll be happy. If you subscribe to the channel on YouTube, you will be automatically informed when a new video is available.

I wish you a successful trading week

Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #1611 ---
The Broker ABC- Rip off? Scam? Crash?

Hello dear subscribers,

The broker issue is stressful for many traders because of the opaque market. My new video post is about the differences between Forex brokers and how you can individually find the best broker for you. We also shed light on criteria that are normally not taken into account. As you already know, I basically only use the forex data to complete a trade. The decisive advantage for trading in the forex market is the incredibly high level of security that a forex broker offers in relation to the future market. There are many hurdles to overcome when looking for the right broker. There are hundreds of different offers, all of which are very tempting at first glance. Every broker claims to be the greatest, the best and the most beautiful, but the truth is usually rather sobering. There are three different categories of brokers that we will take a closer look at. In addition, we will also look at the dangers that some forex brokers pose. There are still too many black sheep in this industry who take advantage of their dominance over retail traders. Those who are familiar with this matter can quickly protect themselves against fraud or manipulation. Dubious brokers have certain anomalies that can be identified, I go into more detail in the video.

Inserted Video
The Broker ABC - rip off? Scam? Crash?

A quick note about the translation of the video

On YouTube, the videos are initially displayed in the lowest resolution after uploading. Then processing begins in HD and then in 4K. Only then is the translation available. I uploaded the video yesterday so that the 4K version could be processed overnight. The video is 47 minutes long and has a size of 445 MB in MP4 format. In order to ensure an optimal display, it was configured in a resolution of 4K with 60 frames / minute. That is also the reason why processing always takes so long. Maybe 30fps will be enough in the future, I'll check that in peace. The HD version is completed after more than 12 hours and the 4K version is currently being processed. I hope that YouTube will accelerate a bit so that you can have the video translated. If the English translation is not yet available, please check back later. There are no problems for the German-speaking participants, but the video is only available in HD until the final 4K processing by YouTube.

I wish you a nice weekend and good luck for the next week.

Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #1612 ---
Hybrid Trader, the future in effective trading

Hello dear subscribers,

In recent years there have been repeated statements from different market participants that read:

The forex market is not a real market

Professionals only trade in the stock market

Forex is for beginners, future for advanced

First of all, it is perfectly normal for different market participants to have different opinions on certain topics. If that were not the case, there would be no stock exchanges, because the stock market thrives on different opinions. Different statements by market participants are only based on their own views but are not representative. That means what applies to one market participant does not necessarily have to apply to all other market participants. Basically, I accept any opinion that is contrary to my opinion, because every trader always has to bear his own risk. I also do not find it dramatic when someone trades in the futures market or stock market out of his own conviction. I only find it critical when the statements are followed by an assessment of other market participants. For example: The forex market is for beginners, advanced traders only trade in the futures market. The statement that only professionals trade in the stock market is just as nonsensical as claiming that only the best drivers drive Porsches or Ferraris. Therefore we will now take a closer look at these nonsensical statements and analyze them with facts.

Let us now ask ourselves the specific question what is actually the best market in the world?

Is it actually the stocks, the forex market or, in the end, the futures market? For me, all three markets are initially neutral. There is only one crucial sentence that interests me.

Where can I achieve the highest return with the lowest risk and where can I secure my profit with a high probability?

The forex market was originally not founded for the private sector, but exclusively so that large banks could trade with one another free of charge. It was only about independence from the stock exchanges, which, incidentally, were founded so that private investors could also trade with one another. With great effort, the English were finally able to open the Forex market for the private sector. The intention was a financial interest on the part of the broker. The forex market has grown into the largest market in the world to this day. Just under $ 8 trillion is traded in the Forex market every day. This means that the forex market is 20 times larger than the global stock market and 20 times larger than the global futures market.

It is nonsense to call the Forex market not a real market, even though it is the largest market in the world. Of course, this is over-the-counter trading, also known as OTC, which is not carried out between market participants via an exchange. There is an order book as well as a time and sales list, which, however, cannot be viewed by market participants. When the EURUSD rate is published on television in the evening, it is always the price from the cash market and not from the future market. So the sentence: "The Forex market is not a real market" belongs in the trash can. The fact is that the interbank market is the leader. The stock markets orient themselves at  the interbank marketand not the other way around.

For over 20 years, some 10,000 traders have been trading against each other in the areas of stocks, forex and futures every year. The best traders in the world are selected from these. In the equities sector, an average annual return of 81% was achieved. That is an impressive return, but one that is not achieved by a normal trader in the stock market. It's comparable to Formula 1, and no normal driver can achieve these lap times. In the forex market, the world champions have achieved an average return of 106% over the past 20 years. Now we come to a very crucial point. In the stock market, the participants have concrete stock market data, while we do not receive stock market data in the forex. Nevertheless, it was possible for the best traders in the world to achieve an average of 30% more returns in the forex market than in the stock market in the last 20 years. How can this be explained?

As we know, the volatility in the stock market is significantly higher than in the forex market, which may seem to be the reason why the returns here are significantly worse. The more volatile an asset is, the less crucial big players there are in the market. In addition, high-frequency traders are drawn to the stock markets like mosquitoes to light. How else can it be explained that one trades worse with professional stock market data than without stock market data? On the other hand there is of course the futures market and there the world champions achieved 3 times more returns than in the forex market and 4 times more returns than in the stock market. Why should I voluntarily trade in a market that offers me four times fewer opportunities? That would be illogical and, from the point of view of probability, very ineffective. If I had to make a decision, the stock market would fall out because of the return.

What remains now is the forex and future market. Now of course everyone will say that if you can achieve three times more returns in the futures market you would have to automatically exclude the forex market. From the point of view of yield, that would be absolutely correct, but not from the point of view of security. In the Forex market I can lose a maximum of my existing balance on my account, while in the future market I can theoretically run into the red with € 200,000. This could have a very negative effect under certain circumstances. In return, I have better market insight and profit opportunities in the futures market. For this reason, both markets are crucial for me. Each market has certain advantages and disadvantages. The trick is to combine the advantages while reducing the disadvantages.

What exactly is the difference between a forex and a future trader? As we know, there is no information about bid and ask, no DoM and no time and sales list in the forex market. Transferred it means that the future trader sits in a vehicle that has a navigation system, while the forex trader has to do without this navigation system. If there is a traffic jam on a motorway, the future trader is rerouted and thus reaches his destination faster. The forex trader gets stuck in a traffic jam and will likely reach his goal later or not at all. What options does a driver now have who does not have a built-in navigation system? Now with Smartlink he can mirror his mobile phone on his screen in the vehicle and thus has a fully functional navigation system. If that is not possible, a mobile phone holder is usually sufficient to find the destination with Google Maps. From my point of view, the advantage of the future trader lies exclusively in the deeper market insight through the stock market data. But even as a forex trader, I can get stock market data.

For the biggest big players in the world, the stocks and future markets are far too small.

On some days there are big players in EURUSD who produce over 1 million lots or $ 1 billion in trading volume. A big player in Forex would then be able to trade the Apple share 13 times or the Euro FX E6 5 times completely. Another point, why should the big players move their billions in sales to the stock exchanges when you can trade in your market almost free of charge. If you want to follow the big players, you have to trade in the markets where most of the big players are. And that is definitely the Forex market. If you try to identify specific big players in the Apple share or in the DAX, this is much more difficult than in the EURUSD with the help of the stock market data.

I hope that with this post I could clear up some nonsensical statements. A trader who trades in the forex market is not a madman, but initially does not have as deep a market insight as in the stock market. But he can get the stock market data and thus has even more advantages than a future trader. In the stocks, forex or future markets, we can never determine 100% future price developments. For this very reason, a trader must always work with probabilities. In the last three years I have combined the forex market with the future market and this resulted in a kind of hybrid trader who uses the advantages of both markets and at the same time reduces the disadvantages of the individual markets. In the forex market we trade because of the incomparable security and receive stock market data in order to make our trading decisions. From my point of view, this is the most efficient approach, and it results in a significantly higher chance of winning. My win rate and probability of winning has improved steadily over the past few years. From this I can see a clear development that has a positive effect on me. Perhaps you too use these odds and ideas to optimize your personal situation.

If you want to dig deeper into the subject, you will find my latest video on YouTube here, which you can also translated.

Inserted Video

The most important point is that you can freely decide in which market you want to be active in the future and not in which market you have to act. From this everyone can then assess their own risk and choose exactly the market where the probability of winning is highest. Progress always came from people who were allowed to be creative. But you have to have the opportunity to experiment. That's why I'm happy to be able to make my own decisions as an independent trader. Sometimes just a small idea is enough to achieve great things with it. If that helps you, I would be very happy about it.

I sincerely wish you all the best in trading and keep my fingers crossed for you.

Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #1613 ---
Why a smaller volatility is often better.

Hello dear traders,

Today's post is about the difference between trading stocks in the stock market and currency pairs in the forex market. As always, it is my personal opinion, which of course could clearly stand out from other opinions. The different opinions on the stock exchange are responsible for the fact that trading can take place at all. As you already know, the stock exchanges have existed for over 600 years and during that time no trader has succeeded in developing a reproducible concept in order to achieve constant profits. Neither in the price nor in the candles or indicators are clear, recognizable patterns from which a regularly repeatable trading advantage can be derived. There is no day trader on the Forbes list who is among the richest people in the world. Waren Buffet is in seventh place, but this is a long-term investor and not a short-term day trader. That is a crucial difference.

Of course, we traders need a certain volatility in order to derive a trading advantage from it. However, high volatility does not mean high returns for the day trader at the same time. The volatility pyramid is always contrary to the security pyramid. The higher the volatility, the lower the security. Of course, I can make more profits in a high volatility phase, but on the other hand I can also make just as many losses. We all know the periods of extreme volatility that cause prices to fly back and forth. In these extreme phases, many big players stay out of the market and that is precisely why these extreme price jumps arise.

High volatility can only arise if the limit orders are on average smaller and at the same time the market orders are on average larger than under normal conditions. If the limit orders are so small that they are unable to stop the market orders, there is a real explosion up or down. This creates large gaps within the DoM, which results in large spreads. In addition, the risk also increases at the same time. When the market and limit orders reach an average size, an average market situation arises. This situation is often found in the accumulation and distribution phases. If the market orders are on average smaller and at the same time the limit orders are on average larger, there is low volatility. This situation often occurs when the big players have gathered their contacts just before they are pushing course in a certain direction.

Now we come to a very crucial point, namely the question of who actually places the limit orders in the market? The big players are mainly responsible for this because they mostly use the limit orders to get in and out. The retail traders usually place the market orders in the form of stops, which are accepted by the limit orders of the big players. Of course, the big player market orders also invest to move the price in their direction, but these market orders are immediately resold. You can find specific information in my blog and YouTube channel about the big players.

From this information we can now make the following derivation. The weaker the share of limit orders, the fewer big players there are in the market. I don't mean the situation when a big player has collected in an accumulation phase and then pushes the course upwards. It's about the average volatility within a market. If a market is generally highly volatile, this is evidence that on average there are fewer big players in the market than in markets with lower volatility.

The high volatility enables short-term profits that we lose again due to the spread and the probability of winning. Medium volatility enables us to generate income that we can keep in the long term. It's not about making money fast, it's about securing our profits. And that is exactly what is much easier for me in the euro US dollar than in the stock markets. Since the volatility in the stock market is on average higher than in the forex market, the world champions in the stock market would also have to achieve a significantly higher return than the world champions in the forex market. Interestingly, that is not the case. The forex traders are 30% better and the future traders are even 400% better. Are the traders in the stock market trader actually 30% worse than in the forex market? I am convinced that this is not the case, rather that volatility often eats up profits. More high-frequency traders and fewer big players, that brings high volatility and thus uncertainty at the same time.

You can trade even more effectively if you combine the forex data with the stock market data. If you want to dive deeper into the topic, here is my latest video on YouTube that you can also translate.

Inserted Video

Since I basically want to follow the big players, I also have to be on the move in markets where these big players are present. For this reason, volatile investments like an Apple share are out of the question for me. In the volatility comparison of the year 2020, the Apple share is about four times more volatile than the EURUSD. Increased volatility thus increases the unpredictability of a price. It is therefore clear that it is not the volatility that decides the return, but a predictable influence on the part of the big players. Anyone who is able to see where the big players are collecting has a significantly lower risk because they can be pulled in the right direction.

I wish you a good weekend and a successful trade next week.

Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #1614 ---
A new experiment with my new video scalping

Hello dear traders,

After 3 years and 500,000 words (content of 6 books) that I published on Forex Factory, I started to present my experiences and ideas in the form of YouTube videos in October 2020. On average, a 45-minute video was uploaded every two weeks, resulting in 12 videos that initially roughly describe my approach. This should now result in a series of efficient, shorter videos where we go into depth with important topics. One video is planned per week, although I don't yet know whether I will be able to keep it up in the long run, as I am still overseeing a lot of projects at the same time.

I produced my first videos almost half a year ago. Of course, I would have loved to have discussed these videos entirely in English, but I didn't grow up in America to have a 100% command of the semantics or rhetoric in English. And that is exactly the key point for a lecture to get the words across in an understandable way. First, in my videos, I started to label the slides in English and to speak with German text. As a result, many Germans did not understand the slides.

For this reason, I will be posting all of the text that I used in my last video in English here at Forex Factory. Then you know what the video is about and you can watch the video again in German with the English subtitles. If this goes down well with you, I will gradually post the texts for the remaining videos in English at Forex Factory. Many things may then become a little clearer. You are welcome to give me feedback on this.

Before we start, I would like to thank you once again for your great feedback that I have received from you over the past few months. A very special thank you goes to the following people who strongly supported my contributions.

mosiskv, lemercenaire, bigdee, rosalieone, Tobib80, renkotop, mattkirby, Sesamstrasse, simnz, Chris.GER, HiddenGap, charli86, FXsniper111, MathTrader7, ShanA, cocaco, forexnetworth, Shonx, ScALpipTaToE, RickM, RockRobb and slb.

Thanks again for your active help and support.

So now we start with the text of the new video

In today's post on scalping, we're going to check whether scalping is more efficient and whether it increases the risk.

Every beginner will have experienced the following situation. A course has risen sharply and we are looking for the optimal entry point in the pullback. Finally we found the right entry and put the stop below the last low. We determine the take profit from our previously defined money management. The price is actually moving in our direction and we expect it to hit take profit. Unfortunately, it turns out differently than we thought, and with luck we can get off before our stop. The conclusion after 2 hours in the market, a small loss and with luck even a breakeven. There was nothing except expenses. We sat in front of the screen for 2 hours and earned no money. I had to experience this situation many times at the beginning of my trading career.

Right before I started trading, I became interested in binary options. For example, you could bet $ 100 on a rising price and get $ 70 if you win. The same was of course also possible for a falling course. Unfortunately, the brokers at the time were able to set their own prices, which resulted in a large number of cases of fraud. The risk / reward ratio was also catastrophic. In this case you had to achieve at least a win rate of 70% to trade breakeven. What motivated me was that you could determine the running time. No matter if 1 minute 30 minutes or 1 hour. After just 1 minute it was clear whether you had won or lost. That was the only positive aspect of binary options. Nowadays they are banned in Germany, which from my point of view was completely correct. Over the years I tried to transfer the idea of quick profit to trading. This was only possible in the area of scalping.

In the trading market there are swing traders, day traders and scalpers. If I had to assign these three groups to a specific vehicle, the Swing Trader would get the S-Class, the Daytrader a Porsche and the Scalper a Formula 1 car. Scalping is the most demanding trading strategy, and it is not for nothing that Formula 1 in trading. Very few traders have become successful with scalping, but this was primarily due to the costs of the broker. You have all probably heard the famous sentence:

Back and forth empties pockets. Let's see if this statement is actually true.

A scalper pays a spread of 0.5, the stop is 2.7 and the TP is 3.2 pip. This results in a possible loss rate of 54.2% in the event of a random market entry. Why is that? Because the probability is significantly higher that the stop will be reached sooner than the take profit. The day trader receives the same spread, his stop is 14.6 and the TP is 15.1 pip. Therefore, the theoretical probability of winning here is 50.8%. As a rule, not every trader has such a favorable spread, but this is a basic requirement in order to be successful as a scalper.

We have all played Tetris or Mario Kart before and everyone knows that the longer you play these games, the faster the response times and the better you get. The greatest learning success is usually achieved when you play with friends. Two friends compete against each other on a tennis court to win the game. Player A has been playing for four years and has trained 1000 serves so far. Player B has also been playing for four years and has so far trained 10,000 serves. Both players have the same level of fitness and have had the same coach. Now if you had to bet on one of the players who would win the game, who would you choose? Of course I know that not only the serves decide a tennis match. The probability that player B wins is much higher here.

Imagine a rotten bridge connecting two mountains. 10 m below there is a raging river, it is raining and there is a strong wind. You now have the task of running to the middle of the bridge and stopping there. If you can do that for 1 minute you will receive 150 €, for 5 minutes 400 €, for 15 minutes 700 €, for 30 minutes 1050 € and for 60 minutes 1450 €. You can stand on the bridge for a maximum of 60 minutes, you can also step onto the bridge several times, but you have to pay a fee of € 5 each time. If you fall down all the money is gone. Person A stands on the bridge for 60 minutes and receives € 1,445 for this. Person B walks 10 × 1 minute on the bridge, has to pay 50 € fees and receives 1,450 € at the end. In principle, he deserves the same, but 50 minutes less risk to stand on the dilapidated bridge. Of course, he could theoretically stand on the bridge for 60 × 1 minute and earn 6 times more. The bridge is the synonym for our market when we are in trade and the 5 € our brokerage costs for 1 lot.

In the EURUSD, the average ATR in the M1 is 1.5 pip. The larger the unit of time, the higher the ATR. In the 30 minute range the ATR is 10.5 and in the 4 hour range it is 31.2. The pip value per minute is calculated from this. In the 1 minute range this is 1.5 pips per minute. In the 30 minute range this value is reduced to 0.35 and after 4 hours it is only 0.13. This is because of the zigzags a course takes to run up or down.

Let us now compare a trader who is in the market for 2 minutes with a trader who trades for 60 minutes. Incidentally, it does not matter in which time unit both act. In 2 minutes the pip value per minute is 1.35 and after 60 minutes it is 0.24. This results in the maximum possible number of trades within 1 hour.
If you were to complete the maximum number of trades, the potential would be 81 pips in the 2 minute range and 14 pips in the 60 minute range. This means that the gross potential at Pip is 6 times higher in the first case. Likewise, you could get as much pip within 12 minutes as the one who trades for 60 minutes. Even if you subtract the cost of 30 trades, you have 4 times more net. And for me that is exactly the reason why a trade that takes 2 minutes involves 6 times less risk than a trade that takes 60 minutes. Of course, the costs have to be deducted in each case.

There are 2 important factors in money management. The profit factor, which should be above 1, results from the probability and the CRV. And the winners and losers result in the decisive expected value per trade. It is interesting that as a scalper I don't necessarily have to complete more trades than a day trader to earn the same.

We are in the market for 2 minutes and trade 3.13 lots, the spread is 0.5 pip and the stop is 2.7 pip. The spread and the stop add up to 3.2 pips, and the TP is just as large. In this case, the risk of loss and profit is $ 100. The probability of loss is 54.2% and the earnings per minute are $ 50. We are in the market for 60 minutes and trade 0.66 lots, the spread is 0.5 pip and the stop is 14.6 pip. The spread and the stop add up to 15.1 pips, and the TP is just as large. In this case, the risk of loss and profit is also $ 100. The probability of loss is 50.8% and earnings per minute are $ 1.67. And now comes the big question? With the same risk, why should I only make $ 1.67 when I can make $ 50 per minute? The reason why many traders cannot afford this approach is because of the capital required. To trade 3.13 lots, a non-professional trader must deposit at least $ 10,416. In return, he has an extremely high level of capital security. As I showed in my last video, this also works with 7 times less capital. However, one should always make sure that the risk is limited to 1-2%.

Let's summarize briefly. If I have been trading for 60 minutes, the risk is 6.3 times greater from my point of view than if I have only been in trading for 2 minutes. If I trade for 2 minutes, I have 30 times the trading potential. We are able to make money 30 times faster. If there is a small breakout, it has a much stronger effect within 2 minutes than within 60 minutes.

Maybe some of you can still remember my paper airplane experiment. A paper plane is launched from the top floor of a high-rise building. Below is a person who is supposed to assess where the paper plane will land. The question now is: At what point can the person best estimate the landing radius of the paper airplane? The correct answer: When the paper plane is as close as possible to the person in question. We come to one crucial factor of probability. The closer your take profit is to the current price, the more accurate your forecast will be. As a scalper, I only have to see 2 minutes into the future, as a day trader I have possibly 60 minutes. From the perspective of probability, 2 minutes is easier to realize.

In the last few years I have carried out very complex calculations in EURUSD and have found that a large part of the price developments move within an equilibrium. Movement occurs only in 30% of the time, in 70% the course is in an equilibrium. If, as a day trader, I want to achieve a target of 15 pip in the M1, this is simply impossible in many price situations. As soon as I reduce the target, the probability of a successful trade is significantly higher. I try to end my trade after 2.5 minutes at the latest. I trade between 2 and 10 lots that equates to $ 1 million. I have also worked with significantly higher lots units, but there is a very high risk of being discovered. My TP is 3-5 pips. When I enter the market and the price suddenly moves 5 pips in my direction, I'm usually out immediately. Even if the price goes up another 10 pips after that, that doesn't annoy me. At 5 pips, I exceeded the average ATR three times. I am also looking for trades that can be reproduced again and again. An extreme outbreak is not one of them. My stop is 2 pips including the spread. Depending on how I get into the market, the stop can be reduced to 1.0 pip.

In order to trade successfully with such small stops in the long term, one has to work with stock market data that give a trader a deeper market insight. The decisive point, however, is the individual filter settings.

Let's get to the benefits of scalping

We take less risk and get more money in less time. It may increase the number of trades, which is also good training. With the help of the stock market data, I am even deeper in the market. My win rate is significantly higher and a small breakout is very effective in 2 minutes. In addition, I am able to trade in even the smallest equilibrium and sideways markets.

Of course there are downsides too

To be a successful scalper, you need fast response times. Under certain circumstances, losses can occur faster and the probability is slightly worse than in long-term trading. Since you have to be constantly focused, scalping is a little more strenuous. Due to the tones I developed myself, I don't have to stare at my screens all day, but listen as soon as the market changes in my favor. Exchange data are necessary for this and you either need a smaller margin or a higher capital, since a higher number of lots is traded. Let's take a closer look at the topic of higher broker costs.

The scalper trades 3.13 lots in 2 minutes, the spread costs 0.5 pip and the profit is $ 100. Without brokerage fees, the profit would be $ 115.63. The broker thus receives 13.5% of my profit. The day trader trades 0.66 lot in 60 minutes, the spread also costs 0.5 pip and the profit is $ 100. Without brokerage fees, the profit would be $ 103.31. The broker thus receives 3.2% of my profit. Since the scalper trades with a higher lot, he pays 5x higher brokerage costs, but earns 30 times more per minute.

Maybe I was able to show you that scalping is not quite as dramatic as you often hear. Basically, you can't say that scalping is more successful than day trading or swing trading. Every trader has to adapt his strategy and his setup to his personal sensitivities over the years. Not every trader is suitable for scalping, but you should give it a try.

Of course, the brokerage costs are significantly higher with a scalper than with a day trader. If I win 3.5 pips, the broker gets 0.5 pips of that. That is at least 13%. If you earn $ 100,000, the broker gets $ 13,000 of that. Of course you could get annoyed about it now, on the other hand you could also wish your broker that he will soon earn double that. And that would certainly not be to our disadvantage.

Inserted Video

I wish you a very successful trading week, keep my fingers crossed for great trades and I am happy if my tips help you.

Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #1615 ---
Hi Michael,

Another perfect round up of another tactical aspect of trading - just so happens to be my own style if trading.

As re the videos, I personally find that watching, then reading, then re-watching them as you describe is my favoured way of absorbing them.

I have been in this game for a long time - beginning as a (very) high time frame trader and eventually finding my true calling as a scalper once I moved out in my own - and this way certainly works.

Hopefully it does so for others also. That way you will be able to get into a groove in how you produce them.

It's also been a pleasure to offer encouragement to your venture, as I have previously noted, the sheer volume of simply outstanding information you post boggles the mind. I truly don't know how you do it!

All the best going forward and look forward to the journey.

Lem.

--- 帖子 #1616 ---
New video scalping

Hello Lem,

Regarding the question of my future video translations, first of all thank you very much for your great feedback, it will definitely help me. From my point of view, the distribution of the 3 trading styles in the retail area could look like this:

Swing trading: 30%, Day trading: 60% and Scalping: 10%

Scalping is the least used strategy as it requires a very fast response time due to the fees and costs, which is why it is also known as the Formula 1 of trading. With all 3 trading styles I can earn and lose money equally. Effective risk management is crucial, because first and foremost, every trader should secure his account as well as possible. The leverage, the position size but also the value of pips per minute play a decisive role. For day traders and scalpers, momentum is more important than for a swing trader who wants to take a complete sequence of movements with them. Many retail traders also use several strategies in order to adapt to the respective market conditions. This is also strategically wise, as the market never aligns itself with us.

What you wrote: I have previously noted, the sheer volume of simply outstanding information you post boggles the mind. I truly don't know how you do it!

I feel very honored and would like to answer you. When I started trading, earning a lot of money was not my primary goal, as I had already done this as a self-employed person for over 20 years. The challenge of having a realistic chance against the best traders in the world with the help of probabilities fascinated me much more. For this reason, I have spent a lot of time over the years to get an even deeper market insight and thus to optimize my strategies. With the stock market data two years ago, the breakthrough finally came. The decisive factor was the approach of the big players, the programming of their algorithms and how they react to special market changes. If you put the optimal probabilities of the different strategies, setups and money management on top of each other, the best opportunities arise. In contrast to the lottery, we are not dealing with random probabilities here, as the big players repeatedly use certain price regions to carry out their strategies. As soon as these price zones have been burned, new zones are created and used until these too are unusable. Then the game starts all over again.

What fascinates me is the accuracy with which the big players stop all traders (scalpers, day traders and swing traders) or limit their profits. The big players know that almost all traders look to the past. This creates fictional zones where retail traders keep making the wrong decisions. Comparable to a spider web, which is not clearly recognizable due to the color reflections. What we see in the chart and what we derive from it is not reality, but a strategic trap of the big players. You can stop the course exactly on the pipette and thus create zones that give us retail traders a deceptive certainty as to where the course will go next. And we fall into these traps again and again and have done so for many decades.

I created the best course of action for me from the different probabilities.

Inserted Video

As you rightly noticed: this way definitely works if you keep other crucial things in mind. Since a course can only go up or down, this results in a deceptive probability of 50%. This is a false security, because spreads and our stops reduce this probability to only 10%. Many market participants who claim that trading is easy should keep in mind that 90% of all traders are not profitable. And that is not because these traders are stupid, but because the big players present the price developments in such a way that everyone thinks they know where they are going next. The more certain a trader is, the less likely his forecast is.

And that's exactly why I find the strategies of the big players so fascinating.

Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #1617 ---
One of the most interesting aspects for me now, is to hear that you use all three aspects of trading. I was about to say that this is now very unusual for myself, as I concentrate solely on scalping but suddenly realised that I don't...in fact I still do occasionally use all three.

However, the key difference I feel will be that I am not doing so in any kind of formal, structured way, instead being used purely when I happen to come across a set up that is sitting and begging to be taken.

How efficient is this? Lol, probably not very. However, as the vast majority of my trades will continue to be scalps, then I will always see the other styles as jam-on-top. In fact, it will be a rare time when I will not also be stacking into those longer running trades with scalps also, as the market breathes to-and-fro.

Regards,

Lem.

--- 帖子 #1618 ---
Hello Michael

I concur with Lem - "Another perfect round up of another tactical aspect of trading".

I like downloading your videos and then looking at them.

"the sheer volume of simply outstanding information you post boggles the mind" - due to my past economic activities I understand the EFFORT you put in.

What furter boggles the mind is that you actually FREELY shares your work - I for one appreciates that.

The following is so true :

"Many retail traders also use several strategies in order to adapt to the respective market conditions. This is also strategically wise, as the market never aligns itself with us."

"What fascinates me is the accuracy with which the big players stop all traders (scalpers, day traders and swing traders) or limit their profits. The big players know that almost all traders look to the past. This creates fictional zones where retail traders keep making the wrong decisions. Comparable to a spider web, which is not clearly recognizable due to the color reflections. What we see in the chart and what we derive from it is not reality, but a strategic trap of the big players. You can stop the course exactly on the pipette and thus create zones that give us retail traders a deceptive certainty as to where the course will go next. And we fall into these traps again and again and have done so for many decades.

Looking forward to your next video.

Mos

--- 帖子 #1619 ---
Scalping, only scalping

Hello Lem,

the jam-on-top is exactly the right name if you let a trade run longer than you actually planned. I am also primarily a scalper and my average trading times are between 30 seconds and 3 minutes. I am rarely in the market for more than 3 minutes because I always watch my pip per minute. As soon as this value is below 1.5 pip, my risk factor is higher than planned. There should be an Expert Advisor / trading panel that takes this pip value per minute into account as soon as you are in the market. That could take scalping to a new level. I have many ideas how to build this indicator, unfortunately I don't have many years of experience in programming mql4.

Maybe this could be an interesting project one day.

Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #1620 ---
The big player's spider web

Hello Mos,

Thank you very much for your kind words, I am happy to do the effort, as it helps us all. This blog was initially created as a kind of trader's diary, primarily I wanted to document my own further development. When I read through my old articles, I realize that I was wrong in some areas. That helps me to make better decisions today and get on with it. The big players are also developing rapidly, as you could see in Goldman Sachs last year. I'll go into that in my new video coming out at the end of this week.

https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCCbLbn45yzsD2soUtb0CTqA

When I opened my blog at Forex Factory 3 years ago, I chose the name Bionics. Bionics is based on the assumption that living nature develops optimized structures and processes from which humans can learn. The earth is almost 4.5 billion years old and during this time nature has developed incredible things that we are already benefiting from today. A well-known example of this is Leonardo da Vinci's idea of transferring bird flight to flying machines. Or let's think of dragonflies and the helicopter. The lotus effect was also brought into our lives by nature, things that clean themselves because no dirt adheres to them. The idea of transferring from biology to technology is the central element of bionics. Anyone looking for a new innovation should always steal from nature. The laws of nature also prevail on the stock exchange, from which we can learn every day.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In the 3 pictures we see the same spider web that was photographed from different perspectives. In the picture on the right we see that from a certain perspective, the light reflections take on the colors of the leaves and the spider's web becomes invisible to the insects. In the Forex market, the course of the course is the spider web. There, situations are created again and again, whereby the retail trader should get a secure feeling of where the course is going next. So we are regularly invited to fly into the spider web. But they have to make us believe that it's not a spider web at all. And that's exactly what the big players have mastered like no other. Trading is not easy, otherwise 90% of traders would not lose their hard-saved money. But there is a way out that helps us retail traders, we just have to change our perspective. However, this takes a lot of time and involves enormous effort. At first glance, the trading screens I have developed look very complicated, but I don't do this for fun or because I have nothing better to do.

I'm just changing my perspective, that's all.

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1621 ---
With a small laptop against the biggest big players

Hello dear traders,

We hear again and again on the Internet that all you need to trade is a simple laptop to become a millionaire. To what extent this statement is correct, we will investigate in today's article. We'll also take a closer look at the Goldman Sachs approach and how to put together a good trading workstation.

Over 5 million traders around the world sit in front of their laptops or screens every day, hoping for great luck. What most retailers don't see is who they're up against. These big players from large banks and institutions are very professionally positioned. In air-conditioned rooms, countless traders sit in front of the latest screens, which are supported by an armada of analysts. All information is received by the Director of Trading and his strategies are distributed as individual orders to the different traders. It's like an army controlled from one point to hit a specific target. They work with the most modern data centers to send their algorithms into the Forex market. Their strategies are brutal and designed to convey a truth to the 5 million retail traders that really doesn't exist.

Many years ago I dealt with Goldman Sachs, one of the most successful traders in the world. You made profits on 222 days out of an average of 253 trading days. That is a rate of almost 88%. I also looked at their balance sheets and calculated profits and losses from them. Of 100% of the profits that you collect, you only have to give up 6.4%. The profit rate is thus over 93.6% and that on average over the last 11 years. Their expected value averages $ 45 million per trading day regardless of whether they win or lose. The average profit factor is $ 20. That means you risk $ 1 for a win of $ 20. Those are incredible values. Since the big players don't work with stops, I determined the CRV value from the loss days. On average, the CRV value is well above 2. The hit rate in 2020 was over 90%. And the loss rate is below 10%. This makes Goldman Sachs one of the best traders in the world. In the past eleven years, the profit factor has decreased somewhat, but has now stabilized again in the last year. The CRV value has decreased slightly over the past eight years. In the area of the hit rate, ever better values have been achieved over the past five years. That was also a little bit because of the pressure from the shareholders. At the same time, it has also enabled the loss rate to be significantly reduced in recent years. Due to different influences, the expected value has decreased significantly in the last ten years. However, this was again increased significantly in the last trading year. That means Goldman Sachs is back in the game, even though daily earnings are still 21.5% behind the penultimate five years. Nevertheless, these are exemplary values that hardly any retail trader is likely to achieve. Why is that?

First and foremost, there is a massive imbalance between the big players and retail traders. It would be comparable to a Formula 1 car versus a road vehicle. Of course, you could tune your road vehicle to have better chances, but there is always a special feature in the tuning. First of all, the engine output is increased, the vehicle should be as loud as possible and the design should also stand out. In doing so, the safety aspects, which are much more crucial for a vehicle, are often forgotten. In addition to an optimally coordinated chassis, ceramic brakes and the right tires may be a decisive aspect in order to have enough safety reserves at the decisive moment.

A Formula 1 car manages the sprint from zero to 100 in 2.4 seconds and comes to a stop in 1.2 seconds. A Porsche GT3 RS manages the sprint in 3.3 seconds and comes to a stop after 2.3 seconds. A normal road vehicle goes from zero to 100 in 8.4 seconds and comes to a stop in 3.6 seconds. No matter how hard the Porsche driver tries to tune his vehicle, he will never come close to the values of the Formula 1 vehicle. In principle, this is not necessary either. It is much more important that the Porsche driver achieves better values than the average road vehicle. And that is exactly the crucial aspect in trading. We don't have to be better than the big players, but clearly better than the average trader.

In a race, the driver's driving style is more important than the vehicle. Ferrari hired Michael Schumacher back then because his driving style enabled him to get more seconds than Ferrari would have been able to with the best technical development on the vehicle. Therefore, in my next example, I will award a maximum of 20 points for the driving style and a maximum of ten points for the vehicle. In the case of a multiplication, the maximum value is therefore 200 points.

An inexperienced racing driver with a bad racing vehicle gets 50 points. If this inexperienced driver is provided with an optimal racing car, he can achieve significantly better lap times. The score increases to 100. A top driver with a bad racing car is likely to get the same score. The optimum value can only be achieved if a top driver is equipped with a top vehicle. Let us now transfer these points to a trader. An inexperienced trader will achieve significantly better results with a better workplace than with an unsuitable workplace. And it is precisely for this reason that the right workplace is a decisive factor in order to be successful with it.

Of course, traders dream of making as much profit as possible, but unfortunately the reality is different. 90% of traders actually make losses. Having an optimal workplace is primarily about breaking even. And whoever achieves that belongs to the top 10% of all traders. If you were to tell the traders at Goldman Sachs tomorrow that they can only trade with a cell phone or laptop, everyone can imagine what the future success numbers will look like. For this reason it should seem logical that a good trading workplace can only function with a permanently installed computer. In addition to the right operating system, the screens, the workstation and the right accessories are also crucial.

Today we will deal specifically with the operating system and the screen structure. We will then talk in detail next week about the composition of the workstation and the accessories. Let's start with the Apple operating system. At Apple, the individual components are precisely matched to one another. Apple attaches great importance to the design, which is always an individual view. The susceptibility to viruses and malware is significantly lower than that of Windows. When it comes to graphics and image processing, Apple is way ahead. The functionality and way of working with the operating system also have certain advantages. The communication between mobile phone iPad and IMac are second to none. Windows is clearly left behind here. The cloud is also perfectly coordinated with Apple products. On the other hand, there is a significantly high price and to work with Windows, Boot Camp must be installed on the Apple computer. From my point of view, however, this is of no advantage.

Let's look at the Windows operating system. Basically, Windows is much better suited for gaming, which is also indirectly related to trading. The biggest advantage are the individual components from which you can assemble a Windows computer. So you can combine the fastest graphics card with the fastest processor and the fastest SSD. Let's just think of the NVMe m2 SSD which achieves a write speed of 7000 MB per second. Apple does not achieve these values. Significantly more screens can also be connected to a Windows computer. On the other hand, the susceptibility to viruses and malware is significantly higher, which can be reduced with a few tricks. With individual components, graphics and image processing are also significantly faster. The range of software is also larger, as many programs do not run on Apple. Another important point for many traders is the significantly lower cost. This means that with Windows you get more performance and speed for significantly less money and that is precisely what is crucial in trading. For reasons of performance, my choice would always be Windows.

Monitor or TV which is better? Basically you have to know that monitors with 1-4ms have a significantly faster response time than TV sets. You also have a higher refresh rate, which is measured in the hertz. Monitors have a very high pixel density at 4K. In the monitor area, there are more smaller screens and if you need larger screens, it can quickly turn into money. On the other hand, let's compare a TV that we use as a monitor. The response time is significantly slower at 5-10 ms. However, this is not a major disadvantage in trading, since we are not dealing with complex video games. Likewise, 60 Hz are absolutely sufficient to be able to display the course courses effectively. Elaborate games are not possible with it, but we don't want to play either, we don't want to lose money on the stock exchange. With larger screen areas, the pixel density in 4K is of course lower on average than with a monitor. The larger the screen area, the further apart the pixels are. In the TV sector, there are significantly larger screen areas of 55 or 75 inches. And the costs are of course much cheaper than in the monitor area. You can get a good 4K TV from Samsung or LG from 1000 €, for a comparable monitor you often have to pay 3-4 times as much. Anyone who uses complex video games is better off with a monitor; in the trading area, a modern TV is not a disadvantage.

Hertz is the physical unit for frequency. In the case of a monitor, the number of image updates per second is expressed in hertz. In this case, that's 60 frames per second that the TV can display. The FPS translates exactly the same thing in principle. It is therefore only a matter of specifying a frequency, namely how many images a graphics card can generate per second. In the case of the RTX 2080 super, that's over 200 FPS. It is important that the TV has a so-called V-Sync function, which limits the FPS to the rate of the monitor and usually ensures that the graphics card does not get too hot.

You can get good 55-75 inch 4K TVs from LG and Samsung for as little as € 1000. There are other providers, some of which are significantly cheaper and also guarantee high quality. If you need four more monitors, I would recommend LG with 32 inches, as they represent a sensational black and white value. The costs are around € 250 per screen with a flexible 3D wall bracket. Normally, an RTX 2080 would be absolutely sufficient for the 4K monitor, unless you also work with the same stock exchange software as I do, which accesses the GPU of the graphics card. This means that arithmetic operations can be carried out up to ten times faster and a larger graphics card proves to be advantageous here. The cost is around € 800. I would supply the 4 LG monitors with four external graphics cards, as they put less load on the workstation. The cost here is around € 200. The total costs for the screens, including the graphics cards, amount to around € 3,000. If you buy used things you can save up to € 1,700.

Some traders have asked me why I am working with a 75 inch 4K monitor. The answer is relatively simple because I want to focus my important charts on one point. This is a decisive advantage, especially in trading. However, my next large monitor will run in 8K. I work with five monitors in order to save time and not always have to change the charts. The question also arose that one is not able to see all the monitors at the same time. That is absolutely correct, but you have to imagine it as in an airplane. When taking off, you have other instruments in view, such as when landing or during flight. It's the same in trading. For entry I need different information than for exit or while I am trading. My charts are arranged accordingly.

In my last post you can see the same spider web that was photographed from different perspectives. On the right picture you can see that in a certain perspective, the light reflections take on the colors of the leaves and the spider web becomes invisible to the insects. In the Forex market, the course of the course is the spider web. There, situations are created again and again, whereby the retail trader should get a secure feeling of where the course is going next. So we are regularly invited to fly into the big players' spider web. The big players are smart enough to suggest to us on a regular basis that there is no such thing as a spider web.

Trading is incredibly difficult, otherwise 90% of all traders wouldn't lose their hard-saved money. But there is a way out that helps us traders, we just have to change our perspective. However, this takes some time and means a willingness to change. At first glance my developed trading screens look very complicated, but I don't do this for fun or because I have nothing better to do. I'm just changing my perspective to identify the big players' spider web. This information that I receive cannot be displayed on a cell phone or laptop. I hope that I was able to show you that a professional workplace increases the probability of winning significantly. Here is my latest video about it.

Inserted Video

At the end of next week, we will go into the specific requirements of a professional workstation and what you have to pay attention to in detail.

I wish you successful trading days until then

Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #1622 ---
Compilation of the optimal workstation

Hello dear traders,

In my last video I went into more detail about my screens and graphics cards, now the second part follows, the construction of an individual workstation. As promised, I will first provide you with the translated text in English, you can find the video link at the end of my article.

In the article I will name some of the telecommunications and computer providers that I use myself. I would like to emphasize that these are not the best providers, but only my personal selection. I do not receive any commissions from these providers and I also do not provide any links. The representations are purely informative and I recommend every trader to conduct a detailed Internet search in order to find the best price-performance ratio. In the individual countries, for example, the telecommunications providers differ considerably, which is why individual research must be done here.

Last week we talked at length about the layout of the screens and today we are going to put together our trading workstation.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

We also take a closer look at the workstation from the Montana Black Edition.

On the side you can see the individual components that make up my workstation. A processor upgrade to the Ryzen 5900 X is planned for the foreseeable future. My existing water cooling is sufficient for this. An RTX 3070 should also be used as soon as I switch to an 8K monitor. Overall, the PC was tailored to my individual trading programs and stock market software and is therefore damn fast. You can check the performance of your PC on User Benchmark yourself. Then you get the values for gaming, workstation and desktop. The values range from the tree trunk to the UFO. I am absolutely satisfied with my values in the areas of gaming, desktop and workstation. If you have worse values there, that doesn't have to be a disadvantage at first.

As a trader, there are different requirements that a workstation must meet. There are forex traders who work exclusively with the MT4 or MT5, future traders who trade with individual stock exchange software and hybrid traders like me who work simultaneously with forex and future data. Let's take a closer look at the individual differences. In the Forex area, it is crucial to know how many different screens are being used. The number of MT4 charts also determines the required performance. There are different indicators that demand different levels of performance. Another important aspect is the course data that is used in the system. All of these things ultimately determine the optimal computer. The number of screens used is also important in the future market. The decisive aspect, however, is the stock exchange software used. As a rule, it will access the CPU and the main memory. As a hybrid trader, you have access to both the exchanges and the forex data. This requires a significantly higher performance, which must always be individually tailored to the individual tools. In the example that you are currently seeing, 60 forex and 140 different future charts are open. The average trader works with a maximum of 10-15 charts open at the same time. If you try to open 50 different charts, most computers will acknowledge that with a frozen screen.

My development as a hybrid trader took many years, so I was able to adapt my workstation to the required situation again and again. Which requirements do I exactly need? I work with five screens that take up an area of 3 m². The forex and future data run together in a coordinated system. To read the algorithms, I have to be able to open up to 200 charts at the same time. I am lucky that my stock exchange software accesses the GPU of my graphics card, otherwise such a procedure would not be possible. I programmed different 1ms tones myself, but all internal computer sound cards are overwhelmed with it. The computer should be capable of producing and editing 4K films, and as a final requirement, all five screens should be controlled by a mouse and keyboard.

In order to meet all of these requirements in the best possible way, sooner or later you have to deal with the benchmarks of the individual components. For this I like to use the Passmark page, which gives me important and free information. We start with the CPU benchmark. In addition, you can see the average price and from this the value is created, which shows the price-performance ratio. The higher the number, the better the price-performance ratio. In the high-end CPU area alone, there are over 800 different processors. From the 33 fastest processors, I have selected those that have achieved the best price-performance ratio. Now I have determined the current prices in Germany in order to determine my own value for money. As you can see, the processor I used still has the best price-performance ratio. Since I only need the processor for the Forex market and for film cutting, the Ryzen 3900x is completely sufficient. If I were to buy the best processor, I would have to pay 14 times more but would only get 2.5 times more performance. From my point of view, this is unprofitable, especially since I couldn't use the power at all.

Let's now compare different SSDs with a storage size of 500 GB. Many work with the Samsung 860 EVO which has a read and write speed of 550 MB per second. The benchmark is 4352, while the Samsung 980 Pro has 14 times faster writing speed and a benchmark of 30,271. The Western Digital Black also achieves 7000 MB per second and the benchmark is 37,964. Here we see the current prices and the values for the price-performance ratio. The Samsung does better than the Western Digital in this case. In the 1 TB area it looks completely different again, which is why I opted for Western Digital here. As a RAM memory, Crossair Vengeance is unsurpassed, the benchmark speaks a clear language here too. The RTX 3090 is unsurpassed for gaming, but here it comes with a very poor price-performance ratio. The RTX 3070 offers the best price-performance ratio in the upper segment, followed by the 3060 TI and the RTX 3060. With a little experience, these graphics cards can also be overclocked to achieve even better performance. Traders who only want to work with a 55 or 75 inch 4K TV can easily use a GTX 970. I used this card for my first 55 inch 4K at the time. A used card is available from 100 €

The basis of every workstation is the mainboard. I work with an MSI X570 Pro Carbon and have had good experiences with it. I use 2 ME memory cards that are always cloned. As soon as one fails, I can continue working with the current data immediately. Only the operating system, my stock market software and the most important programs are on the cards. The desktop is occupied with 100 MB. My films and important data are stored on a two terabyte SSD, which is also backed up. There are also external sound cards to optimally display my 1ms tones. A 700 W power supply is completely sufficient, as is the water cooling of the CPU, since my temperatures are a maximum of 50 °. If you sit in front of the computer all day, the fans should be correspondingly quiet.

For a Forex trader who works with a 4K 55 inch TV, the following recommendations are sufficient. In future trading you need a fast processor as much RAM and a fast SSD as possible. For me, the graphics card and the SSD are in the foreground, the CPU and the RAM are not that important. Here, however, every trader should adapt the hardware to his software. As soon as the system is up, you should speed up your Windows. Visual effects are completely nonsensical, programs can be assigned to individual CPU cores and unnecessary apps should be removed. Just like a vehicle, the workstation must be regularly maintained and monitored. I have some tips for you on this. The free program Coretemp shows the CPU temperature for each core in the task bar. With the free program Net Speed Monitor, the upload and download numbers are visible in the task bar. To clean my computer, I use CCleaner and Advanced System Care Pro. There are many useful tools there to update drivers or block malware. You also get an overview of the most important computer functions. The program can first be downloaded for free and tested. In addition, I would recommend you to monitor your SSD. The manufacturers provide the programs free of charge.

Fiber optic offers the best ping times, and that is exactly what is crucial for a trader. I myself have opted for a 500 MBit line at Telekom and even get more performance than I pay for. My router is up to 15% more than I was promised, the line is stable and there are almost no failures. I like to pay a little more for that. I use the FRITZ! Box 7590 as a router, which I connected to my workstation with a high-quality CAT 7 cable. Due to the ping times, WLAN is not an alternative. I would also recommend you to optimize the ping values in Windows afterwards, information can be found on the Internet. For security reasons, I would recommend you as a trader to prioritize your data line in the FRITZ! Box. This is especially important when others are also accessing your internet. With the prioritization you always have a constant and stable ping value. If you can't use fiber optics, there is a way to increase your internet speed with LTE. First buy prepaid cards from different providers and use them to test LTE reception. Then get a corresponding LTE router from the best provider. The router is now connected to a high-quality antenna that is aligned with the LTE mast. With the free program LTE Watch you can now optimize the individual decibel values. You can get specific information on the Internet. This makes it easy to optimize the ping values.

Marcel Eris, stage name Montana Black is a well-known web video producer, live streamer and entertainer who mainly deals with video games on YouTube and Twitch. Since 2018 he has been the largest German gaming live streamer on Twitch and at the age of 23 he is already a very successful entrepreneur with his own merchandising. So that he can play and stream his games even better in the future, the established live streamer has put together a new computer that has achieved extraordinary values. In addition to a striking computer case, it was important to him that his new computer was particularly quiet so that it could stream without being disturbed. The company Mifcom, which already assembled his last PC, has oriented itself to this and installed ten low-noise fans in the housing. In addition to two top graphics cards, an AMD Ryzen with 32 cores, water cooling and 340 LEDs was installed. In addition, a water-cooled Playstation with 4TB memory was installed to reduce loading times. This high-tech workstation costs over € 15,000. In principle, of course, one could also use this workstation for trading, but for our purposes it would be oversized in many areas. Like Mindfactory or Cyberport, Mifcom is a well-known PC online retailer. The Montana Black Workstation is only sold exclusively through Mifcom. The Get on my Level Edition contains 3 different versions that can be put together individually. Personally, I think the design is very noticeable and cool, but it's not for everyone. It is much more important whether one can put together a reasonable trading PC with a good price-performance ratio.

Now some will say that Montana Black receives a small share of it, but I don't see any disadvantage in that. Because whenever we buy new goods, the manufacturer, wholesalers and retailers benefit. It is a normal process. Basically, you have to know that in the hardware area, especially with the dealers, the lowest profit margins are achieved, since computers are a very popular area. The question is: Is the Montana Black Edition worth it for trading and that's exactly why I examined the price-performance ratio more closely. First, I put together a Montana Black Edition workstation for € 2,500. Then I tried to put together a comparable workstation on Google and was able to save almost € 250. But is that why the Montana Black Edition is too expensive? First of all, we are comparing apples with pears, because Mifcom delivers a finished PC to me while I first have to assemble the Google order myself. And there are a few things to keep in mind.

Not everyone is able to build their own PC. The question is, does it really save money? A savings fox, first has to go about 6 hours looking for bargains, on the Internet and orders from 5 different providers. It is very likely that the goods will not arrive at the same time and the PC will have to be assembled by yourself. Missing or incorrect components can be supplied by the dealer and most users do not have the right tools or workstation. Many do not read the instructions for use and this often results in an unsuitable order during installation. Bent CPU contacts, incorrectly connected plugs, incorrectly installed RAM, incorrectly installed coolers, fans blowing in the wrong direction and forgetting the power supply switch are just a few of the aspects. In the end, you still don't have the Montana Black design.

At Mifcom, the Montana Black Edition is completely assembled and delivered for € 2,500, and you also get a 3-year guarantee with a pickup service. If I assemble my device myself, I also have a warranty on the hardware, but not if I put parts together incorrectly. If I add the 10 hours of my own effort to assemble the parts and build the PC, the effort doesn't pay off. From my point of view, there is no financial disadvantage with the Montana Black Design compared to a self-assembled PC. However, we traders don't need a PC for € 15,000.

If you save on at the wrong end, you lose more than you save. Someone wants to save on grocery shopping and is therefore comparing the best offers. This results in a shopping list at different discounters. On Saturday he drives to the cheapest discounters, to pick up the special offers. The additional fuel costs and the time required alone by no means justify the savings. A petrol station wants to advertise and is reducing fuel prices by € 0.20. You now stand in line for 2 hours. In the end, the tank only holds 60 l and the savings are 12 euros. With a part-time job, you could have earned double that amount or would have preferred to spend the valuable time with family or friends.

There is a very interesting law of the market economy. This was written by John Raskin a British writer and social philosopher. “There is hardly anything in this world that someone cannot make a little worse and sell a little cheaper. And the people who orientate themselves only on the price become the fair prey of such machinations. It is unwise to overpay, but it is equally unwise to underpay. If you pay too much, you lose some money, that's all. If you pay too little, on the other hand, you sometimes lose everything because the object you bought cannot do the job it was supposed to do. The law of the market economy forbids getting a lot of value for little money. If you accept the lowest offer, you have to add something for the risk taken. But if you do that, you will have enough money to pay for something better. "

The rule is no longer: Avarice is cool, but: added value is cool. I hope that I could give you a few tips to optimize your computer performance in the future. Every trader is as individual as a thumbprint, so his workplace should be tailored to him. If we are already sitting in front of the screens for 10-12 hours a day, we shouldn't do without some comforts. Health, nutrition, and fitness also play a crucial role, but we'll talk about that in more detail another time.

Here you can find the new video, which can also be set with English subtitles.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading and stay healthy

Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #1623 ---
10 hours of video material

Hello dear traders,

I've been with Forex Factory for over 3 years, the trigger was the High Impact member Hanover, a professional software developer with a high level of expertise in trading and probability calculations. He made his first posts on Forex Factory 15 years ago and has done a lot within that community to advance trading knowledge. Even if he posts less today because he's retired, I still think he's one of the most important members of this forum. His understanding of math, programming, and the markets help many traders face reality. Thank you again David (Hanover) for that.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In the last few years you have asked me again and again whether I could provide my best tips and experiences in video form. Since I also received a lot of information from different participants, I was happy to take this step. One hand washes the other is what they say in Germany. In the last six months I have published 15 videos with over 10 hours of video material. Although my channel is small and insignificant, over 9,000 people have already seen these videos, I would not have expected that. Thank you again for your great feedback.

I promised that I would post all of the text I use in my videos in English here at Forex Factory. Then you know what the video is about and you can watch the video again in German with the English subtitles. I have already implemented this for the last 3 videos, the next videos will follow.

https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCCb...zsD2soUtb0CTqA

I want to thank everyone again for supporting my Forex Factory blog and YouTube channel. I will continue to strive to deliver exciting and interesting content in the future.

Good luck in retail

Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #1624 ---
2 trades in 3 minutes

Hello dear traders,

In today's post and new video I will show you two specific live trades and how I calculated them beforehand with my self-developed bionic candle. Then we will precisely evaluate and even grade the two trades. With the following text I try to explain my approach in the video to the English speaking traders. The German speaking traders can watch the video directly. You can find the link at the end of the article.

Actually, we have a wrong world in the stock exchange markets. The beginner usually starts in the forex market and when he has become a professional, he usually switches to the future market. Unfortunately, the forex market is much more challenging to trade than the future market, which normally means it should be the other way around. A beginner should actually only start in the future market and, as soon as he has become a professional, switch to the forex market. I explain why this is so in my numerous videos that I have already posted on youtube. There it becomes clear why one can trade more profitably in the forex market.

The normal candle chart confused me as a beginner more than it helped me. That's why I developed my own candle a few years ago, the bionic candle. You can find information about the bionic candle in my video: tips and tricks to escape the big players. Just take a look. The strongest bullish candle is shown in yellow on my chart and the stronger the bearish pullback, the weaker the bullish candle becomes. I can see immediately how strong the movement is. The strongest, bearish candle is marked in blue on my chart, followed by the candle with a small bullish pullback. The greater this bullish pullback, the weaker the bearish candle will ultimately become.

In my video you can see the euro US dollar in the M 30 from March 17th to March 30th. First, I drew in the area of the deepest lows. I now wanted to know when the price is going up again. This is exactly why I need a reference value that I could only find in the past. The advantage of the EURUSD is that we have been within different reference values since 2009. In November 2020 my line meets reference values, now I had to look for my key candle in a deeper area.

There I noticed a strong downward movement and I placed my line there. Now it was a matter of identifying the key candle. This is a candle that breaks through my created line. My first and second identified key candles were taken out. Two key candles remained, but I chose the stronger one. Since the key candle was 16.4 pips in size, I wanted to make the zone smaller. For this I switched my chart to the M1 and reduced the zone to 4.1 pip with my Bionic candle. Now we are scrolling back into the future until March 31, we can see exactly that the price entered this zone for the first time around 5:00 a.m. in the Asian market. At around 6:30 a.m., the price ran back into this zone and at around 8:00 a.m. with the Frankfurt open, the price was pushed up more strongly.

Next, I wanted to know how far the price would go up, so I had to go back into the past and take a closer look at the price developments. In the upper area I was able to determine two other very strong resistance zones. To make these zones smaller, I had to go back to November 2020. Based on this price trend, I was able to significantly reduce my zones. After these zones were downsized, we returned on March 31st. In the video I now show how these zones, drawn in from the past, work extremely well.

Then I draw more zones in the video and we check how the course reacts to them. Basically, this procedure can be described as a kind of navigation system. Of course, I never know exactly how far a price will go into this zone. For this, however, I use very elaborately compiled stock exchange data that I have already presented a number of times in my videos. With the help of this data and my tones, I can hear exactly when buyers or sellers come into the market and how strong the respective limit orders are. So I am able to see immediately whether my drawn zone is working.

Then I explain in my video my last two trades that were completed on that day. The two upper resistance zones that I created at the beginning of the video were crucial for this. There was a very strong upward candle that broke the first zone of resistance. Because of this, this new candle was now my key candle. My guess was that the course could run until the end of the key candle at most. So I waited for the price to decline and tried to get into the market as optimally as possible. Unfortunately, the spread was a bit higher than usual, so my stop was a bit above the resistance zone. My goal was a little below the uppermost resistance zone, as I expected there to be some, stronger moves upwards. Most of the time I get off a little below the respective zone, otherwise my pip value per minute worsens.

The course developed exactly as planned. Since there was a strong resistance zone in the upper area, I wanted to take the first downward candle with me. This was actually the strongest candle in the downward run. Whenever price comes into a strong resistance zone there is a strong reaction in the opposite direction. In this case there was initially a strong upward movement. At this very moment, many long traders come into the market. Now the big players push the price down and the first stops are triggered. After that, a chain reaction develops that pushes the price further down. And this is exactly the candle I wanted to take with me.

My first trade went very well, although I was wondering whether I should extend my stop a little from 1.2 pips. I took the risk and was very lucky. The price ran up to a pipette at my stop and then turned. This also shows very clearly that my broker is absolutely fair and honest, because he could easily have got me out of the market with 6 lots. That didn't happen in this case. So that I might not get stopped out in the second trade, I increased my stop to 2.8 pips. My take profit was 255 dollars, unfortunately I was not picked up and therefore had to get out manually. Because of this, the second trade was not as effective. It was interesting, however, that I was able to plan the two trades precisely beforehand. Then I evaluated the two trades and rated them accordingly. The most important aspect was not the amount of money, but the achievement of the pip value per minute. With the two trades, I hit 5 pip per minute, triple the ATR. That was the crucial aspect for me.

In trading we always work with probabilities, but I should always know beforehand how the price will move. From my point of view, this is only possible with my developed candle and my filtered stock market data. Pay attention to these resistance zones that I have created yourself. Whenever the course enters these zones, the candles that emerge afterwards are greatest. That means if you want to trade these little breakouts you have to know exactly where these resistance zones are. This enables me to plan my trades specifically and to set the stops myself. Perhaps some will believe that the example shown is just a coincidence, but I will show you in my videos over the next few months that this procedure has nothing to do with coincidence.

Inserted Video

Here you can find my new video.

I wish you a great Easter, that you stay healthy and maybe we will hear each other again soon

Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #1625 ---
Plan the trade carefully beforehand!

Hello dear traders,

yesterday I published the most important video so far from my point of view. Every trader is always looking for important reversal points in the chart in order to pick up the corresponding upward or downward movements. Different strategies are used, which are usually based on chance. In the new video I explain exactly how you can plan a trade in advance. In addition to the stops and the TP, you can also plan the CRV precisely in advance. This means that a trader is able to pick out exactly the most effective future trades from the market. With the help of the key candle, this is often possible a few hours in advance. With my video published yesterday, you get an enormous advantage to rule out chance as much as possible. In the next few months I will go into this procedure in more detail if you are interested. The video is discussed in German, in my post from yesterday you will find the corresponding text in English. Check out the video, you might get some crucial information.

Inserted Video

Happy Easter.

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1626 ---
If I started trading today as a beginner

Hello dear algorithm traders,

Today I put a new video online on YouTube, as always I'll translate the text into English so that everyone can understand and understand the video. In addition, you can fade in English subtitles in the video. So here we go ...

We all know the sentence, if I could start all over again, what would I do differently? With this in mind, today we consider what things are important in trading, whether a trading coach is an alternative and what you should pay attention to.

I have already answered the question what would I do differently if I started all over again. I would go the same way again and do everything exactly as I have before. With stocks forex or futures there is unfortunately no beginner or advanced market, only a professional market. If you are a beginner in this market, it is like playing against Real Madrid with a district class football team . You can imagine how this match will end and therefore it is understandable that the probability of winning is just 5% and that is why so many beginners fail. The greatest and best professionals in the world trade in the forex market. Anyone expecting an opportunity here must have very special skills.

Everyone who learns something first goes through the four levels of competence development. First there is unconscious competence. I don't know that I don't know or can't do something. A six-year-old child sitting in his father's car is not aware that he cannot drive this vehicle himself. Then comes the conscious competence, which means that I become aware that I do not know or cannot do something. The twelve-year-old, who is sitting in the car next to his father, is aware that he cannot drive this vehicle. The conscious incompetence shows the person that he can and knows something. An 18-year-old learner driver gradually learns how to use the vehicle. At the beginning he has a bit of difficulty with the request inside mirror, outside mirror, look over the shoulder and only then flash. The unconscious incompetence means that knowledge and ability is integrated and runs automatically. A 24-year-old driver who has already covered a few 100,000 km sometimes does not know how he made his daily commute to work or home because he was talking to his passenger or listening to music.

Even as a trading beginner, there is an unconscious incompetence. First you discover a new indicator. As soon as a blue point appears in the low one should go long and when it appears in the high go short. You start to act and immediately the first disillusionment sets in. You quickly realize that although a point appears in the low, the price is still going down. The consequence, the indicator is simply exchanged for a new one and the game starts all over again. At some point the beginner realizes that an indicator cannot predict the future for them, and the fastest indicator is price. Now comes the conscious competence that shows him that a candle is only a statistical coincidence that arises from time and price. After a few years, the mechanisms of a trade run automatically, the breakeven point is reached and ensures that no more losses are made. It is now a matter of optimizing profits. Imagine you had to go on a space walk as an astronaut. You have two astronaut suits to choose from. The first suit is proven and has been used by NASA for many years and the second suit is high-tech with a second pressure build-up where you can survive in space even with a hole in the suit. Which suit would you choose? Probably for the suit that offers you the highest level of security. Where would you invest your money, in the futures market or in the forex market. Probably also where security is highest. In the future market, you are liable with all of your private assets in the event of an unscheduled breakout. In the forex market you are only liable with your credit on the broker account. This can mean a difference of a few 100,000 euros. Now some will say that they only trade in the futures market because there is better data available there. That's right, but you can also use the future market data to trade more efficiently in the forex market. Please have a look at my video: Hybrid Trader, the future of effective trading. There I will show you exactly how you can combine the future and forex data with each other in order to achieve the greatest possible advantage.

Many beginners start with a small account of € 200-500, download the MT4 and start trading on their laptop. Why that goes wrong and which IT equipment I recommend you get in the two videos: With a laptop against the biggest big players in the world; and tips and tricks, assemble your trading PC yourself. Basically I recommend a starting capital of 5000-10,000 € to every trader. Good screens should be purchased for this, the workstation should be tailored to the software, the stock exchange software should be clear and understandable, the data feed cheap, the forex broker honest, the future broker fast and the ping times short. We'll take a closer look in a moment to see if the help of a trainer is required. For the total investment in the area of screens and workstations, we invest between € 2,000 and € 5,000. In the beginning, used devices are a good alternative if you can demonstrate a high quality standard. For internet, stock market software and data feed you should invest around 100 € per month. This investment is critical. We have found that the risk in the forex market is significantly lower than in the futures market. For this very reason, I recommend trading in the Forex market and at the same time extracting the crucial data from the futures market. For this I would deposit € 2,500 with a forex broker, € 500 is enough with a future broker, because I don't want to trade there. The right data feed is crucial. I have produced a detailed video about choosing the right broker, which I recommend to you. There you will get all the information you have to pay attention to in order to find the right broker. (You can find all the information in the video)

Then comes the crucial point that makes you a profitable trader. It's about the basics of trading and primarily about understanding how the big players operate and work. Any trader who can understand this will be able to trade profitably relatively quickly.

The challenge for every beginner

Different strategies are tried out

Successful strategies are made worse

Indicators are tested and discarded

in the event of longer losses, the strategy is crushed

Confusing information from the Internet

Stops are being dragged for too long

Profits are taken too quickly

Losses are not accepted (revenge trades)

And the main focus is on making profits rather than making fewer losses.

Let's compare the probability of success of a self-employed person with a trader. Only 25% of all self-employed can make a long-term living from being self-employed. 5% of all traders can make a long-term living from their trading. That means it is five times harder to be successful as a trader. This is where a trading coach could help. But there are a few things to keep in mind.

First of all, the investment in a trading coach should make up a maximum of 20% of the start-up capital. With a starting capital of 5000 € that would be 1000 € for the coaching. I have never worked with a trading coach but if I were a beginner I would expect this for 1000 €. One-to-one coaching that lasts at least two days, or even better, three days or at least 20 hours. One-to-one coaching has the advantage that the trainer can cater to you individually. Joint live trading in the forex market should also take place. Why in the forex market. Because the biggest and most successful big players in the world only trade in the Forex market. By the way, 85% of all global traders also trade in the Forex market. Personally, I would not hire a trainer who is not able to trade profitably in the Forex market. Don't just be fobbed off with videos, videos are good, but the coach should cater to you individually. That brings the greatest benefit and advantage. At the same time, the trainer should be able to explain exactly how the big players in the market work and how they use the algorithms to gain advantages. If he can't do that, I would look for another coach. Ultimately, the trainer should address your strengths and weaknesses individually. If you are only in an online seminar with 30 other participants, this decisive criterion will not be met. Find a real mentor. The trainer should also be able to explain to you simply how you can achieve extreme market advantages with the help of the time and sales list or the DoM. In addition, he should refrain from volume trading, as the volume is only an addition of ask and bid. However, ask and bid never meet in the market, so it is unnecessary to add them together. It is much more important to work out the decisive limit orders in order to recognize what the big players are currently collecting. This is the only way to determine the medium-term price trend. And finally, the trainer should provide you with his personal setup that he works with. When all of these things are fulfilled, you can get coached with a clear conscience.

In principle, it is only a matter of breaking even once. You can do that after an average of 3600 trades. After that, profits must be made and gradually optimized. This breakeven point is the key to any trader's success and that is why I would pay the greatest attention to it. Now comes the big question, how does a part-time worker manage to complete 3600 trades in a short period of time? One possibility would be as a scalper who trades between 1 and 2 minutes. Goal 2 pip TP and a stop of 2 pip. For example, the best times in EURUSD are between 7:30 a.m. and 11:30 a.m. and between 2:30 p.m. and 6:30 p.m. In addition, there is often higher volatility in the market until 8:00 p.m. A full-time trader has 480 candles available in 8 hours and a part-time trader has 120-240 candles in 2-4 hours. Now let's look at how that could work. A beginner with an unconscious competence completes 900 trades per year, makes 10% profit and 90% loss and trades 0.25 lots. His loss is € 4050, the profit is € 675 and the total loss is € 3375 after the first year. In the second year the profit increases to 20%, the number of lots is increased to 0.5 and the profit increases more than the loss. In the third year the profit increases to 30%, the number of lots is increased to 0.75 and again the profit increases more than the loss. In the fourth year, the part-time trader has reached his breakeven point. After six years he has made up all the losses, is somewhat in profit and then has the opportunity to work as a full-time trader. With good money management, he can make significantly higher profits and improve his odds over the next few years.

As we know, the biggest mistake is to believe that trading is easy. This is simply because you need a certain amount of time to learn this activity. An apprentice learns a trade for three years, the doctor studies and as a trading beginner I try to break even. The craftsman is now learning as a journeyman, the doctor is still studying and the trader is now trying to optimize his profits. After nine years the craftsman is a master, the doctor becomes a specialist and the trader is possibly a professional. First, let's look at the first three crucial years of an apprentice in a craft. He needs 2,000 theory hours and 4,000 practical hours, so a total of 6,000 hours in three years. Let's transfer that to a part-time trader who wants to break even in four years. First of all, during this time he goes through all four skill levels, he needs 1000 practical hours and 500 theory hours per year. To complete 3,600 trades in four years, 900 trades per year are necessary. This means the part-time trader has to be ready to trade 4 hours a day, invest 10 hours in theory on the weekend and complete four trades a day. You automatically ask yourself whether it can be done this way in four years.

Let us assume that it is theoretically possible, it would ultimately still mean a loss of € 12,000 in the first three years and the breakeven point would only be reached in the fourth year. Even after five years there would still be a total loss of € 7,500. What do you think your partner says about it? With the right mentor at your side, you may be able to skip two skill levels and even save two years of losses. This means that after five years you will have achieved an advantage of over € 30,000. If you have spent 1000-2000 € on the trading coach, it can even pay off under certain circumstances.

Basically you don't need a coach to be successful, but a mentor is often helpful if he is there for you at the right moment. A mentor differs from a coach in that he does not pass on a mass product to thousands of traders, but helps you individually. He also does not advertise, but is recommended only secretly. When you meet a coach, first let them show you his personal setup. If he is ready to teach you his setup in a personal single training, you are already a decisive step further. Don't be dazzled by Ferrari, great houses or money. A restaurateur who drives a Ferrari doesn't have to prepare better food than a restaurateur who just drives a golf. In this case, please only think of yourself. It's just about making sure you break even as quickly as possible. And you should only ask yourself two questions with a trading coach. Can the coach help you to achieve your personal goal and do you have a good feeling about it? If you can answer these two questions positively, you are a good step further. I wish you a successful trade and would be happy to receive a YouTube subscription.

Inserted Video

Here is the new video

Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #1627 ---
Trading Millionaire, How Realistic Is That?

Hello dear traders,

Today I put a new video online on YouTube, as always I will translate the text into English for you so that everyone can understand the video. In addition, you can fade in English subtitles in the video. So here we go ...

In times of social networks, there is a lot of envy and feelings arise at the same time, that's also, what I want to achieve. On Instagram, YouTube or Tick Toc, many trading coaches show their profits and talk about their rise into the league of the beautiful and the rich. The really dramatic thing about it is the fact that it is hardly understandable whether this gain is actually based on competence or just on pure coincidence. Success cannot be judged solely by whether someone makes money on the stock market. The decisive factor is whether he is able to get others to make a long-term living from trading. And that is exactly what will be achieved in the rarest of cases, since every person is different. On the one hand, the trading coaches tell that it is not easy to become a millionaire, but at the same time they get out of their sports car with a wad of money or show their newest villa. Today we're going to review together how realistic it is to become a trading millionaire.

Especially now in the corona crisis, the demand for financial freedom and independence from the employer is increasing. A beautiful villa, enough money, a sports car or nice vacation trips are the secret dream of many people. In fact, very few are able to realize these dreams in the long term. By the way, you can also become a millionaire by working as a doctor, lawyer or tax advisor. However, the way there appears to be too strenuous for most people. For this, many would have to catch up on their Abitur within 1-2 years in order to study for 6-8 years afterwards. Most of them are not in a position to invest these ten years and at the same time forego a regular income. It seems a lot easier to earn millions with a laptop on the stock exchange. Unfortunately, most traders have no idea who they are actually up against. How crucial the right trading equipment is, I describe in my articles: With a laptop against the biggest big players in the world and tips and tricks put together your own trading PC. Take a look at the two videos, because you will get very important information.

Inserted Video

Inserted Video

If you want to become a millionaire, you must first invest 1 million. I don't mean money, but time, sweat and effort. And those who are not ready to do so have no chance of becoming successful in the long term. I would like to show you my profit and loss account, which was drawn up 31 years ago. At this point in time, I was in the third year of my self-employment and had already been asked by the tax office to do my balance accounting. My income was 458,000 DM and I took 121,000 DM of that and invested it back in my company. From my point of view, that was the best capital investment. The bottom line was DM 88,000. I could have paid myself 200,000 DM but wanted to invest in my company. That means I've reinvested over 26%. 88,000 DM is an exceptionally good annual net income for a 25-year-old. If we calculate the 3000 hours that I worked for it, the hourly wage is 30 DM. A doctor and lawyer earned that at that time, but I also worked twice as much as the average person. And that's exactly what most of people don't see. Incidentally, I drove a Golf Diesel with 60 hp at the time. A year later, at the age of 26, I bought my first Mercedes. However, it was a used vehicle, cost 15,000 DM and I paid for the car in cash.

Let's start with the pure probability and to what extent it is possible for you to become a millionaire in trading. Let's do a little test for that. Your goal now is to predict the movement of the next seven M1 candles. A candle can only run up or down. We neglect dojis here. Let's start with the first candle, it goes up or down? The correct answer is: The candle run down. Do we come to the second candle that goes up or down? She runs upstairs. Where does the next candle go? Downward. We come to the fourth candle, which also runs downwards. The fifth candle goes up, the sixth candle goes up, and the seventh candle goes down. If you had correctly predicted the direction of all seven candles, you could become a millionaire trader from the perspective of probability.

Let's do a little test to understand the probability that you need to become a millionaire in trading. Our alphabet consists of 26 letters. Now please think of four letters, whereby you can also name all letters multiple times. Now a random number generator selects four letters. If you have chosen exactly these four letters, regardless of the order, there is a chance that trading will make you a millionaire. It looks very easy in terms of play, but in practice it is not that easy.

Only 25% of all self-employed people can make a long-term living from their business. This is also due to the fact that many self-employed give up beforehand. From the odds of the last 30 years we know that 5% of all Forex traders can live from their business in the long term. That is a significantly worse rate and it is five times harder as a trader to live from his business than if you were self-employed. On the other hand, becoming a millionaire is even more difficult. In Germany there are 70 million people who can theoretically become millionaires. Why only 70 million, because the children from 0-18 were neglected here. There are a total of 2.1 million millionaires, which corresponds to a quota of 3%. In Germany there are 4 million self-employed, 25% of whom can live from their business, that is a total of 1 million self-employed. The background is that a large number of them are closed again due to the large number of small companies. Let us now assume that the rate is 20% to become a millionaire as a successful self-employed person. This results in 200,000 millionaires with a quota of 5%. The majority of millionaires relate to inheritances and corporate transfers. This means that the probability of becoming a self-employed millionaire is significantly higher than hoping for an inheritance.

In Germany there are 50,000 Forex traders, 5% can live from the business, that's around 2500 traders. If we also take a quota of 20% to become a millionaire, then we are talking about 500 trading millionaires in total. By the way, in the last 4 years there have been over 500 lottery millionaires in Germany alone. The rate of 1% is significantly worse than for the self-employed and it is three times more likely to become a millionaire through an inheritance. A trader who works with stock market data is three times as likely to be successful. If 20% of them become millionaires, that would be 1500 possible trading millionaires. The rate would increase to 3%. In conclusion, whether you are a successful trader or waiting for your inheritance, the odds of becoming a millionaire are the same. Not much would change in our probability game, instead of correctly guessing the movement of seven candles in a row, you would still have to be right on five candles. Now we have calculated enough with probabilities and take a look at a concrete calculation example.

A trader has a capital of 13,333 euros, trades with 4 lots, a leverage of 30, the spread is 0.9 PiP for different currency pairs, the stop is 3 pip, the TP is 6 pip, the risk is a maximum of 1.17% of the Total Capital, the CRV at 2, the win rate at 60%, and the loss rate at 40%. On average, 3.06 pip is gained per trade, 1.56 pip is lost, so the average profit is 1.5 pip. The profit is € 122.40 and the loss is € 62.40, so the expected value is € 60 per trade, regardless of whether you win or lose. Let's summarize again briefly. TP 6 pip with a stop of 3 pip, the trader is in trading 12 hours a day and carries out four trades a day. This means he has 1,000 trades per year. Our goal to be a millionaire after a year.

We start with the first trade, 13,333 capital, the profit averages 60 € and the total capital increases by the profit. A total of four lots were traded. In the second trade, the number of lots is now scaled up in such a way that there is never a higher risk than 1.17%. After 20 trades we are already at 4.36 lots and after 36 trades we are already at 4.68 lots. After 964 trades we have already exceeded the million mark and after 1000 trades a profit of almost 1.2 million is achieved. The number of lots is just under 355. First of all, we're looking forward to the trader's tax. 2.4 million wins and 1.2 million losses were made. The net income is just under 1.2 million. We can deduct 20,000 of the losses for tax purposes. Added to this is our income, which means we have to pay tax on € 2.4 million, even though we only earned € 1.2 million. From this the withholding tax of € 633,000 becomes due and a profit of € 554,000 remains. We just missed the million.

In Future FX, 200,000 lots are traded daily, which corresponds to 140 lots per minute. If I am in the market with 350 lots, that is two and a half times what is traded in Euro FX per minute. This makes you noticed relatively quickly. 14,000 lots per minute are traded in the euro US dollar, and 350 lots are also noticeable here. Even if you trade ten lots in the future market, the big players will quickly find out. This is exactly the reason why I only trade a maximum of 10 lots in the Forex market. The higher the number of lots, the sooner you will be discovered, and we must not forget that brokers increase the margin as soon as you trade a higher number of lots. Anyone who trades with over 100 lots has to deal with native or synthetic iceberg orders. Completely different strategies are required here, which also entail significantly higher costs. In my post Hybrid Trader, the future of effective trading, you will get more information about this. If we now assume that in our case the limit has been reached at 10 lots, we will see that in the end only a profit of € 152,700 will be achieved. After deducting the tax, you have a net amount of € 75,000.

Inserted Video

90% of all traders lose money in the first 6000 screen hours. And that's when most of them give up. Only 10% of all traders reach the breakeven point after another 6000 hours and only half of them can live from trading in the long term. For many, the dream of becoming a trading millionaire will have already burst, but under certain conditions it is still possible. We take a TP of 3 pip and a stop of 2 pip, the trader is in trading 10 hours a day and completes 10 trades times 250 trading days per day, which corresponds to 2500 trades per year. This means that it is quite possible to earn € 225,000 per year even with the new tax legislation. How this works exactly and what you have to pay attention to, I'll show you in my article Trader Tax 2021 without me.

Inserted Video

If a trader earns € 225,000 net per year, it primarily depends on how much of this income he spends on luxury items. This makes it possible to become a millionaire over a period of 5-10 years. However, only if he creates the specifications and is willing to work over 3000 hours a year for it. I believe that you will recognize that trading is not easy, but rather complex. When you think, that you can take a laptop and trade your way up to a millionaire, forget it.

The big question: is it really important to be a millionaire? When I bought a Porsche for my 28th birthday, I made an interesting observation. Just because I drove a Porsche, I wasn't worth more than anyone else. The Porsche was crazy loud and tough and I missed my beautiful S Class. A person's worth is not measured in terms of a vehicle, a villa or money. A person's worth is determined by how they treat other people. And that is exactly something that money can never buy. In my last video, I made a comparison between a beginner trader and a big player. It's like a young football team playing against Real Madrid. When I started trading over 11 years ago, my intention was not the Porsche, the Ferrari or the money, as I had already achieved those things. I wanted to develop a strategy for myself that would enable me to score a goal against Real Madrid. The best traders in the world work in this market, they are incredibly well positioned, work with the best technology and have tons of money. Asserting myself here was my greatest motivation, which has not let up after 11 years. I get up every morning with the necessary respect to meet these great players on the field. It is an incredible challenge every day that I have a lot of fun with.

With money we can buy a house but not a home, we can buy a watch but not the time, we can buy a book but not the knowledge, we can acquire status but not respect and we can pay the doctor but don't buy health. From my point of view, it is not important to be a millionaire, it is much more important to enjoy your work. And if you earn above-average money with it, you are already a significant step further. In these situations, the actual questions that ultimately come to the fore: What makes me happy and satisfied? We don't need to be particularly risk takers or cautious people to live happy and contented lives. But we should ask ourselves what our trading behavior is like and whether it makes us happy. If we can answer yes to that, that's excellent, otherwise we have to change something. And if it doesn't work out as a trader, that's not bad, over 7.75 billion people are not traders and are still satisfied and hopefully happy.

Inserted Video

And here is the video that goes with it

I sincerely wish you all the best in trading and keep my fingers crossed for you

Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #1628 ---
How the big players manipulate us

Hello dear subscribers,

the new video is online and, as always, you will first receive the English translation. You can find the link from the video at the end of my post.

The reason why so many traders lose is due to the fact that the current market situation is often misinterpreted. This is less due to the ability of the trader than to the fact that the big players are show us a false truth. In today's video we will take a closer look at how the big players manipulate the markets and mislead us in the process.

First of all, I would like to go back to the different proportions of the various markets. In the middle we see the daily turnover bar in the Forex market, a total of 8000 billion dollars. The global stock market trades $ 400 billion a day. This makes the Forex market 20 times larger than all stocks that are traded worldwide. In the future and options market, 400 billion are traded daily and here too the forex market is 20 times larger. The EURUSD is the largest asset in the Forex market at $ 2,400 billion.

If we now compare this single asset to the global stock market, the EURUSD is still 6 times larger than the 51,000+ public companies listed on the stock exchange worldwide. The EURUSD is also 6 times as large as all futures and options on the world's stock exchanges. It should therefore seem logical that the largest big players in the world are almost exclusively at home in forex.

If we look at the 100 largest big players in EURUSD, we see that they trade an average of 166,000 lots per day. That is an average sales volume of $ 16.6 billion, with the biggest big players approaching a sales volume of $ 100 billion every day. The daily sales volume of the world's largest stock, Apple, is $ 8 billion. Now it should also be clear why the world's largest big players rarely operate in the stock or futures markets. As we know, the forex market was only founded so that banks could trade with one another, independently of the stock exchanges. This results in significantly lower costs for the banks. The main intention of the various traders in EURUSD is not to profit, but primarily to exchange different currencies around the world. There are different hedging models and hedging transactions with currencies. Of course, the EURUSD is also used to make a profit, but one should differentiate between the various market participants such as scalpers, day traders and swing traders. There are also different transactions that banks carry out on behalf of customers. Since the twelve largest big players in EURUSD dominate the market by 85%, it should be obvious to specialize in precisely this target group, as these big players leave the biggest footprints in the market.

At the beginning and towards the middle of the month there are regular large currency transactions in EURUSD. However, these can only be read out with stock exchange data. On May 11, 2020 we can see in Euro FX how 1135 lots entered the market in the form of market buy orders. As a rule, these currency transactions are carried out with market orders, since processing with limit orders would take much too long. In this case, the dollar was exchanged for euros. The green circles show an exit from the dollar. The problem with this is that inexperienced market participants see it as buying a euro. Since the forex market is 100 times larger than the futures market, the turnover here was around $ 11 billion. Big banks have the order from different big companies to carry out a currency exchange at a certain point in time. The big bank would like to take up this volume with its own limit orders in order to generate an additional trade from it. However, this procedure is prohibited by the stock exchange supervisory authority. Theoretically, however, there are partner banks that are friends and take up this volume with their limit orders. The only requirement you just have to know at what point in time, at what price level, what number of volumes will come into the market. Then they can push the market in the profit direction and at the end share the profit.

Let's take a look at an example in 5 seconds where 1000 lot market buy orders were accepted by a friendly partner bank with limit sell orders. It was definitely too fast for most of them, so let's take another look at it a little slower. First of all, we see how regularly 100 lot market buy orders come into the market and are absorbed by the hidden iceberg orders. The befriended partner bank had already filled the decisive price levels with iceberg orders hours beforehand, as there was a clear agreement. Gradually, the market buy orders are absorbed, whereby of course one or the other lot also benefits other market participants. After all market buy orders have been accepted, the partner bank withdraws its iceberg orders on the limit buy side. Now massive market sell orders are shot into the market and push the price down. What is happening right now? We take another closer look, when the big market buy orders hit the market. What do you think the retail traders who are seeing this are thinking? They believe that a big player is buying massive ask to push the market up. What most do not know is that it is not the euro that is being bought, but that the dollar is being sold. Many market participants will now also enter the market with a long position in the hope that it will generate a high profit.

After the partner bank has pushed the price 10 ticks down, the first stops of the long traders are triggered. Now a chain reaction occurs and the price continues to decline. The 1000 Lot Limit Sell Order has now reached an average profit of 15 ticks. Converted to the Forex market, this already results in a profit of almost $ 10 million. And we are only at the beginning, the course will with a high probability continue to go down. Now let's look at the situation in the Forex market. Here we see the entry of 100,000 lots, since the Forex market is 100 times larger than the futures market. Then the course was strategically pushed down. The white zone is an artificial resistance zone created by the big players. Many market participants were now of the opinion that the course would go up. With the help of the stops triggered by the long traders, the price was pushed down. That was an excellent starting point to get out of the dollar position with market buy orders. Many institutional traders were of the opinion that the price would continue to decline and were therefore willing to place liquidity in the form of limit sell orders. Overall, this resulted in a profit of around $ 40 million, which the two big players then shared. The market was now up and the major customers for whom the currency exchange was carried out were also satisfied in the end. If the currency exchange had been processed at the blue arrow above, that would have been a clear disadvantage for the major customers. In the end, the winner was the bank that processed the currency exchange. First, she made huge fees on the currency exchange plus an additional $ 20 million. All's well that ends well.

It is precisely for this reason that it is crucial to know what is happening in the market. for many years, I too used to be of the opinion that a big player would buy massively Ask. At the time I didn't understand what was happening. Here we see a situation that occurred last year at the beginning of the corona crisis. Due to the lockdown, many traders were not at their workplaces and were therefore unable to place the crucial limit orders in the market, which ensure low volatility. This resulted in massive high volatility in the EURUSD. The central banks stepped in and within 5 minutes $ 50 billion was shot into the EURUSD. The situation calmed down and then there was a greater equilibrium. Those who identify such situations immediately are able to save a lot of money by not participating in the market.

Basically, every trader has the decision whether to work in the Forex market without stock market data or in the future market with stock market data. Due to the in-depth stock market data, future traders often feel they have an advantage. But is that really the case?

Is the future trader more professional...

• although he is taking a disproportionately higher risk

• Even though he is trading in a 100 times smaller market

• Although he doesn't get anywhere with volume either

• Although he has a win rate three times smaller

• Although he needs more capital to trade

• Although he has to trade at least 1 lot

• Although it is recognized more quickly in the market

• Although he has less information available

• Although it is often slower to trade

• Although he pays more fees

As I have already written in several posts, the solution could be the hybrid trader. Forex and future data are combined with one another. However, some changes are necessary for this. The change in the stock exchange has also changed strategies over the past 600 years. Anyone who works with candle formations, market technology, chart technology or indicators today will notice that they quickly reach their limits due to the way the big players work. More than ten years ago, the hype came from the USA with the footprint chart and volume trading.

Why doesn't volume training work?

First of all, the volume is just an addition of the ask and bid. Bid, these are the market sell orders, that run into liquidity, i.e. the limit buy orders. Ask, these are the market buy orders, that run into liquidity, i.e. the limit sell orders. However, bid and ask never meet in the market and have nothing to do with each other; curiously, they are added up anyway. Of course you can see the total volume with it, but this is the past and I am not able to tell whether an accumulation or distribution has taken place. On the bid side we see a distribution in equilibrium, then a stop hunting upwards and then the course runs downwards. Stophunting has the cheapest price and the low the highest price. The equilibrium has the fairer price. If we now draw in the volume, we will find that the largest volume mountain always shows the fair price. But we don't want to trade in equilibrium or at a fair price, we want to buy cheap and sell again at high prices. It looks the same on the Ask side. This is just one of the reasons why volume trading doesn't work and is based on sheer chance.

When looking at the accumulation and distribution phases, one automatically asks oneself which data is most important in order to make effective trading decisions from it? Let us first look at the accumulation phase, where the ask is collected, there may still be stopfishing, the price will be pushed up until the big player exits the euro at point B. In the re-accumulation phase, ask is collected again, possibly stopfishing, the price is pushed up until the big players exit the euro at point D. In the distribution phase, the bid is collected and the price is pushed down until the big players exit the dollar. In the re-distribution phase, bids are also collected and the price is pushed down until the big players exit the dollar again. If, as a trader, I am able to identify points A through H, I have already achieved a great goal.

As a hybrid trader, this is much easier because my attention is focused on the big players and I try to use the algorithms to find out which limit orders are currently being collected. To do this, I should know the different big player strategies exactly. If it is an accumulation or distribution, the big player is pushing the price right through, making his own volume available or is a currency exchange taking place with a front running on the limit side. I just showed you this situation in the video. Then it is essentially a matter of finding out which market orders fill the special limit orders in order to carry out a collective action. With specially filtered limit orders, this can be seen exactly in the market. From this I create my individual navigation map, which shows me exactly when the euro or dollar is being bought or sold.

It is not the strongest species to survive, nor the most intelligent, it is the one that is most likely to adapt to change. However, change often creates fear, frustration and stress. For this reason, people like to avoid change. When you are forced to change as an employer, there is initially a shock. Rejection is the first reaction to oppose the change. After the frustration, acceptance slowly arises. You start to test the change, it gets a bit bumpy and you come to the realization that it has significantly more advantages than the old way of working. Integration begins with future success. The worst sentence there is: We have always done it this way. Among other things, this could also be a reason why these previously very successful companies no longer exist today. Incidentally, these were the ten largest bankruptcies in Germany.

The biggest stake I traded with was 20 lots. That means I was in the market with over € 2 million, but with this large sum I was hardly able to influence the market. To move the market by one pip in EURUSD, you need between 10-20,000 lots. Now some will say you can move the market with one lot, that's true, but a big player must have invested 19,999 lots beforehand in order, that you can move the market with one lot. I think it becomes clear what I want to show with this. If we are not able to move the market, we have to let the big players take us away. To do this, however, I have to know beforehand which direction it will take in the future. This only works with the help of the filtered limit orders. For the short-term movements, I have to go deeper into the market, the filtered algorithms help me to see exactly where the short-term movements are going.

In the last 5 years the situation on the markets has changed significantly. New algorithms and strategies create more confusion, the error rate increases and the losses increase. The big players are upgrading, the technology is becoming faster and more efficient. Anyone who wants to survive in this market in the long term must also keep up with progress and invest. We may not have the necessary money to implement the same technical equipment as the big players, but those who are creative and willing to continue their education will still have a lot of fun in the markets for the next few years. You don't need a lot of money for this, but you need the right filter settings to see exactly what the big players are up to. A trader needs a market advantage in order to make money and we find that market advantage in the algorithms. It all sounds very complicated, but basically it's easier than you think. We will deal with it more concretely in the next few months, maybewith this informations you will come closer and closer to your goal.

Inserted Video

I wish you a really great weekend and a very successful trade in the next week.

Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #1629 ---
Excellent, subtle information here. Much of interest as always.

Have a great weekend, Michael.

--- 帖子 #1630 ---
Video: How the big players manipulate us every day

Hello Lem,

Thank you very much, I am happy if the information helps our community. Due to the many different market participants in EURUSD, it is very challenging to reconstruct the actual course of the prices exactly afterwards. My comments are of course only my personal opinion, in reality the situation described can also have happened completely differently. Just the representation of the DoM in my video was very complex to produce and took a lot of time. Through you and many other subscribers in my blog, I received a lot of ideas and clues that helped me advance my creativity. That's why my subscribers are very important to me and they deserve the best information, which I am happy to continue to provide free of charge. One hand washes the other, for which I would like to thank all subscribers again.

I wish you a nice weekend.

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1631 ---
Forex Factory, How Do I Find Like Minded Traders Near Me?

Hello dear subscribers,

the new video is online and, as always, you will first receive the English translation. You can find the link from the video at the end of my post.

Most retail traders have three problems. They are alone when trading, only focused on their strategy, receive little market information and do not know a successful trader with whom they can exchange ideas from time to time. In today's post I would like to offer you a possible solution to these 3 problems, which can only be reached via a few detours.

When I started trading over 11 years ago, I knew from the start what was coming. If you sit in front of your training screens every day and wait for the right opportunity, you will eventually realize that trading is a very boring job. It is comparable to a hunter, who stands on his perch and waits for a deer. In the same way, we traders wait every day for the optimal situation to place our trade. As soon as we are in the trade it will be exciting and time will fly by. Then we sit in wait again for the next trade. First of all, how much time do we spend waiting each day? Let's take a day trader who sits in front of the screen for 10 hours a day, is in trading for 2 hours and analyzes for 1 hour. This trader would spend 7 hours a day waiting. The scalper also sits in front of the screen for 1 hour for different analyzes, but is only in stores for a total of 30 minutes. In this case, he would spend as much as 8.5 hours waiting. Let us now consider such a daily routine. Our first trade is a loss, the next short trade works, and the subsequent long trade works too. The next trade is a failure, but the last trades are doing very well. The trader was in the market for 120 minutes and made two losses and four wins. He spent a total of 480 minutes waiting. This quickly adds up to 2000 hours of waiting time per year. If you used these 2,000 hours effectively, you could learn two new languages or a programming language in this time. Theoretically, you could also get your car driver's license 20 times or your pilot's license 5 times. We don't believe how much time people spend waiting instead of using the time effectively. My specially developed navigation system with the Bionic candle helped me with this.

I have already shown several times in my videos how I draw my zones with the help of the Bionic candle. With a good navigation system you are not forced to look at the screen all the time. Of course, I also tried to use my waiting time as effectively as possible.

I spent 3000 hours doing my master's in Java

I used 6000 hours to write about five books on my blog.

2,500 hours were spent on various projects in the area of algorithms.

I used 3000 hours to further my education.

I spent 2500 hours doing various video analyzes of my trading.

In 2000 hours I programmed different indicators and filter settings.

I spent 500 hours improving my English skills

It took me 500 hours to produce over 100 videos that I posted on my blog or YouTube.

This level of comfort can be just achieved in a few professions, since waiting times are usually not that long there. It would be a huge waste of time if you as a trader did not use this time effectively. A little tip on the side, if you want to learn a programming language or English, you can take a look at Udemy. Udemy offers a wide variety of courses. The cost is between € 9 and € 16. I don't know if they are really the best. It's best to do your own research on the Internet. A trader has three challenges to face in daily trading. He usually works alone and mostly with a similar strategy. He has no or insufficient market information and knows little or no trader with whom he can communicate regularly. Of course he could place an ad, but I think we all understand that this ad would not be very successful. But there is a much easier way. At forexfactory.com we find the largest trading platform in the world.

Forex Factory

850,000 members,

3.6 million daily hits

20% of all global traders are registered there

500-1000 new members join every day

You will find over 7.5 million posts there

75,000 different threads

Over 4 million images

500,000 free indicators

Membership is free of charge, and there are no follow-up costs. The only challenge, the main language is of course English, although as a trader you have to deal with the English language anyway. If you don't speak English at all, you can have all articles translated with Google. Another challenge is the search for interesting threads. I will give you some tips today. The reason I signed up with Forex Factory three and a half years ago: It is the largest trading platform in the world. Of course there are certainly good platforms in Germany, but the English are leaders in the Forex sector and the Americans are leaders in the futures sector. And it is precisely these traders that you rarely find on German platforms. If you want to celebrate, you definitely won't go to a club where nothing is going on, but where a lot of people are partying. This is where you are most likely to meet new, interesting people and have fun at the same time. The same applies if you want to sell a vehicle or close your household. Then only platforms that have a high throughput are eligible.

Let's take a closer look at Forex Factory. There are 717,400 members who operate in the Forex sector and 126,600 members who trade in the futures market. A total of 844,000 members. 747,000 losing traders, 42,000 breakeven traders and 55,000 winning traders. That means at Forex Factory there are almost 100,000 traders who do not make any losses in the long term. Around 120,000 members are registered on the world's largest future platform. Forex Factory is 7 times bigger. Due to the size, there are of course more losing traders at Forex Factory, the number of breakeven traders is 7 times as high, there are 3 times as many profit traders and 4 times as many profit and breakeven traders. Forex Factory will soon have as many profit and breakeven traders as the largest future platform has total members. There was once an interesting experiment by the University of Montpellier which was subsequently published in the journal Nature. 366 test persons were divided into groups of 2, 4, 8 and 16 people and were asked to solve differently difficult tasks on the computer. The small groups mastered the simple tasks consistently well, but deteriorated over time in the difficult tasks. The larger groups improved in the simple tasks while the performance in the difficult tasks remained constant. This means that the larger groups could learn more quickly from their colleagues. Since larger groups also communicate with one another at Forex Factory, complicated tasks could be solved more quickly.

You probably know the following situation. One looks for a certain indicator on the Internet. You will find different results and exactly the indicator that you find best costs 100 euros. You may decide on a paid version and at the end find out that there would have been much better alternatives. One of the most important indicators in the forex market are the currency strength indicators, which incidentally do not exist in the futures market. You can find the best for free at Forex Factory. No paid currency strength indicator is better. This is because the excellent programmers at Forex Factory have a lot more knowledge of trading than a pure programmer who wants to make money with it. Incidentally, the paid indicators have been tested many times at Forex Factory and the results were catastrophic. So you can even save a lot of money here. I received the currency strength indicator that you can see here from Forex Factory and filtered it individually. You can find more information about this in my blog.

Let's take a quick look at Forex Factory and what to expect there. Here we find nine different forums and in interactive trading we go to the EURUSD. In this blog, different participants give their opinion on the current course. In the Trades category, over 13,000 participants make their live trades available. We see the current monthly return here. Overall, the best 99 returns are shown. With one click you can take a closer look at the individual trades. The positioning in the most important currency pairs is displayed from these live trades. In the euro US dollar, 38% of the participants are long and 62% short-oriented. You can also display the positioning of the contracts. Under the News tab you will find all the latest news that are just coming in. The current news or meetings in the different currency pairs are very interesting. I have filtered the news here that are only relevant for the euro or dollar. Basically, I am personally less interested in news, but these meetings sometimes cause higher volatility in the market. You can also display this information directly in your trading chart. In addition, you will receive different information from important brokers. I find it interesting that realtime spreads can be compared with one another immediately. There are big differences in the euro US dollar, here you can save up to 65% in some cases. If we now scroll all the way down, we now click on the Members tab.

First we see the total number of all members, there are 659 high impact members, 990 medium impact members and 1649 low impact members. In total, these are the most important 3300 members who share their knowledge at Forex Factory. The low impact members belong to the top 10%, the medium impact members to the top 5% and the high impact members to the top 2%. When I posted my first post in January 2018, I was a High Impakt member after just four months. The background was that the traders at Forex Factory found my posts interesting and subscribed to my channel. This made me a high impact member even faster. For this reason I recommend you to concentrate on the high impact members first. Of course there are also other members who write good contributions, but if they are good, they will also become high impact members within six months. First and foremost, it is about reducing the selection at the beginning. Since Forex Factory only shows the first 500 high impact members, we have now reduced the selection from 3300 to 500. Now we get very interesting information: Start of the membership, buddies are people who follow each other, the number of subscribers, the number of contributions, the last online status and the country of origin. Now we can take a look at the top 500 high impact members. How do we find the most interesting information among these 500 high impact members?

The answer is the average number of subscribers gained each month. We take the number of all subscribers and simply divide it by the months of membership of the high impact member. By the way, on average, one high impact member has two subscribers per month. Of course, this is not comparable to Facebook or YouTube. The subscribers are very picky here and think very carefully about whom to follow. Only 179 high impact members achieve the value of two subscribers per month. 3 subscribers only reach 94 high impact members, 4 subscribers only reach 50 high impact members, 5 subscribers only reach 29 high impact members and 6 subscribers only reach 18 high impact members. My recommendation starts with the high impact members who reach at least four subscribers per month. These seem to be very interesting posts and we have reduced the selection from 500 to 50.

For this I have created a table, you can easily pull the data down from Forex Factory yourself and transfer it to an Excel table. The table was sorted by subscriber per month. The smallest value is 4.0 and the largest is 24.4. These filtered 50 high impact members naturally work according to different strategies. If this strategy doesn't work for you, just keep looking. In the first place you see a member who has 24.4 subscribers per month. However, this member has only been there for 13 months. Of course I deleted the names so as not to prefer any. Here we see a member who has been with us for over nine years and has an average of 14.9 subscribers per month. I think that's impressive. The same goes for these two members, who have been with us for over 14 years and have an average of 8.8 subscribers. Incidentally, one of them programmed over 1000 high-quality indicators himself, which you can download for free. Here you can see some members who have made little or no contributions in relation to their subscribers. Some of them provide their live trades, others do not provide any information at all. Of course, I can't say to what extent these are fake accounts, you just have to go to the profile and see how far the information helps you. With a self-created Excel table you can then make individual filter settings. The ignore rate is also very interesting. Members are able to exclude other members from their blog. If a member is followed by 100 subscribers and 100 are on the ignore list, you should take a closer look. In the end, communication in the blog is always decisive.

Let's look at an example of how you can get this information. In my blog you can see that I am a high impact members. I've been there since December 2017, since then I've written 1038 posts with 1855 pictures and made 135 files available for download. These are partly self-developed indicators and also Excel tables. There are 26 buddies and 229 subscribers, so a total of 255 members who follow my blog. 229 subscribers / 41 months are 5.6 subscribers per month. This makes my blog one of the 25 most interesting at Forex Factory. I was very happy about that and I would like to thank all friends and subscribers once again. Incidentally, Forex Factory only counts subscribers as real followers, as buddies always follow each other. 1038 posts divided by 41 months are 25 posts per month so I'm absolutely average. I publish an average of 1.8 pictures per post, as a picture says more than 1000 words. The Forex Factory average is 0.5. On average, I made three files available to my subscribers per month. I would like to show you three interesting ones.

With this Excel table you can work out which currency pair is most efficient for you. Here you can see that I reach my breakeven point after about 20 seconds in the euro US dollar. With USDJPY it would take 43 seconds, with GBPUSD 81 seconds and AUDNZD would only break even after 138 seconds. That is a significantly higher risk. You can find the information in my video: Where do we find the biggest big players in the market? The new trader tax brings considerable disadvantages, with the Excel table you can possibly reduce these disadvantages. You can find the information in my video: Trader Tax 2021 without me. Many years ago I developed a new candle, the Bionic Candle. You can also find this in my blog. In the video: Tips and tricks to escape the big players, you will receive specific information about the Bionic candle. In the video: Live trading two trades in 3 minutes, I show how I trade with the Bionic candle.

If you enter Forex Factory at Google, please click directly on the first link and you are at Forex Factory. Now you click on join above and you come to the login screen. Create a user name, a password and enter your email address. You can of course create a new e-mail address for this, but you will not receive any spam from Forex Factory. If you enter my name Bionics in the search field above, you will automatically come to my page. If you click the Subscribe button at the top right, you will automatically follow my blog and will be informed as soon as there is news. Why should you create a free account at Forex Factory? If you want to communicate with other participants, there is no other way. This enables you to save interesting threads, receive filtered information by email, create your own blog and even let professionals create free indicators or EAs for you. Forex Factory has a blog that is only used to create new indicators or EAs. Members can post their ideas here, which experienced programmers can implement free of charge. At this point, thanks again to everyone who works on this thread.

Of course there are also things that I don't really like about Forex Factory. There are some fake accounts that primarily pursue commercial interests. However, the management of Forex Factory takes rigorous action here and removes these members immediately. There are also some blocks where unnecessary discussion is going on and the vanities are in the foreground. This is also known from social networks, but you can avoid these threads. With so many participants it is also clear that there are a lot of false statements. However, these can be identified very quickly with further training. In addition, the experienced traders in Forex Factory ensure that these false statements are corrected.

About 8,200 traders from Germany are registered with Forex Factory. This is a good chance to find a like-minded trader. How to find these traders I'll show you now. To do this, first click on All Members and then go to the filter settings. You can see that there are very individual filter settings here. We first enter Germany and see that there are a total of 8156 traders from Germany. With Switzerland and Austria there are even over 12,000 traders. Maybe, you can contact them on their profile.

At the end, let's summarize the advantages again

You may find lots of new ideas and strategies, current and interesting market information, and over 500,000 free auxiliary indicators at Forex Factory. You can get help with the creation of indicators, and find forex and future traders from all over the world. You can create your own blog for free and exchange ideas with similarly working traders. I myself have met a lot of great people in the past 41 months, which has already resulted in a number of projects. For this reason, I can recommend this trader platform with a clear conscience.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in retail and would be delighted if you would recommend my YouTube channel to others.

Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #1632 ---
What really counts for trading is mind control...

How many hours have you spent on telling your mind to shut up and keep away from market noise?

How many hours did you spend on having patience fitness exercises?

How many hours did you spend on becoming an 80:20 Pareto worker?

How many hours did you spend on building statistics for analysing on myfxbook, FF, Fxblue or similar platforms?

How many hours do you really think of building your self-esteem which can really help your trading?

Did writing PHD kind of theses on trading really helped you?

How many hours did you spend on understanding the whole gamut of trading - spot, futures, options?

Do you really think learning to code or programming can make you a successful trader?

--- 帖子 #1633 ---
Important mind control

Dear simnz,

Thank you for your contribution. It looks like I couldn't formulate my intentions in concrete terms, so it seems that misunderstandings have arisen. So I feel obliged to correct your speculations. The article was about using the waiting times during trading more effectively. By the way, I prefer to do my sport outside of trading.

My 1040 posts that I published at FF have actually brought me a lot. Because when you write something down, you always have to think about it beforehand. This then gives rise to new ideas and projects. However, not everyone seems to have mastered this quality of thinking beforehand. For 11 years I have been dealing with trading and primarily understanding the approach of the big players. I only trade, because I really enjoy it. Maybe the only reason I earn money with it is because I don't see the whole thing as doggedly.

I never said that programming would make you a successful trader. I learned Java because it was a challenge and I wanted to understand how indicators work. That later helped me identify algorithms. Since, in addition to my 20 years as a financial intermediary, I have worked as a trainer for communication and body language for over 10 years, I get along very well with the subject of self-esteem and the Pareto principle.

I can agree with you on one thing, what counts is mind control in retail, but you should also use it in all other areas of life. If I annoyed you with my post that you responded to, I am very sorry. Maybe avoiding my posts in the future would help.

I wish you a nice weekend and good business success.

Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #1634 ---
Who is annoyed? You or me.

Can't take feedback with open mind..

--- 帖子 #1635 ---
10 golden rules of feedback

The purpose of feedback should be to promote the professionalism of the individual. In addition, feedback should promote openness, honesty and trust in interpersonal relationships as a prerequisite for fruitful cooperation. Feedback is constructive when the addressee receives information about alternative courses of action. General statements are not very helpful here. However, prompt and value-free feedback on specific observations can be a valuable learning aid that can contribute to the further development of the feedback recipient.

Feedback requested

Feedback is most effective when the recipient has asked for it. When a person surprised someone with feedback, he can't hope for a trusting relationship.

Usefulness of the feedback

One should check the usefulness of one's feedback. Feedback should relate to aspects that the recipient can change. If one make the other person aware of shortcomings that he cannot change, this feedback is useless for him.

Rating in feedback

One should describe one's own perception and reaction. It should be left to the other to use this information or not. By neglecting to judge, one reduce the other person's need to defend themselves.

Controlled feedback

Feedback should be controlled, taking into account one's own behavior, expressed as a subjective perception and referring to specific events or behaviors.

Clear feedback

Feedback must be precisely formulated and understandable. The feedback should relate to specific aspects, not generally to the whole person and their overall behavior. If one tell someone they are rude, he or she has little use for behavior change. Therefore, it is better to show what the person actually did and to what extent they prevented the group from developing.

Factually correct feedback

The observation must also be able to be understood by others. Unobjective in the original sense would be statements that are either fictitious or do not belong to the area about which the feedback recipient expects feedback. This also includes those that contain pure value judgments with little or no reference to observable behavior.

Moral feedback

Avoiding moral condemnation is essential. This reduces the urge for the other person to defend himself and reject the feedback.

Observed feedback

One should refer to observations as opposed to guesswork, fantasies, or interpretations. This makes the feedback more believable.

Inadequacies in feedback

One should only address changeable behaviors and not inadequacies over which the person concerned has relatively little or no influence.

Appropriate feedback

We should always give due consideration to the needs of the recipient. If someone doesn't care whether it benefits or even harms the recipient, one destroys their trust. Therefore one should always check the appropriateness of his feedback. Feedback can be destructive if one only see his own needs and not those of the recipient. Therefore, one should think about it beforehand whether one just want to get rid of his own aggressions.

Conclusion:

Since feedback is the feedback on one's own perception, the feedback often says more about the person giving the feedback than about the person receiving the feedback. The inner attitude is crucial. Anyone who looks at the matter with an astonished, curious look and researches what lies behind it, how one's own perception is supplemented, which pieces of the puzzle are missing from one's own understanding, can even deepen relationships and strengthen trust through regular feedback.

--- 帖子 #1636 ---
Forex Factory, How Do I Find Like Minded Traders Near Me?

Hello dear subscribers,

due to unnecessary discussions, I would like to post my new video again. You can find the English translation here:

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...2#post13519172

Inserted Video

I am currently preparing an interesting project for you. In the future, you too can work with different tones in MT4. By the end of the next week, the indicators and various tones will be ready. I will also produce a video about it.

I wish you a great weekend

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1637 ---
Wow. Looking forward to seeing this!

--- 帖子 #1638 ---
MT4 tones and sounds with different tone sequences and indicators

Hello dear subscribers,

the new video is online and, as always, you will first receive the English translation. You can find the link from the video and the indicators at the end of my post.

In today's post you will get two important pieces of information. First, what is more important, fundamental analysis, technical analysis, charting or reading out algorithms? Second, I am going to show you a specific way how you can use the MT4 to generate sounds in the Forex market and to take advantage of them. Of course you will receive an indicator and the tones I have modified to download.

Let us first come to the four big question marks in retail. As we know, we always work on the principle of probability to make a profit. How can we proportionally increase our probability of winning? Is it the fundamental analysis, the technical analysis, the chart technique or the algorithm analysis? The correct answer is both. In principle, I work with all four strategies, but I use them in different ways. I extract the fundamental analysis with data from the Forex market. For me, the technical analysis data can only be determined in the futures market. An optimal chart technique is only possible in the forex market, and the algorithm analysis can only be realized with stock market data.

In fundamental analysis, the question arises what am I buying? Since I only work in EURUSD, only the euro or dollar comes into question. The solution, a currency strength indicator that reacts faster than average. Due to the higher volatility, only the forex market is suitable for this, especially since there is no currency strength in the futures market. The reason for this is relatively simple. The strength of the dollar is determined by running the dollar against the seven major currencies. The strength of the euro is determined by running the euro against the seven major currencies. A corresponding distribution ratio must be formed from this, from which the respective strength is determined. Curiously, no one in the future market has come up with the idea so far, possibly also because the effort involved with virtual data would be far too high.

In technical analysis, the question arises why am I buying? First and foremost, it is about determining the phases of accumulation or distribution. These big players' collection campaigns take place 85% of the time and give a prospect of long-term price development. However, the calculation is not that easy. Therefore, identification is only possible in the stock market. As I have already shown in some videos, the limit orders must be specially filtered for this. This makes it possible to find out which market orders are actually accepted by the limit orders. The complete display of all limit orders does not show us the reality. In the upper image of the limit orders, one could assume that the big players collect massive ask to push the price further up. In fact, however, they have collected bids at this point, as you can see very nicely on the price that then descends. Only those who are able to correctly filter out the decisive limit orders can increase their probability of winning.

When it comes to chart technology, the question arises where do I buy? Using my self-developed bionic candle, I determine individual key candles in the M1 or M5, which show me the exact reversal points. Due to the five times higher movements in the price, only the forex market is suitable for this. You can find specific information about the Bionic candle and how it works in these two videos. Every trader tries to find the exact turning point in the chart, most of them fail. I felt the same way many years ago, for this reason I developed a candle where you can still see exactly which movements were the strongest afterwards. The exact key candles that show the future turning points can be determined precisely from this. Here you can see a strong M1 key candle that was 10 pips in size. This resulted in a future reversal zone. Since I only work with a stop of 1.5 pip, this zone would have been much too big for me. With the help of special tick charts in the Forex market, I am able to determine the strongest zone. In this case, I was able to reduce the key candle to two pips and thus determine the future reversal point much more precisely.

My charts in the futures market, which at first glance seem very complicated, are primarily used for algorithm analysis and the question of when do I buy and when do I get out? To do this, you have to go as deep as possible into the market to get the fastest information. I would like to explain this to you in more detail. Basically, the market only moves because the volume is flowing into liquidity. First I created a table in which there are three different strengths. Strong, Medium and Weak. I have now examined these three states of aggregation in all their variants. First of all in the area of buy market orders, then in the area of sell market orders. This resulted in three conditions that are possible in the market. The bullish move, the equilibrium and the bearish move. Ultimately, these movements result from the respective strength of the different order types. As we know, the market only moves because the market sell orders run into the limit buy orders and the brand buy orders run into the limit sell orders. Now let's imagine that the market sell orders have a strength of 80% and the limit buy orders have a strength of 50%. First of all, let's leave out the iceberg orders. In this case, the market sell orders would penetrate the limit buy orders. On the ask side, the market buy orders have a strength of 20% and the limit sell orders a strength of 60%. What will happen? The market buy orders are absorbed by the limit sell orders and the price is intercepted. Now let's add the whole thing up. The market sell orders and the limit sell orders reach a strength of 140%, while the limit buy orders and the brand buy orders reach a strength of 70%. It is clear from this that the course must be going down at this point. And that is exactly the whole secret. With special filter settings and the consideration of the iceberg orders, which can be read out using the spoofing information, only the individual strength of the individual order types has to be determined. Higher probabilities can then be derived from this.

In my video: How to react 20 times faster in trading, I have already gone into more detail about the tones I have developed. This is another key element to be more successful in the market. Our eyes have a reaction time of 30-40 ms, our skin reacts in 10-20 ms, our ears to sounds coming from loudspeakers in 3-5 ms and sounds from the headphones are perceived in around 2 ms. Our eyes are thus able to perceive 25 pieces of information per second. With our skin we can record 100 pieces of information, our ears 250 pieces of information and headphones up to 500 pieces of information per second. It is questionable whether the human brain can actually process 500 pieces of information per second, but they are available and can significantly increase the probability of winning.

With the precise analysis of the different information from the DoM and the time and sales list, one can find out interesting things with a creative approach. The executed limit orders show me the long-term market movement and with the executed market orders I am able to record the short-term market movement. The limit orders that have not yet been executed in the DoM give me a glimpse into the future. Here is a future willingness to trade, but one should be viewed with great caution. It is not for nothing that it is said that the Times and Sales List speaks the absolute truth, while the DoM produces one lie after another. And let's take a closer look at that. Since the Times and Sales list shows all market orders that have been executed, the statement that it is speaking the absolute truth is correct. In the DoM, the current price, the executed market orders as well as the best bid and best ask price are also the absolute truth. The lie lies in the limit orders as they can be added or subtracted at any time. This is also followed by the native or synthetic iceberg orders that we cannot see. On the other hand, the current spoofing information is true again. To what extent the iceberg orders increase or reduce our trading opportunities, we will take a closer look over the next few months.

First of all, we ask ourselves the question, how can we extract tones from price movements? To do this, we must first understand how a movement in the stock market arises in the first place. Let's take a closer look at this. Here we see the market buy orders, the limit sell orders, the market sell orders and the limit buy orders. The price line is on the best ask page. Now a 5 lot market buy order comes in, which reduces the limit sell order by 5 lots. Next comes a 5 lot market sell order. The price jumps from the best ask side to the best bid side and the limit buy order is reduced by 5 lots. Now a 10 lot market sell order comes in, the price remains on the best bid side and the limit buy order is reduced by 10 lots. Here we see a 10 lot market buy order, the price jumps to the best ask page and reduces the limit sell order by 10 lots. Now another 15 lot market buy order comes into the market, which runs into the limit sell order. This is where things get interesting as a 15 Lot Market Sell Order hits the market. All limit buy orders are eaten up and the price jumps a tick down. This now creates a small gap because the best ask and best bid are no longer linked. The gap only closes at the moment when another limit sell level is created. If a buyer were to buy into the gap, he would now have to pay double the spread. We see that a higher spread is not the fault of the broker, but is only due to a missing limit order. In this context, it was only important to understand how a movement in the market arises.

In the future market we can extract different tones. Bid, ask or the total volume, we can also create tones from the best bid, best ask. That is also my preferred approach. In the forex market, the creation of tones is limited to the ticks, as there is no specific volume. The volume in the forex market is specified differently by the respective brokers. If we compare this volume with the real stock market data, we see that there are clear differences. A few years ago I tried to create a forex volume from the price and we can see that it is much closer to the actual volume than the volume we received from our broker. Here you can download the indicator for free on my blog at Forex Factory.

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...2#post12451112

If we now extract tones from ask or bid in the future market, it would look like this. First of all, we could produce five tones. Then another five, then ten, and so on. We will now take a look at an example from the future market, where I created the tones in this case from best bid and best ask. We see and hear how the price goes down.

Due to the lack of volume, there are of course fewer tones in the forex market. The start begins without sound. The price increases by a tick, so there is a tone. While 10 tones are produced in the future market, the price remains in the forex market and no further tone is produced.

The price jumps up a tad, which creates another tone and so on. We will now look at an example from the Forex market, in which case I created the tones from the ticks. We see and hear the price going down.

Now let's take a look at how we arrange the tones from the stock market as an example. A price rises sharply, in order to participate an investor has to invest money. He buys the stock because he is hoping for a rising price. He makes this decision rationally. The price is actually up and its stock is doing well. Suddenly the direction changes and his stock goes down. His profit is getting smaller and smaller. He decides to pull out his money to keep his winnings. He makes this decision emotionally. The ask tones belong to the rational decision and the bid tones to the emotional decision. When we split up the Ask or Bid tones, we automatically ask ourselves which speaker channel we should assign these individual tones to? Information from brain research and body language help us here.

Our left brain is responsible for language, reading and arithmetic, logic, science, the perception of time and linearity. This is our rational brain. Our right brain hemisphere is responsible for the imagery, the feeling, our creativity, play, overview, holistic connections and the sense of space. This is our emotional brain. Because of a crossing of nerves, the assignment of the brain and half of the body is opposite. This means our left brain controls our right half of the body, i.e. our rational, right side of the body. Our right brain controls our left half of the body, i.e. our emotional, left side of the body. Our left half of the body is our emotional side while the right half of the body is the rational side.

The question now arises as to how our brain picks up a sound that is perceived by the left side. Sounds that reach the left ear reach the right hemisphere. The right half of the brain reaches our left side of the body, so the sounds from the left also arrive on our left side of the body. Sounds that reach the right ear reach the left hemisphere. The left half of the brain reaches our right side of the body, so the sounds from the right also arrive on our right side of the body. By the way, a very interesting side effect when you ask a person after a cigarette, his cell phone or for money, in which ear you should speak so that he is more likely to comply with the request. Incidentally, there have been many attempts at this, and the result is very interesting. One should speak into the right ear, since the tones run into the rational brain. The request is processed value-free and the chance is significantly higher. Since our emotional half of the body is on the left side and is also reached through the left ear, I arranged the bid tones exactly there. The ask tones therefore also run into the right speaker channel. By the way, as you can see in my previous videos, all of my charts are geared towards this.

Interestingly, a sound tick indicator has existed at Forex Factory since 2006. The basic idea is absolutely great, but I have a small suggestion for improvement that I will explain in more detail in a moment. There are different tone sequences for this, which I modified and adapted in detail. A total of five different tone sequences are available.

Market Pace1 the more ticks, the higher or darker the tone becomes

Market Pace2 two different tones A and B for all ticks

Market Pace3 the more ticks, the louder the sound

Market Pace4 tones are exactly the opposite of Market Pace1

Market Pace5 two different tones C & D for all ticks.

You can download the indicator and the different tones on my blog at Forex Factory. What you have to do can be found in my penultimate video: Forex Factory, "How Do I Find Like Minded Traders Near Me?" You can also find a link in my video description. First of all, the indicator goes into the MT4 folder where all indicators are contained. The tones must be in the Sound folder. This is located on the local data carrier. For this you have to go to Windows, under Programs x86. There you may find different saved files from your MT4 if you work with several MT4s. Now all you have to do is identify the right one. In my case this is MetaTrader number three, in the Sound folder you put the 5 sound files I created. The folder Market Pace without a name is required by the indicator and contains the same data as the folder Market Pace 1. If you want to try a different tone sequence, add the letter A to the first folder and simply delete the number in the second folder one. Then the tones are extracted from it. Once you've installed the indicator, it should sound something like this.

Let's come to my suggestion for improvement. Unfortunately, I don't work with the tones in the Forex market, otherwise I would have taken the time to modify the indicator myself. As you know, the indicator reacts to every tick. In my DoM declaration you saw earlier that the price often fluctuates between best ask and best bid until it finally breaks through a limit level. This limit level is then broken down when the price is two ticks from the best ask price or two ticks from the best bid price. So I would modify the indicator. A tick is counted as soon as the downward price is two ticks away from the best ask price. A tick is counted as soon as the upward price is two ticks away from the best bid price, which could provide more detailed information.

The tone indicator is particularly suitable for market participants who work in higher time units. Please note, however, that the tones are the same in all time units. A tick is always the result of bid and ask that run into limit sell or limit buy orders. A big advantage is that you can hear the movements in the market. Of course, you can also see them based on the price line. This has the advantage that you don't always have to look at the screen and you can always hear the movements in the background. Every trader has to try out for himself whether this will result in concrete advantages for future trading.

The tones I have made available are an introduction to working with tones in the MT4. Basically, I recommend working with tones from the stock market in the long term, as they are much more versatile. The tone frequency is also significantly higher and you can hear the strength of the limit orders through the tones. This results in far more opportunities in the long term to increase the probability of winning. I would be very happy if the information would help you. I hope you enjoy it and I keep my fingers crossed for the future.

Inserted Video

I would be very happy if the information would help you. I hope you enjoy it and I keep my fingers crossed for the future.

Kind regards Michael

Attached File(s)   Sound Indicator with tones.zip

788 KB
|
1,130 downloads

--- 帖子 #1639 ---
Downward movements are 30% faster than upward movements

Hello dear subscribers,

the new video is online and, as always, you will first receive the English translation. You can find the link from the video at the end of my post.

In the last 11 years I have compiled important theses for my trading success from different probability calculations. You can see a selection of them running up the screen. There are no typical trends, just movements that result from the current market situation. Downward movements are on average 30% faster than upward movements. Acoustic signals can be perceived 20 times faster than optical signals My deciding factor is the pips per minute. Volume trading is ineffective in both forex and futures markets Currency strengths are a crucial factor in the forex market. The fastest information is obtained from time- and volume-independent charts. If you want to be successful in this market, you need the right technical equipment. Every trader should determine his optimal currency pair in order to achieve the highest probability of winning. Money management is an important fine-tuning to optimize profits, it is more crucial to get in and out at the right time. News and price are completely irrelevant to profits. An indicator in Forex primarily only translates the price with a different representation, but has the disadvantage of being lagging. The shorter the time spent in the market, the lower the risk of smaller breakouts being stopped out. There are no patterns in the price, the candles or the representation of indicators. The market makes the news and not the other way around. In 30% of the time there is movement, 70% of the time the market is in an equilibrium. Forex and stock market data must be combined in order to achieve the highest probability of winning. Success in trading depends on the effective screen time. It is easier to concentrate on the 12 biggest big players than on 1 million retail traders. Due to the different algorithms, market technology is now out of date. Smaller iceberg orders dominate the markets today. Bid and Ask do not decide about the future of the price, only the limit  orders. There are 2 different bulls and bears fighting each other in the market. Candles do not give any information about the future course of the price. The big players always work with a similar approach.

These theses have made many things easier for me in trading and possibly brought me the success I have always wanted. In the next few months we will pick out a few theses and analyze them in more detail. At this point I do not want to claim that my view of the markets is correct and that the way I trade improves your probability of winning. Every trader has their own opinion which I absolutely accept as everyone manages their own risk. However, we should help each other and there may be some information today that will help you in the market. If so, I would be very happy about it.

Today we will deal with the first thesis. Downward movements in EURUSD are on average 30% faster than upward movements. Now let's see to what extent this is true. In 2019 I analyzed upward and downward movements in the EURUSD on my blog at Forex Factory, with the help of my Bionic candle. I found that the average downward movements are between 29 and 39% faster than the upward movements. Since the price history of the EURUSD is already over 50 years old, I have now carried out an analysis that is 4 times more precise. The first basis was a monthly chart, where 126 different movements were examined. The advantage of a monthly chart is that it shows the movements more precisely than an M1 chart. The analysis determines the average pip values per candle. In the first and second charts we can see that the bearish movements are much stronger. The result of the analysis: the bearish movements were 32% faster than the bullish movements. This confirms my thesis, which I put forward two years ago.

We see a course in the M1 from May 12th, 2021. The blue arrow shows a number of 21.3, which is indicated by my zigzag indicator. What does this number mean? From the green line to the red line, the price has reached a distance of 6.39 pips. We now divide this pip by the number of three candles that were created in this route. That is exactly 21.3 pipettes or 2.13 pip. On average, each candle has reached a size of 2.13 pips. Since this is a 1 minute chart, a higher pip value automatically means a faster movement. For this reason I developed the Bionic Zigzag Oscillator a few years ago, which immediately shows me the decisive strengths in the overview. Here we see the three biggest strengths in the chart. Coincidentally, they are bearish movements. Now let's take a look at the last 50 years in the monthly chart with this auxiliary indicator. The strongest moves have definitely taken place in the bearish area. The bearish movements also dominate in the daily chart, although there are of course stronger movements in the bullish area from time to time. The bearish dominance can be clearly seen in the H4, as well as in the hourly chart.

First of all, we need to ask ourselves: why are the downward movements faster than the upward movements? There are two theories about this. As I have already shown in some of my posts, a price increase in the stock market arises from investing money. This investment is usually accompanied by rational decisions. When a price falls it means that money is being pulled out of the market. You want to secure your money or limit your losses. This often creates a chain reaction that is triggered by emotional behavior. It is easier to get your money out of the market than it is to invest it in the market. This means that emotional decisions often have a more dramatic effect than rational decisions. It is also known that pullbacks often have a stronger effect than the actual main movement. If we look at the course of the EURUSD over the past 50 years, we see that it is more of an upward movement. Within this upward movement, there are always quick pullbacks to stop the long traders. These could be some of the reasons why the EURUSD is moving faster.

Let us now come to the crucial point: What advantages can we derive from this information? A few years ago I took the trouble to analyze 96 of my trades in more detail. First, let's look at my 56 long trades. 68% win ratio, 32% loss ratio, 9.34 pips average profit and 7.26 pips average loss. The pay-off ratio, or rather the efficiency, was 1.29 and the expected value was 4.0. 40 trades were completed in the sell area. 80% win ratio, 20% loss ratio, 11.5 pips average profit and 7.8 pips average loss. The loss was thus even higher than with the long trades. The pay-off ratio was 1.46 and the expected value rose to 7.65. Then I merged the values for the long and short trades. 73% profit rate, 27% loss rate, the pay-off ratio was 1.39 and the expected value was 5.5. If I had now completed the 96 trades exclusively in the short area, I would have achieved significantly better results. In this case it would have been 207 pips more and the expected value would have improved by 38%.

Another point that may speak in favor of short trades is the security aspect. On January 15, 2015, the franc shock caused a downward movement of 2200 pips within a few seconds. Three years later there were extreme downward movements in some currency pairs. Interestingly, there has never been such an upward move before. Now let's analyze my 96 trades carefully. It took me an average of 4 minutes for the 56 long trades and was 224 minutes in the market. The short trades lasted an average of 2 minutes, so I was in the market for a total of 304 minutes. 96 short trades would have taken a total of 192 minutes, so I would have had to expose my money 112 minutes less to risk. That's a 37% advantage. Long and short trades combined produced a net result of 530 pips. That's a value of 1.74 pips per minute. With 96 short trades, I could have increased the pip value by 100% per minute. And that is exactly the crucial point for me. For my long and short trades I paid a 74.4 pip spread. The short trades would have cost me only 57.6 pip. That would have been an advantage of 22% in this case. In recent years I have often found that I often had to pay more spread for long trades than for schort trades.

Basically, I can recommend every trader to deal more with money management in order to find out which strategy is the best. This allows you to significantly optimize your probability of winning and you get regular feedback. That is the only truth that matters. My thesis: Downward movements in the EURUSD are on average 30% faster than upward movements, I would like to correct first. That this fact was so in the past does not have to mean that it will also be so in the future. The markets change regularly, so there can of course also be changes in this area.

Conclusion:

Whether my thesis will also be correct in this form in the future is questionable, especially since this analysis took place exclusively in EURUSD. You should analyze other assets yourself. However, it is much more important that you deal more closely with your money management in the future. This will help you find out which currency pair is best for you, whether you can handle short or long trades better and whether your strategy is still up-to-date. These numbers, data and facts may be boring, but they're like a trainer telling you the truth, unvarnished, every day. If you also pay attention to the pip value per minute, you can optimize your probability of winning significantly. But we'll talk about that another time. You can find the indicators on my blog at Forex Factory. I wish you every success with your future trading and would be happy if my information helps you.

Inserted Video

Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #1640 ---
[quote=Bionics;13535953]Downward movements are 30% faster than upward movements .....................................However, it is much more important that you deal more closely with your money management in the future. This will help you find out which currency pair is best for you, whether you can handle short or long trades better and whether your strategy is still up-to-date. These numbers, data and facts may be boring, but they're like a trainer telling you the truth, unvarnished, every day. If you also pay attention to the pip value per minute, you can optimize your probability of winning significantly.

Hello Michael

Thanks wholeheartedly for another stellar post and video.

You highlight many important aspects but from the last post/video I personally think the above is some the most important aspects to keep in mind.

Thanks for providing us again with another view of the "different aspects" of trading!

Trade well / Mos

--- 帖子 #1641 ---
[quote=mosiskv;13536166]
Hello Mos,

Thank you for the kind comment, I absolutely agree with you. For most traders and beginners, breaking even should be the first priority. Those who achieve this goal are among the top 10% of all traders. As I wrote in my last post, the information that downward movements are 30% faster could lead to a significant improvement in trading if the points you mentioned are also observed. I wish you a successful trading day.

Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #1642 ---
News and price are irrelevant to my trading

Hello dear subscribers,

the new video is online and, as always, you will first receive the English translation. You can find the link from the video at the end of my post.

As I already showed in my last video, there are different theses that I have created over the past 11 years to make it easier for me to act. Today we are going to talk about my second thesis on the subject: news and price are completely irrelevant to me. To say it right from the start, of course there are professional traders who value news and the price and thus also trade successfully. In this video we will take a closer look at why I do without it. You could possibly save a lot of time with these ideas in the long term and thus act even more efficiently in the future.

In the table we see that institutional traders as well as retail traders in the futures market place great value on volume and price. This does not seem to be the case with the big players. Let's take a closer look at why this is so. In many of my posts, we have already talked about the different strategies of the big players. 85% of these strategies take place through accumulation or distribution. During a sideways phase, Ask is collected and the price is pushed up. You either get out of your position afterwards, or there is a re-accumulation phase where further ask is collected. Now the price is pushed up and they get out of their positions. A distribution phase arises where the big players collect bids and the price is still running down. In the re-distribution phase, another bid is collected, the price is pushed down and then you get out of your positions, and the whole game starts all over again.

To collect this ask or bid, limit orders in the form of smaller iceberg orders are used. The big players are therefore dependent on the volume of retail traders, which is primarily absorbed by triggered stops. Although the big players control the market very well, it should be clear to everyone that no big player can precisely plan this recorded volume of stops in advance, as it always depends on the reaction of the retail trader. For this reason, the price levels do not play the major role here. Since I also follow the big players, the price is irrelevant to me. At the end of 2016, Deutsche Bank and many currency experts estimated that EURUSD would hit 0.95 by the end of 2017. Despite the assessment of these experts, it turned out completely different, meanwhile the price is back at 1.20. The highest price in EURUSD was 1.6038, and the lowest was 0.5365. This results in a theoretical mean of 1.0697, which is, however, factually incorrect, as the main volume took place significantly higher up. Theoretically, the price can also drop to 0.4 or rise to 2.0, so there is no top or bottom in the price. When the price rises the euro is stronger, when the price falls the dollar is stronger.

As I have already shown in my previous posts, there are no clear patterns within the price from which one could achieve concrete trading advantages. I don't care whether the EURUSD reaches parity or rises back to 1.60. When my friends ask me where the EURUSD currently stands after a trading day, sometimes I cannot tell them. Many traders often assume that round price levels are responsible for a trend reversal. In fact, there are still many institutional traders who hold on to round price levels, but they do not have the capital to significantly move the EURUSD. Here we see examples of round price levels in the EURUSD weekly chart. The fewest turning points take place in round price levels. In the current Euro FX contract, I took the trouble to sort the volume by price. Let's now see whether the main volume between 1.21 and 1.17 is actually always at round price levels. We are now looking at the largest volume mountains and see that these are not round price levels. Even the largest volume in this period did not take place at a round price level. Of course there are also price levels like 1.19 where this works, but there are more price levels where it doesn't work. In my opinion, making a trading decision from this would not be effective.

This is exactly why I developed the Bionic candle, it shows me the strongest movements in the chart. From this I can develop my key candles that show me the exact turning points. You can find more information about this in my videos. It is not the news but the market participants that influence the market. Why is that? Because we never know how market participants will react to news. And that's exactly why the market makes the news and not the other way around. Why is Apple stock falling after Apple has released sensational quarterly results? Possibly because investors believe Apple won't be able to recreate such gains in the next quarter to beat the stock's high. Whatever the reasons, we'll never know. In the evenings, the news channels are always fun to find out why the DAX or the EURUSD have risen or fallen. The reasons that are partly given for this are absolutely ridiculous and have nothing to do with reality. It doesn't matter what news goes on the ticker, the market is moving as people and computers push your head to buy or sell. And why do some traders buy while others sell? Well, because they have an opinion, and that opinion often has nothing to do with economic data.

And if you've lost money again, cheer up, dear investors. Business is 50% psychology, and the facts shouldn't be overstated. As we can see in the table, news is important and crucial for most traders. The HFT are an exception here, as they use the algorithms to scan the markets. News is also crucial for big players, after all, you pay their analysts well for it. However, they have a decisive advantage in this, they usually know in advance which results will be announced. Imagine that the big player collects a large number of asks in an accumulation phase. Suddenly an important economic news comes in, which speaks for a euro weakness and a dollar strength at the same time. That should actually push the course down. But what happens instead? The big player wants to bring his collected ask into a profit and will push the course up massively. Afterwards, the press writes that the euro has recovered. Of course, the economy in the individual countries is important, but not for me. How investors react to the news is far more important. Of course, the big players concentrate on market data and currency strength. However, we must never forget that it is the big players who determine with their strategies where the market is going. And that's exactly why I focus exclusively on the big players.

All I have to do is know where the euro or dollar is being bought or sold. And that's exactly why news is less relevant to me. So let's forget about the news and focus exclusively on the strategies of the big players. The big players' footprints are the big absorption packages from Bid and Ask. This is exactly what we have to identify, interpret and develop our strategies from. There is one small exception and that is the weekend. A lot of messages accumulate in these 48 hours. Since there is no market and therefore no price positions at this time, it is impossible to determine how these news will affect the price. At the beginning of the week there is therefore often a wait and see attitude to see how the market reacts to the past weekend. For me, however, what matters is when important economic data is due and how the big players react to it. Of course, I also pay attention to the crucial news in the market, but only to identify the peaks with high volatility. Big players often use this volatility to turn their collected ask or bid into a profit. If you have correctly recognized the collection campaign beforehand, you can use it to negotiate the decisive breakouts. At Forex Factory you get the crucial indicators that show you all upcoming news and even project them into your chart. So if you could identify beforehand whether it is an accumulation or distribution, you can trade this news because you know exactly in advance where the course is going. If the situation is unclear to you, I recommend not to act during this time.

Let's draw a conclusion:

Depending on your approach and strategy, you may be able to forego the price and news. This could potentially save you a lot of time in the future. The market in EURUSD moves because the big players collect in certain phases and then bring their ask or bid into a profit. If you are able to pinpoint this course of action, it will be easier for you to forego the price or the news. Whether this is possible always depends on your individual strategy and of course on the ASSETS in which you are trading.

Inserted Video

I wish you a successful week of trading and I would be very happy if we see and hear each other again soon.

Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #1643 ---
Trading with the algorithms of the big players

Attached Image

Hello dear subscribers,

the new video is online and, as always, you will first receive the English translation. You can find the link from the video at the end of my post.

Today's post will be extremely exciting and interesting as we go into practice. Many have asked me what exactly I see on my trading screen, which I will go into in more detail in the current chart today. In the M1 I gave a specific price forecast that lasted over an hour and we want to see whether it was correct. In addition, we look at my key zones and how they react to the future course. Then I'll show you two trades that I planned and executed beforehand to the point. Finally, let's take a look at the costs that an algorithm trader has to face.

Here you can see my price forecast, which of course I gave in a running chart and I will use my key candles to show you how these zones are created. With my self-developed bionic candle, you can actually see into the future for a limited time. As I explained in my last post, I work with technical analysis, chart technique, fundamental analysis and algorithm analysis. The process is usually always the same. I start with the technical analysis, it continues with the chart technique, then the fundamental analysis follows and at the end comes the algorithm analysis. It is crucial that these four strategies are precisely coordinated. If I were to equate these four strategies with our four elements, the chart technique would be the earth, the fundamental analysis the water, the technical analysis the air and the algorithm analysis the fire. Of course, I also have a fifth element in trading and these are my own tones from best bid and best ask.

Technical analysis is about the question: Why am I buying?
The chart technique is about the question: Where do I buy?
Fundamental analysis is about the question: What am I buying?
The algorithm analysis is about the question: When do I buy?
And my tones especially help me with the question: When do I get out?

My main screen has already caused controversial discussions, always with the same question: Do you really need that much information? If you want to plan your trades carefully in advance, expect a profit rate of over 80% with a CRV of 1.5 and want to take as little risk as possible, then this information is elementary. Let's take a closer look at this. Here you can see a special filtered limit delta that shows me exactly in which area the big players are buying or selling. From this I derive the accumulation or distribution and recognize whether the dollar or euro is being sold or bought. The same special filtered limit delta, but in a smaller time unit, the limit orders are compared with the market orders on the right. Incidentally, the resulting gaps provide very interesting information about future resistance zones. My specially configured trading chart, with my developed Bionic candle. As a rule, I get in and out with market orders. A virtual stop is automatically set that cannot be identified by the broker. Here you can see my special developed currency strength for the euro and dollar. The green zones show the strength of the euro, the red zones the strength of the dollar. The configuration has been changed so that currency strengths change very quickly. Here we see a special filtered heat map. However, the red and green circles that show me exactly when the long and short traders are stopped are decisive. What we see here is not a typical footprint chart, as only special limit orders that are relevant for a quick trading decision are highlighted. This is a 3D spoofing display developed by me, from which you can already identify clear turning points. Since the big players use the same algorithms over and over again, the same processes can be recognized over and over again.

This special display shows the strengths of the limit buy and limit sell orders. This enables absorption to be recognized more quickly. This display can also be used to identify possible fake orders in the limit area. This display is the fastest display on the market, but was not generated from the DoM or the time and sales list, but with special filter settings from the spoofing information. From this you can make very precise trading decisions. As soon as an equilibrium arises in the market, that means uncertainty. For me it is crucial whether the equilibrium takes place on the ask or bid side. The next steps for the big players can be derived from this. Here I get different information about different strengths in order to calculate the effective strength of the limit and market orders. With this special filter setting I can see the positioning of the small retail traders. Of course, the big players have been filtered out here. Here we see different spoofing views that serve the sole purpose of identifying stronger iceberg orders in the market. This is the best way to read out the recurring algorithms. Here you can find various information about the current ATR, the spread, the candle strength and upcoming meetings that are responsible for higher volatility. In the last few years I have changed my main chart over and over again in order to generate the fastest information possible. It is important that these representations must be precisely coordinated with one another is crucial. Of course, in addition to my main chart, I have four other screens where I primarily display my navigation maps.

On May 19, 2021 at 4:10 p.m. I first made a forecast, calculated a new resistance zone from the falling price and plotted it on the chart. I made the first forecast at 4:10 p.m. because I assumed that the course would go up. At 4:20 p.m. the course reached my forecast zone and then ran into my next advised zone, which it reached at 4:50 p.m. My last zone was then reached at 5:20 pm. I forecast four zones within 1 hour to show you how exactly a trader can work with my key candle. Now let's take a look at how my plan worked out. Overall, the result looks very good, but how did I create these zones? Here we see a typical key candle that was also very strong and stopped the course at 4:10 p.m. The downward blue candle was very strong and slowed the high course. The lower key candle was very strong and also held up the course. I then drew my last resistance zone from the course below. Let's take a look at the whole thing now live.

I gave my first price forecast at 4:05 p.m. To save time, I have accelerated the course fifty times. We can now see that the course went up relatively quickly in the first run. I then thought for a brief moment that the price could possibly run into the key candle above, but it wasn't. Now the course ran down into my previously drawn zone. This downward run took place relatively quickly and reached exactly the lowest zone. Then there was an immediate upward reaction and a sideways market initially arose, where the big players collected another bid to push the price further down. On the right side you can see an M1, on the left an M5 chart. The lines I have drawn are immediately mirrored on both sides. This helps me determine the exact key candles and reduce the size of the zones. We are still in a sideways market, with the key candles I can draw the zones precisely, but in the end I need the algorithms to recognize when the price is moving in the decisive direction.

Since the 1-minute candle is the most volatile of all 9 time units, it should be clear to everyone how difficult it is to make a correct forecast for the future. Nevertheless, with the right approach, you can increase the probability in your favor. In the following example I would like to show you how exactly you can work with these key candles. The course was right next to the blue arrow and underneath was a resistance zone that I had created, which from my point of view could push the course up again. So for the last few moves into this resistance zone I planned a short short trade and immediately a long trade again in the opposite direction. I recognized a possible resistance zone that could hold up the course and that's why I wanted to get out at this point. In fact, this is where the biggest pullback of all upward candles occurred, but the price was pushed through after that. My algorithm analysis gave me no clear signals, so I left at this point. Now let's look at the two trades a little faster.

First of all, I got into the trade optimally and I was aware that I had to get out relatively quickly because the price had moved into my resistance zone. I got out of the trade very well and have now waited a few minutes to find an optimal entry. The entry was also good and my stop of 1.4 pip was not started. The course went up relatively quickly and came into my marked zone. There weren't any clear signals here, that's why I got out. Earning $ 300 in 6 minutes is a good result, but what annoyed me was the pip value per minute, which I was absolutely not satisfied with. Now everyone will ask themselves the question how I could have foreseen this resistance zone beforehand.

As I have already described in some of my posts, a key candle is always created from the past and thus projects a strong price zone into the future. We can even see two strong key candles from which I have calculated an average. We go back further and initially see a strong key candle, which was almost taken out again at the beginning of the course. Because of this, the lower key candle was significantly stronger than the upper one. We now go back to our starting point and see how our two key zones have developed. In fact, the lower key zone was significantly stronger as the price was pushed up there more strongly. Here we see two strong upward movements that pushed the price up in the later course. The key candle underneath also had a special strength, as we will see later. The price initially continued upwards, there was a strong breakout downwards and the downward trend was held up by my second resistance zone and rejected downwards. Slowly the buyers came back into the market and the price came closer and closer to my resistance zone. We see that the course was turned down twice and then continued downwards. However, I warn against basing the trading decision solely on the key candle. It is crucial to know when and where the big players enter the market, which currency is currently the strongest and how the strength of the market orders and limit orders relate to one another. The secret is to have these four strategies in view at all times in order to achieve the greatest probability of winning. My developed tones are then the icing on the cake.

Dealing with trading algorithms is inevitably associated with greater effort. I have outlined three different models so that everyone can calculate what costs they will incur. As a start up I would like to describe a trader who has less money at his disposal. We use a processor and a graphics card that meet the minimum requirements, the price refers to a new workstation. The 55 inch 4K monitor is bought second-hand, as are the two HDMI screens, which are often already there. In addition, there are a few extra programs and the sound configuration, so that the hardware equipment costs at least 2500 €. The deposit on the Forex account should be at least € 2000, while the future account should be € 500, as only the data feed is obtained from it.

That is a minimum requirement of 5000 €. The monthly costs for software and data feed are around € 50. Now it is a matter of precisely coordinating the individual PC components with one another, accelerating the Internet with a special antenna, taking special security measures and installing and filtering all of the software. At least 40 hours are required for this. To save further costs, the PC and software configuration is carried out by yourself. At the end, I recommend finding a suitable mentor who will support you in trading for at least 20 hours to get to know the basics.

A trader who wants to deal a little more intensively with the matter must also be prepared to invest more. A workstation with a better processor and a faster graphics card costs significantly more. The main monitor is larger and a little more expensive, as are the two 32-inch screens and the extras that are newly acquired. The hardware equipment already costs € 4000 here. A little more is deposited on the Forex account, on the Future Account € 500 is enough, as we do not trade in this area. That is initially 7500 euros. Software and data feed also cost € 50 per month. If 50% of the PC and software configuration is carried out by yourself, there are additional costs of € 1,000. At least 40 hours are required for a medium-level training. In order to carry out trading algorithms optimally, one should work with very high-quality processors and graphics cards. A 75 inch 4K monitor, four additional screens and all associated extras in the area of sound and programs. That means a minimum hardware configuration of 5500 €. The Forex account is filled with € 4000 and the Future Market account with € 500. This is already 10,000 €. Software and data feed are € 50 per month. If you cannot do the PC and software configuration yourself, you have to reckon with around 2000 €. And for optimal induction you need at least 60 individual hours with a mentor. We'll talk more about the difference between a trading coach and a mentor soon.

Let's now take a look at which part-time income opportunities are possible in the area of algorithm trading. Requirements: The trader has a few years of experience and has already reached breakeven. The capital is 3000 €, 1.5 lots are invested per trade, the leverage is 200, the profit ratio is 65%, the spread is 0.5 pip, the stop is 2 pip and the TP is 3 pip. 6 trades are carried out per day, which is also possible on a part-time basis with a TP of 3 pip. The risk is 1.25% per trade. The profit is € 36,000, the loss is € 20,000, from which € 4,500 taxes are due and a profit of € 12,000 net remains at the end. That's an extra 1000 € per month. With the scalping strategy in the area of algorithms you are able to bring your profit rate to 75% relatively quickly. That is already 1500 € per month. This means that you can recoup your investment in algorithm trading within a year.

Let's summarize again at the end:

With the right coordination of the individual strategies in the field of technical and fundamental analysis, chart technology and algorithm analysis, the probability of winning can be increased significantly. This requires very good hardware and software and, of course, in the end a trustworthy mentor who is not easy to find, however. In my next post we will talk about this in more concrete terms.

Inserted Video

I wish you a few nice Whitsun holidays and I would be happy if we hear each other again soon.

Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #1644 ---
Attached Image

Analysis, what do you need a trading coach for?

Hello dear subscribers,

the new video is online and, as always, you will first receive the English translation. You can find the link from the video at the end of my post.

Many of you have asked me to speak a little more intensively about the topic of trading coaches. I would like to comply with this request today and have put together some interesting information for you. Ultimately, this is about a lot of money and the most important thing is that the trader is able to find the best value for money. First of all, it is a matter of clarifying to what extent a training is worthwhile for you and what type of trainer is suitable for you. To say it in advance, I am not a trading coach and I do not want to become one, I do not sell trading signals or indicators, but earn my money exclusively in discretionary trading. There's a snappy remark: what is a training coach? Before the trade he explains you how you win and after the trade he analyzes why you lost. First of all, I would like to make it clear that there are excellent and very capable trading coaches in Germany. You have been in the market for over ten years and have a very high level of specialist knowledge with extensive life experience. Unfortunately, they are a minority in the trading business as most trading coaches don't know what they're doing. We have to assume that only about 10% of all trading coaches are actually worth their money.

The participants are sometimes promised things that are unrealistic and never attainable. It is clear that many participants feel deceived by this. However, this is not always due to the trainer, but often also to the participant. The problem is expectations, which rarely coincide with reality. But this is mostly due to the communication between coach and trader. With today's post I would like to show you what you should pay particular attention to so that both are satisfied in the end. Let's first look at the distribution of traders in Germany, Austria and Switzerland. I am consciously only referring to traders who trade from home with a laptop or PC and not with a mobile phone app. In the Forex market trade 50,000, in the future market 10,000 a total of 60,000 market participants. In the forex market the profitability is 5% and in the futures market it is 15% so there are 4000 profitable traders. 5% are at breakeven and 53,000 are losing. That is a total of 88% of all traders.

Let's ask ourselves a question about this. The loss rates have not improved significantly in the last eleven years, despite the many coaches' seminars, how is that possible? From my point of view, the good 10% of trading coaches cannot sustainably influence the overall market, especially since there are more and more traders entering the market. There has been an enormous increase in coaching in recent years. Those traders who are profitable or who have broken even are less likely to opt for a seminar than a trader who is making a loss. Since the hype with volume trading began ten years ago, more and more trades have taken place in the futures market. But this is exactly where the potential is only at 8,000 participants, while the potential in the Forex market is 6-7 times greater. With the argument that you get much better information in the futures market, many coaches try to motivate forex traders to switch to the futures market. Statements are made such as: The forex market is only for beginners, the professionals only trade in the futures market.

Is the future market really better? In the forex market we achieve a profit ratio of 1:19 in the futures market of 1: 6. thus the probability of winning in the futures market is three times higher. The difference between the forex and futures market lies in the deeper market insight, but you do not necessarily have to switch to the futures market. As a hybrid trader, I still trade in the forex market, but my exchange data is received via the futures market. Of course, I then inevitably have to deal more with the stock market data and know exactly how the market works. I have already discussed this in more detail in this video. Among other things, I examined 40 points there in order to compare the future trader with the hybrid trader. From my point of view there is no difference in execution times, accuracy or manipulation between the exchange or a very good STP or ECN broker. Likewise, the probability of winning for a future or hybrid trader is the same. Let us now look at the points where the hybrid trader has the edge.

The turnover is 100 times higher, the profit ratio is even three times higher. In the forex market there are seldom high-frequency traders who raise prices and the largest big players in the world are demonstrably working in the forex market. The volatility is significantly higher in the Forex market, but the decisive aspect is security. In the future market I am liable with all my private assets, in the forex market only with my account balance that does not go into the red. That alone is a reason not to trade in the futures market. The question remains why the trading coaches encourage you to do so? In the futures market you need significantly more capital for trading and you can lose significantly more because you have to trade at least one lot. Depending on the broker, the costs in Forex are even significantly cheaper. There is no currency strength in the futures market, no virtual stops and entry and exit is sometimes significantly slower. In the forex market there is a much finer price movement, so the bionic candle works much more efficiently in the forex market. And the data feeds are usually more expensive. The only disadvantage of the hybrid trader, he needs a much more complex workstation for trading. From my point of view there are 25 plus and 15 minus points for the futures market, 39 plus and 1 minus point for the forex market and thus a significantly higher efficiency in the area of probability in the forex market.

I have summarized the most important points for me here. Since we always work with probabilities in the markets, every trader should make it as easy as possible for himself. From the point of view of probability, beginners should actually start in the futures market in order to then switch to the forex market. As a hybrid trader, you can save a lot of time. Some training coaches claim that they are professionals in swing and day trading as well as in scalping. Let us now assume that a swing trader is a truck racing driver, the day trader is a rally driver and the scalper is a Formula 1 driver. Now the truck driver gets into the rally vehicle and the rally driver into the Formula 1 car. Although you would dominate the vehicle, you would not have a chance against the competition.

From my point of view there are four different types of traders. The fiery doer, decidedly purposeful and willing to take risks. The blue analyst, precise, level-headed, questioning and strategic. The earth green systematic, empathetic, reflective and constant and the sun yellow practitioner, creative, individual and captivating. I will go into more detail on this in a separate article. Let's stay with the pragmatic trader, he trades in different assets, on different platforms, with different software, prefers different strategies, analyzes different key figures and works in different time charts and representations. The blue green and yellow will also use different things for trading. These include scalpers, day traders and swing traders. I believe that you will recognize that every trader is as individual as a thumbprint and it is precisely this fact that makes it so difficult to teach skills to another trader. Logically, this requires a lot of time that many coaches lack.

I myself have specialized in scalping, I belong to the synthetic, experimental traders and only trade in the EURUSD currency area. The trade takes place in the forex market, the data is extracted from the futures market, I work with a virtual stop of two pip, TP 3 pip, CRV of 1.5-2, profit ratio 75-85%, 1-10 lot, Pip value per minute 1.5-3, trades per day between 5-20, entry and exit with market orders, preferred short trades, trading time: between 30 seconds to 4 minutes, use the currency strength in forex, limit orders in Future, my bionic candle in Forex, different filter settings in the future, and best bid and best ask tones. My trading style is the small breakouts from the key zones. My main strategy I follow the big players, work with five screens of a professional workstation and fiber optics. This is my setup and my strategy, so I would not be able to offer a swing trader or day trader any concrete assistance.

Every trader has his own, individual setup that is similar to Formula 1. No Formula 1 driver can cope with the setup of another driver. In Formula 1, massive data is collected and evaluated. But the big players work with significantly more data and are supported by elaborately programmed algorithms. By now it should be clear why a laptop with an indicator does not bring the hoped-for profits. This requires significantly more complex software and charts to assert oneself in this market. Let's stay with the pros and take a closer look at 4 of them. The fastest bird in the world is the peregrine falcon, it can sometimes reach more than 340 hours of kilometers in its nosedive flights. The sailfish is the fastest fish in the sea and can reach speeds of up to 110 km / h over short distances. The fastest mammal in the country is the cheetah, which can reach a top speed of 120 kilometers. The sperm whale is the best diver in the world. He can stay under water for up to 4 hours and dives up to 3000 m. They are absolute professionals in their field, but there is competition. By the way, the duck can also fly, swim, run and even dive. But it is not really good in any of these properties and would therefore not stand a chance against the four competitors. A trading coach who claims to be able to do anything is also just a lame duck.

It's the same as with all-weather tires that can do everything. If someone only drives a few 1000 km per year, they are well served. At the latest when braking, the differences quickly come to light. It is therefore clear that the all-rounders are usually inferior to the specialists. The big problem with coaching in trading is the fact that most traders don't even know what they need. And that's completely normal, because that's how it goes in our lives every day. The first question, do we need a tablet or a smartphone. Once that question is answered, the next one comes up: what size and model? Is prepaid or, better yet, a contract enough for this? Which services are required, how high are the costs and which provider can be used? Now imagine that you come to an o2 store and want a certain iPad that the retailer does not have, with a telecom tariff. What will happen? Will the dealer send you away or will they want to convince you of their products? Exactly the same thing will happen to you with a bad trading coach.

Another question that arises is how should your coaching work in a group training or rather in a one-to-one training? Studies comparing the efficiency of individual versus group lessons have shown that both groups were able to improve their grades. However, on average better grades were achieved in individual lessons than in group lessons. Now everyone will say that one-to-one tuition is of course significantly more expensive than group tuition. On the other hand, group lessons are significantly more inefficient, as you cannot deal with the individual individually. The next question to ask is whether coaching or mentoring is better. Let's look at coaching first. Coaching is task-oriented. Coaching is often quick, with a trial phone call to clarify whether the trader actually needs a coach. If there is an assignment, the coach sets the specific goal so that both of them work very focused on achieving this specific goal. Then a seminar takes place relatively quickly, where several participants are taught the same goal. There are also video courses to work through. As a rule, individual training sessions do not take place. The role of the coach is to improve traders' performance. The disadvantage here is the fact that the trainer cannot go into depth on the individual problems of the participants.

Mentoring is based on a relationship, whether it is trading or personality mentoring. Often it is not just about doing the tasks in trading better, but also developing one's self-confidence and skills in equal measure. Mentoring is based on a long-term relationship and is not about acquiring skills in the short term. Mentoring takes time to build trust, but also patience and time to achieve the mentoring goals. Many traders do not lose contact with their mentor even after a regular mentoring relationship has expired. Mentoring is about the development of a person and not about completing a task that is the big difference between mentoring and coaching. For this reason everyone should think about what is best for them.

There is also another important point and that is your personal marginal utility. Most traders lose money and it takes at least 6000 screen hours to break even. If a part-time trader trades 4 hours a day, that is over six years. The breake even zone is the hardest thing to achieve. The subsequent area of profit is then much easier to reach and then it is about optimization. The greatest marginal utility thus represents the breakeven point. Therefore, one should ask oneself what one needs the respective trading coach for? I recommend that you first determine your point of view and then define your goal.

First of all, you should deal with the question of what type of trader you belong to and in which area you feel comfortable. Then you should ask yourself what exactly do you need a coach for? Then comes the decision for group or individual training. And from that the decision whether a coach or a mentor would be the better choice. If you can answer all of these questions for yourself, you have made significant progress. In the next week I will show you how and where you can find a good coach or mentor, what costs you will incur and how you can protect yourself from unpleasant surprises.

Inserted Video

I wish you a nice and successful trading week

Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #1645 ---
You are a scholar . You have yet to understand who is a market maker. Why Exchanges appoint market makers ? What is expected of them? Why do you call it a conspiracy if they are doing their job?

What is auction process? Is a cartel legitimate or not? Why cartels are tolerted in capitalistic systems.particularly in open bidding?

Liquidity, my friend, keeps the markets tradable.

Can you contribute to liquidity by reading the tape? You have no idea how many sellers are sitting in the dark. But the market makers and the cartels have the figures. They can confidentally move the markets by making them wet and dry.

Reading the tape is akin to using palmistry . Trying to guess when the markets will become wet or dry.

Walking blindly with meagre financial resources needs the help of intuition and falling back on the power of observation - both of which take years of practice to record inputs to brain hard disk for outputting intuition.

Why are you giving false hopes to people to use tools of "certainty" for operating in an uncertainty bidding pricess? A normal brain is not wired for that kind of activity.

--- 帖子 #1646 ---
Hi Simnz

I think we can determine liquidity conditions accurately by reading the tape because these market makers have to play their hand eventually.

Using the futures market, we can read the liquidity density of these marker makers orders and establish their intent.

I myself like Michael mainly trade the EURUSD scalping the market data from the CME futures data. Here I have to establish the amount of liquidity the market makers are leaking into the market before I can act on the volume data.

As Michael said, its far easier to use that information to trade spot FX.

Taking Friday's action, they were keeping the density dense about 2:1 of first Sellers over Buyers then they flipped to 2:1 Buyers over Sellers.

They in effect burn rubber into the road with their burnouts because they left continuous orders on the market to block Sellers or Buyers from breaking shallow pullbacks.

They therefore established absorption conditions with large order blocks which can be read on the tape if you look and understand.

Myself and Michael are on different roads but we view the same destination, we use different tools but we see what needs to be seen.

Our brain is wired for reading the tape if we wait for clarity of vision to appear.

--- 帖子 #1647 ---
I am not oppsing the practice of reading the tape . Neither of reading palm leaves. I do that myself.

It has taken me 36 years in gaining proficiency in tape reading using my brain to understand bidding antics.. My montly return is 25% of the margin capital. Since I have no agenda, I dont share my trading records. I can share with you not to impress you but to encourage your journey.

My ojection is to calling of the market makers and cartels as conspirators and persuading non- suspecting people to make feel as if trading is like any other profession. It is the most toughest job comparable to that of a sports person or an entertainer or a surgeon, or a scientist taking decades to gain some profiency.

He is a bad teacher.

--- 帖子 #1648 ---
I have 36 years of trading spot, futures, and options covering currencies, commodities, indices, shares, bonds, interest-rate futures, forwards, and swaps.

I started learning about Dem/USD futures in 1982 when I was a financial journalist. Having no margin deposit to trade even 1 contract, I was just noting down the prices in a rough notebook and used to imagine different scenarios for fun.

1983 was the turning point of my life when I quit the full-time daily newspaper job and starting weaing two hats - one of a part-time journalist and another of a marketing entrepreneur. It took 8 years for me to be in decent money where I could put in some money in financial trading. Making passive income  and investing in various assets, I continued my marketing enterprise until 2001. It was when I realized the web is going to put me out of the marketing business forever. So I closed down my business in 2001 without waiting for the D day.

WWW was a curse then and later turned into a blessing in 2002 when I saw trading of OTM spot, exchange-traded options, and futures can be done online.

After a long stint of practicing, I finally realized I just have to focus on only one aspect of the market that of the bidding antics employed by the market makers to keep trading markets alive, dry, and wet. It applies to any market where auction-style bidding is conducted.

No one on this earth (except the insiders) can make forecasts. So what is the point of me wasting time on pre-analysis? Just enter the trading arena and then start thinking of trading tactics and not earlier. I also felt that whenever I am following any tips, or forecasts (including my own), I was making it my mission goal. When trading starts, I was actually trading to prove a point rather than focussing on the risk or profit targets.

After Brexit, I lost interest in GBPJPY. HK permits only 5 times leverage. I started looking for a new volatile trading instrument. My goal was looking for futures that can be traded with 10-12.5% margin capital and giving high low volatility of 2% or 2.5% daily. The calculation was that I should win 10% of the daily high low (0.2%) so that I could make 2% on my margin capital daily.

It was a herculean task, so I used inddex futures and futures options of HK, German and US market plus GBPUSD futures and options devoting not more than 1 hours on each market. It now works and I am getting closer to my profit goal.

--- 帖子 #1649 ---
Factory of the vanities

Hello Simnz,

First of all, I think it's very nice that you have found your trading approach and feel comfortable with it, although some people who have already traded with you have PMed me that you are only a demo trader. I cannot judge whether that is the case, after all, everyone has to come to terms with themselves. Basically I would like to point out that I started this blog exclusively for myself as a trader's diary to document my own progress and not to teach other traders how to trade. If someone implements my ideas to get an advantage, they will always do so voluntarily.

I've pointed out a thousand times that I'm not so cocky as to believe that I'm doing the right thing. I accept any other opinion, but you seem to have big problems with that. Maybe it will help you if I confirm that you are right in your world, are you satisfied then? I don't understand, if you don't like the topics on our blog, why not just ignore this blog? You are a pensioner, but do you have so much daytime free time that you have to spend hours dealing with it? After all, I don't come into your blog and argue with you about which of the two of us is right. First of all, I don't have the time for it, because I am in trading for 12-13 hours every day, and secondly, this market is not about who is right, but rather that every trader finds his own personal approach. And unfortunately there is no discussion about that.

Since I have some time and inclination today, I would like to answer you in more detail to help you. Life is all about vanity, so I've been thinking about where I could have pissed you off. In my last video I looked at the trading coaches a little more critically, after which you have already written 3 posts. I seem to have stung a wasp's nest. Then my next video, which comes out in a week, will cause you even bigger problems.

On December 27th, 2020 you submitted the following post: “Can FF members please post some simple trading systems that do not use indicators to predict direction. I am 72 years old and as a social project I am teaching older people who enjoy trading as a game to keep their brains active and to make a passive income from it. "

Basically, I find it very commendable when you help others without asking for money. But if someone has been trading for 36 years, shouldn't they know how to help other people trade? I find it very questionable to use simple trading systems that you haven't checked yourself to enable retirees to earn a passive income. Helping people with his personal experiences for free would be much better.

Rick has already tried to give you a clear answer in his friendly post, which unfortunately you did not understand. Coincidentally, just like Rick, you started your blog at Forex Factory in 2015. Rick has three times the monthly growth of subscribers on his blog as you do, which means that he may address topics that are more interesting and understandable for traders. Membership in a blog is always voluntary, the traders are not stupid and always choose the best content that will help them.

What also amazes me is that you address things that neither of us has ever claimed or said and unfortunately your arguments are not constructive. Maybe this is due to the translation, the language or simply because we live in different worlds. I notice how much things upset you and I don't want health problems to arise from them because you are no longer the youngest. I understand that you view the market differently and I accept your opinion. We expect the same from you too. In the future I have no interest in discussing things with you that you cannot understand because you do not work with algorithms. When discussing with one another, it should always take place on the same level, which is unfortunately not the case in our case.

I wish you from the bottom of my heart that all things develop as you deserve in the future and I also wish you a lot of strength and especially health.

Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #1650 ---
Hello Michael

Thanks again for your video and thoughts.

I just wanted to highlight the above part in your answer to a member - it seems a LOT of "traders("newbie or not")" does not grasp that at all!!

** from the post by member RickM: " we view the same destination, we use different tools but we see what needs to be seen"!

Trade well / Cheers / Mos

--- 帖子 #1651 ---
Attached Image

You should do without these trading coaches

Hello dear subscribers,

the new video is online and, as always, you will first receive the English translation. You can find the link from the video at the end of my post.

In my last post we talked about the goals of coaching and mentoring and how to find out which type of coaching would be optimal. Today we talk about what to look for when looking for a coach or mentor and how to find the right trainer. In addition, you will receive a requirement profile that, in my opinion, a good and serious coach should meet. We also look at the costs and when coaching is actually worthwhile. Unfortunately, there is no Stiftung Warentest where you can compare the individual providers, so you are forced to listen to your inner voice. Most decisions are made emotionally, and many coaches use this situation to their advantage.

Before you can develop yourself further with the help of others, you first have to determine your own point of view and a possible goal, then the type of training and, at the end, the ideal training partner. Basically, we need to know that learning to trade takes either time or money. Let's start with the possibilities that cost time but not money. You can find a lot of good information on YouTube, I particularly recommend watching the videos from America. There you will get all the information you need. There are large trading forums for example Forex Factory or Future forums in America, where you can get excellent information. I myself created my own blog at Forex Factory over three years ago to write a trading diary, which enabled me to expand my knowledge incredibly and now I belong to the 5 best-known traders in Germany with almost 900,000 members. Over time, I developed my own strategies and got to know a lot of interesting traders. This communication resulted in friends with whom one exchanges regularly in order to initiate new ideas and projects. I also got to know very successful traders through my channel on YouTube who would never go public.

Now let's look at the options that cost money. Trading books also help to expand knowledge, although there you should refer to the recommendations of the readers. Trading videos are also available on the Udemy platform. For about 20 € you can get up to 20 hours of video material, but I can't make any statements about the quality because I used the platform for videos for programming. And they actually helped me. At the end there are still the trading coaches and mentors, which we are dealing with in more detail today. The biggest challenge lies in breaking even. A full-time trader needs an average of three years and a part-time trader at least six years. Most part-time traders want to be successful as soon as possible in order to be able to trade full-time. That's why you are ready to hire a trading coach. In fact, you can save a lot of time with a training coach, provided that the information is helpful to you. First of all, should you be clear about whether you need help in a specific area or whether you are ready to start from scratch? If you want to adopt a certain strategy from a coach, you may have to throw the knowledge you have learned overboard in order to absorb new knowledge. The question is, are you ready for this?

Let us first deal with the question of why a trader becomes a trading coach at all.

First, because he doesn't make any money trading.

Because he doesn't earn enough from training

Because he dreams of great wealth

Because he also needs a secure income

Because he wants to build up a second mainstay in addition to his training.

Because after ten years of training he is looking for further development

Because he wants to help others, but in this case he could also become a mentor.

Of course there are other different motivations why a trader becomes a coach, I definitely recommend finding a coach who does this because he wants to develop himself further or he wants to help others. However, the search is not that easy. There are over 500 different trading coaches in Germany, Austria and Switzerland, but the market is very limited as there are only 60,000 traders. For this reason, a coach has to offer something special that the others cannot. And that's why statements are often made here that are not entirely true. Imagine you are a lottery player and one day you discover a code to regularly hit the jackpot. You build yourself a small computer that you can use to generate your numbers on a regular basis. Honestly, would you sell this computer now or would you rather hit the jackpot yourself? If a trader had indeed found the holy grail, would they be willing to sell it? And it is precisely for this reason that a lot of information that you receive, from 90% of the coaches, is nothing more than mass-produced goods, which you can also obtain for free on the Internet.

Basically, I am not negative towards advertising, but certain advertising spots on YouTube really get on my nerves, I think you know do that too. Advertising is understood to be the dissemination of information to the public or to selected target groups by mostly profit-oriented companies with the purpose of making products and services known. In this example we see a funny commercial about Ceddar cheese, but it succeeded, and which you can watch over and over again. Why is a training coach ready to advertise for some € 100 or € 1000? Quite simply because it makes him more money than his own trading. And that's exactly what we should think hard about. To be honest, if a service or a product is offered somewhere at a sensationally low price, word gets around like wildfire and the item is sold out within a short time. If a coach is really good, word gets around very quickly because the traders are satisfied and then he doesn't have to advertise. And even if the trading coach has no customers, why doesn't he act himself during this time to finance his costs. After all, he shows other traders how to make money by trading. Then why does he even advertise?

As we all know, customer reviews on Amazon or eBay cannot always be trusted. The same applies to ratings in the service sector. I know many companies who offer their customers a discount when they write a positive recession. In the entire financial services sector, the average satisfaction rate in Germany is 75%. Interestingly, 362 trading coaches received an average rating of 90%. A rogue who thinks evil.

How do you recognize a serious trading coach?

He does little or no advertising on YouTube
Shows you some live trades in the forex market
Is ready to give in-depth, free tips
Does not sell a mass product that everyone can use
Develops your own creative approaches
He don t put monetary things in the foreground
Helps you reach your breakeven point
Provides you with his personal setup
Helps you assemble your workstation
Knows exactly how the market works
Is familiar with hardware and software
Carries out individual coaching or a maximum of 3-5 people
Can explain how the big players work
Knows examples of the use of algorithms
He avoid classic volume trading
Addresses your strengths and weaknesses individually
He works with forex and stock market data
Can figure out the most effective asset for you
He know, that there are no patterns in the price or chart
Knows the pip value per minute
He don t make long-term price forecasts
Does not sell trading signals or indicators

Imagine you are a doctor and you have your waiting room full of patients. You call on everyone who has a cold and carry out a uniform mass treatment. I think we all agree that no doctor in the world would do that. Of course, a doctor could earn more money with it, but every patient is unique and deserves individual treatment. A trader is also unique and individual, why should he get involved in group training?

In addition, I recommend that you avoid coaches who ...

... put yourself under time pressure
... who tell you how easy trading is.
... that promise you that you will earn a lot of money
... which reduce their trading products
... who are talking about a special offer
... which have their place of jurisdiction abroad
... who do massive advertising
... who flaunt money, real estate or cars
... who want to change you completely
...who make their competition bad
And the most important point
... he don't seem honest to you

A good trading coach ...

... helps you to understand the market.
... shows you where the big players buy and sell.
... helps you with time management as a part-time and full-time professional
... supports you in the selection of assets
... helps you in the area of hardware and software
... has a clear procedure
... is fundamentally familiar with tax and finance law
... helps you with money management and risk analysis
... knows the difference between cause and effect indicators
... knows how to use the native and synthetic iceberg orders
... can explain DoM, time and sales, heatmap and spoofing to you in detail
... gives you psychological support through his own life experience
... helps you with your trading evaluation / analysis
... provides you with his personal setup

If we think about it for a moment when we buy a new vehicle, how do we proceed? First we select different vehicles, look at various test reports on the Internet, then make personal phone calls with dealers, take a test drive, then make a decision and conduct individual negotiations again before we conclude the sales contract. This is exactly how we should proceed when choosing a trading coach. When you have made a selection of five or six different trading coaches, you should have a personal phone call. If the coach does not have time for you and someone other on the phone makes the call, I recommend you leave it. The mass treatment already stats here.

There are four key factors in trading. We start with the hard skills. This means the basic trading knowledge, strategies and procedures. Next, soft skills are a crucial factor. This means the methodical competence that supports our hard skills. Then there is psychology and self-reflection. The third shamrock is the hardware. This includes the complete composition of the workstation including sound and screens. Another point that should not be neglected is the software. This includes setting up the trading screen, reading out data and filtering the evaluation software. As a rule, the subject of hard skills is dealt with well in the training, there are deficiencies in the soft skills of the hardware and software. Now some will say that a trader does not have to be familiar with the hardware and software, but here I have to partly disagree. A pilot also has to deal with his aircraft, which is particularly noticeable during the PreFlight Check when he inspects his aircraft before take-off. A trader who is familiar with his technique often has a decisive advantage.

Let's come to the cost of a trading seminar. The prices vary massively between 3500 € -20,000 €. From time to time, high trading costs are compared with the pilot's license, which costs 70,000 € and is also an investment in the future. Let us take a closer look at this argument. The training to become a pilot takes two years; moreover, Lufthansa bears a large part of these costs provided that the pilot continues to work for Lufthansa afterwards. The training time is 3400 hours. That is an average cost of € 20 per hour for a commercial aircraft pilot's license. Incidentally, the starting salary of a pilot is € 5000 gross per month. That is an hourly wage of 30 euros. Let us now consider a training offer of 5000 euros for an annual training in which 20 people are involved. 30 videos, a three-day seminar and 30 Skype conferences with all 20 participants are made available. That is a total of 84 hours for the coach. The participant pays € 60 per hour, if we exclude the videos, it is € 100 per hour. However, for general group training. The training coach gets an hourly wage of € 1,850. From my point of view, this is not only outrageous, but a complete rip-off.

What I would find absolutely fine would be if a participant could get 50 individual Skype lessons for 5000 €. In this way the trainer could adjust to the individual participant and I am convinced that the chances of success would be 1000 times greater. If the coach is hardworking, he could individually train four participants in 200 hours and would still earn enough money with it. From my point of view, the dream of getting rich on the stock exchange is being exploited here to call up outrageous prices. Therefore I believe that there are fewer and fewer people who are willing to pay these prices in the future. The first coaches have already noticed this, as the number of their participants is falling dramatically. What I do not understand is that the trading participant pays without making claims. The customer is king and not the coach. But many traders hope for a successful entry into the million dollar market of the stock exchange.

Don't just let the money be pulled out of your pocket and compare the price-performance ratio. I know it's difficult, but I would always value a individual coaching.

Invest a maximum of 20-40% of your risk capital, at 5000 € this is a maximum of 2000 € for coaching.

For this I would expect individual coaching of at least 20 hours.

Joint live training in the largest market in the world

Forget the videos, you can also get the information on the Internet

And let you explain how the big players work

In addition, the coach should address your strengths and weaknesses individually.

The coach and the training participant should always work according to the WIN WIN principle, a business is good, when both are satisfied. Most of the time it's just the coach. If you cannot find a suitable trading coach who meets your requirements, you should look for a suitable mentor. Konrad Adenauer was the mentor of Helmut Kohl and Helmut Kohl was the mentor of Angela Merkel. You can say what you want about the party, but these three politicians still enjoy an excellent reputation around the world. And the previous and intensive mentoring was essentially responsible for this. As we know, mentoring is relationship-oriented, long-term and therefore development-oriented. From my point of view in the trading area the best approach. Let's take another quick look at the part-time trader who typically takes six years to break even. Let's assume that this trader only finds his personal mentor after two years. With the help, he is able to break even two years later and has saved two years.

First, let's look at how it would go without a mentor. In the first six years a loss of € 12,000 is achieved. From the seventh year he is in the breakeven area and after that he makes profits. After ten years he is easily profitable and has good chances for the next few years. Since the trader only finds his mentor after two years, he naturally makes the same loss for the first two years. With the help of the mentor, the loss is reduced to 1000 euros and in the fifth year he already reaches the breakeven point. The following years are then much more positive; in the overall result, that could well be an advantage of € 54,000 in ten years. But let's first look at the short-term area. That would be a benefit of € 8,000 within six years. The question is, how much are you willing to invest? The idea that the coach only earns money if the trader earn money on the stock market would also be interesting. The industry would probably die out as a result. Of course, every trader wants to become successful as quickly as possible, but the stock market is so complex that the clocks tick differently here. The most important quality of a trader should be patience. A blade of grass doesn't grow any faster if you pull on it. So there is strength in rest.

In my opinion, a good trading coach or mentor is just as difficult to find as the right life partner. And I don't need to tell anyone how often we have made the wrong decision in this area. The exchange opens every Monday and closes on Friday, there is no need to rush. Take your time to find the right trading partner, everything else will only cost you unnecessary time and a lot of money. Still 88% of all traders lose their money. You shouldn't belong.

Inserted Video

I wish you from the bottom of my heart that you always make the right decisions and the success that you deserve for your future.

Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #1652 ---
Plan the trading efficiency with my new Excel spreadsheet

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Hello dear subscribers,

the new video is online and, as always, you will first receive the English translation. You can find the link from the video at the end of my post.

In trading, there are no reliable price forecasts or strategies that show us the future price development. And yet there is a great ally and that is the probability. In addition, there are factors such as CRV, pip value / min, the range between profit and loss and the expected value. Bringing all these things under one roof is a great challenge. For this purpose I have created a special Excel table for you today, with which you can see all these things at the same time. I'll show you examples of how you can double your income with small changes without increasing your risk. First take a look at the video, at the end you can download the table for free from my blog. In my video on how we can effectively reduce the trading tax in 2021, I have already discussed the deductibility of future trading losses in more detail. In addition, different alternatives were examined to reduce the trading tax. Let us look again at the text of the law. Cumulative profit transactions with futures can be deducted up to € 20,000 per year. The remainder is carried forward indefinitely and can be used up to € 20,000 in the following year if there is still a profit that can be offset within the year. That is also logical, because a loss carryforward can only ever be offset against newly generated profit.

In 2021 a trader will make a profit of € 72,000 and a loss of € 40,000. Since he can offset a maximum of € 20,000 in losses in this year, there is a loss carryforward for 2022. If he achieves the same profits and losses in 2022, the loss carried forward from 2021 and the loss from 2022 will now come into effect. Now let's look at how I interpret the new tax legislation. In 2021, € 72,000 in profits will be made, € 40,000 in losses and a maximum of € 20,000 deductible. There was no loss carryforward from last year, as the law was only introduced in 2021. This means that € 52,000 is taxed and a tax of € 13,712 is due without church tax. In the next year, the same profits and losses arise, € 20,000 are deductible and the loss carryforward from last year is also added. The tax is € 32,000, which results in a tax amount of € 8,438. If profits and losses remained the same, the tax amount would remain at € 8,438. In four years that would be a tax amount of € 39,000. Before the tax reform, the trader would have paid € 5,000 less. I would like to make an important statement at this point. I am exclusively a private trader and transmit the trader tax information as I understand it in the legal text. This can lead to errors of interpretation at any time, I am not liable for you. For this reason, I recommend that each of you always discuss your individual situation with a tax lawyer, tax advisor or auditor.

Let's look at key factors in trading that I'm going to discuss in more detail today. A trader only reaches his breakeven point if he takes these factors into account and combines them with one another. The greatest challenge lies in linking these factors. For this I have built a tool for you that will support you. There are also four other factors that I have developed: pip value per minute, dollars per minute, the range between profit and loss and the tax value. There are many ways to evaluate your trades, today I would like to introduce you to my approach. First of all, I need the time when I entered the trade, the trade direction, the currency pair and the entry price. Then I need the exit time, the exit price, the number of lots, the spread, the stop size, how many seconds the trade ran and the result of the pip. From this I can calculate the pip value per minute, the profit achieved, the profit that would result from it per minute, the CRV as well as my individual grading. Now the individual trades are continued in the same way. A little tip on the side: I always record my trades with a video program in order to check them more closely afterwards. Let's briefly analyze these 18 trades.

On average, I was in the market with 2.4 lots, the spread was 0.6 and the stop was 1.4 pip. A trade lasted an average of 30 seconds, including losses of 1.5 pips with a pip value of 5.2 per minute. The expected value was $ 31 and the potential was even $ 120. With a win rate of 83%, a CRV of 1.1 was achieved. My average rating was 2. Next, the trades were sorted into long and short. The profit rate for the long trades was 90% while I only got 75% for the short trades. With the long trades, I made more overall, but on average only $ 32 per trade, while I got an average of $ 67 with the schort trades. There are already very good evaluation tools in MT4, and you can also use other offers on the Internet. Due to the inadequate data security for me, I only analyze my data offline, especially since the pip value per minute is also not available online.

Let's take a quick look at the pip value per minute and why it is so important to me. We see an upward movement in the M1 here. 20 pips were achieved within 30 minutes, that is 0.66 pips per minute. After that, the course went back and reached exactly my key candle. You will find that this key candle was the strongest candle in the upward movement. You can get more information about this in my videos. The downward movement occurred within 4 minutes, reaching 18 pips. That's 4.5 pips per minute. On the up move I had to risk my money for 30 minutes while the down move only lasted 4 minutes. The average of the up and down movement was 38 pips in 34 minutes. That's an average of 1.2 pips per minute. So if the average risk is 1.2 pips per minute, movements smaller than 1.2 pips automatically represent a higher risk. Movements greater than 1.2 pip per minute, on the other hand, represent a lower risk. Viewed from the average, the upward movement was 100% riskier, while the downward movement compared to the average represented a 3.5 times lower risk. Overall, the downward movement was 6.8 times faster than the upward movement and thus the risk was 6.8 times smaller. We recognize: the risk and the pip value per minute are always contrary to each other. For this reason I always try to achieve a higher pip value than the average in order to minimize my risk. In my long trades, the average pip value was 3.6 and only 77% of all winning trades exceeded the average of 1.5 pip per minute. In my short trades, the average pip value was 7.2 and 100% of all winning trades exceeded the average of 1.5 pip per minute. So the downward movements for the pip value per minute represent a great potential. You can find more information about this in my videos

Before a trader becomes profitable, he needs a good strategy and an auxiliary tool with which he can analyze his strategy and money management. I have developed a new tool for you in Excel that you can of course get for free. Let's take a look at the tool first. The input tool is on the left, where 9 different inputs have to be made. We start with the capital on the broker account, the leverage, the number of lots that are traded, the average profit rate, the spread, the stop, the TP, the number of your trades per year and the tax rate. In the basic setting, capital gains tax including the solidarity surcharge is calculated; church tax is not taken into account here. After your entry you will see the tax limit of 833. That means after 833 trades you have reached the tax limit of 20,000 €.

The maximum pre-tax profit of $ 10,000 applies to the 833 trades. Now the calculation bar follows, where the spread, the stop, the TP and the profit and loss ratio are shown again. From these entries, the average profit, loss and the effective result are now shown in pip. The profit and loss is now converted into money, at the end the expected value before tax appears. The average profit of 36 € × 1000 trades results in a profit of 36,000 € at the end of the year. The loss is € 24,000, but only € 20,000 of this is deductible. This results in a taxable income of € 16,000. The real profit is € 12,000, from which the tax is deducted and a net profit of € 7,781 remains. This is a disadvantage of € 1,055 compared to the old trading tax. The effective capital gains tax is 35.2% provided that all losses can be deducted. This is only a comparison value to get as close as possible to 26.37%. Since only € 20,000 loss can be offset in the first year, € 4,000 loss is carried over to the next year. For a better overview, I have given the duration in months. Now we come to the evaluation. The market capital refers to the number of lots, the margin refers to the number of lots, the capital and the leverage. The risk per trade is 0.6%, the tax rate is 33.3%. That means I have to pay 33.3% more taxes in this constellation than in the old tax world. The smaller this value the better. The range between profit and loss is 66.7%, which means that the loss makes up 66.7% of the profits. The further the profit is from the loss, the smaller the range P&L value and the less tax you have to pay. The gross CRV is 1.5, the value is calculated from the stop and the TP. With the net CRV, the spread is factored in. The payoff ratio, calculates the average profit divided by the average loss. The net expected value refers to the value after taxes. The monthly profit is 648 € and the monthly return is 6.5%.

So that you can compare different strategies with each other, I have added another table below. We are now changing three factors. First of all, we look for a broker who allows a leverage of 200 and protects us from a negative account balance. We are increasing our profit rate to 5% with the help of my Bionic candle and reducing the spread by having found a good broker. The tax limit increases instantly to 1,143 trades and the maximum profit is $ 24,000. The profit increases by $ 3,000, the loss is reduced by $ 6,500, a maximum loss of $ 20,000 is deductible. Because of the higher income, I have to pay $ 5,500 more in tax, the cash benefit is $ 9,500, and after tax is deducted, $ 8,000 more remains. This does not result in any tax disadvantage and the effective capital gains tax is 26.4%. Below is the calculation bar and the evaluation on the right. Where have we improved now? The margin has been reduced by six times, the risk has become smaller, the tax value is zero, profit and loss are further apart, the net CRV has improved, the payout ratio has also doubled and the net expected value has doubled. Likewise the profit and the return.

Next I want to show you why a professional trader with a high profit ratio will not have any problems with the new trader tax. We use our evaluation tool for this. The profit is € 480,000, the loss € 100,000, € 20,000 remains deductible, € 460,000 is taxable, € 380,000 is available in cash, the tax is € 121,000 and the net amount is € 259,000. It is interesting that there is just a tax disadvantage of € 21,000. The effective capital gains tax is 31.9%, financing a GmbH would be significantly more expensive here. You can see that there is a monthly return of 71.9%. This return relates to the capital of € 30,000. However, we must not forget that this professional trader is trading with 500 leverage. With ten lots he is trading with a capital of 1 million that his broker has made available to him. If we now put this 1 million euros in relation to the profit of 259,000 euros, the annual return is 25.8%. In relation to his deposit of € 30,000, however, the return is correct. Let us briefly consider the tax situation. After the year 2021 has ended, there are four loss carryforwards for the following years. If profits and losses remain the same, the loss carryforwards will continue into the next year.

From the fifth year onwards, in this example, he is placed in such a way that he can actually deduct all losses incurred. From the fifth year the tax remains at € 100,000 per year. If we compare the old tax with the new trader tax, the result is a disadvantage of 53,000 € in ten years. This means that there is an annual tax disadvantage of € 5,300. In relation to the net income, this is only 2%. Instead of € 259,000, the professional trader earns € 254,000. If you were to earn € 380,000 per year as a self-employed person, you would have to pay at least € 162,000 in taxes. Despite the new trader tax, this is still a benefit of € 60,000 per year. That means with the right strategy you don't have to found a GmbH or move abroad. That should just show you that you can trade profitably in Germany, despite the tax.

Now I'll show you how a trader can double his trading income with a few simple steps. We are looking for a broker who offers us a leverage of 200, so we reduce the margin by five times. We are increasing the number of lots from 1.5 to 2 without increasing the risk, and with the new broker we are reducing our spread. Please note: The capital remains at € 5,000, the profit rate does not change, stop, TP and the number of trades also remain the same. Nevertheless, we are able to double our profits and returns. For this reason, I recommend everyone to work with this table. I have created two tables for you in different designs, one light and one dark. Due to the somewhat complicated way the pip is calculated, I have given the currency in dollars. You can download the table for free on my blog at Forex Factory. You can find the link in my description. The table is also interesting for other countries, but the tax legislation should then be taken into account. If you want to know exactly how to get to my blog at Forex Factory, check out my video on Forex Factory.

We come to the conclusion:

As a beginner, it took me over two years to understand the importance of money management, CRV or expected value. Trading is always about optimizing probabilities, with my developed table, you can check your strategies faster. Then you should individually evaluate your individual trades to check whether your strategy has worked. Every good company prepares a monthly profit and loss account and a balance sheet at the end of the year. This enables the company to react more quickly to changes. As a trader, you basically also run a small company. I would be happy if I could help you with my idea, I wish you every success with the analysis with my new tool and of course in daily trading.

Inserted Video

Kind regards Michael

Attached File(s)   Moneymanagement Bionics.xlsx

36 KB
|
595 downloads

I do not assume any liability for the correctness, completeness and topicality of the information in my files, which are provided free of charge. The content of this file is for information purposes only, it does not constitute investment advice or trading advice. Please note that you use the data I have provided free of charge at your own risk.

--- 帖子 #1653 ---
Plan the trading efficiency with my new Excel spreadsheet in English

Hello dear subscribers,

Since the majority of you do not speak German, I have of course translated my table into English for you. Please note that there are different tax laws in every country, so the Excel table should be adapted individually. Please also have a look at my latest video. I hope this helps you.

Kind regards Michael
Attached File(s)   Moneymanagement Bionics english.xlsx

36 KB
|
661 downloads

--- 帖子 #1654 ---
Breakouts, as you can see the tendency beforehand!

Attached Image

Hello dear subscribers,

the new video is online and, as always, you will first receive the English translation. You can find the link from the video at the end of my post. In my video I discussed 10 live forecasts that I cannot deliver to you as text this time. Therefore, I ask that the English-speaking participants on YouTube have the text translated with subtitles.

In today's video I would like to take you on a week's trip, where I made ten predictions about the possible and future course of the course. You can then immediately see how right or wrong I was. In some of the videos on my channel we kept talking about my specially filtered limit orders and how important they are for a future price forecast. With this video we will examine these limit orders more closely and to what extent they can actually provide a reliable price forecast.

Coincidentally, this week, with around 300 pips, the strongest weekly movement in over 61 weeks occurred. From Tuesday to Friday, I made a total of ten forecasts in the current chart, which we will examine in more detail. Basically, the greatest volatility was to be expected on Wednesday, June 16 around 8:00 p.m., because the Fed announced a statement and a press conference there. The euro-US dollar was down 148 pips on that day, almost twice the average daily range. The next day's headline read: Fed decision drives the dollar. But is this statement true and was the fed actually responsible for the fact that the share price fell so sharply? We will deal with the question more intensively at the end and you will be amazed what comes out of it.

Let us now start with my individual forecasts and the accompanying explanation. We start on Tuesday, June 15, 2021 around 9:00 a.m.

(You can find the translated text as subtitles on YouTube)

Let's take a quick look at how my prognosis turned out. Since I started producing my new video at 3:40 pm, I can of course only show you the course up to this point. After all, the price has moved around 60 pip from the upper resistance zone to the current price and it could get even more. Please do not think that I can make such precise forecasts every week, but this week was very easy as there were very big big players in the market who had been collecting massive shares of Bid for two weeks. Of course, my specially filtered limit orders only work in markets where big big players are active. And that was definitely a home game this week.

Now we come back to the press release. Fed decision to drive the dollar. Many market participants believe that this statement by the FED has resulted in the course falling sharply. The real reason, however, is much more mundane. Already on June 3rd and 4th I noticed that the big players collected massive bids almost at the low. In the following week, the price was then massively pushed up and a new high formed again and again. As a result, more and more long traders came into the market. On Friday last week, the price was finally pushed down sharply. On Monday through Wednesday of this week, the price was slowly pushed up again and, interestingly, it was precisely in this area that massive bids were collected again. And now we should all ask ourselves the following questions, if the world's largest big players collect massive bids at one price level over several weeks, where will the price head in the long term? In addition, we still knew that the FED meeting could cause high volatility.

We all know the phrase, which came first, the chicken or the egg? With its announcement, the FED was not to blame for the fact that the price had gone down, but the big players who had already collected bids weeks in advance at a price level. The big players certainly had more information about what the Fed had to announce that day. So the big players have already been preparing for two weeks because they knew that there would be very high volatility on that day. It is therefore clear that you can already know exactly in which direction it is going before an outbreak occurs. This should be of particular interest to traders who specialize in these breakouts. Incidentally, I did not participate in this outbreak, for me it is crucial which direction the medium-term course takes. From this I use my key candles to create the zones where I try to achieve a pip value greater than 2 per minute. With this I am able to trade 10-20 trades a day cleanly. Such extreme breakouts are quite rare, I prefer to rely on regular reliable trades.

We come to the conclusion:

The success of a trader is not based on the fact that he can trade such extreme breakouts exactly, but completes regular, small trades with a high profit rate and a good CRV. To do this, however, you have to know which medium-term movement a course is currently taking or whether it is even in an equilibrium. My special filtered limit orders in combination with my Bionic candle give me a good future overview of the price trend. For the entry and exit of my trades, I then need the identification of the algorithms with my tones. Without this help, I could never achieve such a high win rate. For this reason I can recommend each of you to take a closer look at the exchange data from the futures market. I wish you a really great weekend and if you like the channel I would be happy to receive a subscription.

Inserted Video

Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #1655 ---
Excellent post as always, Michael. Looking forward to giving the video a good deep dive!

Have a grand weekend and on to next week's fun

--- 帖子 #1656 ---
Hello Lem, Thank you very much for your great praise, the translation should now work on YouTube. I wish you a successful trading week and a great weekend. Greetings Michael

Inserted Video

--- 帖子 #1657 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Why 90% of traders lose...

Hello dear subscribers,

the new video is online and, as always, you will first receive the English translation. You can find the link from the video at the end of my post.

There are around 5 million retail traders worldwide, 90% of whom lose every month. That's a shockingly high number and at first glance you can't believe that such a high rate of loss is possible. In today's post we want to look at why this is in detail. In the videos I have produced so far, you will find good solutions that can help you in the future. We can gloss it over as we want. The fact is that only 5% of all traders make long-term profits. 5% are breakeven and 90% suffer losses. The dramatic thing is that the 5% who make profits unfortunately not all traders can make a living from it. The fundamental question is what reason should there be for you, of all people, to be one of the winners in the future. Maybe some of my approaches will help you, if so I would be very happy about it.

One of the main reasons so many traders lose is the fact that many believe that the stock market is very simple. Accordingly, they meet the big players in the market. Playing chess is also relatively easy in principle, but not when you play against the world champion. And in the stock market we compete against the best traders in the world every day. It would be presumptuous to believe that you have a fair chance here. This does not mean that it is impossible to trade profitably, but one should enter the markets with the necessary respect. Another problem is working with the indicators. Many traders rely on indicators to make the decision as to whether or not to enter a trade. And that is exactly a big mistake that can cost a lot of money in the long term. Here we should always pay attention to the causality principle of cause and effect. Only the market orders that run into the limit orders are responsible for a price change and not the indicator that suddenly indicates an oversold. From this cause the effect arises, like the price the candles and the time. Trading decisions should never be made on the basis of an effect, but always on the basis of the cause itself.

A lot of traders pay too much attention to the price from my point of view. Of course, a price randomly changes direction at an even price level, but as a rule you will not notice that. As we know, there is actually no above and below in the price, so the price is completely irrelevant to me. In most cases I don't even know exactly where the price is in EURUSD. In EURUSD, the average cost per lot is ten dollars. If I do ten trades, the broker has already made $ 100. With a 60% win rate, I have to win at least $ 16 per trade to make as much as my broker. This $ 100 that the broker earns logically reduces my profit. In addition to the costs and fees, the execution times and many other things are of course also important. You can find detailed information about this in my videos.

The hype about volume trading began ten years ago in Germany, although volume trading is nothing new as the big players have been working with it for over 30 years. However, the big players do not work with volume in the way many coaches portray it. The volume is just an addition of the ask and bid. Interestingly enough, ask and bid never meet and have nothing to do with each other in the market. In the high volume peaks, people like to talk about the fair price, but the fair price is where there was hardly any volume. For this reason, volume trading is ineffective for me. Many traders look to the news to make trading decisions. But it is not the news that influences the market, it is the market that influences the news. Check out my last video about this. There I'll show you that not even the latest news from the FED have a significant impact on the markets (except for volatility). The big players who have previously collected ask or bids in certain price regions determine where the markets will go.

It is also a mistake to assume that there are both upward and downward trends. What we see on the chart are only movements that are initiated by the big players. These movements are only dependent on the reactions of the 1 million retail traders. For this reason, the market technique and the candle formation are ineffective for me. Every day, many traders look for the ASSETS with the highest volatility in different markets, because they believe they can make a profit with it. Basically, this line of thought is not wrong, but 90% of traders lose their money. High volatility is therefore rather counterproductive for over 90% of traders, as they lose money even faster with this approach. The Apple share has a significantly higher volatility than the EURUSD, which is due to the fact that the largest big players in the world provide a massive amount of liquidity in the EURUSD. That is precisely where security is significantly higher. Another challenge is the flood of information from the stock exchanges, which runs exclusively through our brain canal, seeing. Our eyes are totally overloaded in trading, as they can only absorb about 25 pieces of information per second. For this reason, I work with tones that our brain can pick up up to 20 times more efficiently. This often brings significant market advantages.

Many future traders often only concentrate on the market orders, although it is primarily the limit orders that influence the market. In addition, I made a nice comparison with a vehicle in my videos to show the dominance of limit orders. In order to anticipate the short-term market development one has to be able to identify a kind of 3-D strength in the limit and market orders. This results in further advantages. Another challenge is that every trader has different skills and approaches. You can't lump traders together. First of all, you should find out whether you are suitable as a swing trader, day trader or scalper. When this question has been answered, you should create and further optimize your individual setup precisely in this area. A trader who tries to be able to do everything is in the end just a duck who can do everything. Flies swim, run and dive, but in no area does it stand a chance against its competition.

In EURUSD, downward movements are 30-40% faster than upward movements. Those who use this information to their advantage can earn up to 30% more without changing their strategy. Anyone who wants to become successful as a trader must inevitably deal with these decisive factors in trading. This is about efficient money management that can only be achieved if in-depth information is available. From this information you can identify your strengths and weaknesses as well as your mistakes and improve them in the long term. In addition, you should also deal with the topic of taxes and know which measures must be taken so that the new trader tax does not take effect so dramatically. You can get information about it in my video, even with a table that you can download.

A greatly underestimated factor in trading is the amount of screen time spent trading. This screen time is essentially responsible for when you hit your personal breakeven point. It's like playing a video game, the more you play the better you get. It is therefore crucial not to invest so much money in the beginning. A crucial point why so many traders lose is due to the fact that they have simply chosen the wrong asset for themselves. In my videos you will find a table where you can calculate your optimal asset. In the example you can see that personally I am four times faster in profit in EURUSD than in pound US dollars. I can also urge every trader to take a closer look at currency strengths. This information is actually worth gold and often gives you the decisive market advantage. Another challenge is to no longer use time-dependent charts for market analysis in the future. Use time and volume-independent charts for this. The best information can be generated from this and it can even be used to read out algorithms. Since we are dealing more and more with algorithms in this market, you will have to deal with them in the future. Get creative and develop your own strategies and procedures to penetrate even deeper into the market. This results in further market advantages. It is a great fairy tale that you have a real chance against the big players with a laptop. No big player works with a laptop, but with state-of-the-art technology and the fastest servers in the world, which are located as close as possible to the stock exchange locations. Our technology today ages very quickly, as you can see in the following article. Not only does our knowledge double every ten years, technology and progress are also changing our language rapidly. Here we find ten sentences that no one would have understood twenty years ago. For this reason I can strongly recommend that you invest in very good technology. In my videos I go into exactly that and show you how you can save a lot of money. There are no relevant patterns in the price or in the candles. Neither do we find any samples in the cathedral or in the T&S. I have already analyzed a few 100,000 candles and found that there are no reliable samples. But there is a ray of hope on the horizon, because clear patterns can be identified in the algorithms. And that is also logical, since they are programmed once and are called up until they are reprogrammed. And it is precisely these algorithms that make life so difficult for most traders. For this reason, one should study it more closely.

Many traders have already wondered about my screen structure, but that's because I use it to identify and evaluate precisely these algorithms. Another reason why so many traders lose is that over 70% of the price trend takes place in the equilibrium or sideways market. This is exactly where small price movements occur, which make it so difficult for day or swing traders. Basically, the stock market is by far the largest market in the world. If we add the forex market to the stocks and future markets, we get a daily turnover of $ 10 trillion. So that we can see how much that is, I've made a comparison. The annual gross domestic product in the US is $ 20,932 billion. Germany is five times smaller but is already in fourth place. If we add up the gross domestic product of the entire world, we get together $ 87.552 billion. If we were to compare the total annual turnover on the stock exchange with this, they would be 87 times greater than the world's gross domestic product. From an economic point of view, of course, the figures cannot be compared with each other, it should only show once how big the stock market turnover is. And in this stock exchange environment, the big players have the greatest capital. The biggest big players trade up to 1 million lots in a day. In order to move the rate by one pip in EURUSD, you have to invest around 10-20,000 lots. That means the institutional and retail traders are hardly able to influence the price. By the way, this is one of the main reasons why so many retail traders are losing.

Another reason is that most traders do not even see what the big players have collected and therefore cannot estimate the future price. Since the big players collect their limit orders with the help of iceberg orders, the essentials in the market are invisible to most traders. And it is precisely this advantage that the big players use to their advantage. Over the past few years I've found that the shorter the time I've been in the market, the lower my risk becomes. I developed the pip value per minute for myself. The longer I am in a trade, the smaller the pip value per minute becomes. The pip value per minute and the risk are contrary to each other. For this reason, I am interested in achieving the highest possible pip value per minute in order to keep the risk low and at the same time to achieve effective profits. I also recommend combining the forex and stock market data with each other for the sake of probability of profit. In the euro US dollar, the two different markets are almost tick-accurate to one another. I also recommend that you look for your optimal currency pair and then work exclusively with it. I've had very good experiences with it over the past eleven years. In my numerous videos you will get a lot of information about the different winning probabilities in the different ASSETS. It is always about one thing: Where can I achieve the highest return with the lowest risk and where can I keep it with a high probability? For this, I recommend an individual evaluation in order to then determine which area is most interesting for you. This market is all about probabilities and if you act wisely here, you can become more successful with it. Avoid bad advisors or incompetent coaches who only want your best, namely your money. As I mentioned in my last few videos, many coaches got into trouble because customers were no longer willing to pay such horrific sums. Some bankruptcies are just around the corner. Instead, look for a mentor who may accompany you for life and not interested in money.

Another factor that should not be underestimated is the psychology of trading. Man instinctively wants to understand things, grasp, pick up or examine them. But that is exactly what is almost impossible on the stock market. In nature there are neither rewards nor punishments; there are only consequences. And that is exactly the same on the stock exchange. If you want to be successful on the stock market, you should develop into a Triple A Trader. This triple A stands for different from others. It's not about being better than the big players, it's about being different from the other traders. And that is exactly what your future profit will be. In the past there have been different studies where one wanted to find out what distinguishes a successful person from an unsuccessful one. At first it was assumed that a successful person makes five correct decisions out of eight, while the unsuccessful person makes only two correct decisions. However, that was a huge mistake. The studies have found that both the successful and the unsuccessful make the same number of correct decisions. What made the successful one successful? Well, it was simply because the unsuccessful tended to postpone decisions or to take too long to make a decision. This means that the successful person was simply able to make twice the number of successful decisions in the same time, which ultimately explains his success.

I am convinced that a great many of you will find some aspects of this video that you have gotten wrong in the past. The ability to turn to something new requires the ability to break away from the previous one. And it is precisely here that past experiences very often stand in the way. Changes are always very stressful and frightening because you cannot predict the future. But this is exactly the step you must be ready to take. This is the current situation in the market and if you are ready to address these changes the tide could turn to your advantage.

In this video I talked about a lot of things that I have already covered in great detail in my individual videos. If you are not yet informed about this, I recommend you to watch the videos. There you will get a lot of information that will optimize your probability of winning. You can lose some time by doing this, but the chances are high that you will gain more in the long run. I keep my fingers crossed for you with all my heart and would be very happy if my information helps you a little.

In return, I would be very happy if you would recommend this YouTube channel to others. I wish you all the best in trading.

Inserted Video

Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #1658 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Strategy, part-time to become a successful trader

Hello dear subscribers,

the new video is online and, as always, you will first receive the English translation. You can find the link from the video at the end of my post.

Many people dream of becoming a successful trader. But what's the smartest way to do it? Do I jump into the deep end and start full-time straight away, or is there a good alternative that offers me the security I need and that may bring me to profitability in 3 years. In addition, I will give you some important information that will significantly increase your probability of winning. For this purpose I analyzed some 100,000 candles, the result is very interesting and will help you in the trade. In Germany there are 44.7 million gainfully employed persons, of which 40.7 million are salaried and over 4 million self-employed. Of the 40.7 million employees, over 3 million also have a part-time job, as the income from one job is no longer sufficient for many employees. 23% are very satisfied in their job, 55% are moderately satisfied and 22% are dissatisfied. Since the self-employed and part-time workers can usually choose their activities, this satisfaction relates to the remaining 37 million employees. The fact that 55% are only moderately satisfied shows that there are massive problems here too.

There are many reasons for dissatisfaction. Too much work, too little time, too little money, and annoying colleagues are criticized by most. There is a lack of recognition in the job, self-realization is seldom given, there is little prospect for the future and the question of meaning is judged poorly by most. The time dependency, work from 7 a.m. to 4 p.m. and the local dependency are also criticized. Long driving times to work are not counted as working time. The job is performed according to regulations and wrong values are conveyed in the process. Many criticize the loneliness at work, such as parcel delivery staff or agents, and feel that they are underutilized. Not only is working with hazardous substances harmful to health, but also sitting in open-plan offices with poor ventilation. Overall, many do not have a work-life balance. Many trading coaches who advertise on YouTube take advantage of employee dissatisfaction. From her point of view, trading is associated with: Little work, more time, a lot of money and great colleagues. There is recognition you can realize yourself has a future perspective and the question of meaning has also been clarified. You can work when and where you want and determine your own values. Joint trading in a team, there is no underchallenge, lots of breaks and the work-life balance is not neglected either. Some trading coaches even recommend jumping into the deep end. You should simply book a seminar with them and then quit your job and immediately start full-time as a successful trader. I can only urgently warn you not to comply with this request. Because these trading coaches are primarily concerned with the money that they earn from you.

In truth, as a trading beginner you have a lot of work, little time and no money because you only lose at the beginning. There are hardly any colleagues who act in the same setup as you. You will only receive recognition from the trading coach if you pay for it. Of course you can self-actualize, while your wife goes to work and earns money, you lose your money on the stock market. Of course, you do not have great future prospects in trading at the beginning and you can clarify the question of meaning when you have become successful. You can work whenever you want, but in the beginning I worked 13-14 hours a day and even on weekends. Of course, you no longer have to drive to work every morning and do the work according to the rules, but now you have to observe your own rules and values. You will continue to trade alone all day, you will be overwhelmed by the approach of the big players and if you forget to take breaks, your health and your work-life balance will suffer. When you suddenly become self-employed as a former employee, there are many challenges. I know that exactly because I've been self-employed for over 32 years and I made a lot of mistakes at the beginning.

If you do a mini job for three years, you have to work 1500 hours and earn € 16,000. In trading, you will invest at least 3,000 hours in the first three years and possibly lose € 12,000 or even more. Of course you have to invest as an entrepreneur, the question is always whether you can afford it. I don't know if your life partner will love it. The fact is you invest a lot of time in the beginning, have less time for the family, and are stressed when things don't go well. You lose money for the first three years and have little support in trading and possibly at home. But there is a solution to this, and that's what we're going to talk about today. How do you learn to ride a bike? It is best to start with a balance bike, where the sense of balance is best trained. And once you master this skill, you can start with a small bike. That's why I would recommend most of you to start trading on a part-time basis and as soon as you have made steady profits, you can switch to a main job. Of course, it depends on your individual situation, if you are single and have no responsibility for a family, you are of course more free in your decision. Of course, full-time trading is the most efficient, but today I'm going to show you a way how you can achieve your goals faster in part-time trading.

Since trading is all about probabilities, we have to deal with it first. Let's consider an Risk-reward ratio  1. Our stop is five pips from the entry and so is the TP. This would result in a profit probability of 50%, of course without spread and commission. These costs further reduce our probability of winning. A RRR of 2 reduces our chance of winning to 33% and a RRR of 3 only gives us a 25% chance of winning. A RRR of 4 means we lose 80% of the time and a RRR of 5 means we have a 17% chance of winning. The pure RRR consideration is of no use to us, the decisive factor is our personal profit ratio. Let's take a look at which RRR the most successful traders work with. Goldman Sachs has a hit rate of 90% with a RRR of just over 2, even though they are primarily day traders.

The range in which a part-time trader acts is a decisive criterion. To do this, we look at the EURUSD in the M5 in the time from 5 p.m. to 8 p.m., where a part-time trader can trade. To get a RRR of 3, we use a stop of 5 pips and a TP of 15 pips. The graph for the short and long trades can be seen on the right. We are now placing this graphical representation next to the range. We find that this Monday it would not have been easy to make a good trade. On Tuesday you could have used a few opportunities in this constellation, on Wednesday it would have been a challenge and on Thursday almost impossible to complete a profitable trade. With a lot of luck you could have done it on Friday. In this constellation, a part-time trader would only have been able to get a good trade through once or twice this week. The biggest challenge was on Thursday as the range was only 10 pips. We are now reducing our stop to 2 pips. With a RRR of 3, the TP is also reduced. This means that our trading range is significantly smaller and the probability of trading profitably on this Thursday is higher. Let us take a brief look at this course again in the M1. I myself work with a stop of 2 pips and a TP of 3 pips. This is a gross RRR of 2 because my stop already includes the spread. Even in this weak volatility phase, you could have found 25 trading opportunities in these 3 hours. Of course, this only works with a special setup, you can find information about this in my numerous videos.

Which trading is actually suitable for a part-time professional, is it swing trading, day trading or scalping? The first challenge is that the part-time trader can only start trading at 4 or 5 p.m. to trade for a maximum of 2-3 hours. For this reason, he can theoretically only work as a swing trader or as a scalper. The problem is that a lot of part-time workers work with day trading strategies, I have just shown you why this goes wrong. The decision in favor of scalping is often difficult, as there is the stock market adage: back and forth empties pockets. Of course, a scalper pays more fees than a swing trader, but effectively makes more money in the same amount of time. Also take a look at my video about scalping, there you will find very interesting information. As a swing trader you work with large stops, small stakes, a high pip target and do few trades. As a scalper you work with small stops, use larger stakes to achieve a small pip target with significantly more trades at the same time. With a similar risk, I earn significantly more money within a shorter period of time, provided that the strategy is successful. Incidentally, I am of the opinion that the number of trades carried out contribute significantly to the experience of a trader. I also believe that a tennis player who has trained 1000 serves in four years has a clear disadvantage compared to his opponent who has trained a total of 50,000 serves in four years. Take a look at my paper airplane experiment again, we learn from it: The closer your goal is to the current price, the more accurate your prediction will be. This can be used to influence the probability in your favor.

I work with currency pairs because I always need a reference value from the past with my strategy. Here you can see the six largest currency pairs, which already account for 2/3 of the total forex turnover. Since the EURUSD is the largest, you will also find the largest big players in the world there. Here you can see the average ATR in the M1 in the individual currency pairs, which leads to a safety factor. The smaller the value, the higher the security. Another important value is the seconds to the breakeven point. In my constellation, I need an average of 20 seconds in EURUSD to reach my break-even point. That is why the euro US dollar is my favorite. A part-time trader has to act efficiently because he doesn't have that much time. Let us now consider which time unit is most efficient. The average ATR in the M1 is 1.5, the M5 candle reaches an ATR of 4 pips. If we calculate that down to the minute, this results in 0.8. We can see that the pip value per minute falls as the unit of time increases. Here you can see the number of zigzag lines that arise in the different time units and how many pip a zigzag line reaches in the average. That means in the M1 a change of direction occurs on average every 20 minutes and if I were to correctly act on all zigzag lines the potential of 264 pips would result. It is not crucial to exhaust the total potential, rather it is crucial to have a potential first. And that is highest in the M1.

So let's come back to the pip value per minute. At the start, I get into trading. The candle reaches 2 pip after 1 minute, so the pip value per minute is 2. The pip value for the next candle is 1.25 and the third candle is 1.16. Now the price is running down the pip value is 0 .25 and is reduced to 0.2 after the fifth candle. The price goes up more strongly at the end and reaches 4 pip after 6 minutes. The pip value per minute is 0.66. We reached the highest pip value per minute after just 1 minute, which would have been the optimal time for me to get out. Why? We see the average ATR of 1.5 and the results we get per minute during our trading. The risk value is calculated from this, the smaller it is, the less risk I have to take in trading. This means that if the pip value per minute is below the ATR, the greater my risk automatically becomes. Now many will think well after 1 minute he have reached two pips, but four pips after 6 minutes is twice as much. That's right, the number of pips is twice as high, but you also have to take three times as high a risk. And from the point of view of probability, that is not wise and certainly not efficient.

Let's see how many candles are above the ATR, for this I analyzed 65,000 candles from M1 to H4. For us traders, it is precisely these candles that are important because they bring us to profit quickly. These are the little breakout candles. In the M1, the average ATR in the last 65,000 candles was only 1.4. 43% of the candles were above the ATR and 57% below the ATR. With 1440 day candles, 619 are above and 821 candles are below the average. In the M5 only 40% of the candles are above the ATR and in the M 15 only 36% of the candles. After that, not much changes. That means in the M1 I have an advantage of 20% over the M15 to get a stronger movement candle. And now it's getting really exciting. In EURUSD I analyzed the M1 candles in the ATR area for four weeks. From Monday to Thursday, as Friday ends at 10:00 p.m. The green fields show the candles that reach an ATR greater than 1.4 on the right side we see the respective time. And now we let the four weeks run through completely from midnight to midnight. We start in the Asian time and find that the volatility in this area is relatively low. The market in Frankfurt opens around 8:00 a.m. and London is added at 9:00 a.m. the volatility rises sharply. Around noon the volatility decreases a bit and at 2:30 p.m. when New York hits the market, 90% of the candles are now above the ATR. As soon as London, Frankfurt and the USA leave the market, volatility will drop significantly. Let's get to the result, between 8:00 a.m. and 7:00 p.m. the average pip value per minute is over 1.4. From 7 p.m. to midnight, the average pip value per minute is still higher than in the Asian market. The optimal range in the euro US dollar is between 8 a.m. and 7 p.m., because there 76% of all candles are above the ATR. From 8 p.m. to midnight, 30% of all candles are above the ATR and from 0 to 8 a.m. only 10% of all candles. From 3 p.m. to 5 p.m., almost 90% of all candles are above the average ATR. For the part-time traders who trade between 5pm and 8pm, there are also good opportunities, as the average pip value per minute is 1.5. This makes it possible to trade profitably in this area as well.

Today we first created your part-time ticket to success. This means that in the future you will be able to trade very successfully even in very difficult market phases, although you can only start at around 4 or 5 p.m. This means that we have first created the basis for successful part-time trading. Next up is the efficiency of your personal strategy. How do you manage to reach your breakeven point as quickly as possible and at the same time instead of € 16,000 in loss only € 160? And how can you invest part of this remaining € 15,840 in such a way that you reach your breakeven point even faster? We will talk about this in great detail next week, otherwise this video would have lasted over 1 hour. The topic will be: efficiency in a part-time job, lose 100 times less . I wish you a very successful week, stay healthy and I look forward to seeing you again.

Inserted Video

Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #1659 ---
M1 breakout candles

Attached Image

Hello dear subscribers,

In my new video (last post) I highlighted the M1 breakout candles in EURUSD, which achieve an above-average ATR. These are exactly the candles that quickly get us into breakeven. This significantly reduces our initial risk, where we are in the red. With this information you can optimize your probability of winning.

At this point, once again a big thank you to all subscribers who support this blog so well. I wish you a great weekend and continued success in retail.

Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #1660 ---
Hi Michael,

here I have made a somewhat simpler statistic (hourly ranges):

--- 帖子 #1661 ---
Hello Georg,

a great idea for a condensed overview. This will surely help many of us who saw my last video. Thank you very much, as always a very professional job.

Kind regards Michael

For all subscribers to this blog:

(I can highly recommend the Swingman blog to you, as you will find very creative ideas of different concepts and excellent auxiliary indicators there. By the way, Swingman is the number 1 of the German high impact members at Forex Factory. Just take a look)

--- 帖子 #1662 ---
Efficiency, losing 100 times less on a part-time basis

Attached Image

Hello dear subscribers,

the new video is online and, as always, you will first receive the English translation. You can find the link from the video at the end of my post.

Today I will show you how a part-time trader who tries to break even, loses only € 160 instead of € 16,000 and has the same learning effect as someone who has lost € 15,480 more. In addition, I will show you exactly how you can reach your breakeven point much more efficiently and at what point it makes sense to recoup your losses. We will also look at real examples from practice. Since this video builds on my previous video, I would like to briefly summarize the most important findings of the last video. In the last video we talked about the truth as a beginner trader. The things that are promised to us by many trading coaches only encourage us to spend money that does not help us in the end. We looked at various examples of the RRR and found that a high number of pips usually cannot be achieved in day-to-day business. For this reason it is important to reduce the trading range. In addition to the RRR, the win rate is also a decisive factor. As a part-time trader, you are only forced to trade at certain times, unfortunately the volatility is often a bit lower there. In order to trade consistently and profitably in these markets too, it is essential to work with a small stop. The EURUSD is particularly suitable here, as you can trade there with an above-average pip value per minute until 9:00 p.m.

In my last video I went into more detail about the pip value per minute. This shows very effectively the ratio of risk and profit and when the optimal exit time is to achieve the lowest risk. Within a month we looked at the candles that had an above-average pip value per minute. These are the small breakout candles that are interesting for us as scalpers in order to achieve high profits within a short time. An evaluation was then made from these findings to show what percentage of the candles achieve an above-average ATR within a certain time. In the end, we found that a part-time trader in EURUSD, can expect an above-average pip value per minute between 5 p.m. and 8 p.m. This also supports him in part-time trading. The ultimate goal of any trader is to break even. Here I would like to pass on my personal experience, which of course has not been scientifically proven. From my point of view, in order to break even, you need either 6000 screen hours with corresponding trades or 6000 trades of course with real money, since from my point of view you don't learn anything with demo accounts.

The special art is not to maximize profits, but to limit your losses. This is simply due to the fact that you always lose at the beginning and possible profits are based only on pure chance. Now let's calculate how a beginner can become successful with my approach. We calculate a spread of 0.5 pip, the stop is 1.5 and the TP is 3 pip. The gross RRR is thus 2. We are trading with 0.01 lot, the initial profit rate is 30% and the expected value is -5 cents. After ten trades we made a loss of € 0.50. This plan is now valid for one year. Now some will think, why one planning losses for a year. The answer is simple because the biggest challenge is breaking even. Only 10% of all traders reach this breakeven point, and those who do that are already among the 10% of the best traders. And that we understand each other correctly, breakeven means that I don't earn anything. Achieving this goal is the greatest challenge in trading, after which it becomes easier. In the second year we calculate with a profit rate of 35% and an expected value of -3 cents per trade. After the third year and a profit rate of 40%, we expect to break even. After a total of 6000 trades, this should be possible. If, contrary to expectations, the profit rate increases faster, you can gradually adjust the number of lots accordingly and thus achieve profitability more quickly. However, this always depends on the individual situation of the individual trader.

And now we are planning the next 7 years. In the first year we start with a 30% win rate. Trading with 0.01 lot, the expected value is -5 cents per trade, I do 8-10 trades per day in order to reach 2000 trades at the end of the year. As crazy as it sounds, we are planning a loss of $ 100 after one year. In the second year we increase our profit ratio, carry out 2000 trades again and plan a loss of € 60. In the third year we increase our profit rate to 40% and after 2000 trades we have reached our breakeven point. In the fourth year we increase the number of lots by ten times the value to 0.1. The expected value is € 0.25 and after 2000 trades we have won € 500. In the fifth year the profit rate is 50%, the number of lots is increased to 0.5 and the expected value is € 2.50. At the end of the year we made € 5000. That's a nice addition to income. We increase the number of lots to 1, with a win rate of 55% we reach € 15,000 in the sixth year. We have now completed 12,000 trades in the same market and are now taking the plunge into full-time employment. With a win rate of 60% with a stake of 3 lots, we achieve an expected value of € 30 per trade and a profit of € 60,000 before tax at the end of the year. Now let's look at the result. We made € 108,000 in profits in the seventh year, Loss of € 48,000, € 20,000 are deductible, so I have to pay tax on € 88,000 profit. Tax is € 23,000, I have € 60,000 in cash, I have € 36,000 left at the end. The effective capital gains tax is 38.7% instead of 26.37%. That means I have to work on my profit quota in the future in order to save taxes more efficiently. All in all, an income of 3000 net per month is a nice sum that can of course be increased gradually. Incidentally, if I carry out the same strategy in the futures market, I will suffer a loss of € 10,000 in the first year because I have to trade at least one lot. In the second year the loss is € 6,000 and in the third year I'm in breakeven there too. Now of course everyone will think that if you make more losses, you would of course have to get more profits in return. However, this is a mistake. If I trade 1 lot in the Forex market, I earn just as much as if I trade one lot in the futures market. Of course, the future data is important in order to make trading decisions from it, which is why I already work with this exchange data on a daily basis.

A friend of mine, worked up into my setup some time ago, which took me about 100 hours. I also recommended him to start trading on a part-time basis, although he has already lost some experience and some € 10,000. After training, I made a plan for him. The initial capital is 3000 €, the leverage is 200, it trades with 0.01 lot, the initial profit ratio is 30%, the spread is 0.5, the stop is 1.5 and the TP is 3. Target in the first year 2000 trades, with an expected value of -5 cents. The risk per trade is 0.01%. I don't think there is any need to discuss that. The expected loss after one year is € 100. And that is exactly the goal after 2000 trades. A few days ago he called me and told me that he had already completed 153 trades in the real money account. I entered the number of trades in my planning and it turned out that he should have reached a loss of € 7.97. He then sent me his trades and I then evaluated them with my program. Not surprisingly, the result was a loss of € 7.93. That means he is absolutely on track, even though he has made losses. What is his goal in three years? He should reach his breakeven point! And now let's take a closer look at his trades. In almost 100 trades he has already shown that he is able to reach this breakeven point. There are still a few outliers that have to do with his previous trading style. This is an over trading, where he has repeatedly placed on short positions, even though the price wanted to continue to rise. Problem recognized Danger averted. On the positive side, it should be mentioned that the profit and loss ratio in the money area is significantly higher than the profit and loss ratio in the area of trades. The gross pip value per minute is also positive and the expected value as well as the profit and loss will improve in the next few months. And now you have to delve a little deeper into the matter: What were the losses and profits in the short trades, which quotas were achieved, where are the deficiencies and what is going well. We look at the same thing in the long trades. And at the end, consider the resulting profits and losses with the respective odds. Then there are a few important secondary aspects to consider that ultimately contribute to the overall result. Incidentally, this table is updated daily in order to draw conclusions from it.

We already know the planning for the first year. In the second year we plan a total loss of € 160 after 4000 trades. The breakeven point should be reached by the third year at the latest and no further loss should be made. As soon as the breakeven point has been reached, the number of lots can be increased individually in order to come into profit. This means that as soon as the equilibrium is reached in the profit and loss area, the lot can be increased. This is not necessary as long as losses are being made. When I want to learn motocross, I usually start with a small machine. As soon as I've mastered this sport, I can switch to a bigger machine at any time. However, as a beginner I wouldn't start out with a big machine. In the end, it is relatively easy to scale, the decisive factor is to break even once. You don't automatically get more profits just because you trade a higher number of lots. And that is the mistake of many beginners. There is another very important aspect: in the Forex market I lost € 160 after 6000 trades. In the future market I would lose 100 times. It doesn't matter if you lose 2.5 cents or € 25 per trade. First, you are just as angry about your losses and second, the learning effect is given in both cases, only that you lose 100 times less.

Instead of losing more money with a higher amount of solder, it is better to invest a few 1000 € in good hardware and software. You can find detailed information about this in these two videos. Hard skills and soft skills are also a decisive factor in reaching the breakeven point more quickly. For this I would look for a mentor who can save you a lot of time in the end. You can find more information in these two videos. In addition to the screen time, the number of trades that should only be carried out in the real money account is of course decisive. Demo accounts make absolutely no sense, as you cannot check your reactions in the event of loss. A trader has to learn to deal confidently with losses, otherwise he will never win. Money management is also a decisive factor in finding out exactly where the source of the error lies. When evaluating the trades you have to proceed precisely in order to draw knowledge from them and to make an adjustment. As you know, I work with a special setup that includes chart technology, fundamental analysis, technical analysis, algorithm analysis and sound analysis. So my setup runs according to the same principle over and over again, although it is of course regularly optimized.

I hope that in today's post I was able to show you that you can also become successful in the long term as a part-time trader. The big advantage is that I don't have to jump into the deep end and can gradually develop into a professional trader without making a big loss at the same time. This is easy on the nerves and is less of a burden on a partnership. I think that if you approach your partner with such a strategy and show him what you are doing there every evening in front of his screen, then the willingness to support should be significantly greater than if you lose a few thousand euros every year. Please consider that 50% of your success depends on your partner. Your partner can support you or slow you down. Communication is the only thing that matters. If you go into business for yourself, the bank also wants you to do some financial planning before giving you any money. If you inform your partner as comprehensively as a bank in the future, the support will improve significantly. And that can have a lasting effect on your success. I keep my fingers crossed for you and I wish you the best of luck so that in the future you will achieve the things that you have set out to do.

Inserted Video

Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #1663 ---
Attached Image

Maximum loss of € 160 as a scalper

Hello dear subscribers,

the new video is online and, as always, you will first receive the English translation. You can find the link from the video at the end of my post.

Today's video is about the most important topic, the breakeven point, which 90% of all traders have not yet reached. I will show you exactly which points you have to pay attention to in order to reach this breakeven point as efficiently and quickly as possible. With my approach and a subsequent strategic analysis, you don't lose more than 160 euros. For this purpose, I will present you practical results from a trading beginner who started trading as a part-time scalper only a few weeks ago. Very interesting findings come to light that can save you a lot of money in the future. I know countless traders who have lost many thousands of euros in trading. As a part-time trader, they often use strategies that are only suitable for day traders. We have already noticed that a part-time trader can only be active as a swing trader or scalper due to the time.

The breakeven point is the most important factor as only 10% of all traders reach it. This breakeven point can be reached within 6000 hours or 6000 trades with certain conditions. Since a trader only loses at the beginning from the perspective of probability, he should first concentrate on limiting losses. He achieves this with a small number of lot and small stops. Once he has reached his breakeven point, he can focus on maximizing his profits by scaling. In practice, it usually works the other way around. A mathematical law also helps us with this. The law of large numbers is a limit theorem from probability that helps us in trading. In the simplest case, it describes that the relative frequency of a random event approaches the theoretical probability of this event if the random experiment is only carried out often enough. This means that we can use the sample mean to estimate the expected value of random variables well. The following applies: the larger the sample size, the more precise our expected value becomes. A large sample is therefore an important requirement so that you can make reliable estimates about your future expected value. And now I'll show you how we can increase the number of our trades.

Here we see an M1 chart in EURUSD with different zigzag lines within 80 minutes. A day trader, indicated by the red line, can trade two movements during this time. A minute scalper can do 16 movements and a seconds scalper can do 34 movements. What is the difference between a minute and a seconds scalper? The seconds scalper can also be in the market for a few minutes, but usually ends its trades earlier than the minute scalper. This means that in this example, a day trader has an entry opportunity every 40 minutes on average, the minute scalper every five minutes and the seconds scalper after 2.5 minutes, which results in the seconds scalper 48 chances within 2 hours and even 96 entry chances in 4 hours. As a rule, however, he will not use this completely. Now let's take a look at how long it takes a beginner to break even. A day trader has 4 hours a day, trades 250 days a year, carries out four trades per day, that's 1000 per year. That would take him 6 years and 6000 hours to break even. If he doubled the number of trades per day, he would cut the time in half. A minute scalper who trades 2 hours a day on 200 days creates 1500 trades per year and is already at breakeven after 4 years with 1600 hours of experience. With twice the number of trades, he already achieved the goal after two years. The reason why a scalper can break even after 1600 hours is simply the experience of the many different trades. The seconds scalper comes to the same result here, but is able to significantly increase the number of trades again and thus shorten the time to one year. We will see in practice later whether this number of trades is actually possible.

In order to break even within a year, a few prerequisites are necessary. First, the spread should be cheap, the stop is 1.5 pip and the TP is 3 pip. We trade with the smallest lot size and that is only possible in the Forex market. In addition, for our trading decisions we need real stock exchange data, a special screen structure, a high-quality workstation and stock exchange software that is specially filtered and tailored to seconds scalping. There is also a clear strategy. In the area of technical analysis, I work exclusively with limit orders, my self-developed bionic candle supports me in chart technology, the strength of market and limit orders support me in algorithm analysis, the currency strength of the euro or dollar give me important fundamental data and my special sound analysis helps me get in and out. In practice it sounds like this. By the way, in the end the complicated thing is not reading out the charts, but programming the filter settings.

In my last video, I already described the seven phases to success, with the aim of achieving the main occupation in phase 7 and earning a net income of € 3000 per month from it. Today we're going to look at exactly those three phases to break even. In the first phase we calculate a loss for the first 2000 trades with an expected value of -5 cents per trade. In the second phase the expected value is -3 cents per trade and in the third phase we want to break even. Let's take a closer look at this process. In phase 1A we calculate the first 666 trades with an expected value of -7 cents per trade. In phase 1B we calculate 668 trades with -5 cents per trade and in phase 1C we expect 666 trades with -3 cents per trade. So the result after 2000 trades is a loss of € 100. Phase 2A has an expected value of -5 cents. Why is it higher than in phase 1C? The beginner should have the chance to achieve his goals without having too much pressure. Phase 2B at -3 cents and phase 2C at -1 cents. The result after the completed phase 2 is a loss of € 60. The total loss is € 160. The last phase 3 begins with an expected value of -3 cents, after which we reach the breakeven point and at the end even get a little profit. However, the overall result is zero because we had to make up for the previous loss. Then we can deal with scaling and profit maximization.

The big question is: how do we get to the breakeven point as quickly as possible? The answer is: with clear, traceable controls. Here you can see already known control factors that show you your current status in trading. I have added ten important points to this that I have developed for myself over the years. We'll go into that in a moment. In my last video I reported that in over 100 hours I shared my strategy with a good friend. He now has the same elaborate technology and equipment as me. However, he does not yet have the same experience as he is still an absolute beginner in scalping. In 15 trading days he has now completed 705 trades, during which he had also a week of vacation. From his point of view, as a part-time trader,  in the evening from 4:00 p.m. to 8:00 p.m. are 30 trades possible. Now let's take a closer look at his result of the 705 trades. On the short side, he traded 4.19 lots, of which he lost 2.97 lots. 423 short trades were completed, positive is, the profit trades reached more pip. The gross pip value was 3.21 with the net pip value at the losses being higher. On average he was 4.3 minutes per trade in the market, positive the winning trades ran longer than the losing trades. The CRV is 1.49 and the pip per minute ratio is 0.43 these values should be closer together. The profit quota is within the agreed framework. With a CRV of 1, the win rate would be as much as 44.2%. The expected value is -4 cents and the loss per minute is -1 cent. He lost € 48 in the short trades and won € 30. The total result for the short area is € -17.98. He traded less long than short. It was also significantly longer in the long trades, even though he had a smaller pip values per minute. The CRV is similar, but the pip per minute ratio is significantly better. The profit ratio in the long segment was also significantly higher, which in this case resulted in a significantly better expected value. The loss was also significantly lower here. Normally everyone would now say that they should concentrate more on the long area, but as you can see there is much higher potential in the short area. In the past he was a typical long trader in the DAX and S&P, so the shorts are a big challenge at first.

Here we look at all the losers with the winners. With 6.3 minutes per trade, he has been in the market for far too long, the profit rate is better than agreed, as is the expected value. He lost € 21.70 but in which area can you gain experience and complete 705 trades with so little loss? In this comparison chart you can see that he is still a bit long oriented. Overall he won 59 € lost 80 € the result is 21 €. A loss of € 49 was planned, but it has reached € 22. He did very well for the first goal. Without broker costs, he would even be € 13.70. That shows that he is on the right track. Since this value is below 100%, this shows that the broker has earned more than he himself. In total, the broker has earned € 35.40. Now some will say, I knew it, as a scalper you pay an infinite number of broker fees. Let's take a closer look at whether that's really the case. I have an old evaluation here where I traded 80 trades in two days with one lot each. My result was € 888, the broker earned € 415. Now everyone would say the broker earns half of what you earn. First you have to know that I will get a small discount of 25%, that's € 103.75. This increases my profit to € 992. In this case, the broker would earn 26%, but the point of view is not yet entirely correct. My profit totaled € 1186.31 and the broker gave me an additional € 103.75 discount. With that I earned a total of € 1290.06. The broker is not responsible for the loss I caused by my wrong decisions. The broker receives € 311, so the effective share of the broker is 19%. From my point of view, that's ok. Of course, a day trader pays less fees because he of course also trades significantly less. But we know the higher the number of trades, the more experience we get and the faster we reach our breakeven point. And in the scalping area this is much faster than in day trading. The question in the end is do we want to cut fees or reach our profit zone faster?

Let us now return to the evaluation of the scalping beginner. The minus return is 0.72%. All in all, we expect a total loss of 5% after 6,000 trades and the risk per trade is 0.01%. This is a peak value, with so less money, that is only possible in the Forex market. He traded a total of 7.1 lots and eight trades were in breakeven. He clearly exceeded the target value of 100 with 228%, since the expected value was originally -7 cents. He invested one euro to earn 73 cents. This is absolutely great to start with. In addition, we can see some graphics that help us with the further evaluation. Of course, all executed trades are shown again individually. We see the entry time and on the left how long it took for the next trade to be completed. 297 short trades were lost, each short trade lasted an average of 2.5 minutes and here we see how many seconds it was in the trade. Here are the data for the short winners, long losers, and long winners. The respective profit and loss, as well as the cumulative value. With this view, the individual trades can be analyzed excellently.

Let us first consider the graphical evaluation of the loss trades. It is noticeable that the loss series get smaller at the end. It is also noticeable that the profits are getting bigger and bigger, although the breakeven point is the first goal. With 705 trades, my friend has only covered 12% of the way to reach his breakeven point. With this table you can of course display countless evaluations in order to get to the bottom of the individual problems. But that would go beyond the scope of today. However, I would like to show you one little thing that ultimately changes the result decisively. A stop of two pips, including the spread, was agreed, which in the end results in a loss of 17-20 cents per lost trade. You can see that at the beginning the stop was was enlarged and then, which became more and more dramatic in the end. Incidentally, only 1% of the stops that were made were successful, so you should generally avoid them. Now I've just made a new calculation of what it would look like if my friend hadn't enlarged his stops. Let's take a look at the result now. Here we see the graphic representation where the stops have been drawn and below what it would have looked like if the stop had been adhered to. Instead of a loss of € 21.70, the loss would only be € 12.45. That's a 43% difference. The CRV would improve from 1.48 to 1.67, which is over 13%. This would also improve efficiency by 13%. The decisive point, however, lies in the expected value, which would improve from -3 cents to -2 cents, that is a huge 33%. Perhaps you remember this table, an expected value of -7 cents was planned for the first 666 trades. Without following the stop, he would already have been -2 cents and would have achieved an even better result. This is a target value that he should only reach after 3,500 trades. Based on the graphics you can see that it is usually not worth enlarged the stop.

There are 1000 ways to achieve the goal. It is important that you know exactly where the individual sources of error lie, because only then can you do something about it. This means that with strategic money management there is a clear strategy to achieve the goal in a relaxed manner. Because we should note: If you make a mistake and don't correct it, you commit another mistake. As it stands now, my friend will reach his personal breakeven point by the end of the year and that within six months. His maximum loss will be € 160. In the next year we will then take care of maximizing profits and gradually increase the number of lots from 0.1 to five lots. He would then be able to generate some € 10,000 in pre-tax income in the next year. Even if it were only half of it or, in the worst case, no profit at all, he would have achieved one goal in any case: his breakeven point. And that would make him one of the 10% of the best traders in the world after just one year. And I think that's a nice goal to get up motivated every morning. I hope that I was able to show you how important it is to analyze your trades in depth in order to draw insights for the next trading day. Only those who are aware that they have lost their way can change the path in order to achieve the goal. I will keep my fingers crossed for you that you will also achieve your goal and if the information helps you, I will be happy if you recommend this channel to others.

Inserted Video

I wish you all the best in the future, best regards Michael.

--- 帖子 #1664 ---
Hi Bionics why do you keep posting these blank posts?

--- 帖子 #1665 ---
Hello Wags, we finally found out  it was my grandson who made fun of me again and again. I thought I was crazy or someone hacked my account. I have also changed my password a few times. He no longer gets the cell phone to supposedly listen to music. This should close the case. I apologize for the inconvenience and thank you very much for the message. Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #1666 ---
Lol Kids

--- 帖子 #1667 ---
Hello Wags, you are right. The bad thing is, I can't even be mad at my grandson. I gave him my cell phone voluntarily, he didn't hack any passwords, he was very creative and didn't cause any harm. Maybe he should study computer science later I wish you a successful trading week. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1668 ---
Hi Michael

Yes i also have my grandson with me at the moment, he is lovely but does not stop talking lol (A sign of intelligence), but is very distracting

We are currently isolating as covid delta is rife in our area, my grandson has it with no symptoms at all, my eldest grandaughter is negative, New grandaughter 3 months old is positive with very mild symptoms, my wife negative, eldest daughter 28 years old is positive (mother of my grandchildren) and is having medium symptoms, my youngest daughter 23 years old is positive mild symptoms

I am enjoying your thread so far btw and will keep popping back to finish reading it as i am also reading another very large thread, both threads compliment eachother i feel

How are your trading results?

Paul

--- 帖子 #1669 ---
Hello Paul,

I'm very sorry to hear that. I sincerely hope that your family will be fine as soon as possible. I'll keep my fingers crossed for you for that. Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #1670 ---
Thanks for the kind words michael

--- 帖子 #1671 ---
Again for all the stragglers who came later in this blog

Inserted Video

--- 帖子 #1672 ---
New outbreak in 3 hours?

Attached Image

Hello dear traders,

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Do you still remember June 16, 2021? There the big players had already collected bids in the euro US dollar days in advance. And at around 8:00 p.m. with the meeting of the FED they pushed the price down by 150 pips.

There is also a video where I pointed out a possible downward outbreak beforehand.

Inserted Video

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In the last few days, I have noticed that there are similar processes in the euro US dollar.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

For several days now, bids have been collected again and it seems that the same process could be repeated again.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

From my point of view, the goal is to cut long-term long traders in their profits or even to stop them. As the first possible zone I see the area 1.162 and possibly we will also come into the 1.15 area.

Of course, I cannot say with certainty whether this will actually happen in 3 hours, but it is conceivable that the big players will do the same thing again. The last time there was no stop run in the opposite direction, that could possibly be different today. I'm very curious what happens later. By the way, tomorrow morning from 8:30 a.m. my new video will appear on the subject of demo accounts, foreign money accounts or real money accounts. It will be very exciting because it is about our emotions.

I wish you continued success in trading.

Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #1673 ---
Trading with debt capital, demo or real money?

Attached Image

Hello dear subscribers,

the new video is online and, as always, you will first receive the English translation. You can find the link from the video at the end of my post.

Today we're making a big movie , because we will compare the differences between debt capital, demo and real money trading. We look at the extent to which demo trading is helpful and also talk about the different emotions that we encounter every day in trading. We will also look at how we can optimally train these emotions in the future. In the overall result, you will at the end see a clear procedure with which you will have your emotions under control in the future. The choice is yours, you can choose to trade, where your chances of success are around 10%. Or you opt for self-employment where the chances of success are 5 times higher, at around 50%. Are you aware of these probabilities and still want to decide to trade? Okay, then we should ask ourselves a few questions first.

Why do you want to trade, who are you doing it for, in what time should it happen, what is your goal, how do you do it and who will help you? Let's start with the first question: why do you want to learn to trade? There are of course many answers to this question. Freedom, for example, can be one of them. Who are you doing this for For your family, for you, for the future. In what time do you want to reach your goal? Preferably as soon as possible, a realistic point in time would be in four years for a part-time job. What is your goal in trading? Of course the independence, as if we hadn't suspected it. The question is how do you do it? The answer: of course, this is only possible with a clear strategy and support. At the end: who will help you? It is best to have a reliable mentor who may even accompany you for many years. Take a look at my two videos. The first:

Inserted Video

Analysis, what do you need a trading coach for? The second video:

Inserted Video

You should do without these trading coaches and this is how you will find a suitable mentor

In these posts you will get a lot of ideas on how you can possibly find your optimal mentor in trading in the future.

There are basically three different approaches to learning to trade. Firstly you trade with debt capital, secondly you trade in the demo account or thirdly you trade with your own money. Let us first analyze the debt capital. Again, we should ask ourselves a few questions. Why, for whom, in what time, what is the goal, how do you do it, who will help you? Let us first start with the question why would someone want to trade with debt capital? Well either he has no money or he doesn't want to lose his hard earned money. First of all, neither answer exactly suggests that the trader is a professional. Would you give money to a trader who doesn't have one himself or who is unwilling to risk his own money? Now the external lenders have already asked themselves the question and for this very reason an applicant must first qualify for such a loan account. There are different models for this that I do not want to go into in detail today.

In most cases, such a qualification initially costs a few € 1,000 in fees. When you've got the qualification and training, you end up being an order taker. You are only allowed to trade in certain markets at certain times, you will receive clear instructions about your stop size and your maximum drowdown. When you trade you pay monthly fees for the software and the equipment as well as you also pay the spread that you cause by your trade. Of course, the spread is often cheaper, but many ask themselves why they should pay the spread, even though the lender initially withholds over half of the winnings. Now the thing is very clear, you are nothing more than a freelance commercial agent and you should urgently be careful in this constellation that you do not get into the area of bogus self-employment. In what time will you be successful, well that's in the stars, because of course nobody in trading can tell you that. What is the goal? Your goal is clear, you would like to become successful without investing your own capital.

The lender of course also wants to be successful and expects you to give him half of your profit at the beginning and pay monthly for the software and your spread. How do you manage to achieve this? Probably with a lot of money and time. Who will help you with this? Now, of course, the external lender will support you wherever he can, but please do not believe that he will do everything possible to make you successful. Because whether you make it or not is not relevant for the external financier. Why is that? Of course, the external financier has a large number of applicants and prospective traders who are in training. With 100 applicants who each pay € 3,000, that's already an impressive sum of € 300,000. The bad applicants are selected from and, of course, only the best remain in the end. That means the external financier has to sort out the class from the crowd. By the way, if you haven't made it in the end, you can usually not do much with the information you have been taught, since every debt capital lender has his own system that you of course cannot take with you in the end. Most third-party funder systems are a type of franchise, with the emphasis on the second syllable. (In Germany the 2nd syllable has a meaning that would be comparable to the word crap or sh..)

Let's move on to the next challenge, trading in a demo account. First of all, trading in the demo account is a kind of trading in the matrix, i.e. in an unreal environment. Why is this unreal? Well, because you are investing money in a virtual market to which the market ultimately cannot react. Perhaps you've already played with a flight simulator on your computer and actually managed to take off or land an Airbus. Of course, there have been countless attempts to find out whether a passenger could land an airplane in an emergency. That actually went well a few times in the flight simulator. But imagine now that the pilots would have failed on a real flight and you would now have to land a real airplane as a layman. What we must not forget are our emotions and it is precisely these that ultimately ensure that the aircraft does not hit the ground in one piece. It is similar with a real money account in contrast to a demo account. Trading in a demo account affects us more peripherally, because in the end we actually have nothing to lose. Our emotions are not as pronounced as in real money trading.

What I find particularly dangerous about demo accounts is the data that is made available to us by the various brokers. These differ considerably from reality. Here you can see my Bionic candle in a demo account. I used the Bionic candle because you can see the deviations here immediately. There are 23 yellow candles, 17 blue candles and 16 dojis in the M1 chart. And now let's take a look at the real money account with the same broker. All of a sudden there are 31 yellow candles, 21 blue candles and 13 dojis. First of all, this clearly proves that there are different price positions. How am I supposed to learn to trade correctly with wrong price positions? Let's take a closer look at the discrepancy. You see that there are clear differences that, at times, can have great implications. This is not noticeable with the normal candles, but with my Bionic candle you can see the difference immediately. Of course, I also compared the exchange rate data between the demo and the real money account and found a discrepancy of over 22%. That would be a reason for me not to trade with a demo account.

In many of my videos, I have already explicitly shown the effort the big players put in to strategically stop scalpers, day traders and swing traders. The market is regularly pushed up and down in zigzag lines and analyzed which stops are triggered. I will go into this in more detail in one of my next posts. Now imagine that someone is trading with 50 lots in a demo account and is amazed at the end that he has even won several € 1,000. This scenario is so unrealistic, I would like to prove to you why that is so. Imagine that you are trading in the five largest currency pair in the world, the US dollar and the Canadian dollar. You now invest a real 50 lot in this currency pair. In the forex US dollar Canadian dollar, 3.3 million lots are traded every day, that is 2000 lots per minute. If you invest five lots, that corresponds to a minute share of 0.3%. This is already noticeable in the forex market. To fly under the radar you should be 0.1% or less. With 50 Lot the big players have you on their screen immediately, and you can guess three times who will be stopped next? With such a lot size one naturally has to think about other order types than the market order. In the futures market, 330,000 Canadian dollar lots are traded per day, which is 200 lots per minute. If you trade with five lots they already have you on the screen and with 50 lots you are even trading 25% of the total minute turnover. It's a bit like the mouse trying to sneak past the sleeping cat with a loud radio. We already know now, that the demo data differ considerably from the data of the real money accounts in the Forex market.

It is alarming that the future data is also incorrect. Now many will be surprised and say: Why? The data come from the stock exchange and since there is only one exchange, the data must also be correct. Unfortunately, this is not the case. There are different data feed providers that are in turn sold by different brokers. Take a data feed from CTS and compare it with Rhythic. We use a footprint chart for each. As a result, you will find that these two footprint charts show different numbers, even though you are looking at the same unit of time. The high-frequency traders and big players use data feeds that are updated ten times per second. These special data feeds cost approximately $ 120,000 per month. Look, a lot of us use data feeds that cost between $ 10-30 a month. We cannot seriously assume that these data feeds are actually 100% correct. From my point of view, these are data feeds that have already been cleaned up by the high-frequency traders. Despite the not entirely correct data, I still found a solution that was optimal for me. I compared many different forex and future brokers in the euro US dollar and selected exactly those where the price developments were most consistent with each other.

Here we see two tick charts in EURUSD, on the left in the futures market and on the right in the forex market. Of course, we have to note that these are two different markets, but the price movements are almost tickly accurate. By the way, with this representation you can also check exactly whether the forex broker is transmitting exact data. I trade in the forex market and make my decisions based on the stock market data. Since I have compared the forex with the future data, it doesn't really matter to me whether the data is correct or not. It is only important that my data behave parallel to each other. With that I created my own virtual market. There is another important aspect that we must not neglect. From my point of view there are four different types of traders. First of all, there is the pragmatic trader who owes his success or failure to his extravert, speculative thinking. The experimental trader builds on extraverted, intuitive feeling. The reflective trader wins through introverted, sensitive feeling, while the introverted empirical thinking helps the synthetic trader. Each of these four different personalities uses different approaches to achieve the goal. There are scalpers, day traders and swing traders who each pursue different approaches. The pragmatic trader naturally has his greatest advantages in the pragmatic area. For example, he is demanding, determined, strong-willed, goal-oriented and fact-oriented. However, this also means that there can be individual weaknesses in the synthetic, reflective and experimental areas. Only those who know their own strengths and weaknesses can respond individually and thus behave in a success-oriented manner. This is especially true on the stock exchange. I will go into this topic again in a separate video.

Let's now look at the harsh reality, i.e. trading with real money on the stock exchange. Basically, we have already established that we can only bring out our hidden emotions through extreme situations on the stock market. And it is precisely these hidden emotions that we have to train over and over again in order to be able to control them in the long term. And that only works through extreme gains or losses. On this subject I strongly recommend you to watch my last four videos:

Inserted Video

First: Why 90% of all traders lose in the long run.

Inserted Video

Second: Part-time to become a successful trader.

Inserted Video

Third: 100 times fewer losses as a part-time jobber.

Inserted Video

And fourth: A maximum of € 160 loss when scalping.

Incidentally, these videos build on each other. So we know that you can train your emotions just like a muscle. The question now arises as to how we are able to train our emotions regularly and to condition them accordingly. And this conditioning is ultimately the decisive success factor. There's no point in going to the gym and exercising your muscles regularly if you don't know anything about conditioning.

In my last videos we already talked about it in detail, We start with 0.01 lot, a win rate of 30% and an expected value of -5 cents. This inevitably means that we lose 1400 times in every 2000 trades. In the second phase we continue to trade with 0.01 lots, a profit rate of 35% and an expected value of -3 cents. For every 2000 trades we will lose 1300 times. In the final phase, we achieve a 40% win rate and break even. Out of 2000 trades we will lose 1200 times. This means that with my approach you will lose almost 4000 times. This gives you 4000 times the opportunity to condition your hidden emotions accordingly. Let's take a look at some hidden emotions.

Many traders have the uncomfortable habit of selling too early just to finally take a profit in addition to the previous loss cycle. For fear of losses, very promising trades are not even entered into. Under certain circumstances, it happens that a real series of losses awaits the trader. If you go long the market goes short, if you go short the market goes long immediately. The question is how to deal with this situation. The market is going in your direction and developing well, your TP would have been reached a long time ago, but you always want more. Suddenly there is a strong countermovement, you are just about to break even or even suffer a loss. After you have been stopped countless times, you now do without your stop and achieve very large losses in the process. In certain situations you are unfocused or careless and thereby fail to achieve your goals. The market is moving down and you get in a few times to trade the reversal or pullback up. You will be stopped every time. Like an offended child, you keep pushing the buy button to recoup your losses andyou keep losing again ans again. It gets really bad if you even increase your position. It gets very dramatic if you regularly enlarge your stops. We talked about this point in great detail in my last video. If you don't stick to your own strategy, why did you even impose rules on yourself? With this approach we can put our emotions to the test 4000 times. This is a huge opportunity that will pay off in the long term.

Even if your trading plan is very structured, extreme emotions will screw up all of your odds. In such a phase we let our fear-driven survival strategies coduct. Then come up with statements like: I'll show the market, or this time I won't let myself be stopped. It is really bad if you want to clean up losses immediately. In our life we have been taught that we must correct a mistake immediately. In trading, however, it is exactly the other way around. There you have to wait and see. If we make a mistake in trading, then of course we have lost money. But it must be clear to us that we can only correct this mistake once we have found a new entry opportunity. And that can sometimes take a while. Many traders are also afraid of missing out if a price goes up or down sharply. With my approach, I have a new chance every two and a half minutes, so I'm never afraid of missing out. We just have to be aware that in the beginning we only lose. That is why we focus on limiting losses and working with very small positions. With a clear strategy we only lose a maximum of € 160 after 6000 trades. You can find information about this in my previous videos. After these 6000 trades we finally reach our breakeven point and can then shift our priorities towards profit maximization. With a clever scaling, we manage to build up an interesting profit within a short time. The nice thing about our initial losses, which we kept as small as possible. They are not noticeable in the end. And why? Because at the beginning we trade with a low lot, because we know that we will only lose. If we have our emotions under control, we can turn our position size up at any time and compensate for the small initial losses very quickly. The main reason a beginner loses so much is primarily because of his or her emotions. In principle, one day you have to be able to trade on a large real money account as if it were ultimately a demo account.

Conclusion:

So our goal is to do our trading with as few emotions as possible and to accept losses as the most normal in the world. You can do this by writing down your trading setup, avoiding over-trading and taking small breaks from time to time. Unfortunately, we humans are not suited to holding our own mirror in front of our faces. And for this very reason I recommend you to find a suitable mentor, by the way, this is not a trading coach who only offers you mass-produced goods. With a demo account you will not reach your goal in the long term and if you watch my last videos you will see that even with a real money account you don't have to lose a lot to reach your breakeven point. Of course, you need an appropriate setup for this, a mentor who is not after your money and who accompanies you for a few years.

Inserted Video

Here is my new video:

I keep my fingers crossed that you will make the right decisions in the future and I wish you every success.

Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #1674 ---
Hello dear subscribers, I would like to take this opportunity to thank everyone who regularly supports this blog and thus helps everyone. Thank you for that, I will continue to try to provide interesting topics for you. I wish you all a nice weekend and good luck for next week. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1675 ---
Hello dear subscribers, on the next page you will find the new contribution to the new video. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1676 ---
Read charts correctly

Attached Image

Hello dear subscribers,

the new video is online and, as always, you will first receive the English translation. You can find the link from the video at the end of my post.

Many traders spend their lives searching for the holy grail. You dream of recognizing every turning point in advance as possible in order to earn a lot of money with it. In today's post we talk about how a trader is able to read the charts correctly over the long term. An important topic here are the price gaps that we encounter again and again in the chart. With the stock market wisdom that 90% of all price gaps are closed again, traders often get involved in daring trade executions. In today's post we look at the largest gap in EURUSD that has emerged in the last ten years and how traders have reacted to it. At the end we look at an outbreak and how you can clearly identify it beforehand.

In the last 30 years a total of six large price gaps of more than 180 pips have arisen, the last big price gap was in April 2017. Here we see the chart image in the daily chart before the price gap upwards arose. From the trader's point of view, the price was in a downward movement. If we zoom in closer, we notice an extreme downward course, that was the result of the election night between Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump. Many traders have drawn a resistance zone there and when the price got into the zone it was turned down again. The further trend looked just as bearish at first glance. We all know only too well what happened after that. Between April 21 and April 24, 2017, there was a gap of 180 pips. On April 21, the price closed at 1.07220 and opened at around 1.09 on April 24 at 12:00 AM. This means that the market orders were placed on April 21, 2017 shortly before the close. Had that not been the case, the price would have opened at 1.07220 on April 24 and would then have risen sharply. As we know, however, there was a gap in the course. This means that on April 21, shortly before the close, a large number of market buy orders came into the market and at the same time the liquidity of the limit sell orders was very low.

Since the exchange stopped and the market orders were already in the market, the resulting strong upward movement could no longer be executed. If the market had been open for 1 minute longer, the situation would have been as follows. In principle, this price gap can thus be described as a large, strong candle that was triggered by low liquidity in the area of limit orders and, at the same time, a high volume in the area of market orders. After the price gap arose in April 2017, the price went up to 1.255. In total, it took almost three years until the gap was finally closed again. Whether in the end the gap was actually responsible for the fact that the price went down over two and a half years to close it is pure speculation.

What is interesting, however, is the way in which this gap was closed and we will now take a closer look at that. Before the gap was closed completely, the price had already entered the gap twice. We first consider the situation with the yellow arrow. In the second contact phase, I once drew in the Pip values in 4 hours in the H4. You can find some videos about the pip value per minute on my channel. The findings from the yellow square are the most interesting, so let's take a closer look. The higher the value in 4 hours, the stronger the movement up or down. As we can see, the course is in equilibrium here. The big players recognize from this how many long and short traders are in the market at the time. When a price is pushed up, the short traders are stopped and at the same time, with their triggered stops, help drive the market up. When the big players pushed the price up to 438, it was clear that there was a massive number of short traders in the market. Now the market has been pushed down again to motivate more short traders and to stop the long traders. After that, the market slowly went up. Let's look at the situation again with my specially filtered limit orders.

We can see that massive bids were collected in the limit sell orders from February 13th to 17th. From my point of view, the big players actually planned to close the Gap. We also note that on February 18th and 19th, bids continued to be collected even at the low price. On February 20th, the big players realized that the majority of traders had taken a short position because they all expected that the gap would now be closed. The big players take advantage of the situation and now again sold their short position to the willing short traders. Then on February 21st, you push the price up sharply with the help of the short trader's stops. At the high they started collecting ask and after that the price went up a total of 700 pips.

Now the question arises why the course went beyond the gap. To answer this question we have to go back to April 2017 to find the corresponding key candle. We zoom in a little, stay in the daily chart and notice three blue candles that signal a strong downward movement. We draw a zone in this strong downward movement and see which candle breaks through this zone. This is exactly our key candle that will help us plan the next long trade at a later date. Of course you can refine the zone up to the M1 a bit. You can also find information about this on my channel.

We do the same for the second blue candle. We identify the key candle and draw the appropriate zone. Now we come to the third and decisive zone. Interestingly, this key candle was actually the strongest. We now draw this zone and now go into the future. The course went up to 1.25 and then took two and a half years to get exactly into the zone. After that, the price went up from 1.07 to 1.23. Perhaps that should also be a good reason for you in the future to take a closer look at the key candles.

Half a year later the election was in America. On the morning of November 4th, 2020, I carried out a detailed analysis of the election night and published the following post on my blog at Forex Factory. An exciting election night is behind us and at this point in time the winner has not yet been determined. If you compare the price development in November 2016 with the price development last night, from the trader's point of view it looks as if Biden could win the election. We will see which candidate the voters have chosen. In addition to the exciting question of who will win the election, the course in the euro US dollar was much more decisive for me. All in all, it took a few weeks, until it was actually clear that Biden had won the election so easily. Interestingly, the market already knew that beforehand.

Finally, let's take a look at the outbreak on Wednesday July 28th. First turn your attention to the existing limit orders. There were around 600 limit buy and 600 limit sell orders in the DoM. The big players had collected massive requests in advance and you could see from the stops that the majority of traders were long-oriented. In this respect, the Fed conference was a good opportunity to get these unpleasant long traders out of the market. I also initially expected a somewhat stronger short movement. We look again at the limit orders, which are now around 400 lots on each side. The big players are currently massively withdrawing their limit orders, which speaks for a future breakout. In the middle you can see a bigger box. On the left side we see the strength of the limit buy orders, on the right side the strength of the limit sell orders. And now pay close attention to how suddenly the strength of the limit orders diminishes massively. That's exactly when the outbreak begins. We know exactly that when there is no liquidity in the market, few market orders are able to move the price massively. The big players have used this downward breakout to collect additional Ask at a lower price level. After that, the price was pushed up again and continued to move up over the next few days.

With the help of this information, it is often possible to precisely identify the turning point, even in the smallest units of time. However, you have to be prepared to invest in the appropriate technology and training. In my videos you will find many examples that may motivate you to study the algorithms in more detail in the future. In the next few weeks I have some projects on the program where we will penetrate the market even deeper with very professional programmers. I'll go into that in more detail in my next videos.

Inserted Video

First of all, I wish you a nice weekend and continued success in retail.

Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #1677 ---
Vanities versus constructive feedback

Hello Paul,

First of all, thank you very much for your feedback and the effort you made. You are right, the title could have been called differently, but since the gaps are part of the chart technique, I decided on the corresponding title. You can get annoyed about a little thing now, or use the other good tips to get forward with it. The information that I share on Youtube and FF is voluntary and free of charge. Remember, there is no right of exchange for a free gift.

Based on what you write about the gaps, you can tell that you haven't really dealt with them yet. From my point of view, that could help you in the long term.

If you had read my entire blog from start to finish, you would know that I started this blog for myself as a trader's diary and not to teach others how to trade. There are trading coaches and blogs who specialize in finding students to earn money with. My boring statistics help me to understand many previously unknown things in depth. And that is exactly what is important to me for my personal development. Many of my subscribers see it the same way.

What annoys me about your words. You write people want to know how to make money and not how a gap was filled. What amazes me is that, despite my boring statistics, over 260 great traders and people follow me on this blog. You also have a blog that's even older than mine. Why don't you put the things you recommend to me first into your blog? That doesn't fit into the picture for me.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

By the way, precisely the attitude: “Trading has to be easy” it is the reason, why so many traders lose. Anyone who takes a closer look at the algorithms of the big players knows that the market is highly complex. Incidentally, I have repeatedly written in my blog that I am not so arrogant to believe that I am always right. The information that I provide here for free is a buffet, everyone takes what they want. If a trader can't find anything in my voluntarily provided buffet, there are many more great buffets at FF. But I don't want to waste time with unnecessary discussions about which trader is right or not. I have been living in this business for over 12 years, but only because I am involved in this job 12-14 hours a day.

Here is an article on constructive feedback that I think might help you.

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...8#post13519708

Since I have the feeling that my posts annoy you more than they help you, I would like to help you avoid having to read this blog in the future. This will allow you to concentrate more on your own blog and making money in the future.

I wish you from the bottom of my heart that your family will soon be healthy again and for you personally that you will achieve your goals in the future.

Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #1678 ---
The SWOT analysis

Attached Image

Hello dear subscribers

In today's post, we're starting a new series of interesting information that so far many traders have neglected. The background: We traders often focus on systems, setups, algorithms or strategies without thinking about ourselves first. Success is often so close to us, but we don't see the forest for the trees. That is why we doggedly concentrate on things that actually do not get us any further. Not the volume or a new indicator ensure our breakthrough, but only the knowledge about ourselves. So we are daily in search of the holy grail, without knowing that it is right in front of our noses. In the frenzy of defeating the market, we forget the crucial point, who we are ourselves. Our success lies between our two ears, deep in our brains. And it is precisely this brain that we pay too little attention to and we forget to analyze ourselves in the process.

On YouTube we find a lot of information in the area of trading opportunities. This includes indicators, strategies, setups, certain procedures and equally interesting ways of thinking. In addition, we find numerous descriptions on the market of how we can minimize our risk with the help of money management or different strategies. In order to increase our chances and at the same time reduce our risk, we sometimes have to pay a lot of money if we take the help of some self-appointed coaches. What is often forgotten are the individual strengths that every trader brings and of course the associated weaknesses. First of all, let's refer to the opportunities and risks that we encounter in the market as hardware. In this case, our strengths and weaknesses are the software. I believe that it is clear to everyone that the best computer in the world is of no use to them if the corresponding software that they use does not run on this computer.

How do I want to take advantage of opportunities when I am not at all clear about my strengths and how should I avoid risks in the future if I am not aware of my weaknesses. In order to be successful as an entrepreneur, I first need a so-called SWOT analysis. This SWOT analysis is about the consideration of strengths and weaknesses as well as opportunities and risks of a company. With this analysis, the current state of a company can be recorded in order to initiate suitable strategic optimization measures.

With the internal analysis, the actual condition of the trader is described by first listing and analyzing the strengths and weaknesses. With the external analysis, the actual state of the stock market is determined, in which the possible opportunities and risks are listed and evaluated. The external analysis is also known as an environment analysis or market analysis. The first goal is now to expand the market opportunities with the help of my strengths. Which of my strengths are suitable for this and which are not? How can my strengths increase the chances of realization? The second goal is now to reduce my weaknesses so that my market opportunities do not deteriorate in the future. For example, how can weaknesses develop into strengths or where can opportunities arise from weaknesses? The third goal is: which risks can I counter with which strengths and how can I use my strengths to prevent certain risks. Finally, we ask ourselves the question: where do weaknesses meet risks and which activities should be avoided?

First of all, we know that most traders are aware of the opportunities and risks in the market. But very few actually know their internal strengths and weaknesses. Now comes the crucial question: how do I want to be able to take advantage of specific opportunities and risks if I am not clear about my own strengths and weaknesses? It's just as crazy as the phrase how should I know what I'm thinking before I hear what I'm saying? I know where I want to go, but I don't know what measures to take to get there. That means, until I do not really know what strengths and weaknesses I myself have, I am not able to react accordingly to this very complicated stock market. But thankfully there is YouTube and crazy people like me who might have a solution for it.

As I mentioned in some of my videos, from my point of view there are four different types of traders. The fiery doer, decidedly purposeful and willing to take risks. The blue analyst, precise, level-headed, questioning and strategic. The earth-green systematic, empathetic, reflective and constant and the sun-yellow practitioner, creative, individual and captivating. The pragmatic trader, he trades in different assets, on different platforms, with different software, prefers different strategies, analyzes different key figures and works in different time charts and representations. The blue green and yellow will also use different things for trading. These include scalpers, day traders and swing traders. And there are already big differences here. Let's imagine that a swing trader is a truck racing driver, a day trader a rally driver and a scalper a Formula 1 driver. Now, the truck racing driver gets into the rally vehicle and the rally driver into the Formula 1 car. The drivers will certainly be able to drive the respective vehicle, but would not have a realistic chance against the competition.

That means every trader is as individual as a thumbprint and that is exactly why one would have to deal with each trader individually. Unfortunately, many trading coaches forget that. Learning to trade is not comparable to a dance class, it is about a lot of money in the long term and possibly also enormous losses. That is why it is not enough just to ask what knowledge a future student has. Incidentally, this is also the reason why I can only recommend everyone to stay away from a trading coach and look for a mentor instead. You can find information about this in my videos.

Introverts focus more attention and energy on their inner workings. In groups they tend to observe more passively, than to act and are often described as quiet, reserved and calm. However, introversion is not to be equated with shyness. Extraverts are characterized by an outward-facing attitude. Extroverted characters find the exchange and action within social groups stimulating. You are talkative, determined, active, energetic, dominant, enthusiastic and adventurous fun. The task-oriented person experiences himself coherently and essentially through the orientation towards a topic or a task of interest to him. He feels in harmony with himself when he is enthusiastic about a cause, penetrates a topic or can master a task. Friendships result from a common factual orientation. The people-oriented type is essentially defined by his direct relationships with other people. He is in tune with himself and feels valuable when his relationships are right. Before working with another person, the relationship level must first be clarified.

What strengths and weaknesses the synthetic trader, the pragmatic, the experimental and the reflective trader have, we will take a closer look at in my next post. I will also show you a way to find out which of these traders you belong to in order to create a strengths and weaknesses profile. This could possibly support you more in your capacity as a trader in the future. The banknotes that a customer receives in four different banks are the same, what makes the difference are the cashiers. And that's exactly what we're going to take a closer look at next week.

Inserted Video

I wish you a relaxing weekend, for some a great rest of vacation and for the others a lot of success next week in stores.

Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #1679 ---
What type of trader are you?

Hello dear subscribers,

Today's post was very laborious to create, because I translated the most important content from my video into English again especially for you. Since there are different terms for certain words, there may be errors or inconsistencies in my translation. I ask for your understanding, although I have tried very hard. Unfortunately, I was only able to translate the 10 most important slides. If you want to create this trader analysis optimally, I ask you to proceed as follows. Read my English text first and then watch the video. There you can see exactly how to proceed with the analysis. Then you can answer the questions and make your evaluation. I wish you alot of fun.

Over 90% of all traders lose long-term on the stock exchange and this is not only due to the sophisticated strategies of the big players. Today we will deal with the points that a trader can influence and change himself in order to reach his breakeven point. In some of my posts I have already mentioned that there are basically four different types of traders who of course achieve their goals individually. There are pragmatic, experimental, reflective and synthetic traders who have different characteristics. In today's post we will find out which category you belong to and of course uncover the associated strengths and weaknesses. This then results in possible solutions that can have very positive effects in the future. The point is not to put the four different types of traders in one drawer, because every trader naturally has different strengths and weaknesses that cannot be compared with one another. This then results in innumerable possibilities.

Each of you work in different markets and assets and there are different opportunities and risks. Anyone who knows their strengths and weaknesses exactly can use their strengths to expand the opportunities in the respective assets and at the same time hedge against possible risks. Those who know their weaknesses and reduce them to a minimum can increase their chances. An awareness of weaknesses also helps to avoid possible risks. The key here is to recognize your own strengths and weaknesses. Whoever knows others is taught, whoever knows himself is wise. Of course, every trader knows his own strengths and weaknesses, the challenge often lies in the small details that are easily overlooked. A small screw that is not tightened can cause a large airplane to crash. And for this very reason it is important to pay attention to even the smallest screw. And that is what we will deal with intensively today.

Today's trader analysis, which we create together, can only give you a rough insight into your strengths and weaknesses. If you would like to deal more deeply with this topic afterwards, I recommend dealing more with the "Biostructural Analysis" or "Insights MDI". 20 years ago, as part of my training, I acquired the trainer licenses for the "Biostructural Analysis" and “Insights” and worked with them for many years. The seminars offered on the market are not cheap, but give a deep and efficient insight into different behavioral patterns.

Let's start with the analysis first. You get 40 different statements from which you choose 10 statements that best apply to you. In order to make the analysis as objective as possible, I recommend that you answer the questions together with a partner who is close to you. I would like to briefly show you why this makes sense with the first question. It says here: When this person speaks, they appear: Confident, loud, behavioral or unemotional. Now one could use the word “loud, cautious or without emotion as negative and for this very reason would tick the box next to "Confident". That could in the end falsify the evaluation. By the way, a person who speaks a little louder will probably be surprised if this is reflected to him because he may not be aware of it. Therefore, get support from a person who knows you well.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here you can now see all 40 questions. A maximum of one point or a cross may be placed per question. If you are not entirely sure, it often helps to rule out the things that do not apply to you. If even two things are true, choose the answer that applies to you more often. When you have answered the questions, add up the points, they show you how strong you are in the pragmatic, experimental, reflective or synthetic area. I have now come up with a fictitious trader and filled out the analysis for him. This fictitious trader scores five points in the pragmatic range, one point in the experimental range, three points in the reflective range and one point in the synthetic range. Most of the points show its main potential, the second most points support the main potential and the fewest points show the weaknesses. This means that our fictitious trader has the greatest strength in the pragmatic area, is supported by the reflective area, while the experimental and synthetic area shows its weaknesses. Let's look at some basics first.

The synthetic and reflective trader is more introverted, while the pragmatic, experimental trader is extroverted. The synthetic and pragmatic trader is task-oriented, the reflective and experimental trader is more people-oriented. In our crosshairs, the fictitious trader with his greatest strength is in the upper right area and the support in the lower left area. At 10% each, the weaknesses are in the synthetic and experimental areas. Another important point is the differences in perception. A synthetic trader is often perceived as stiff, suspicious, cold, reserved, and indecisive. But from his point of view it looks very different. He feels himself to be cautious, precise, level-headed, questioning or formal. And that is exactly the difference between self-image and external image. Another aspect is our behavior in different areas of life. Each of us plays different roles in different situations. We behave differently at work than when we celebrate with friends. When we are sick or experience strokes of fate, we behave differently than on vacation, although we are actually always the same person. A synthetic person shows few emotions on the outside and is calm on the inside. This is certainly true when he meets a stranger, but in a safe environment like work, the situation can change. With friends or family, stronger emotions can arise. This means that our properties can change and vary depending on the situation.

Now some will ask themselves which color scheme is the best for becoming a successful trader. Now the circle has a total of 360 ° and it contains four colors. Each color can reach a maximum of 360 ° and thus a particularly high strength. Four colors each occupy 90 °. If the four colors are evenly distributed, there are no major weaknesses, but also no major strengths. The best combination is therefore ten points. Now each of you will say, well, everyone gets ten points. Exactly, that's why it doesn't matter what the color distribution looks like for success. It is crucial that you know your strengths and weaknesses and apply them accordingly to the market. In addition, you only create your personal analysis here and do not compare yourself with other participants. That would also make no sense, since every person has individual abilities that cannot be copied. In our crosshairs we first created the four different traders, let's now look at further properties.

The synthetic trader refers to facts and is able to see details. The pragmatic one also uses facts, but has an overview of the whole. The experimental trader overlooks the whole, referring to his own theses, while the reflective trader looks at his theses in detail. We see that both the synthetic and the reflective trader are able to analyze the details, while the pragmatic and experimental traders see the whole. The synthetic and pragmatic achieves success through thinking, while the reflective and experimental relies on intuition. This results in different synergies within our crosshairs. The synthetic trader is calm on the inside and shows little emotion on the outside. The pragmatic trader agrees, but is stressed inside. In addition to internal stress, the experimental shows strong emotions, while the reflective trader is internally balanced in addition to external, strong emotions. The synthetic one is precise while waiting. The pragmatic, precise and goal-oriented. The experimental is practical and goal-oriented and the reflective wait-and-see and practical.

Although most traders are active in the day trading arena, there is a very high number of swing traders in the synthetic and reflective trader arena. Likewise, most scalpers can be found in the field of pragmatic and experimental traders. The synthetic and pragmatic prefer to work alone, while the reflective experimental like to work in groups. Most fear traders are among the synthetic and reflective traders, while the greed traders are mainly found in the pragmatic and experimental realms. Please note, however, that there are also different levels here. Not only is water cold or hot, it can also be lukewarm.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Now let's get to the main aspects of the synthetic trader. He belongs to the group of fear and fact traders, analyzes details, trades calmly with little emotion.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The pragmatic trader seeks variety, acts according to guidelines, makes independent decisions, uses an exact, precise way of working, while the planning work is very imprecise.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The experimental trader belongs to the group of greed and intuition traders, analyzes the whole thing and acts with strong emotions in times of stress.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The reflective trader acts cautiously and as a security and rational trader, acts problem-oriented, but has good money management. For the four different traders I would like to give you additional behavioral tendencies and limitations so that you can get even more detailed information.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The synthetic trader, planning ahead, systematically accurate and logical. On the left side you will find the behavioral tendencies, on the right side the limitations.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The pragmatic trader is dominant, challenging, direct and determined

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The experimental trader captivating, innovative, positive and spontaneous

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The reflective trader is supportive, helpful, focused on security and stability.

Let us now consider the evaluation of such an analysis using our fictitious trader. His strength is 50% in the pragmatic area, so I look at the basics of the pragmatic trader. In addition, the behavioral tendencies and their limitations. The same thing now happens in the reflective area, whereby I also look here at the behavioral tendencies with the limitations. Please note that the strength is only 30% here. Therefore, the effects are not quite as strong here. In the experimental and synthetic areas, my fictional trader's strengths are very weak. He can also see the behavioral tendencies to see what is missing.

Let's go back to our crosshairs for a moment. Here we see the effects if a pragmatic trader scored ten points. That would be a strong expression. A medium score with five points and a weak score with one point. The same is of course also true in the other areas. Now we draw the result of our fictitious trader in our crosshairs. The main potential lies in the pragmatic area, the support in the reflective area, and the weaknesses in the synthetic, experimental area. If one were to form an average of this, the result would still be in the pragmatic range. This example should make it easier for you to create your own analysis.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here you will find a small overview so that you can assess other people more quickly and communicate better with them in the future.

Our fictitious trader has now created his strengths and weaknesses through the analysis. Here we can now put a tick behind it. The goal is now to use these strengths and weaknesses in order to increase the future opportunities and at the same time minimize the risks. And that is the greatest challenge because many do not even know how to achieve this goal. If you master the challenge, then the implementation takes place in order to realize and control the goal. This is exactly what I criticize most trading coaches about. They try to shape you as they are themselves. Never try to shape someone for who you are. Know that one of your kind will do. A tomcat that has eaten a canary cannot sing. And a student who has taken a volume trading course is far from being able to trade profitably.

Let's take a look at how we humans deal with problems. On our journey we have a flat tire, we forgot our cell phone and there is no traffic on the road that can help us. Our solution is in the trunk, a complete flat tire set. We use that and a short time later we can continue our journey to the next tire dealer . It's not that easy in trading. Let's imagine a trader is afraid to trade. Now someone tell him that volume trading is the solution because he can always see what is happening. He tackles the matter with renewed courage and realizes that he is not getting anywhere either. First of all, we should ask ourselves what this trader is actually afraid of. The following situation could be the reason for this. This trader has saved 10,000 euros in order to build his way to becoming a full-time trader in the long term. He has now traded a few times and has already lost € 2,000 in the process. He knows that if he has lost the money, the dream of the self-employed trader is over. Because of this, he is afraid of entering into more trades.

Now imagine we could show him a solution, how he could reach break even with 6000 trades and not lose more than € 200. I am convinced, that with a clear strategy one can take away his fear and he actually achieve his goal. And do you know how it actually works in reality? A synthetic trading student comes to an experimental trading coach. As you can see, the strengths and weaknesses are completely contrary to each other and yet the trading coach tries to impose his system on the student. The student thinks: Well the trading coach is outwardly, very successful then he must be right. If the synthetic trading student tries to be successful in the experimental area, you can quickly imagine how this game will turn out. And for this very reason, I recommend that you rely on a mentor who will accompany you for a few years. A trading coach is task-oriented, short-term and performance-oriented, while mentoring is relationship-oriented, long-term and development-oriented. About this, you can find some videos on my channel.

Inserted Video

First, take a little time to analyze your strengths and weaknesses. In order to match these strengths and weaknesses to the risks and opportunities that you encounter every day in the market, look for a suitable mentor who will support you for a few years. I know that finding the right mentor is not an easy task, but at the end of the journey, success will prove you to be right. I would be happy if I could help you a little with my contribution today, I wish you all success and I keep my fingers crossed for the future.

Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #1680 ---
Concrete chances against big players

Attached Image

Hello dear subscribers,

the new video is online and, as always, you will first receive the English translation. You can find the link from the video at the end of my post.

In my last two videos I showed you how to analyze your strengths and weaknesses in order to increase your chances and minimize the risks. Today we want to compare the strengths and weaknesses of the big players with the retail traders and work out where our greatest opportunities lie. As always, it is my personal opinion, which of course can be very different from other traders. Many traders assume that the big players have formed a secret consortium, coordinate, work together and manipulate prices. However, I see these statements in a somewhat differentiated manner. Of course, the forex market and the stock market are not a game, there is a real war here, which the big players decide in their favor with their superior weapons. The biggest big players don't have to work together because they use similar approaches and therefore see exactly what their competitors are doing. They are more likely to fight against the institutional and retail traders that are losing the most money in the market. We retailers are the largest in terms of the number of traders, but we also suffer the highest losses. To take advantage of our best opportunities, we must first understand how the big players differ from the retail traders.

First of all, the 100 biggest big players who work in Forex EURUSD have enormous capital with which they can move the market. Often this is borrowed capital that usually comes from their customers. The retailer, on the other hand, works with equity that can be multiplied again through the leverage of the broker. The biggest big players in the world work without stops and are even able to push their previously collected orders into the red at short notice without getting into trouble. Most retail traders use stops that the big players need to fill their limit orders. By the way, virtual stops are an interesting alternative for retail trailers to protect themselves from brokers. The big players use iceberg orders on the limit side in order to be able to enter and exit the market unnoticed. Retail traders mainly use market orders to enter the market. Market orders are easier to identify than iceberg orders.

The largest big players in the world use highly complex algorithms that coordinate the collaboration between their limit and market orders. These algorithms are programmed to deal with the misjudgments made by retailers, who often rely on indicators. The big players have to be seen as a kind of army that operate according to clearly defined strategies, while the retailer is left to himself and pursues his own strategies. The big players are not able to get 100,000 lots at the push of a button, so they are forced to collect in an accumulation or distribution phase. These collecting phases can last several days, while the retail trader can get in and out immediately. The big players have a direct exchange or Forex connection, while the retail trader may have several brokers in between. There are significant differences in the speed at which orders are executed. The biggest big players in the world work with a very professional team consisting of analysts, programmers and traders, while the retail trader has to do everything on his own.

Due to the collection campaigns, a large team and clear strategies, the big players are not able to react as quickly as the individual retail trader. Thanks to modern technology such as microwaves, the big players are able to execute massive orders within milliseconds. The retail trader is limited by his internet provider and the latency of his broker. Most retail traders trade on the stock exchange on the side, while the big players work full-time almost around the clock. This also explains the enormous differences in the area of profit opportunities. In certain situations the big players are at risk of generating massive losses. These losses are doubly tragic because it is their customers' money. Due to the legal regulations, a retail trader can lose a maximum of his account balance. The big players work with very high-quality technology in the area of their computers and servers, while many private traders trade with their cell phones or laptops. The big players move the market while the retail trader can only let himself be dragged along. Therefore, a misjudgment often costs more money than if you can move the market.

The big players trade in the Forex market with very low costs, which a retail trader can only dream of. Since we often have several brokers in between, we incur significantly higher costs. However, due to different constellations, the big players take a significantly higher risk than a retail trader. On average, the largest 100 big players trade a trading volume of 166,000 lots per day, in contrast to the retail trader who only trades one lot. The big players use the forex market to carry out a currency exchange or various hedges for their customers. You earn high commissions from this without having to take any risks. The largest number of retail traders use this market almost exclusively to make a profit. The 100 largest big players have specific volume information in the forex market that they even sell to institutional traders. In contrast, a retail trader does not receive any of this information. In my opinion, the biggest big players in the forex market even have an emulated DoM, built from the existing volume and their own information. This deep market insight is not possible for a private trader.

It is also interesting that the big players know exactly how retail traders work, while retail traders do not know how the big players work. The biggest big players work in their own market every day while we are guests in their market. This creates the effect of the home game. The hard skills of the big players, i.e. the technology, the servers and the Internet, are over 30 years old and have grown over time. A retail trader is forced to develop these hard skills first. The same applies to different strategies that have been improved and optimized over the years. Your hardware was built by professionals and is serviced and optimized daily, while a retail trader has to take care of it himself. Over the years, the big players have developed optimal trading software, while the retail trader has to access third-party software. The biggest big players clearly control the markets, which is comparable to a giant ship on the ocean, while the retailer sits unprotected in a small nutshell. Over 1 million retail traders exchange information with each other in various forums every day and reveal very interesting information, while the big players remain silent.

Let us first compare the statements made by the big players with the retail trader and rate them as strength or weakness. In summary, we can see that the strengths of the big players roughly correspond to the weaknesses of the retail traders. Here we can already see the clear dominance of the big players. Let us now consider the clear advantages of retail traders. We know that the big players work with outside capital and outside capital is never as efficient as own capital, since interest has to be paid on outside capital. In principle, this is an advantage, but initially it does not help us in direct trading. The big players are forced to build up their positions for hours or days, while the retail traders can get in or out immediately. This point is definitely an advantage for us. Due to different constellations, the big players are only able to react slowly, while we retailers have a clear advantage here in the area of speed. Of course, the big players can make massive losses and thus have a significantly higher risk than a retail trader, but the big players don't seem to care. In this respect, these points do not bring us any particular advantage in retail.

From my point of view, there are two clear advantages on our part. We can get in and out at any time and don't have to build and defend positions for hours or days. Another advantage is that we can react very quickly in order to quickly buy positions or to exit positions. Another important point is the fact that we retail traders are able to read out the algorithms of the big players with specially filtered software. In many of my videos, I have already shown you how to identify the algorithms of the big players in order to achieve trading advantages. We know that there are no patterns in price, candles, or indicators. However, there are clear patterns in the algorithms. Algorithms are orders in order to coordinate limit orders, iceberg orders or market orders with one another. These are programs that are always called up and therefore have clear patterns.

We have selected our only three chances: We can get on and off at any time, are able to react quickly and can read the algorithms of the big players. Now we come to the exciting question of how can we use these opportunities to our advantage? Well the answer lies in the word quick. If we can react quickly, but do not implement this in our actions, our advantage is wasted. This is one of the reasons why I specialize in scalping, for example. With the help of my Bionic candle in the tick chart, I get a clear overview of the course through the identification of the key candles. As soon as one of these key candles is activated, the algorithms that are read from stock market data help me to make the right decision.

Then everything goes very quickly, the entry into the market, from then on my pip value runs per minute, which informs me about the current risk. My tones help me to determine the algorithms more quickly, which then help me to exit. As we know, the high-frequency traders are clearly superior to the big players with a win rate of 99%. Of course, I cannot compare my seconds scalping with a high frequency trader, as the special technique is not available to me. It's not about getting better odds than the big players, but rather about getting better odds than the average trader. And whoever manages that already has a considerable market advantage. The sentence: It is not the big ones who eat the small ones, but the fast ones the slow ones, is given a special meaning. You will find specific information and ideas in my numerous videos.

Let's get to the summary:

Out of almost 30 points, there are only three points where we are superior to the big players. The entry and exit, the speed and the reading of your algorithms. If you manage to use these three opportunities to your advantage, you can significantly improve your chances of winning and at the same time reduce the risk. Virtu is the largest high frequency trader in the world, and analysts have found that their approach is almost risk-free. For this reason, a small stop of 1.5 pip, a TP of 3 pip within 1-2 minutes is also a comparably low risk for me. With this approach you can still trade very well even in calm market conditions, I have already talked about this in numerous videos.

Inserted Video

I would be happy if you could develop some ideas for yourself from this, keep your fingers crossed for the future and look forward to hearing from you again soon.

Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #1681 ---
Something I would like to point to here, based on my own career and experience, in line with what you are saying Michael .....

The big participants are entities or as some people call them, companies, corporations or organizations. Whichever label you give them, they are public, they are present and they are constantly involved as they have to be...it's part of their working model. As much as I know people are addicted to and so heavily reliant on data and technology these days, I am seeing a deep lapse in people's understanding of the real world. Real people, real companies and real activity. The absence of people's awareness of business and the business world, has generated a slippery funnel that cascades most people into the cul-de-sac you are speaking of re: their strengths and weaknesses vs ours.

From my experience the need for the 'us vs them' war need not even be an issue. But this is from a mindset of someone who has treated all these "big things" as just another participant, with only one exception... they leave paper trails and detailed information that proves to be very useful if they are treated the same as if you were to pick an investment vehicle - you must do a top down- bottom up evaluation of what they are and what they're capable of, where their weaknesses are and how to use them against their own hierarchy's projected plans. I have mentioned this before elsewhere and people thought me batty, but really, all these 'big players' sit beneath the main table of management. We know this to be so - BIS and central banks are great egs of this. If this is not factual and consistently true then why do these entities even exist at all and why do they interrupt/interact and why do governments and others answer to them. These are queries people must ask themselves. People are ignorant not because of technological displacement but because they 'believe' virtual over real life. This has been my experience and consistent and ongoing observations.

This is not to impose on your thread Michael, it is something that I see everywhere now and needs to be mentioned. People 'believing data or digital' before checking reality is very unhealthy. And why? All because they are not willing to do their homework to learn about the underbelly of what they call the "markets".

From my experience, at some point, physical must meet with digital, otherwise a person's knowledge is lopsided and is covered up with justifications such as - "I do this to make money" or "I don't care how it works only that it works".

Anyway just my input. Also to add, I do enjoy your inputs here on this thread. It's great to dance a jig when mediocrity takes a backseat for a more mature and intelligent involvement.

So well done and thank you.

Attached Image

--- 帖子 #1682 ---
The big players' iceberg orders

Attached Image

Hello dear traders,

I have produced a new video on YouTube on the subject of Icebergorders, which can also be uploaded with English subtitles. However, as always, you will first receive my English translation. Since the number of pictures at FF is limited, please watch the video after reading the text. You can find the link from the video at the end of my post.

In today's post we will take a closer look at the iceberg orders. What is the difference between native and synthetic iceberg jobs, where and when are they used? We create a profitability analysis of iceberg orders compared to normal limit and market orders and look at some examples where iceberg orders are increasingly used. The distribution of iceberg orders based on the total volume is also interesting. As always, my contributions are only about my personal opinion or experience. The measures available to traders have not changed significantly for centuries and probably millennia since the first type of trading venues were established. The speed with which certain orders are delivered to the exchange, how the exchanges process them and give appropriate feedback has changed significantly. Also, the market data has changed significantly, mainly due to the improved technology and bandwidth. Market data today enables much greater market transparency.

If a big player wants to push the course down, he has to collect the dollar first. He can achieve this with limit sell or market sell orders. Then he has to get out of his position and sell the dollar with it. For this he uses either limit buy or market buy orders. Before he pushes a rate up, he has to collect the euro. This is done with the help of limit buy or market buy orders. To realize his profit he has to sell the euro on the high. To do this, he uses limit sell orders or market sell orders. Now you must have noticed something. With a limit buy or market buy order, the big player is able to buy the euro or sell the dollar. With a limit sell or market sell order, the big player is able to buy the dollar or sell the euro. If the euro is bought, the rate will go up over the long term. If the dollar is bought, the price will go down in the long run. If the dollar is sold, the situation is unclear because we do not know whether the big player has only made a partial sale or is already out of his position. In the event of a partial sale, the price would continue to rise. If the big player is out of his position, an equilibrium would have to arise again, where a new player collects. The same applies, of course, if the euro is sold. For this reason I have concentrated on specially filtered limit orders that show me exactly what is currently being collected. In the equilibrium we see that bid was primarily collected. First the shortraders are taken out, then the course goes down. In the equilibrium we can see that the euro has been collected more strongly. We see the resulting result on the chart. For these individual actions, the big players use iceberg orders, which we will now take a closer look at.

Due to the high demand, most exchanges offer traders who trade large quantities the opportunity to place iceberg orders in the market. Big players want to hide their orders because orders generally reflect the intentions of their owners. Great traders are considered to be more informed and influential than the average trader. If the intention of a large trader becomes transparent to other market participants, it would make it difficult to execute at the desired price. The iceberg order is used to reduce the risk of a strong price movement while hiding the future strategy. This is a limit order in which only a fraction of the total order volume is displayed in the order book. The rest of the volume remains hidden. Only when the still dormant (outstanding) peak is executed will the next hidden part of the iceberg volume be revealed. This process is repeated until the original order is fully traded or canceled. However, this also means that an iceberg order is only effective at one price level. Iceberg orders are nothing more than limit orders that are controlled by algorithms and absorb market orders at certain price levels. We should know, however, that absorption does not only take place at one price level, but always at several.

In the DoM we see on the right side the red limit sell orders which absorb the market buy orders and on the left side the green limit buy orders which absorb the market sell orders. Behind the limit orders are the tranches of the iceberg orders, which are not visible to a market participant and which gradually advance. Let's imagine an iceberg, the visible orders in the DoM are the small iceberg that is visible to us above the surface of the water. The greater part that is hidden from us lies beneath the surface of the water. As soon as the first tranche of the iceberg order has been cleared by the market orders, the next tranche of the iceberg order slips until it has been fully traded or deleted.

The CME only supports two types of iceberg orders: native and synthetic. Native Iceberg orders are managed by the exchange itself. All new tranches are treated as changes to the first order, so the original order number or order ID is retained for the entire duration of the iceberg order. Synthetic iceberg orders are submitted by independent software providers whose infrastructure is physically separated from the exchange. These software vendors split the original iceberg order, submit new tranches, and track their execution. These tranches cannot be distinguished from the usual limit orders of other participants. Identifying native iceberg orders is much easier because the order number doesn't change until the iceberg order has been fully processed. The big players work almost exclusively with synthetic iceberg orders that generate different IDs, which makes identification considerably more difficult.

Let us now consider an example of a flow of native iceberg orders in the Limit Buy area. Just like customers at a supermarket checkout, the limit orders also have to line up. The 8 lots on the Limit Buy side are at the very front and the 10 lots at the back. A 200 lot iceberg order is now placed, which is divided into 10 tranches of 20 lots each. Now the first tranche comes into the queue and slowly slides forward. As soon as the first tranche has been executed, the next tranche is added. This continues until all orders are executed or deleted beforehand. It is similar with the synthetic iceberg orders, they are also the same size, but with different IDs. If different synthetic iceberg orders are issued and are partially deleted by special algorithms, this can make a specific identification more difficult. Let us now take a look at whether iceberg orders are worthwhile, we will make a comparison without calculating costs, spreads or fees.

We start collecting at different limit levels. The price goes up and the big player collects bid on 6 price levels. The price is pushed down 10 ticks then the exit takes place. The aggregate advantage here would be 1,570 ticks. Now the big player does not collect with limit orders but with 200 market sell orders, which are activated by 200 limit buy orders. He also gets out of his position at 1.10100, the aggregate advantage here would be 1,470 ticks. Now the collection takes place through iceberg orders, the price initially runs upwards, where the big player collects 200 lots with his iceberg orders at a price level. The price is pushed down 10 ticks, then the exit occurs at 1.10100. The aggregate advantage here would be 2,000 ticks. This means that collecting with market orders brings 1,470 ticks in this example, collecting at different limit levels produces 1,570 ticks and collecting iceberg orders gives the big player 2,000 ticks. That is an advantage of up to 40%. In addition, the actual strategy is obscured by the iceberg orders.

Iceberg orders account for around 30% to 60% of the total trading volume. Over 50% of orders for synthetic icebergs are canceled before they are fully fulfilled. The orders for synthetic icebergs use an average of 4 to 5 tranches with an average peak of 4 to 5 lots. The average total volume of orders for complete synthetic icebergs is between 10 and 20 lots. It's interesting to note that the order sizes are often multiples of 5, such as: B. B. 10, 15 or 20. The iceberg orders are therefore used more frequently than originally assumed, and these are increasingly smaller jobs. Iceberg orders are mainly used to absorb the stops from retailers. However, stops have the peculiarity that they are at different price levels, which is why the big players are forced to occupy several price levels with their iceberg orders in order to absorb the decisive volume of the stops.

The price has gone down and up again. In the case of the blue arrow, strong absorption took place as it ran up. Many now believe that a large market player will defend this price level in the future. At first the price went down, then came the rude awakening. So now it goes down. Bad luck again, because there was still a stop hunting, only then did the price go down. If there is a very low volume in the market and suddenly stronger absorption takes place, this is noticeable. Stronger absorptions usually do not occur randomly, but are precisely planned in advance. An example of this is a major currency exchange.

A large company wants to exchange the dollar for the euro to pay salaries. This is an exit from the dollar, which the customer bank completes in this case with market buy orders. Normally the currency exchange would be complete, but the volume of 1000 lots would be distributed unused to different market participants. Now a friendly partner bank could place a 1000 lot iceberg order in the form of limit sell orders at this price level and would immediately have 1000 lots on the bid side. Normally you would have to collect many hours for this, but only at different price levels. What happens now? Market participants see that a big player has placed a 1000 lot market buy order in the market and will suspect that the price is going up. The partner bank will, however, push the course down. When exchanging the euro for the dollar, the situation is exactly the opposite. Exit from the euro with market sell orders from the customer bank. And the interception of the volume with limit buy orders from the partner bank. Everyone thinks the price is going down, but the opposite is happening. The currency exchange euro for dollar can, however, also be processed differently. The customer bank gets out of the euro with limit sell orders and the befriended partner bank invests 1000 lots in the form of market buy orders at the same time. Everyone believes that the price will now go up, so there will first be a downward stop hunting before the price then goes up. The same game also works when exchanging dollars for euros. The customer bank exits with limit buy orders, while the partner bank activates its sell orders brand. Let's look at a specific example of this.

The price was pushed up briefly and a currency exchange took place at the high. The customer bank sold the dollar with market buy orders, which the partner bank accepted with a limit sell iceberg order. The other market participants now thought that the price would continue to rise and placed themselves long. The partner bank then pushed the price down, triggering the stops of the long traders and thereby accelerating the price. Partner Bank exited the dollar just before the low. In the further course the partner bank and also the customer bank tried to collect the euro. And then pushed the course upwards together. The next currency exchange took place there. The customer bank has exchanged the euro for the dollar for its customers with limit sell orders, whereby they have also sold their euro positions from the low at the same time. The Partner Bank entered the market with orders. The majority of market participants now thought that the same game as 6 hours ago would repeat itself and are now short. This created a large upward spike. However, that was of no use to the big players, as they could not get out of their major positions at that point. Due to a partial dissolution of their position, the price went down again. The price was then carefully pushed upwards, with more and more long traders entering the market, which enabled the partner bank to gradually liquidate its position. Conclusion in 12 hours: Thanks to a clever collaboration, two banks have made a profit of 200 million in the Forex market. After, the transfer of the 100 million that the partner bank transmits to the customer bank is very exciting. However, there are very interesting design options that would go beyond the scope of today.

This approach is prohibited by the supervisory authorities, but from my point of view it is relatively easy to prove this offense by the banks. Either the supervisory authorities are unable to understand this approach or they accept this state of affairs. It remains to be seen why there are laws at all if one is not able to monitor them. In the end, the stupid one is the retailer who doesn't know what's going on or doesn't have enough funds to take action against it. We can get angry or upset about it now, or we can just turn the tables and use this information to our market advantage. There are exchange software vendors who claim that their system can capture the majority of iceberg orders. In my next video we will talk about identifying iceberg orders and how the software can help us with that.

Inserted Video

I wish you a very successful trading week and look forward to seeing you again next week.

Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #1683 ---
Hello Peter, I agree with you on many points, for this reason I divided my personal life many years ago. There is a real life within an intact family and very close friendships that have nothing to do with trading. Then there is a digital world that I only see as a challenge to have a realistic chance against the best traders in the world. Interestingly, it's not primarily about financial aspects. These two areas are clearly separated from each other. From my point of view, I would even argue that the market is not manipulated, but the stock exchanges set rules that everyone who trades has to accept beforehand. We know that certain big players have priority in the queue at the exchanges. This leads to the conclusion that their placed orders are always as close as possible to the price execution. This is not a manipulation, but a bonus for large traders. In trading, the rules of exchanges are set in the form of matching algorithms and, in some cases, different latency priorities. These rules can favor certain types of market participants like registered market makers by offering them higher matching priorities or even adding artificial speed bumps for other traders. The Chicago Exchange was the first to propose artificial speed bumps designed to delay the actions of incoming traders by 350 microseconds, except, of course, certain market makers who were allowed to use the freeway. Initially rejected as discriminatory, the proposal was later approved not only for Chicago but also for the New York Stock Exchange and other stock exchanges. One of the arguments in favor of admission was that exchanges already offer an advantage for registered market makers in various forms, including, for example, position determination in the queue. And now comes the crucial point: these rules that the exchanges have established can be considered fair because they are public. Traders who know the rules of the game can adjust their trading strategy accordingly, possibly finding markets with better rules, or choosing not to trade at all. This means that as a retailer one have to know that one will be disadvantaged on the stock market, if one still trade and lose, it is his own fault because one have previously accepted the rules of the game. I will go into more detail about the identification of the iceberg orders next week. I wish you a nice weekend.

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1684 ---
Identification of the iceberg orders

Attached Image

Hello dear traders,

In my new video, we will take a closer look at the identification of the iceberg orders. We look at an example of how a big player makes volume available to himself without performing a currency exchange. What is the difference between MBO and MBP data and is MBO data really worth it? There are some providers of stock market software who promise that they can be used to identify the majority of iceberg orders, which we will take a closer look at. As always, my contributions are only about my personal opinion or experience.

Inserted Video

The video is of course produced in 4K again and you can have the spoken text translated into English on YouTube. Of course I will translate the comlete text for you later and post it here for the next few days.

I wish you a lot of fun watching it and a nice weekend.

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1685 ---
Identification of the iceberg orders

Hello dear traders,

As promised, I translated the content of my new video for you. You can find the video again at the end of the article.

Today we will deal more closely with the identification of the iceberg orders. We look at an example of how a big player makes volume available to himself without performing a currency exchange. What is the difference between MBO and MBP data and is MBO data really worth it? There are some providers of stock market software who promise that they can be used to identify the majority of iceberg orders, which we will also take a closer look at. As always, my contributions are only about my personal opinion or experience. Random or planned world events have no direct impact on the stock market as only the decisions of traders and their actions as a result affect the market. Market makers and high frequency traders are the first to react, so their actions are the fastest global news feed, not the news itself. We have talked about this many times. The currency strength I often mentioned is a clear plus in the foreign exchange market that does not exist in the stocks and futures markets. From this you can get additional, in-depth information that gives us a clear market advantage. Incidentally, the rough currency strength can be read off immediately in every chart. Take the EURUSD as an example. Here two different currencies are traded against each other. The first currency symbol, the euro, shows that the euro becomes stronger when the exchange rate rises, while the second currency symbol USD shows that the dollar becomes stronger when the exchange rate falls. For the US dollar Swiss franc, the rate must rise so that the dollar becomes stronger and the CHF falls so that the franc becomes stronger.

On the right we see the green line that shows the strength of the euro while the red line shows the strength of the dollar. The price of the EURUSD falls if the dollar strengthens, the euro weakens, or both factors occur. In this example, you can use the currency strength to identify almost every reversal point in advance. Anyone who knows how to deal with this currency strength has a clear market advantage. In this case, the euro and dollar strength are compared with the respective seven main currency pairs and therefore provide very precise information. Precisely because this topic of currency strength is a very decisive factor in trading, I will once again produce a very detailed video about it. Please also pay attention to the two resistance zones that I drew in at the beginning, we will take a closer look at them in a moment. My first resistance zone did three pullbacks that lasted 3, 8 and 9 minutes respectively. I usually only spend between one and four minutes in the market. The lower, stronger resistance zone only had one return, but it went up a little more in 11 minutes. After that, the price broke through the lower resistance zone. You can find a lot of information about the crucial key candles in my videos. Many traders believe that a big player always buys the dollar at the high and the euro at the low, but that is a mistake, because there is usually little volume at the high and low. That means that not enough can be collected there.

In this case the dollar was bought in the two equilibria in H1 and shortly before the low there was an exit from the dollar. Only then was the euro collected in the subsequent equilibrium. Then the exit from the euro takes place. The euro is collected again, then the exit takes place. The euro is collected one more time and then the exit takes place again. Then the course was pushed down, a new equilibrium was created where bid was collected. Only then did the course continue to decline. The principle is always the same.

In my last video we noticed that with the limit buy and market buy orders, the big player is able to buy the euro or sell the dollar. With the limit sell or market sell orders, the big player is able to buy the dollar or sell the euro. If the euro is bought, the rate will go up in the long term, if the dollar is bought the rate will go down in the long term. If the dollar or euro is sold, the situation is unclear, as we do not know whether the big player has only made a partial sale or is already out of his position. In the case of a partial sale, the course would continue, if the big player is out of his position, an equilibrium would first have to arise again, where a new player collects. The big players determine the market and use the limit orders for their entries and exits and need the market orders to drive the market in the desired direction. To fill their limit orders, they always look for the volume that is most efficiently found in retailer's stops. With the help of the iceberg orders, the big players can add further limit orders unnoticed and thus collect ask or bid without being noticed. Interestingly, the average iceberg orders are between 10 and 20 lots and not, as we previously thought, an extremely high number of lots. Of course there are also extreme absorptions, but they only arise because a large player makes volume available to himself. The iceberg orders have been studied in great detail by various analysts, and it turns out that iceberg orders accounted for 20-60% of total sales. Many small iceberg orders at different price levels make it difficult to precisely identify the absorption and continue to help the big players to dominate the market undetected.

Banks usually have to accumulate many hours within a narrow range in order to then push the price in their direction. For this reason, they are also able to provide themselves with liquidity. While the price is slowly falling, massive iceberg orders are placed in the limit sell price levels above. At the low, the algorithms completely withdraw the iceberg orders and at the same time start to shoot market buy orders into the market. This triggers the stops of the shortraders and catapults the course upwards. The big player now invests 1000 lot market buy orders there, which he intercepts with his own limit sell orders. He is now 1000 lots short and 1000 lots long invested. Due to the 1000 Lot Market Buy Order, the market's reaction is bullish, massive buyers are now entering the market. These buyers are now gradually being intercepted with iceberg orders, with the big player slowly exiting its euro position. Then he pushes the price down and the stops of the long traders help him. At the low, he begins to exit his dollar position. Conclusion in 4 hours 30 million profit, normally it would have taken him at least three times as long to collect in the Equilibrium. We come to the identification of iceberg orders.

There are various well-known software providers on the market who claim that their stock exchange software can identify a large number of iceberg orders. We will now check to what extent these statements are correct. First of all, it is important to understand how iceberg orders are identified. In the case of native iceberg orders, clear evidence can be provided using the order ID. However, only if the same number of limit orders have been executed within a certain period of time. The entire iceberg order can only be reliably identified after the last tranche has arrived. The tranches of synthetic icebergs are normal limit orders. An incoming order is considered a tranche if it is placed within a short timeframe after a previous order of the same size has been executed at the same price. This results in the following clear differences to native iceberg orders. Since more than one order comes into question as a higher-level tranche, the synthetic iceberg order is best represented as a network diagram of orders. Then the executed size of the order is an aggregated amount of the executed volume of each tranche chain. Since the recognition process as such is speculative, normal orders can also be classified as iceberg tranches under certain circumstances. This means that synthetic iceberg orders can only be estimated heuristically and on the basis of a number of assumptions.

In the S & P500, the proportion of native iceberg orders is just 4% and the proportion of synthetic iceberg orders is over 30% of total sales. Incidentally, the share in the euro US dollar is twice as high. In principle, however, it does not matter how high the share of iceberg orders is in the total turnover, the overall distribution of the native and synthetic iceberg orders among each other is decisive. Of all the iceberg orders submitted, the proportion of native orders is 12% and the proportion of synthetic orders is 88%. The largest big players only work with synthetic iceberg orders, while smaller players trade with native iceberg orders on the stock exchange. What does this mean for us? If 50% of 100% of the total volume falls on iceberg orders, iceberg orders can be clearly identified for 6% of the total volume and not for 44% of total sales. Since only the big big players move the market, the clearly identifiable iceberg orders of the smaller players are not relevant in order to make a clear trading decision. Of course, iceberg orders can be identified with any time and sales list. The problem is that many smaller iceberg orders come on the market every day and cannot be clearly assigned to a possible strategy. We retailers try to track down the big players' aircraft with a car navigation system. There are roads in the sky but we cannot identify the big players as they regularly place invisible iceberg orders. And these limit orders are almost impossible to find. Footprint and volume diagrams and the market profile do not help us any further.

The statement of the software manufacturers, who advertise with a clear identification of the iceberg orders, is: We use an algorithm developed in-house to recognize and predict iceberg orders. I think that says it all. I only get specific information from the native iceberg orders, in 88% of the cases I have to rely on an estimate. If I buy a car that only does what I want in 12% of the time, I wouldn't buy that vehicle. The stock market is not about life or death, but it is about a lot of money. That's why I don't work with such software. In addition, I have to work with MBO data, which cause fees that are 3 times higher. The order book only changes when traders carry out new promotions or conditional orders are released according to their maturity settings. Consequently, exchanges generate market data and inform traders of changes. Today there are two different types of market data. Market-by-order (MBO) describes an order-based data feed that offers the option of displaying individual orders and their development. The information of the order includes its unique order ID, the limited price, the size and its position in the queue. MBO usually offers full market depth and describes orders at every price level. Market-by-Price (MBP) describes a price-based data feed that offers the option of displaying the total size of all orders at each price level. MBP can either describe the full depth of market or a limited number of closest bid and ask price levels, e.g. 5, 10 or 20 price levels. At first glance, the upper split limit sell order offers more information, of course, but what is the purpose of these orders? Should the dollar be bought or is it an exit from the euro? Are there still enough market buy orders coming into the market to keep moving up or is the price reversing? I do not get this information, for this reason the MBO data is only a clever marketing strategy for most traders on the part of the stock exchange and the software provider.

We know that certain big players have priority in the queue at the exchanges. This leads to the conclusion that their placed orders are always as close as possible to the price execution. In trading, the rules of exchanges are set in the form of matching algorithms and, in some cases, different latency priorities. These rules can favor certain types of market participants like registered market makers by offering them higher matching priorities or even adding artificial speed bumps for other traders. The Chicago Exchange was the first to propose artificial speed bumps designed to delay the actions of incoming traders by 350 microseconds, except, of course, certain market makers who were allowed to use the freeway. Initially rejected as discriminatory, the proposal was later approved not only for Chicago but also for the New York Stock Exchange and other stock exchanges. One of the arguments in favor of admission was that exchanges already offer an advantage for registered market makers in various forms, including, for example, position determination in the queue. Now it's getting interesting: These rules that the stock exchanges have drawn up can be viewed as fair because they are public. Traders who know the rules of the game can adjust their trading strategy accordingly, may find markets with better rules or choose not to trade at all. This means that as a retailer you know that you will be disadvantaged on the stock market, if you still trade and lose, then it is your own fault because you have previously accepted the rules of the game.

Of course, trading consists only of assumptions that each trader receives based on his or her individual information. The more specific and precise this information is, the more accurately a trade can be executed. In addition, we should know that the more participants follow a similar strategy, the lower the chances of winning. Since I only trade in EURUSD, where is permanently absorbed, iceberg orders are less relevant to me. It also doesn't matter how many iceberg orders are behind the limit orders, as they can only accept as much volume as the market currently offers. I see that immediately in the DOM, in the time and sales list and in spoofing. An absorption of market orders by the iceberg orders does not usually lead to an immediate trend change. The overview of my specially filtered limit orders in connection with the strength of the market and limit orders is the fastest way for me as a scalper to predict future movements with a very high probability. I pay attention to orders that have already been executed, which means that the big player is still directly in the market. You can find a lot of information about this in the videos I have provided.

There are a number of factors that make trading more successful, such as: access to critical data, filterable analysis tools, and high quality visualizations to convert into useful information. Also to develop effective tactics based on knowledge to predict future events and minimize the risks. The speed of data processing and execution of actions is also a decisive success factor. Together, these factors result in an even stronger competitive advantage. For example, executing a wrong price direction forecast quickly results in a worse execution price than executing slowly in the right direction. That is why it is much more important to know what is happening in the market. The iceberg orders have a significantly lower relevance to the immediate price development in the EURUSD than in the Dax or S&P, since the liquidity in the EURUSD is higher and thus the volatility is lower. In return, security increases and with a clear strategy, profits become more sustainable.

Inserted Video

I wish you a nice weekend and good business success.

Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #1686 ---
Currency strength in forex

Attached Image

Hello dear traders,

Today's post is about currency strength, an advantage that you only get in the forex market but not in the futures market. We look at the individual effects and whether you can use this information to increase your probability of winning. We also compare paid currency meters with free currency meters, the result will surprise you. With the right approach, by the end of my post you will be able to immediately identify the strength of 28 different currency pairs. You will of course get the appropriate tools from me.

Inserted Video

The video is of course produced in 4K again and you can have the spoken text translated into English on YouTube. Of course I will translate the text for you later and post it here tomorrow at the latest.

I wish you a lot of fun watching it and a nice weekend.

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1687 ---
Currency strength in forex

Hello dear subscribers,

As promised, I translated the content of my new video for you. You can find the video again at the end of the article.

Today's post is about currency strength, an advantage that you only get in the foreign exchange or forex market but not in the futures market. We look at the individual effects and whether you can use this information to increase your probability of winning. We also compare paid currency meters with free currency meters, the result will surprise you. With the right approach, by the end of my post you will be able to immediately identify the strength of 28 different currency pairs. You will of course get the appropriate tools from me. In my youth there was a comic magazine (YPS) that always included a gimmick. For example a machine that produces square eggs. First an egg was boiled, then enclosed in the plastic box and placed in the refrigerator. At breakfast our parents were amazed that there are actually square eggs. Why am I telling this? Well, here you are, a dashboard developed by me that gives me different views in the area of currency strength. You can create this dashboard yourself with a few clicks of the mouse, the indicators and the corresponding template can be found in this post. I also wanted to provide you with a kind of YPS booklet so that you can put my information into practice immediately afterwards.

Viewed collectively, retailers always trade against the trend, tend to expand losing positions and go mostly in a biig loss with their entries. The big players are usually always in a better situation. You have sufficient capital to take on a variety of independent, simultaneous positions with different entry levels. Diversification and the law of large numbers are used to minimize risks and smooth profits. Incidentally, casinos also use these factors by providing several gaming tables at the same time. On this chart, the white line represents the volume of long retail positions in EURUSD at the CLOSE of each M15 candle. What is interesting is how this value goes down as the price goes up. In contrast, when the price falls, the retailer volume of long positions increases. The bigger candles are caused by the stops of the retailers and not by a massive number of market orders added by the big players. In USDCHF, the volume of long positions in retail is falling while the big players take the opposite side. It should be clear who sits on the longer lever. We see that the retailers are on the wrong side almost at all times, which also explains the high loss rates in the retail sector. For this interesting presentation, by the way, many thanks to Hanover, a very creative and professional programmer of the largest trading platform Forex Factory. I will come back to him later. There are a number of different representations of the currency strength meter. In today's post we will also look at whether currency strength indicators that cost money are superior to free ones.

The typical strength indicators give an idea of how much a currency has moved compared to all other currencies against which it is compared. Of course you can use it to see if the dollar is strong in relation to other currencies. You can use a currency strength meter to identify a strong currency and a weak currency. Many traders take advantage of this information and trade the strongest against the weakest currency. We'll take a closer look at whether this is actually a smart idea. Today's comparison is about 8 currency strengths from which a total of 28 currency pairs are formed. Let’s first look at how high a currency’s share of the total turnover of the forex market is. The NZD reached a share of 2.1%, the CAD reached 4.9%, the CHF already passed the 5% hurdle, the AUD reached 6.8%, while the pound reached 12.8%. The first three places are occupied by the yen with 16.8%. In second place is the euro with a share of over 32% and first place is the dollar with over 88%.

Here we can now see how the dollar is calculated in five different time units against the seven other currencies. Let us now compare the eight different currencies to one another. Red shows weakness while green highlights strength. In this graph, the dollar is the weakest and the New Zealand dollar is the strongest. Now you can sort the different currencies in different time units according to their strength, with the strongest currency at the top and the weakest currency at the bottom. This results in the 28 different currency pairs that we can also sort in the five different time units according to their strength. Overall, this currency strength knife is very detailed if you want to have an overview of all 28 currency pairs. Since I personally only work with the euro, the US dollar, of course, only the euro and dollar are relevant to me. From this I filtered my own currency strength meter only for the euro and dollar. The individual columns show the respective time units. In the upper area we see the dollar strength and in the lower area the euro strength. To the right of it I have once installed an M1 chart to show you exactly how this display works. The left column, where the currency strength is calculated in the M1, of course reacts much faster than in the last column, where the monthly observation takes place. Therefore, pay close attention to the first three columns.

First of all, we can see that the dollar strength is in the foreground. And now pay attention to how the dollar is getting weaker and the strength of the euro is increasing. Initially, the euro and the dollar are in equilibrium, and it seems as if the dollar wants to push the rate down again. Now we can see how the euro is getting stronger and stronger, the reaction: The price is being pushed up very quickly. Once again there is a balance between the euro and the dollar, which the euro ultimately decides for itself. Although the price is now fluctuating back and forth, we can see the clear euro dominance, which would still allow an entry to the top in this situation. A slightly different view consists of two different lines running in a 100% value. The red line shows us the strength of the dollar while the green line shows the strength of the euro. In this case, the dollar strength is around 62% and the euro strength is around 30%. First we draw a center line at 50%. We can thus see that the respective currency is strong above the middle line and as soon as it moves below the middle line, it tends to show a weak trend. Let's look at an example of this.

Above are the candles below is our strength indicator. At the beginning the course runs down a bit. In the area of the strength indicator, we can clearly see the dominance in the dollar. Now the course is going up, here the euro strength is clearly in the foreground. There is a brief pullback, but we can already see that the dollar is weakening. The course is now continuing upwards, with the strength of the euro in the foreground here too. Then there is a downward movement, the dollar has a clear advantage. The exchange rate is going up again, interestingly, the dollar rises at the same time as the euro, with the euro still having a slight advantage. Now the price is going down again and we can see the clear dominance of the dollar. When a bullish candle arises, there are theoretically three starting situations. The strength of the euro remains unchanged while the dollar is weakening. The euro strength increases while the dollar strength remains the same. The euro strength increases while the dollar strength decreases. Of course, these three initial situations also apply to a bearish candle. While the dollar strength remains the same, the euro strength decreases. The dollar strength increases while the euro strength remains the same and the dollar strength increases while the euro strength decreases at the same time. This situation would accelerate the downward movement more.

Let's look at another example in an 8 tick chart in EURUSD. On the left is the dollar strength, on the right we see the euro strength. The strength in M1 is in the middle and the time units increase outwards. Now pay attention to the two inner areas, as this is where the quickest reaction can be determined. In the middle we see the strength of the euro and the strength of the dollar in the form of two lines. Below that I have once again drawn the dollar strength individually within the 8-tick chart. If the yellow line is above the center line, the dollar is strong; if the yellow line is below the center line, the dollar is weak. Let us now observe a live price. The strength of the dollar has a clear advantage, as we can see in both the top and the bottom diagram. The price is therefore going down. In the lower area there is initially a small equilibrium, we can see that the dollar is still very strong. The euro is gradually getting stronger and the rate is rising. In this case, the tick chart display actually shows significantly better results than the upper display in the M1. We can see that the strength of the euro continues to have a clear advantage, which also explains that the price continues to rise more strongly. Suddenly there is a small breakout downwards, in the tick chart we can see that the strength indicator only reacts at this moment. The dollar strength in the M1 is increasing and the rate is falling again.

Based on this example, we can see that the strength of the currency is also lagging behind the price. And that is also logical, because after all, all currency strength indicators in the forex market are calculated from the price, and not from the volume, as the volume in the forex market is not completely available to us. Incidentally, the calculation of the currency strength within the tick chart is not entirely correct. This is simply because the other counter currencies would theoretically have to be calculated simultaneously within an 8 tick chart in order to arrive at a correct calculation. The correlation between retail volume and currency strength is very accurate. This means that the retail volume can theoretically be used as a leading indicator just like the currency strength itself. It is also important to know that it is not the indicator that is the decisive factor in trading, but rather how the respective trader interprets the data taken from it. Now let's take another look at our currency strengths on the left. We find that of the eight currencies, the dollar is the weakest while the New Zealand dollar is the strongest. If we look at the NZDUSD during this period, we actually see a stronger rise to the upside. But I generally warn against trading the weakest currency against the strongest. The background is that at the time of entering the market you can of course never know whether the current currency correlation will continue to exist.

We see that the dollar is getting weaker and the euro is getting stronger so we decide to buy the euro. The decision was right and we are getting out of the euro. The euro continues to get weaker and the dollar stronger, we now decide to buy the dollar. This decision was also the right one and we are getting out of the dollar. The euro is getting stronger the dollar is getting weaker we decide to buy the euro. A short time later we realize that this decision was not the best. From my point of view there are some possibilities for improvement in the area of currency strength, for example in the representation of how much a currency changes within a certain period of time. However, the correct way of looking at currency strength brings additional benefits that a trader can use to their advantage. I myself use different currency strengths in my charts, which often help me. However, I admit that I only keep an eye on the strength of the currency every now and then. I would never use the currency strength individually to get a market entry. However, it often helps me to stay in the market a little longer in order to make a little more profit. Now we come to my promised dashboard, with different currency strengths and additional, interesting tools that you can download. First you have to go to my blog at Forex Factory, I link the page in my descriptions on YouTube.

This is about the post with the number 1472 on my blog. If you scroll down I will roughly explain the structure of my screens again and then we will come to my dashboard. In this post you will find all the explanations about this dashboard and the indicators, as well as a few auxiliary indicators for stop hunting. In addition to clear installation instructions, you will finally find the indicators including a template to download at the end. But please read through the text or have it translated into German. In the zip file you will find different currency strength indicators, with which you are able to calculate individual currency strengths. So you can easily determine the respective currency strength in all 28 different currency pairs. If you need help or what advantages Forex Factory has to offer, check out my video on the topic: Finding Similar Traders. There you will discover other interesting clues that will help you advance in future trading. By the way, when you are at Forex Factory, please pay attention to the members shown in the chart. ( hanover, FerruFx, Gvc, Erebus, Rafei, honestknave, FiatFap, Kang Gun; there are also many other creative programmers) They have programmed incredibly good and professional currency strength indicators that are just as good or even significantly better than all currency strength indicators that you can buy. The paid currency strength indicators are inferior in all areas to the free indicators that you can find on Forex Factory. Believe me, the best MT4 programmers can be found at Forex Factory. By the way, at Forex Factory there are almost 1 million members in the stocks, forex and future sectors. At this point I would like to thank all active members of Forex Factory once again, who help many traders every day with their great work.

Let's draw a conclusion

Today I was only able to roughly show you the advantages of currency strength. We know the strength of the currencies is calculated from the price and ultimately the accuracy of the data depends primarily on your broker. Basically, all indicators give a retrospective view of what the price has caused and therefore have no more predictive value than the price itself. In addition, the predictive value depends on the strength of sentiment, which is determined by a number of different reasons. A price-based currency strength indicator is of course not able to take fundamental factors into account. In principle it is a very interesting tool that every trader can interpret individually. And it is precisely this interpretation that always determines success or failure. By the way, almost a year ago I posted my first video at YouTube, so we'll be talking about the future of trading next week.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading and look forward to seeing you again next week.

Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #1688 ---
Trading in the year 2050

Attached Image

Hello dear traders,

my 41st YouTube video is an anniversary video, so today we're going to take a look into the future to see how our technology could change in the next 30 years, both privately and in trading. Very interesting and exciting projects are just around the corner, which we can look forward to, but this could also lead to possible situations that we should then question critically if necessary. Of course, I'm not a clairvoyant who can foresee the future, so this is just fiction. In the end, the user always decides whether the things we are talking about make sense or not, if it comes to the point, that this technology conquers the market.

Inserted Video

The video is of course produced in 4K again and you can have the spoken text translated into English on YouTube. Of course I will translate the text for you later and post it here tomorrow at the latest.

I wish you a lot of fun watching it and a nice and relaxing weekend.

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1689 ---
Trading in 2050 with 3D DoM

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Hello dear algorithm traders,

As promised, I translated the content of my new video for you. You can find the video again at the end of the article

My 41st YouTube video is an anniversary video, so today we will take a look into the future to see how our technology could change in the next 30 years, both privately and in trading. Very interesting and exciting projects are just around the corner, which we can look forward to. But this could also lead to possible situations that we should then question critically if necessary. Of course, I'm not a clairvoyant who can foresee the future, so this is just fiction. In the end, the user always decides whether the things we are talking about make sense or not, if it comes to the point that this technology conquers the market.

First of all, I created this trading channel to accelerate my own development process. Since, of course, I don't know everything, detailed research is often necessary, so I force myself to absorb very in-depth knowledge and understand it. The subsequent task of presenting the relevant facts in the video as simply as possible results in interesting projects that help me to penetrate even deeper into the market. It is a kind of turbo for my own absorption of knowledge, with the advantage of developing creative ideas for my future from this knowledge. I uploaded my first YouTube video almost a year ago, and I never thought that so many people would be interested in it. 40 videos with 23,644 views and a playback time of 3,200 hours - that's a hell of a lot in the small market niche of algorithms profiling. Incidentally, a total of 476 subscribers follow me. I find it amazing that my videos have appeared almost 200,000 times in the form of impressions so that a YouTuber clicks on them. First of all I would like to thank all followers for the positive feedback, confirmations and of course creative ideas. In the last few months I have been able to get to know great people, professional programmers and very successful traders, for which I would like to take this opportunity to thank all of you in particular. My aim is not to reach 100,000 followers, that would also be unrealistic, as there are only 50,000 forex or future traders in Germany. Algorithm profiling is only interesting for a very special target group, which is why I see this channel as a kind of elite circle, where crazy traders like me come together.

Today we don't want to talk about whether beaming or time travel will be realistic in the future, but rather deal with topics that may not be that far removed from us. My first cell phone still cost 2,500 DM and at the time I paid 6,000 DM for the car phone. The cell phones then became smaller and smaller and of course cheaper. That was 30 years ago. Believe it or not,  progress will accelerate again in the next 30 years. We are already working on autonomous vehicles, because in the future many drivers will no longer feel like standing in traffic jams for hours. A traffic control system in the city should provide a remedy, which gives each road user individual speed recommendations in order to save the driver a waiting time at the traffic lights. In addition, the system is even able to tell the driver how long it will be before the traffic light turns green again. If this information is sent directly to the autonomous vehicle, we could be spared long waiting times in the medium term.

The Yellow Pages used to be used in book form and Windows had to be installed with a DVD. Today everything runs over the Internet and it is much faster and more efficient. A single Google search runs over 2000 servers on 2-3 continents. That is a clear difference compared to the yellow pages. Large amounts of data were stored on external hard drives, these are increasingly being replaced by cloud-based storage. The cloud means something like: External work on other people's computers. Saving data in the cloud has advantages that cannot be denied: Whatever you copy into such a data cloud, ideally is then always and everywhere available. So you can show grandma the family photos on her television or in a conference hotel you can quickly call up the presentation that you have prepared in the office. We use the cloud every day without noticing. Our e-mails are in a cloud, the photos from the iPhone and also Netflix or Prime are provided by a cloud. With Google Maps we always find the right way, even with Spotyfy we don't care where the music is, it's all about the access rights that entitle you to listen to music. Anyone who has concerns about security should no longer query their bank details via the cloud in the future. That means we already trust the cloud more than we realize. But that is only the beginning.

It is possible that in a few years we will be handling our entire infrastructure via the cloud. That means our servers, networks and even complex storage infrastructures are completely in the cloud. Theoretically, we would then no longer need any hardware, but basically just a kind of browser that brings us to the cloud. This would make expensive processors, graphics cards and RAM memory a thing of the past and the computer as we know it today would become extinct. The cell phones would also get by without hardware. The prerequisite would of course be an almost latency-free Internet. You can then build your own infrastructure within seconds, access high-quality hardware and software and merge different apps without programming knowledge. Small companies could then afford high-quality software. A complete company network with servers, routers and switches is set up in the cloud within seconds and can be expanded at any time. This allows different people in different locations to work in the same program at the same time. The greatest advantage, however, is to use the resources as required. In addition, artificial intelligence will play a very important role in the future, especially in the cloud sector; we are already familiar with self-learning AI in the area of speech recognition.

Imagine that: two authors are writing a book at the same time and real-time editors correct the errors immediately in the background. Scientists from around the world are working together on a drug via the cloud at the same time. In this way, for example, vaccines or even a cancer drug could be developed much faster and more effectively. New vehicles or spaceships that are designed could be immediately created as a prototype using a quantum computer. This could significantly reduce the development time. In the future, we could use the cloud to make real-time phone calls in all languages or even speak to one another. The AI immediately translates all languages. There will probably be no more letters in the future either. The functions of Smart Home will also improve significantly in the future, not only heating, light, alarm system and electricity can be controlled while on the go, the refrigerator orders new goods, the flowers are watered automatically.  And when you are abroad, to monitor the apartment you only use an app. The heating goes down and the lights turn off as soon as you leave the apartment. In the future, the kitchen will also automatically prepare our meals for us. It is practically like having your own domestic help who always looks after the right thing.

Many things will also change in the stock market area. Just as there is only one Forex market, all exchanges will join forces in the future and move their entire infrastructure to the cloud. The number of brokers will be extremely reduced and the broker will become a service provider who even offers algorithms or order strategies developed in-house. This will significantly reduce the costs for spread, fees or commissions. This creates a number of advantages for the retail trader. He can see his previously configured screen on any PC, iPad or mobile phone and work individually with his settings. He can change his broker or his stock exchange software within a few minutes. Since theoretically every market participant has the same latency times in the cloud, there are artificial time blocks. These time blocks can be reduced by higher fees in order to achieve faster market entry. Similar to the way certain big players come together, there will also be trader groups in the retail sector in order to have a chance against the larger market participants. The cloud makes the exchange even faster and more opaque for many participants. Due to the fact that trading is primarily based on algorithms, the candlestick charts will become less and less important. There will be new algorithm charts that give participants even deeper market insights.

The future DoM and the time and sales list will bring deeper insights into a 3-D animation that can be individually filtered. As you can see, with this 3D DoM you are able to absorb 33% more information in the same time. If you can do this and interpret this information correctly, you can significantly increase your profit rates. Market technology and volume trading are being replaced by trading algorithms. However, we should be aware that the big players will always be one step ahead of us in the future. In a few years there will be regular trading of sophisticated algorithms that will also bring retail traders considerable advantages in certain situations. Quants and programmers who know about it will make millions in the future. The algorithms make the trader of the future more and more of a tracker. Those who can best identify these algorithms will be successful as a trader. New data glasses make it possible to show virtual, interactive 3D objects in the real environment as if they were actually physically present. This means that there will be no screens in the future. With these glasses, a trader can theoretically go public for a short time in his mobile home or with friends without disturbing anyone. Possible applications are the modeling of 3D objects directly on the desk or games that combine the real world with virtual elements.

The future could possibly be very exciting, because not only does the stock market benefit from it, but also people. In the medical sector in particular, doctors could also perform operations around the world using robotic arms via the cloud. With new washing machines we will reduce our water consumption by up to 90% in the future. Nylon balls are used for cleaning, which attract dirt particles like a magnet. Just as there is a printer in almost every household nowadays, in the future it will be a 3-D printer that can print everything from egg cups, tool boxes, Star Wars figures to individual shapes. There may also be contact lenses with a zoom function. This visual aid consists of a series of telescopic lenses that were originally developed for flying drones. They allow the wearer to instantly switch between normal vision and triple magnification at the blink of an eye. In the future, drones will have more tasks. In addition to delivering packages, drones could even examine bridges or buildings, inspect pipelines from the air, explore unaccessible areas or even save lives. Roads could be covered with solar cells in the future. These glass road pavements not only provide electricity, but can also illuminate themselves, display markings or keep the streets free of ice. We can already charge our cell phone freely via induction. Perhaps one day it will also be possible to send our normal electricity to consumers via the radio network. That would save us the annoying cables. Imagine the electric cars would charge while driving. The cloud could possibly even be the transmitter for this.

But in addition to all the relief, the cloud also brings with it dangers. 89% of Android apps and 39% of iOS apps require access to private information. These apps send our data to cloud servers to both boost the performance of the application and to store our data for advertising. Of course, big data companies claim that they would not store our data for long or use it in a malicious way. As soon as we accept their terms, which incidentally we rarely read, our private data is no longer private. This data is then in the cloud. This cloud is neither tangible nor can we, as data providers, fall back on it. We get access to applications that might make our life easier or better, but what actually happens to our data? Of course, one could argue that a large company can spend more money on cloud security than a single person could. Nevertheless, a method would have to be developed that does not require the storage of personal data. One could create algorithms that work locally instead of being mixed with other data sets in a centralized manner. Of course, you can't expect that from companies like Google, who live from data collection. That is why there will be companies in the future that offer a special cloud private sphere. The cloud isn't dangerous, but it's the excuse and tool that enables the bulk collection of our personal data.

Perhaps after seeing my contribution some of them will be secretly happy that they will retire in 20 or 30 years at the latest so as not to have to experience this situation. But we all know that the future is a creeping development process that does not come overnight, but that develops very slowly. And when the stock markets change, we have to be ready to change us too, because changes only benefit those who are prepared for them. Of course I can't say whether it will get better if it changes, but I can say that much, it has to change if it is to be good.

Inserted Video

I wish you all the best in trading and keep my fingers crossed for you.

Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #1690 ---
EA (Expert Advisor)

Attached Image

Hello dear traders,

Today's post is about Expert Advisor who promise huge returns for many traders. First we will look at how these EA's are structured and examine their advantages and disadvantages. Then I'll show you how some sellers tune their paid EA's in order to sell them. We are also examining the use of EA's by the big players and looking at the position of the programmers.

Inserted Video

The video is of course produced in 4K again and you can have the spoken text translated into English on YouTube. Of course I will translate the text for you later and post it here tomorrow at the latest.

I wish you a lot of fun watching it and a nice and relaxing weekend.

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1691 ---
EA Expert Advisor

Hello dear subscribers,

as promised, I translated the content of my new video for you. You can find the video again at the end of the article.

Today's post is about Expert Advisors who promise huge returns for many traders. First we will look at how these EA's are structured and examine their advantages and disadvantages. Then I'll show you how some sellers tune their paid EA's in order to sell them. We are also examining the use of EA's by the big players and looking at the position of the programmers. Expert Advisors, also known as EA, are automated trading systems written in the MQL4 and MQL5 programming languages. They are designed to automate trading activities and can be programmed to notify the trader when a trading opportunity arises. Alternatively, EA's can also carry out all of your activities automatically. Order orders are then sent directly to the server, and values for Stop Loss, Take Profit and Trailing Stop are managed and adjusted. EA's follow different rules to find the right times for market entry and exit.

This can reduce emotional trading decisions to zero, which are often responsible for wide-ranging mistakes. Thus, an EA can provide an emotional stability that could hardly be achieved with human decision-making. In addition, an EA has the ability to evaluate several parameters at the same time, which the human brain would not be able to do. EAs use technical indicators to make a decision. Many factors can be taken into account in this decision, although these must be precisely specified beforehand by the programmer. The EA then implements these decisions in concrete terms, without resorting to emotions. Another important aspect is that the computer always adheres to the trading system once it has been set up, without ifs or buts. An EA is able to act around the clock, offers objectivity and distance. He does not have the negative traits of a trader such as impatience, fear, vengefulness, greedily stressed or tired. However, there are also some restrictions to be aware of when trading EAs. Robots are unable to make intelligent or important decisions. They have no understanding of the market, cannot understand or react to basic data. Likewise, they cannot adapt to unexpected market conditions.

An EA is only as reliable as the quality of the coding. Incorrect coding can lead to unexpected time delays and a small mistake can lead to unpredictable events. When a trader hires a programmer to write an EA for him, it often has consequences. If the EA works at the beginning, the trader is of course the hero, as he has provided the specifications for it. If the EA doesn't work properly after that, of course it's the programmer's fault. Basically, a programmer can of course only program what is communicated to him. Of course, there are also programmers who interpret certain things differently or who do not set up programs in a way that is resource-efficient. In addition, the human brain is able to act intelligently and flexibly. It can recognize complex patterns, weigh several contradicting factors at the same time and adapt to extreme conditions. An EA does not have these capabilities. Most EA's are programmed very simply and primarily follow the approaches of the big players less. This is also logical, since a retailer can enter and exit the market relatively quickly and usually does not work with iceberg orders. Many EAs only relate to indicators that track price. On the one hand, these are easy to program and are less based on an adequate understanding of price behavior.

Data mining and back testing is a major threat in the EAs area. Many assume that what was profitable last year will continue to be so. Over the past few years I have analyzed a few 100,000 candles and found that no identical patterns occurred. Theoretically, an EA should work the same in all markets or realize similar profits. And that is precisely what is not the case. It should also be noted that trend following systems are less popular in the area of EAs due to their low profit rate. It becomes problematic in the equilibrium, since these systems do not work there. Newcomers and beginners prefer a quick and constant profit, especially in the field of EAs, the sellers of EA's have long since understood this and are in tune with it. Added to this is the curious stopping of most market participants, always below the last low or above the last high. These are almost always caught by the big players, which makes it even more difficult to program a profitable EA. Due to the high frequency traders and big players with their algorithms, the market structures change considerably. These factors lead to subtle changes in price behavior, which also dilutes the effectiveness of EAs. Another problem is that you can't implement psychological factors into an EA. That would be important, however, since the stock market is based exclusively on psychological aspects.

First of all, we should ask ourselves why the big players don't work with successful EAs. Every year you have to pay many millions for your analysts, traders and computer experts. A successful EA could save them a lot of money with it. Believe me, a lot of experiments have already been run in this area, where the best mathematicians, physicists, economists and programmers have been involved. But if you compare the risk with the profit, it is cheaper for the big players not to rely on fully automatic EAs. We should think about that. Of course, the big players work with algorithms, which are, however, controlled by hand and monitored by the traders at the same time. However, these algorithms cannot be compared with the conventional price-based EAs. Perhaps some will now argue that the high frequency traders work with fully automatic algorithms. That's right, but arbitrage trading in this area is a completely different topic that cannot be compared with normal trading, as the risks are significantly lower there. It is interesting to note that most of the retail EAs that are sold operate at a high profit rate and low CRV as most buyers are looking for quick and consistent income. But personally, I don't like the way these EAs are advertised and sold. Let's see how easy the scammers work.

We take a moving average, a MACD and an RSI. Now we are trying to coordinate these three indicators with one another in such a way that future and profitable trading directions result from them. We now create these orders as an EA, which generates automatic entries and exits, provided that the criteria we have created are met. We are now doing different backtestings. We use different ASSETS from the area of stocks, currencies or indices. If the return is low or negative, we simply adjust our criteria and the programming again and let the backtestings run until it fits. Let us now assume, that we carried out six different backtestings and there were six different results. Then of course we take the best average monthly result and look at it carefully on a monthly basis. We recognize the first half of the year was a zero number, in the second half of the year the positive return averaged 8% per month. Now we take October, November and December as a basis. This results in an average return of 30%. Now we run our back testing again exactly during this period and of course achieve unbelievable returns. Let's look at an example that I found on the Internet. The participant started with no less than ten euros, let the EA run for four months and in the end won 1 billion euros. If that's not convincing. Of course, he also produced a detailed video so that everyone can see exactly how strategically and precisely the EA is working. Because of this advertising there are some traders who want exactly this EA.

At the end we see the overall result. If this Super Expert Adviser costs € 500 once and 2000 traders fall for it, then the seller has not earned 1 billion but at least 1 million. In fact, it seems tempting to borrow $ 10 from Grandma, then start the EA for four months, and in the end you can retire with $ 1 billion. Incidentally, if you were to use the same EA in other assets or change the period in EURUSD, the returns would look completely different. As we saw earlier in his EA video, some 30,000 lots were traded within a few seconds. In euros, US dollars, 20 million lots are traded every day; that's 14,000 lots per minute. If someone goes into the market with 30,000 lots, that's double the minute turnover in EURUSD and in the futures market that's even 15% of the total daily turnover. Incidentally, 30,000 lots corresponds to sales of € 3 billion.

Firstly, you would immediately attract attention with € 3 billion and the big players would get the volume; secondly, it is questionable whether you will even get an execution with this volume, thirdly, there is no broker who will provide you with a margin, fourthly, we forget about it often the spread, requotes or slippage and fifthly the prices or the candles are random, ie there are no clear patterns in this area. Thus, all subsequent prices or candles are again purely random and cannot be identified using a clear pattern. However, the programming within an EA is based on internal patterns. From my point of view, these factors have to be considered if you want to work with EAS.

Because of this, I am very skeptical of the EAs. Let's imagine that you are trading profitably in the long term. Now start to write down which factors have to come together in order for you to enter the market, how the market has to behave so that you remain in the trade and in the end what has to happen in order to exit the trade. If you write down all of these things carefully, you will find that your many and varied criteria could never be built into an EA. And why? Because there are just too many things that you pay attention to in trading at the same time. Nevertheless, I could imagine that the EAs could also help us in retail in the long term. But only if they show us possible entry points that enable profitable trading. However, it should still be up to the trader to decide whether to enter this trade or not. These hybrid EAs could inform the trader of things that he is unable to see.

The price and the candles are the effect, the cause lies in the market orders that run into the limit orders. Most EA s only access the effects, if you are already programming an EA, you have to realize this in the area of the causes. So consider the DoM and time and sales list as well as the spoofing data. The effect, i.e. the price, the candles and indicators do not bring you anything. The reason lies in the law of causality. Causality means that there is a clear cause-effect relationship between variables. Unfortunately, there are only effects in the forex market. I will go into this again in a special video. By the way, I recommend C ++ as the programming language, as it can implement the fastest implementation in this area.

As it stands, most EAs seem to put money into the sellers' pockets more than whoever is using them. Then honestly, if I invent a machine that predicts the lottery numbers, why should I sell this machine? Well, there's really only one good reason to sell this machine if it doesn't work. This is exactly why I would always recommend a beginner to invest a few years in order to learn trading properly and professionally instead of relying on a machine that firstly you don't know how it works and secondly you can never be sure how long it works. I would never buy an EA myself, because the EA don't understand the basics of the market and he can never make his own decisions. However, this is a crucial point in order to have a chance at all on the stock exchange markets.

To the left of the chart you can see the heartbeat of a trader who is currently opening a trade. Within a short time the heartbeat increases by almost 40%. Depending on the situation, it can also be significantly higher. A good reason to take a closer look at the topic of health in trading, because there are 1000 diseases, but only one health.

Inserted Video

I wish you a very successful trading week.

Kind regards Micha

--- 帖子 #1692 ---
Healthy and fit in trading

Attached Image

Hello dear traders,

In today's post you will get some tips on how to stay healthy and fit in everyday trading. We talk about how to avoid back problems, get fewer headaches, concentrate better on the market and of course also about the dangers of CO2 when trading. I will show you how you can control your heartbeat on the computer screen and how you can possibly improve your health values. With a few tricks you can achieve a lot with little effort.

Inserted Video

The video is of course produced in 4K again and you can have the spoken text translated into English on YouTube. Of course I will translate the text for you later and post it here tomorrow at the latest.

I wish you a lot of fun watching it and a nice and relaxing weekend.

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1693 ---
Healthy and fit in trading

Hello dear subscribers,

In today's post you will get some tips on how to get healthy and fit through everyday trading. We talk about how to avoid back problems, get fewer headaches, concentrate better on the market and of course also about the dangers of CO2 when trading. I will show you how you can control your heartbeat on the computer screen and how you can possibly improve your health values. With a few tricks you can achieve a lot with little effort. The tips I mentioned are for entertainment purposes only and are not to be understood as medical advice. Basically, I always recommend following the advice or recommendation of your doctor. A few years ago there was a worldwide statistic that showed that only about 20% of the world's population is really healthy. Most of them are not necessarily terminally ill, but neither are they healthy. I found that terrifying. In addition to back pain, depression and iron deficiency, there are many other things that limit our lives considerably. A family spends around € 100 per month on health, which is only around 4% of household income. We humans want to live as long as possible, which is why one should also invest in one's health, which is not always related to the issue of money. The fact is that humans consist of what they eat, drink and how they move. For this reason, in addition to money, you should also invest the appropriate time in your health.

Maybe you know the rule of three. Humans can survive 3 minutes without air, 3 days without water and 3 weeks without food. Let's start with the CO2 first. Carbon dioxide is a chemical compound of carbon and oxygen with the empirical formula CO2. In high concentrations this gas can be toxic to humans. Outside there is a CO2 value of around 450 ppm (part per million). In closed rooms, especially in winter, the value can increase significantly. Carbon dioxide dissolved in the blood activates the breathing center of the brain in a physiological and slightly increased concentration, which means that the brain receives too little oxygen. This is a common occurrence in closed rooms, you get tired and get severe headaches. For values below 800 ppm the air quality is rated as good, values between 800 and 1500 ppm are considered moderate and above 1500 ppm the indoor air quality is considered low. Then at the latest you should ventilate. When I was trading I often forgot about that and it made me tired, unable to concentrate and got a headache more quickly. For this I bought a CO2 measuring device that informs me about the current values at any time and even warns me acoustically above a certain limit value. The test winner at Stiftung Warentest is available from 70 €, an investment that has paid off for me. Since then, my concentration has increased and headaches are a thing of the past.

One of the main reasons for migraines and headaches is dehydration. No wonder, because the brain consists of 95% water. The next time you have a headache attack, it is better to drink a liter of water than to take the pain reliever immediately. We often confuse feelings of hunger and thirst and eat instead of drinking. It can be seen that the cravings are significantly less if you drink enough throughout the day. Our synovial fluid decreases over time. This can result in disc problems, rheumatism, arthritis and back pain. Having enough water keeps our joints supple. Water brings us more beautiful skin because our metabolic processes function optimally. This means that more nutrients can be transported into the cells. When trading, you often forget to drink, which is why my cell phone reminds me every hour to drink a glass of water. So I get around 2.5 liters of water per day. The result: more energy and improved performance, which we need when trading.

With all the contradicting dietary recommendations, one often no longer knows what to eat. Healthy nutrition means: Enjoying a variety of foods! The top priority of a healthy diet is and remains: Eat varied and mainly plant-based foods. The more varied the diet, the lower the risk of deficiency symptoms. A healthy diet is extremely worthwhile. It not only provides you with all the nutrients you need to have enough energy for the day, but also a variety of vital substances that help you stay healthy or - if you are sick - get well again. The right diet has a direct effect on your well-being and your ability to concentrate.

Smoking is the most common cause of death in our industrialized countries, although there are still over 30% in Germany who smoke, but the number of smokers is declining. In 1990, 30% of the 12 to 17 year olds smoked, today it is only 10%. The side effects that smoking causes bring many other disadvantages as well. In addition to yellow fingers and teeth, the stench and annoyance from cigarette smoke is an unpleasant side effect. The nicotine in a cigarette increases the heartbeat by around 20-30%, i.e. a resting heart rate of 80 instead of 60. If you stop smoking and eat as much as before, you still gain weight. That is also logical, because an increased heartbeat leads to an increased consumption of calories. When I stop smoking, the increased heart rate is automatically reduced. In recent years, the e-cigarette has enjoyed great popularity. It's not healthy either, I cannot say whether it is healthier than smoking. According to some experts, the e-cigarette seems to contain fewer harmful substances than a conventional cigarette.It smells less and the cost is even 10 times less. If used correctly, the e cigarette can be a slow way to quit smoking, as you can change the nicotine content individually. Interesting that the big cigarette manufacturers first railed against e cigarettes and are now selling e cigarettes themselves. If you stop smoking, you will not only relieve your lungs, but also your heart.

Most traders pursue their activities on the stock exchange as a part-time job, which means that they have a busy main job and use their free time to learn to trade. A full-time trader obviously spends more time in front of the screens, either sitting all day or standing in front of a high table. Neither is good for our spine, because just walking or lying down ensures an even distribution of our body weight. Changing the sitting position also only provides a short-term remedy. Either you use a treadmill when trading, which is not very practical, or you put your legs on the desk, because raised legs are good for blood circulation. The right desk chair is also crucial. I myself use a typical gamer's chair, the prices for a good office chair are between 150 and 1000 €. You can find suitable reviews on the Internet.

By the way, people spend a third of their lives in bed, which is why I recommend you invest in this area in particular. The right mattress, pillow and duvet is the key to the right relaxation in order to be fit the next day. A very good mattress with 7 lying areas is not expensive. With a duvet, the heat distribution is crucial and the pillow should optimally support the neck. Find out more about it on the Internet. I have been using a sleep app for many years, which informs me about the most important factors in my sleep. Of course, it is clear to me that this information can only be approximate. Nevertheless, you can compare them with each other. Over the years, I was able to try out different scenarios in order to be optimally rested the next morning. I sleep much better when I have eaten less in the evening and exercised enough during the day. Then the next day I am much more concentrated and also more successful. It doesn't always have to be the expensive Apple Watch, there are also cheaper providers such as Fitbit, with which you can also make calls, the battery even lasts for a week and does not have to be charged every day. Of course, these fitness watches also record all sporting activities, which can then be evaluated individually. Whether walking, jogging, cycling, swimming, fitness or bodybuilding, what the right sport is, everyone has to decide for themselves. The only important thing is regular exercise in order to stay fit in the long term. According to the experts, you should take at least 17,000 steps a day, the average for German citizens is just 4,000 steps. Nevertheless, you can always do something preventive for your health.

The reason why many traders cannot break away from their screens is the fear of missing out. As a full-time trader, you should take regular breaks, especially after a previously defined series of losses. I've found a good solution to this and it's called OBS. This is a screen recording program that records all of my trading screens in my absence. This means that I can precisely analyze these times when I was not in front of the screen, even on the weekend. Incidentally, the program is free and can of course record in 4K. Part-time traders in particular can use it to record the market on a daily basis during their absence and analyze the market in their free time. The advantage is that everyone can watch the crucial trading hours without having to sit in front of the screen all day. If you feel like showing your heartbeat on your screen while trading, you can master this challenge with OBS. You may need a suitable fitness watch or a Bluetooth chest strap for this. It is also interesting to mention that the more trades a trader has made, the lower his heart rate will be when he places a trade. So it's just a matter of regular practice. Information on how to connect OBS to your fitness watch can be found in this post on Youtube.

Another headache factor has to do with our eyes, which are focused on the screen throughout the day. The older you get, the more common these headaches become. This has to do with the muscles in the eye that are responsible for focusing visual acuity. Presbyopia begins at the age of 45 and affects many people. Many years ago I had multifocal lenses inserted, now I can see 100% in both eyes until the end of my life. At the age of 57 I can recognize the smallest letters on my cell phone and even sit in front of the screen for up to 15 hours without having trouble concentrating or having a headache. A lot of things related to health can be found in the blood. The most important are, liver values, blood lipids, C-reactive protein, iron, blood sugar, total protein, uric acid and thyroid hormones. The small blood count determines the most important cell classes in the blood such as red and white blood cells, platelets or the red blood pigment (hemoglobin). The more complex "complete blood count" also contains a subdivision of the white blood cells. I would recommend checking these with your family doctor at certain intervals. This will prevent many future problems.

I am neither an extreme athlete, nor a vegan or vegetarian, but I try to eat healthily within a reasonable framework and do enough exercise. From my point of view, the most important thing is to drink enough water every day as it detoxifies our body. I rarely drink alcohol, maybe 1-2 glasses of wine a week. As a seconds scalper in algorithm trading, I complete up to 30 trades a day, for this I have to be absolutely focused and fit at my age. Trading is a passion for me, but not an addiction. I measure my success by strict adherence to my trading plan, not by the size of my trading profits. Since I am usually between 1-3 minutes in the trade, I have 1 hour of trading time per day. I invest the rest of the time on projects in order to generate even deeper market insights. Balance is the decisive goal, I try to avoid the factor "too many" or too few" and try to find a healthy middle ground if possible. Of course, I don't always succeed, but in the end the will is what counts. If you can't do what you want, you have to want what you can. Because to want what one cannot do, would indeed be unwise.

Inserted Video

I wish you every success that you achieve your goals in the future.

Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #1694 ---
Big player in the stock, forex and futures markets

Attached Image

Hello dear traders,

In today's post we talk about the biggest big players in the stocks forex and futures market. We look at the corresponding sales of the various assets and compare them with one another. Where are the biggest big players and why are they not so easy to identify in certain markets? Why is there a higher probability of winning in one market than in the other and how can you reduce your liability risk? Why do some big players avoid certain markets? These are just a few of the questions we are dealing with today

Inserted Video

The video is of course produced in 4K again and you can have the spoken text translated into English on YouTube. Of course I will translate the text for you later and post it here tomorrow at the latest.

I wish you a lot of fun watching it and a nice and relaxing weekend.

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1695 ---
Hello dear subscribers

At this point I would like to thank you all again for your great support, your great ideas and opinions. I am very proud that there are so many great people on this blog who are ready to help others. Thanks a lot for this.

I wish you all a great weekend and continued success in retail.

--- 帖子 #1696 ---
Big players in the equity, currency and futures markets

Hello dear subscribers,

In today's post we talk about the biggest big players in the stocks forex and futures market. We look at the corresponding sales of the various assets and compare them with one another. Where are the biggest big players and why are they not so easy to identify in certain markets? Why is there a higher probability of winning in one market than in the other and how can you reduce your liability risk? Why do some big players avoid certain markets? These are just a few of the questions we are dealing with today.

I've spoken to a lot of traders over the past few months and I've noticed a few things that I'm going to talk about today. There is still a huge gap between forex CFDs and future traders. From the point of view of some future traders, CFD traders are pure indicator traders who have little idea of the actual market process. Even as a staunch Forex trader, I cannot share this assumption. As a rule, a beginner actually starts trading CFDs and develops into a future trader over the years. First of all, we should know that we only trade with probabilities in the stock futures and forex markets. Now we turn our attention to the profit probabilities in the individual markets. We discover some interesting aspects. In the stock market the loss rate is 91%, in the forex market 90% and in the future market 80%. What is striking here is that a clear, dramatic loss rate is evident in all three markets. In the stock market, the profit threshold quota is around 5%, these are participants who achieve neither losses nor profits in the long term. In the forex and futures market, the profit threshold rate is also 5%. The results are diffrent, when it comes to the profit ratio, in the stock market it is 4%, in the forex market 5% and in the futures market even 15%. This means that the profit rate in the futures market is three times higher than in the forex market and even four times higher than in the stock market. Where do these big differences come from?

The stock market is one of the most difficult markets in the world because it is where most high-frequency traders are up to mischief, there is little liquidity in the limit orders and this automatically results in higher volatility. In addition, you need very special knowledge, especially in the area of business figures such as balance sheets and much more. There are many unfair brokers in the forex market, and price manipulation is still taking place abroad. Likewise, high spreads prevent a reasonable profit ratio. The decisive factor, however, lies in the lack of volume, which does not give the trader any insight into the depth of the market. At first glance, this speaks absolutely in favor of trading in the futures market, but there are also decisive points that speak against it. First of all, there is a disproportionately high liability risk in the futures market. With a Black Swan, the risk per one lot is around € 25,000 with which you can run into the red. This minus must then be compensated. In the forex market, this liability is limited to the account balance. You can trade with microlot in the futures market, but this is not recommended for beginners as they can trade from 0.01 lot in the forex market. The account size in the futures market should also be at least € 20-30,000. In order to generate a deep market insight, professional software and a corresponding data feed are required. This may cost an additional 1000 € per year. In addition, the price movements in the futures market are not as finely tuned as in the forex market. This makes it difficult to identify crucial price ranges, especially when scalping. Likewise, there is no currency strength in the future market that we have often talked about in my videos.

The largest asset in the stock market is the Apple share, in the forex market the EURUSD is the leading player and in the future market the S&P. We compare the Apple share in the stock market and in the forex market, the S & P in the forex and future market and the EURUSD in the forex market with the euro FX in the future market. Apple shares a daily volume of 65 million, with a price of $ 121. That's equivalent to a daily turnover of $ 8 billion. With an average lot value of € 100,000, Apple shares would trade 80,000 lots per day. The S&P Future has a volume of 2 million per day with a contract value of 20,000. This corresponds to a daily turnover of $ 40 billion and the averaged lot value is 400,000. The S&P in the Forex market has a volume of 3 million with a contract value of 20,000, which corresponds to a turnover of 60 billion. The averaged lot value is 600,000. The Euro FX in the futures market has a volume of 200,000 with a contract value of $ 125,000. This corresponds to a daily turnover of $ 25 billion, the averaged lot value here is 250,000. The euro US dollar in the forex market reaches a volume of 23 million with a contract value of $ 100,000. This corresponds to a sales volume of $ 2.3 trillion or 23 million lots. Let's compare the number one in the Forex market with the number one in the futures market.

While 400,000 lots are traded daily in the S&P Future, the euro US dollar comes to 23 million lots. The total volume is almost 60 times larger. Now let's look at the distribution of the 100 largest big players in these markets. The 100 largest big players have a turnover share of over 80% in the euro US dollar. That means on average each of these big players trades 183,000 lots per day. The 20 largest big players achieve a 40% share of sales. On average, each of these big players trades 460,000 lots per day. This means that the remaining 80 big players still achieve an average turnover of 100,000 lots per day. In the S&P, the distribution rates are not quite as extreme as in the euro US dollar. On the one hand, this is due to the fact that the S&P predominantly has a large number of institutional traders who are more evenly distributed in their capital structure. Of course, for us retail traders, an institutional trader is big, who trades $ 360 million a day in the S&P. But these institutional traders are small compared to the real big players in the euro US dollar.

The 20 largest big players in the euro US dollar are able to trade the entire turnover of the S&P per day. I believe that you can see that it would make no sense for such a big player to act in the S&P. This is roughly comparable to when we go to a casino to win at the ATM and have a few million with us. The machine would not be able to process that much money that day. Let's take a look at a graphical size comparison. The share of EURUSD in the total forex market is 29%. The USDJPY comes in at 14%, the GBPUSD at 9%, the AUDUSD at 6%, the USDCAD at 5% and the USDCHF at 4%. In 15th place comes the USDCNY with a share of 0.5%. And that is exactly the size of the S&P in the futures market. So far this was probably not so well known because there is no real volume in the forex market.

As we know, the foreign exchange market was founded many decades ago so that banks could operate independently of the stock market and at very low cost. The banks have not thought of opening up this market to private investors one day. Likewise, the origin of the futures markets did not actually lie in speculating on the market as a whole with greater leverage. Futures markets were only used, to secure a price today that could be bought or sold in a few weeks or months. This was particularly important in the area of raw materials and also for crop failures in wheat. This has changed significantly to this day, since with futures and derivatives, short-term speculation is increasingly in the foreground.

The question that arises: does the futures market influence the foreign exchange market or does the foreign exchange market influence the future market? If someone buys arithmetically massive DAX futures, the DAX is initially not automatically affected. Because the DAX is the arithmetical result from the prices of the 40 stocks listed in it. But what would happen if the DAX future rose by 100 points but the DAX itself did not? And it is precisely these differences that are permanently balanced out using what is known as arbitrage. Large arbitrage traders take advantage of these differences at lightning speed. And so the futures markets and the strike prices on which the futures contracts are denominated are inextricably linked. And it is precisely for this reason that S&P Future and Forex, for example, have almost tick-accurate, parallel courses. This makes it possible to use exchange data from the Euro FX to make clear predictions for the EURUSD currency market. But which market influences which one?

If we compare the Apple stock in the future market with the Apple stock in the forex market, the turnover in the cash market is less important. Therefore, the future market will clearly be the driving force here. The turnover in the S&P Future and Forex market is similar, so both markets will influence each other equally. The cash market is the clear leading factor in EURUSD. Of course there are also influences from the futures market, but this is immediately offset by the arbitrage. The fact is that the markets influence each other, which should also be taken into account in trading. The main reason why I only trade the EURUSD in the forex market is the clear distribution of sales among the 20 largest big players. These big players rarely get in each other's way because they know exactly what the other is up to. This inadvertently creates a joint consortium of big players who are thus heading in a common direction. That enables me to identify the big player even better.

In my charts I use specially programmed limits to show me exactly the limit orders that will be relevant in the future. We see that the big players collected bids on the high with larger limit sell orders. The price was pushed down a bit and the bid collection was continued within the new equilibrium. Now the price has been pushed down again and we can see that this time bids were still being collected in two different equilibrium zones. At first there was a little stop hunting, then the course was pushed down. There was once again a short post-buy in the limit sell area and then larger limit buy orders were used, with which the big players got out of their dollar position. In principle, the process is always the same.

A little tip, I know some market participants who basically filter the 1 lot of sales out of the Time in Sells list, because they are insignificant from their point of view. Interestingly, the big players are precisely those who use these 1 lot orders massively within their cumulative orders to push the market in a certain direction, or to include corresponding stops by retailers with their limit orders. Here we see a cumulative market buy order with 11 lots. In the individual display within the Times and Sales list, 75% of this order consists of 1 lot contracts. The cumulative market order with 15 lots consists of 50% 1 lot contacts. And last but not least, a market sell order with 22 lots, which contains nine individual 1 lot contacts. It is precisely these 1 lot of contacts that are used in the market order area in order to be more difficult to identify in the market. In this overview, 121 lot market buy and market sell orders came into the market within 3 minutes, all of which were of course also taken up by limit orders. The number of contacts in the limit area that was interesting for me was only 48 lots. This is important in order to find out what the big players are collecting more. We have talked about this many times in my videos.

For me, a very decisive advantage in the forex market is the higher volatility within the candles, as the futures market moves 7-10 times less in the same period. As a result, significantly more information is passed on within my Bionic candle that helps me in daily trading. Since the beginning of the corona crisis, the big players have started carrying out various experiments in the EURUSD. As we know, your biggest disadvantage is that you often have to collect Ask or Bid for hours or days that can only be made possible by very complex stophuntings. In the last few months, new and interesting strategies have been developed, which have been backed up with appropriate algorithms. We will take a closer look at the strategies they use to carry out their collection campaigns in one of my next videos.

Inserted Video

I wish you a great and relaxing weekend, next week a lot of success in retail and I look forward to seeing you again soon.

Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #1697 ---
Reasons for Algorithm Profiling

Attached Image

Hello dear traders,

In today's post we talk about why it is important to perform algorithm profiling. We use an example to analyze the average sequence  of a big player collection, up to and including the exit. Likewise, I'll show you the clear benefits of algorithm profiling and why this is the future. Most traders dream of the holy grail, but in the field of algorithms, we are getting very close to this holy grail. We know: on the stock exchange there is only compensation for pain and suffering - first comes the pain, then the money! But for this you need an approach that is only used by a few market participants. This increases the probability of winning and gives us an enormous market advantage.

Inserted Video

The video is of course produced in 4K again and you can have the spoken text translated into English on YouTube. Of course I will translate the text for you later and post it here tomorrow at the latest.

I wish you a lot of fun watching it and a nice and relaxing weekend.

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1698 ---
Reasons for Algorithm Profiling

Hello dear subscribers,

As promised, I translated the content of my new video for you. You can find the video again at the end of the article.

In today's post we talk about why it is important to perform algorithm profiling. We use an example to analyze the average sequence of a big player collection up to and including the exit. I will also show you the clear advantages of algorithm profiling and why this is the future. Most traders dream of the holy grail, but when it comes to algorithms, we are getting very close to that holy grail. We know: on the stock exchange there is only compensation for pain and suffering - first comes the pain, then the money! But for this you need an approach that is only used by a few market participants. This increases the probability of winning and gives us an enormous market advantage.

I can still remember when I started trading in the forex market 12 years ago. One day I found an indicator that was relatively simple. It only produced a yellow and blue dot. So I did what had to be done. With the yellow dot, all you had to do was take a long position and wait. As soon as a blue point appeared, the long position should be left and a short position should be opened at the same time. Wow, I thought that’s so easy. As soon as a yellow point appeared, the short position had to be left and a long position had to be opened at the same time. And that's exactly, how one could happily deal with the individual zigzag zones all day long. From 6:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m., it would theoretically have been possible to achieve 160 pips times five lots, because you don't want to be too greedy. This results in a monthly income of € 200,000 for 25 trading days. At that time I was still thinking about writing an EA for it, otherwise I would not have had time to spend all that money, as many shops close at 8:00 p.m. How that ended in the end can of course be imagined by anyone. This was a repainted indicator, which although deposited a blue point, but also deleted it again if the price continued to rise. In principle, this indicator is like a defective watch, after all, this watch shows the correct time twice a day. Many years later I came across this indicator again in the futures market, but this is not an indicator that deletes the points or arrows that were once placed. At first glance this seems tempting, but on closer inspection in the M1, you would have incurred losses ten times in a row, which you would not have recovered in the subsequent downward movement.

Quite a few traders have reached their limits in search of the holy grail. The assumption arises again and again that there are recurring patterns in certain situations. But the truth is rather sobering. The fact is that unfortunately there are no samples in the price. There are also no patterns that are triggered by messages. There are no patterns in the candles, because the candle is a statistical coincidence that arises from time and price. Logically, there can be no patterns in the indicators, since an indicator in the Forex market mainly follows the price. Even in even price levels, we do not find any clear patterns. Also not in an equilibrium that 70% dominates the market. Not even in the all-important currency strength. Even if we analyze the exchange data from the futures market, we cannot find any clear patterns within the volume. The only last anchor left for us is the cathedral and the T&S list, but unfortunately I have to disappoint you, because there are no clear pattern sequences either. But there are clear patterns in the algorithms, i.e. in the orders with which the big players control their limit and market orders. The algorithms have different tasks, on the one hand to place actual orders and on the other hand, for example, to identify stops or to play an illusion on the market. In order to represent these algorithms, a time-consuming creativity is required to highlight certain factors. From this, clear patterns can be identified in the limit orders or the key candles can be displayed with my Bionic- candle. The fact is that there are clear patterns within my individually programmed tones. You can find more information on my channel. Samples are also available within spoofing, from which clear future price developments can be derived. Let's look at some examples of algorithm profiling so that it becomes clearer. To do this, we look at a process that takes place at an airport, which runs in the same way over and over again.

We see an empty airplane that has docked at the gangway, I would like to equate this with a big player entering the market. There are different factors to identify this market entry, such as a stronger increase in limit orders. When an aircraft is docked on the gangway, what conclusion can we draw from what will happen next? Well, most likely the passengers will be boarding in a moment. And that's exactly what happens then. Let us imagine that the passengers represent the orders that the big player collects within the equilibrium. We can recognize this in the market, for example, with specially filtered limit orders that are increasingly increasing on the ask or bid side. What will happen when all passengers are on board? Now the plane will go to the runway, as if we had suspected the plane was taking off. The big player has now completed its collection campaign and is starting to push the market. Not in the direction we expected, however. This can be recognized by the fact that the strength of certain limit orders is above average. When an aircraft has taken off, in most cases it has to make a 180 ° turn in order to clear the airspace at the airport. This is comparable to the stop hunting that the big player now carries out in order to stop the traders who are oriented in his profit direction. The strategy used for this is very interesting, which we will take a closer look at in my next video. Now the aircraft begins to climb in order to reach the necessary cruising altitude. In this phase, the big player begins to push the price towards profit. This can be seen from the pulling of the limit orders so that his market orders get through more easily.

On the flight there is now stronger turbulence, the pilot decides to fly under this turbulence and reduces the cruising altitude. In this situation, the big player decides to sell the push orders that he previously used to push the market in his profit direction. This creates a small pullback. This can be recognized, for example, by larger absorptions on the limit side, also known as stacking. The turbulence is over and the aircraft starts climbing again in order to reach its optimal flight altitude. After the pullback, the big player pushes the price back towards profit. We see this in the area of void execution, where sizes are permanently taken out of the market to make it easier for market orders to get through. The aircraft is now almost at its destination and starts to land. In this phase, the big player prepares for the exit, few push orders come from his side, there is hardly any stacking in the profit direction. After the plane has landed, the passengers now disembark. While most market participants are now moving strongly in the direction of the trend, the big player is taking the opportunity to get out of his positions with increased stacking. After the passengers have disembarked, the aircraft is cleaned and possibly even serviced. The big player has booked its winnings and may be out of the market. The number of limit orders is now falling significantly. Of course, it also happens that the big player gets involved again in a re-accumulation or distribution phase.

We have now seen a schedule for a big player. Each of these individual phases is accompanied by different algorithms that have been individually programmed for the respective situation. Each phase is an individual program that controls both the limits and the market orders. Each of these programs has individual patterns that appear again and again in the same sequences. Everyone can understand the following situation. When I enter the market, it would be a great coincidence if the big player entered the market at that very moment. So that will usually not happen. Now let's assume that I come into the market and realize that the big player is just starting his stop hunting. What is the advantage of this? First of all, I can use the patterns in the algorithms to check whether it is actually stop hunting before an outbreak. And now I have the decisive advantage that there is a high probability that I know what will happen next. However, I don't know the exact time yet. With the help of the algorithms, I can read out the point in time at which the big player begins to push the price towards profit and thus significantly increase my probability of winning.

Algorithms are not that easy to program, so it can be assumed that they will be used for many months before they may be optimized or changed. But you get that out relatively quickly and can adapt accordingly to the new situation. Precisely for this reason, one should work in markets that have an unevenly distributed share of financially strong big players in the upper range. You can find more information in my last video: Dominance of the big players. Most people at the airport do not even notice what is going on outside on the tarmac, while the tower has a complete overview of the airport. It is the same on the stock market - most market participants do not know what the big players are doing. So if you want to have the right overview, you have to sit in the tower. For me, this tower is a strategic algorithm profiling, in different market sequences. We have already talked about that.

I have already presented the identification of my special limit orders in many of my videos, this is a rough overview to see in which area you collect or exit. The bionic candle, the strength of the limit orders, pulling and stacking, sell and buy pressure, up to the currency strength are just some of the information that comes together on my 75 inch main screen. The sole aim is to increase the probability of winning through an effective assumption. Scalping is also very beneficial in this area. As Karl Meyer Rothschild put it so nicely: on the stock exchange you have to behave like bathing in cold water, jump in and quickly out again. One of the clearest goals that we are wrong with a trade is to feel right. And that's exactly why I prefer to rely on algorithm profiling. It's like a kind of navigation system to know exactly where we are. We will go even deeper into the field of algorithm profiling in the next few months. In my next post we will first talk about some as yet unknown big player strategies that have just been carried out as experiments in the EURUSD due to the corona crisis and are now increasingly being used.

Inserted Video

I wish you a great and peaceful weekend and I look forward to seeing you here again soon.

Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #1699 ---
Bionic Chart - The easiest forex navigation

Invitation to a large project at Forex Factory

Hello dear subscribers,

First of all, I would like to thank you all for your ideas, contributions and constructive statements with which you have supported this thread over the past few years. Since there were some uncontrolled inquiries and statements from people who were not subscribers to this thread, I have restricted write access to the high impact members. To be honest, I had no inclination or time to deal with people who wanted to disrupt this thread with their actions. Nevertheless, all subscribers could reach me at any time via PM.

As you know, I had the idea of a new candle display 6 years ago, which I made available to all traders free of charge here in my thread 2.5 years ago.

My idea of the Bionic candle has also been downloaded several thousand times. From my point of view, most traders do not know what opportunities this indicator contains and that is completely understandable because if you do not know the advantages exactly, such an indicator is worthless. When I developed this indicator, I didn't know what the potential was. In the last 30 months I have dealt with it very intensively together with some friends and I am ready to share my findings with you.

For this I started a big project and started a new thread:

Bionic Chart - The easiest forex navigation

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...6#post13748646

So that you get an idea of what exactly this is about, first take a look at my two videos that have been posted in this new thread. Write authorization is released in this thread for all participants who take part in it. The project will be exciting and challenging, you can get the exact information in my new thread.

I would be very happy if one or the other of you would participate. In my thread: Equilibrium, the key to success, everything stays as usual. Once a week I try to translate my German-spoken videos from YouTube into English especially for you. A stronger exchange will probably take place in the new project, where we will only talk about topics related to the Bionic Chart.

I look forward to seeing you in the new thread

Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #1700 ---
A big development, indeed! I just hope that you are not driven mad by the result of opening up the thread to all!

--- 帖子 #1701 ---
Hello Lem,

Thank you very much, I'm really looking forward to the upcoming process and I hope I don't regret it . Basically, I believe that if you treat each other in a constructive and fair manner, a lot of possible complications are limited from the outset. Of course there is always an idiot in a large sandpit who throws dirt at the others or takes the shovel away from them. We then take the shovel from this troublemaker, just put him out of the sandpit and he is no longer allowed to play. We already had one or the other example in my blog that we could solve elegantly together. One just have to react quickly and efficiently. 99% always work fairly and cooperatively with one another and will ensure that the sandpit stays clean. I wish you a successful trading week, best regards Michael

--- 帖子 #1702 ---
New strategies from the big players

Attached Image

Hello dear traders,

As promised in my last video, today the focus is on the approaches of the big players in the market. First of all, I would like to emphasize that I am only referring to the big players in the EURUSD currency market, as they are demonstrably the largest in the market. In recent years (especially during the Corona crisis), many experiments have been carried out in EURUSD, with the result that the largest big players have partially completely changed or adapted their future strategies. We will look at a few examples of this.

Inserted Video

The video is of course produced in 4K again and you can have the spoken text translated into English on YouTube. Of course I will translate the text for you later and post it the next few days.

I wish you a lot of fun watching it and a nice and relaxing weekend.

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1703 ---
New strategies from the big players

Hello dear traders,

As promised in my last video, today the focus is on the approaches of the big players in the market. First of all, I would like to emphasize that I am only referring to the big players in the EURUSD currency market, as they are demonstrably the largest in the market. In recent years, many experiments have been carried out in EURUSD, with the result that the largest big players have partially completely changed or adapted their future strategies. We will look at some examples of this. Before we go deeper into this topic, I would like to address a very important point that could be very interesting for you in the future. Three years ago I developed a new candle chart, which I have already presented on this blog.

It's about the Bionic Candle, which is more focused on the institutional approach to identify retailers' stops. This modern candle, adapted to the zeitgeist, provides seven times more precise information about the candle strength than the normal candle chart. In this way, you can specifically identify zones of how far a price runs in a certain direction. Likewise, possible turning points in the course can be identified in advance. The advantage of this is that I can plan my trades in advance and whether the resulting risk-reward ratio is worthwhile. The Bionic candle works in all time charts and you can of course continue to work with your usual setup. Since we haven't gathered all the advantages of the Bionic candle yet, I have set up a project group on the world's largest trader platform,  Forex Factory. At the beginning of this week the call went out and so far a lot of successful traders have signed up for this project. The videos in English that I specially produced for this purpose have been viewed over 3000 times in the last few days. This shows how interested traders are in this Bionic Candle. I would be happy to invite anyone of you who would like to take part in this project. Of course you will receive my new, developed bionic indicator for free, but it was only programmed for the MT4, as it does not give as precise information in the futures market as in the forex market.

Anyone who has seen my last videos has already been informed that the big players have to collect in the accumulation or distribution phases in order to then turn their orders into a profit. Within these accumulation or distribution phases, an equilibrium arises that 70% dominates the market. Only in 30% of all cases do stronger movements actually occur. First, let's look at a scenario in EURUSD. The price comes from above and an equilibrium now arises on the low, where the big player collects the euro in an accumulation phase. For this he needs Ask, which he takes primarily with his limit buy orders. Then there may be stop hunting and the price will be pushed up. Now an equilibrium arises again, where the big player collects further questions in a so-called re-accumulation phase. There may be another stophunting before an upward breakout. Now the price is being pushed further up and at this point more and more buyers are entering the market. The big player uses this opportunity to exit the euro position with his limit sell orders. Now an equilibrium arises again, with a distribution phase taking place there. That means the big player buys the dollar there. There may be another stop hunting before the course goes down. On the way down, the short traders are repeatedly taken out in a pullback. In the next equilibrium there will be a re-distribution phase, where the big player will continue to collect the dollar. In the now continuing downward movement, it is now gradually rising out of its dollar position. But there is not always a re-accumulation or re-distribution phase with the big players. Let's look at an example of this. The big player collects within an accumulation phase and pushes the course upwards. A few hours later he gets out of the euro and is out of the market. First of all, we have to know that in 80% of the cases that big players carry out a collecting campaign. This approach is very time-consuming and he also has to defend his acquired positions.

Perhaps you have already wondered why a course always zigzags. Let's take a look at what a big player usually doesn't do. First we see an accumulation in the equilibrium again with a subsequent stopfishing. After that, the course will be driven upwards. Up there, the big player would like to get out of his position in the best possible way, but that will not be possible and why we are looking at now. If a big player collects 500 Lot Ask in the accumulation phase, he must then push the price upwards. To do this, he will of course first place iceberg orders on the limit sell orders and withdraw them before pushing the price up with market buy orders. Nevertheless, he also needs 3-4 times as many ask to push the price up. At the high, the big player would now have 2500 lot bids, which he now has to sell to traders who believe in a further upward movement. Of course he will try to push the price down in order to then get the stops of the short traders to get out of the euro. But there is a small problem and that is the time, because it takes a few hours to collect 500 lots. That means it would take five times as long to exit.

For this reason, he tries to collect 500 Lot Ask in an accumulation phase and the 2000 lots he needs to push the price up are sold again and again along the way. That is also logical because these 2000 lots only result in an average profit, since he did not acquire them at the low. In addition, it would take him far too long to get out of 2500 lots. This is precisely why this approach does not pay off. It is best to get in on the low with 500 ask and get out on the high with 500 bid. And now let's see how it works best. Initially, 500 lots are collected in the accumulation phase. The course is pushed up. To do this, he has to shoot a certain number of asks into the market. Now the first stops of the short traders are triggered and drive the price further up. Now the big player is selling the ask that he used to push the market up. The 500 Lot Ask that he collected in the accumulation phase are not affected. Now the course is pushed down. This has two advantages, firstly he sells his ineffective ask and secondly he gets the long traders out of the market. He has to get the long traders out, because the moment they get out profitably, they would hold the market up.

And now the game starts all over again, press briefly upwards and then sell the ineffective ask. The game will now go on until either a massive number of long traders enter the market or enough short traders are stopped out for the big player to get out of his position. Of course, he could also push the price further up and try to get out of the equilibrium that then arises, but this is a great risk as the market could fall more sharply in this area. Let's take a look at an exemplary price trend. The rate is coming from above and we are seeing an exit from the dollar here. In the subsequent equilibrium, the euro is collected and then there is stop hunting. The rate is being driven upwards and the euro is being bought. Then there is another stop hunting because there were too many long traders in the market at this point. The price is going up again and the big player is getting out of the euro. Here we are now seeing an entry into the dollar and the rate will continue to be pushed up. Here, too, the dollar is still being collected, but the volume in the market is not always that high, so that the big player cannot collect as much bids here. Now we see a strong downward movement triggered by the long traders. In the subsequent equilibrium, the main collecting point takes place in the dollar area and the rate is now moving more sharply downwards.

Let's talk again about these three crucial movements and how they came about. In stop hunting, the big player initially invests a large number of market sell orders. These trigger the first stops of the long traders, which creates a downward chain reaction. At the low, the big player sells the dollar, which causes the price to rise massively again. With this approach, the big players take smaller and smaller partial profits with them. Here the big player sells his unneeded ask orders and also invests brand sell orders. At the low, the dollar is sold in the form of market orders, driving the market back up strongly. In the latter case, the big player pushes the price into the stops of the long traders with massive market sell orders. This creates a massive downward breakout. Here we can now see the main meeting point, where the big player collects another bid with limit sell orders. The market sell orders that he invested from the high to trigger the downside breakout are of course not sold because they are above the main focal point.

As I explained in detail, there are three basic strategies. We have already discussed collecting in the accumulation phase in great detail. The second option is to make volume available to yourself. This works very well, for example, with a currency exchange from a large customer or in which the big player opens a hedge position at the same time. Two big players were involved in this calculation, which is why each big player only gets 9,000 ticks per hour. The third possibility, here the price is simply pushed up and the market sell orders are sold in an upper equilibrium. This approach is not as efficient. In my research at the time, we were able to determine that collecting within an equilibrium phase and making self-volume available produced similar results. The reason why the big players are making more and more of their own volume available is the fact that they are on the market regardless of the volume. Because they need a high volume when they join and also when they exit. Let's us see how it works. The big player invests 1000 lot market buy orders which he accepts at the same time as his own 1000 lot limit sell orders. He pushes the price down and exits the dollar position at the low with limit buy orders. The big player is now pushing the price massively upwards, with the short traders being stopped out here. After that, the price slowly goes down and it is here that it collects more ask. Now he tries to push the price in the direction of profit, again the short traders are stopped. Here, too, there is a strong breakout candle, because everyone thought it was going short here. By the way, you can identify these zones beforehand with my Bionic candle. In the end, the big player got out of his euro position and made a good profit. In order to know what is happening in the market at any time, I work with specially created limit orders that inform me about the current situation.

In summary, it can be said that the big players are increasingly entering the market through their own liquidity that they make available. This saves you an enormous amount of time and you can make a profit much faster with this measure than with a normal collection campaign. We will of course talk more about these strategies over the next few months. Incidentally, I would be very happy if I could welcome one or the other of you to my project at Forex Factory.

Inserted Video

I wish you all the best in trading.

Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #1704 ---
Introduction to algorithm profiling

Attached Image

Hello dear traders,

My last videos gave you a deeper insight into my approach. In today's post we will talk about getting started with algorithm profiling, analyzing the pros and cons, and how you can potentially use this information for yourself. Basically, I would like to emphasize once again that I do not claim to be correct, as it is only my personal opinion. A trading setup always requires an individual approach that every trader has to find for himself.

Inserted Video

The video is of course produced in 4K again and you can have the spoken text translated into English on YouTube. Of course I will translate the text for you later and post it here.

I wish you a lot of fun watching it and a nice and relaxing weekend.

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1705 ---
Hi Michael

Very true - pity so few understand this and fall for all the "flashy/guru" stuff first.

Trade well / Mos

--- 帖子 #1706 ---
Introduction to algorithm profiling

Hello dear traders,

My last videos gave you a deeper insight into my approach. In today's post we will talk about getting started with algorithm profiling, analyzing the pros and cons, and how you can potentially use this information for yourself. Basically, I would like to emphasize once again that I do not claim to be correct, as it is only my personal opinion. A trading setup always requires an individual approach that every trader has to find for himself.

The stock market is over 600 years old and during that time millions of different approaches have been tried to beat the market. So far, nobody has managed to do this and that will probably not change for the next 600 years. The reason for this is simple, because the world's greatest players are always one step ahead of retail traders. On the one hand, this is due to the fact that they are in the market every day with a large team, use the best technology and move the greatest capital in the process. A retailer is not organized, works with simple technology and does not have a lot of capital. These are two completely different worlds that also require different ways of working and therefore it is very clear that most retail traders do not know how the big players work.

It is frivolous to believe that with little experience, a laptop and indicators, you stand a chance against these big players. The fact that so many retail traders lose is not because they are incompetent, but rather because they do not know who they are actually trading against. You sit in front of your laptop at home and watch the candles move up or down. Very few have any idea what is actually going on in the background at the banks. These big players from large banks and institutions are very professionally positioned. Countless traders sit in air-conditioned rooms with the latest screens supported by an armada of analysts. All information comes together in a central location, where the strategies are distributed as individual orders to the different traders. And we all know only too well that an army is always stronger than a single person. Thus, retail traders' losses are primarily due to the fact that most of them overestimate themselves. In addition, there is the fact that the Internet leads us to believe that it is an illusory world that does not actually exist. You only ever see the profits and successes that the individual traders achieve with ease. As soon as you start trading yourself, you realize how difficult it is and quickly start to doubt yourself. It was no different for me, but I had the advantage that at the beginning of my full-time activity as a trader, I was not dependent on income. That took the pressure off me to work with disproportionately high risks.

It is known that 90% of Forex traders lose their money, 5% are breakeven and the remaining 5% win more than they lose. For this reason, trading is not about winning at the beginning, but rather about losing as little as possible. In our upbringing, we are trained to be a winner, which is why very few admit that they make losses on the stock market. Unfortunately, the laws on the stock exchange are a little different than in normal life. Losing is the order of the day here and that is completely normal. For this reason, a trader's focus should be primarily on breaking even. When you break even, you win money and lose it again, but overall you don't slide into the red. When you consider that only 10% of all traders are in or above breakeven, it should be clear to everyone how difficult trading actually is. Still, it can be learned like any decent job, but don't forget how long it takes to learn a real job. So if you lose as much money as you win in the long term, you belong to the 10% of the best retail traders in the world. And those who win more than they lose in the long run belong to a small minority of 5%. By the way, only 2.5% of traders can make a living from their earnings. And that alone already proves that trading successfully is anything but easy. And anyone who claims the opposite has been very lucky or is just a trading coach.

I started trading in the forex market eleven years ago. Since this market does not provide any information about ask and bid, volume or deltas, I would like to call this type of trading a walk in the dark. Getting started in this market is indeed a huge challenge and I admire any trader who breaks even in this market. Since the profit rates in the futures market are three times higher, a beginner would actually have to start there in order to switch to the forex market as a professional with stock market data. But mostly it's the other way around. Many start in the toughest market in the world and fail to achieve their goals. For me, the future market is like driving a kart and the forex market is Formula 1. Of course, theoretically you can also learn in a Formula 1 vehicle, but it is much more difficult than starting with karting. I do not want to denigrate the forex or future market here, after all, I work in both markets at the same time. You will find a lot of information about the advantages and disadvantages of the forex and future market in my videos.

Regardless of which market you choose, the most important point is to understand how the big players operate. And that has nothing to do with an indicator. Most of the indicators are derived from the price, so in the end they don't show more than the candle itself. Since the indicators are lagging, this even means that the information often comes a little later. Retail traders never move the markets when they enter because they never enter at the same time. But they move the markets when they are stopped out by the big players, since their stopzones are always similar. Exactly for this reason, these stops are a crucial feature in order to increase your trading efficiency. This factor can be read out well with my Bionic Candle and important key zones can be created from it. For this I have just started a project in which each of you can participate. You can find information about this in my video: New Big Player Strategies.

At the beginning I also looked for different patterns, but with the data that is made available in the forex market it is very difficult. Likewise, there are no patterns in the DoM, the T&S or in the volume. With the Bionic candle we can find the key candles, but then we still don't know how far these key candles will go and when the course will turn again. With my self-created limits delta orders, I can clearly see what the big players are collecting, but I don't know exactly when they will start pushing the price in their profit direction. The samples within the spoofing give me more information about what is happening in the market. The limit orders placed on the market are anything but the truth, because stacking or pulling means that they are added or subtracted within seconds during spoofing. For this I have programmed my own tones in the 1 ms range, which give me additional important information. There, too, there are clear pattern sequences that appear again and again in certain situations.

Since the algorithms are responsible for placing the limit and market orders and combine them with one another, algorithms that run the same time and again take place within a trading sequence. Thus there are also clear patterns in the algorithms that can be analyzed and read out with a little experience. This is not a Holy Grail either, but it often brings a clear market advantage above average.

Now you just have to combine these things with each other in such a way that a clear map emerges that shows the retailer where the market is currently. This enables you to react before the small breakouts. You can also find a good example of this in my video: Reasons for trading algorithms. The prerequisites for dealing more closely with trading algorithms are first of all the appropriate technical equipment, which, with some knowledge, can be set up for € 4,000. It is important that the entire system is precisely tailored to the setup, otherwise it will be expensive. In addition, one need an Internet with very good ping times, a cheap forex broker that is precisely tailored to the stock market data, special stock market software with individually programmed chart views, a sound card with specially programmed tones and corresponding loudspeakers, for the 1ms tones.

The next step is to understand how the big players operate and why they work the way they work. This procedure not only has to be clearly understood, but also recognized on the screen in the long term. Time and again, different situations arise in the market that can be clearly identified. With the help of the Bionic candle you are able to calculate a possible trade in advance. This is precisely what is important with regard to the probability of winning in combination with the RRR. To do this, you first have to train very intensively and you need clear guidelines. With special tools you can see how far you are from your breakeven point. With the then individually compiled setup, the goal is to complete 10,000 trades until you have reached your breakeven point. As a minute scalper, this is not a problem either, as you can do up to 40 trades in the evening as part of your job. In addition to all these factors, it must be ensured that the loss from these 10,000 trades does not exceed € 500. We will talk about all of these things in great detail over the next few months. A decisive point, why I have also concentrated more on algorithm trading in the area of seconds scalping, is the above-average profit rate, which makes the new trader tax reasonably bearable. If you want to learn more about these things, I am happy that you are there.

Inserted Video

I now wish you a nice weekend and a lot of success in the trade.

Best regards Michael.

--- 帖子 #1707 ---
Hello Mos,

In principle, trading can be compared to driving a Formula 1 vehicle. Here, too, each driver works with his own setup that is not suitable for other drivers. This is probably why there are no coaches who teach a driver how to drive Formula 1.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In 2004 I was with some friends in Monaco for the Formula 1 race. That's where I took these pictures. Schumacher had to give up the race on lap 46 after a collision with BMW Williams driver Juan Pablo Montoya. The accident happened during a safety car phase. During this period, overtaking maneuvers are actually prohibited, but last year's winner Montoya still drove up. Schumacher, who, as the leader, had driven directly behind the safety car and had braked heavily before the crash, crashed into the wall in his Ferrari in the port tunnel and had to park his vehicle in the Ferrari box a little later. The left front wheel was kinked and the nose was badly damaged. Michael Schumacher was not thrilled as you can see in the picture.

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1708 ---
Bionic Candle MT4, MT5, Tradingview

Hello dear Bionic Traders,

Since I am repeatedly asked whether the Bionic Candle will also be available for Tradingview or the MT5, I have decided to deal with this topic in detail. Since it directly affects the Bionic Candle, this is important to me. First of all, I would like to make it clear that all of my statements or allegations made here are based solely on my personal opinion, have no claim to accuracy and do not serve to downgrade or denounce the MT5 or Tradingview platform.

There are around 5 million retail traders worldwide, and MT4 still has a market share of 80% in the Forex CFD area. Although the new MT5 was launched in 2010, the market share is 15%, while Traderview only achieved 0.6%. This means that my MT4 programmed Bionic Candle covers the largest group of traders in percentage terms.

Of course, the MT5 is more modern and also faster, although this statement does not apply to me because I have tested it. This is possibly due to the high performance of my workstation and the ping values of 3-5ms that my 1 gigabit fiber-optic line can achieve. In the last 10 years, many traders have created special auxiliary indicators in MT4 that cannot simply be ported to MT5. As long as there are no simple solutions for this, the market position of the MT4 will not change significantly. Another point is a virtual stop loss that I basically work with, which is not visible to the broker. In addition to the currency strength, my pip per minute indicator and countless other auxiliary indicators, the effort would be disproportionately high to completely reprogram them. My platform is very stable with no problems. Never chance a winning team. Forex Factory has the best and most professional MT4 programmers in the world, but unfortunately very few MT5 programmers. Now everyone can consider whether they want to work with a modern MT5 platform but at the same time have to be prepared to forego their crucial MT4 indicators.

Tradingview is a social media network, an analysis platform and a mobile app for traders and investors that was founded in 2011. The few 30,000 customers to date clearly show, that this platform has not been able to assert itself clearly in the market. Incidentally, the MT5 has found 750,000 users in the same time. A big advantage of using web-based chart software is that you can monitor different prices anytime, anywhere, in real time and with mobile devices. And Tradingview promises just that and even more.

First of all, I can understand that a web-based platform, especially with younger people, is well received due to its flexibility. This is also possible with a VPS server. While you were just trading in front of your screens in the office, you can now continue to watch the prices on the display in your Tesla on the drive home. This may be beneficial for a swing or day trader, but not for me as a seconds scalper. In addition, the Tradingview platform is not able to provide me with the type of information that meets my requirements for a professional approach. Of course, these things are subjective at first, so let's look at a few key points that everyone should think about for themselves.

Tradingview offers a cloud-based platform that must be connected via a corresponding broker. First, the trade execution runs from the Tradingview Cloud to the respective broker and is then executed. Significantly faster execution times are achieved if you work directly with the broker in the respective online version.

Tradingview costs between $ 15 and $ 60 per month. It is interesting that the Tradingview referrers receive 30% lifelong commissions on it.

https://de.tradingview.com/referral-program/

This means you pay $ 216 more annually for the most expensive account than is normally necessary. To get out of this disadvantage, you would have to introduce a new customer to Tradingview, as every customer can automatically become a recommendation giver. Smart in terms of advertising, but also expensive for the individual.

Of course, you can also get stock market data from CQG there, but they do not show the full depth of the market. I can also process stock market data with the free MT5, and a data field from CQG costs only $ 11 a month. For $ 30 I even get the full depth of market.

A crucial point is security in the cloud, although it is not entirely clear which cloud the company Tradingview actually works with. The larger the cloud provider, the more capital is available to ensure the appropriate security. The largest public cloud providers are Amazon Web Services with a market share of 40.8%, followed by Microsoft with 19.7% and Alibaba with 9.5%. Only then does Google come with 6.2%. Clouds you create yourself can of course never offer sufficient security, but this is very important, especially in trading.

Let us come to a point that is very important to me. In 2018, Tradingview received over 38 million from Insight Partners, Jump Trading and DRW - US fintech investors.

Insight Partner is realy a venture capital company and was founded in 1995 by Jeff Höring and Jerry Murdock. But now it's getting interesting.

Jump Trading LLC is a proprietary trading company focusing on algorithmic and high frequency trading strategies. The company employs over 700 people in New York, Chicago, Amsterdam, London, Shanghai and Singapore and operates in the futures, options, cryptocurrency and stock markets worldwide. Jump has been privately funded throughout its existence. The company has made significant investments in radio frequency trading and infrastructure, including a Belgian microwave tower. In April 2014, Jump was one of six high-speed trading firms subpoenaed by New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman for their trading strategies and special agreements with exchanges and dark pools. In May 2018, Jump was fined $ 250,000 by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) for a malfunction of one of its trading algorithms that resulted in the accidental accumulation of a short position valued at hundreds of millions of dollars.

The DRW Trading Group is a proprietary electronic trading company based in Chicago. The company employs a variety of different strategies, including high-frequency trading, and was a notable subject in Michael Lewis' 2014 book Flash Boys. The company has been the subject of at least one lawsuit from financial regulators. The Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) sued the company in November 2013 for alleged market manipulation in interest rate swap futures in 2010 and 2011.

Now let's just ask, why are two high frequency traders lending $ 38 million to Tradingview? I don't know, but I could imagine. Is Tradingview actually allowed to pass on data that someone else uses to its advantage? Let's take a look at Tradingview's terms and conditions.

Conditions

If you use our website, mobile and desktop applications or widgets that we provide for another website, we can automatically collect analysis data. This information can include your general device information, device identifiers (for example, Google Advertising ID if you are using an Android device or Advertising Identifier (IDFA) if you are using an iOS device), network information, website and application interaction events. We only collect pseudonymous data and this analytical information does not contain any personally identifiable information from your profile. We use this information to analyze and improve the work of our services and applications, and to further develop, test and improve our service. We can use both internal analysis service providers and third-party providers for this purpose.

We could anonymize, aggregate and de-identify the data we collect and use for internal business processes. Including disclosure to our business partners, our affiliated companies, agents and other third parties for commercial, statistical and market research purposes, e.g. to enable these parties to analyze patterns between groups of people and to carry out studies on demographics, interests and behavior.

Now all you have to do is add 1 and 1 together and you will come to a result. I do not want to assume Tradingview that they pass on the current market executions of their 30,000 customers to their business partners, who happen to be high-frequency traders. And even if that were the case, nobody would notice, because a high-frequency trader only intervenes for a millisecond and then is out again. From the positioning of 30,000 traders, one can theoretically form an area average that is extrapolated to all traders. This also creates the unique opportunity to have specific data in the forex market to see where the retailers are positioned. Of course, I can't imagine Tradingview doing something like that, but precisely because I'm not sure, I'm avoiding this concept as a precaution. When it comes to stocks, I think this platform is a success, but the stocks sector also has most of the high-frequency traders.

MT4 is designed to be used as a standalone system where the broker manually manages its position. This is a common configuration used by brokers. However, a number of third party developers have written software bridges that allow integration with other financial trading systems for automatic position hedging. In late 2012 and early 2013, MetaQuotes Software began removing third-party plugins for its software from the market and sued and cautioned developers and brokers. Of course, a broker could theoretically also pass on his customer data, for this it is important to find the right broker and to concentrate more on the institutional area in trading. With the old MT4 you are independent of a lot of manipulation. As always, that's just my own opinion, no more and no less.

That's why we're starting with the Bionic Candle in MT4 and if our project is successful, I'll be happy to think about other things. If you want to use a secure telephone operating system, you just have to work with the iPhone. And if you don't need that, you are welcome to stay with Samsung. The question is always: What you need?

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1709 ---
Hi Michael

That was sad - and to one of my favourite drivers too!

Each of us has to find his OWN way in forex too in the end! Sometime some just get "sidetracked" as they do not understand that in the end it is how they themself "interpret/put into practise"  what counts.

Trade well / Mos

--- 帖子 #1710 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Hello Mos, that's right. Michael Schumacher even motivated me back then that I got myself a Ferrari when I was 39. The reactions of the people to it was always very positive, especially the Italians always freaked out at the traffic lights. Yes, those were crazy times, today everything is more serious. Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #1711 ---
Big player profiling costs

Attached Image

Hello dear traders,

In today's post, we're going to talk about the cost of an algorithm profiler. There are also certain requirements for the screens, the workstation, the Internet and many other things that we are looking at today. This gives you a rough overview of the requirements that must be met in order to approach the topic of big player profiling.

Inserted Video

The video is of course produced in 4K again and you can have the spoken text translated into English on YouTube. Of course I will translate the text for you later and post it here.

I wish you a lot of fun watching it and a nice and relaxing weekend.

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1712 ---
Big player profiling costs

Hello dear traders,

In today's post, we're going to talk about the cost of an algorithm profiler. There are also certain requirements for the screens, the workstation, the internet and many more things that we look at today. This gives you a rough overview of the requirements that must be met in order to approach the topic of algorithm profiling. We hear again and again on the Internet that all you need to trade is a cell phone or a simple laptop in order to be successful. Over 5 million traders around the world sit in front of their laptops or screens every day, hoping for great luck. What most retail traders do not see is the fact that they are trading against. The big players work with the most modern data centers to send their algorithms to the stock market. Their strategies are brutal and designed to convey a truth to the 5 million retail traders that really doesn't exist. An inexperienced trader will achieve significantly better results with a better workplace  than with a workplace  that is not suitable for trading. And it is precisely for this reason that the right workplace is a decisive factor in order to be successful with it. The Nürburgring is the most famous race track in Germany and a great challenge for a driver. Let us now imagine for a brief moment that the stock market is the Nürburgring.

If you cross the Nürburgring with little experience and at the same time an unsuitable vehicle, a very dangerous accident can quickly occur. In this case, the driver was very lucky and only got away with a few bruises. A normal car can drive through the most famous bend, the carousel at 70 km, the Porsche can do it at 94 km / h, an enormous difference. That is why the right technology is crucial. As we know, there is a massive imbalance between the big players and the retail traders. It would be comparable to a Formula 1 car versus a road vehicle. Of course, you could tune your road vehicle to have better chances, but the tuning costs are often more expensive than buying a vehicle that is right for the racetrack. A Formula 1 car goes from zero to 100 in 2.4 seconds and comes to a stop in 1.2 seconds. A Porsche GT3 RS reaches the finish in 3.3 seconds and comes to a stop after 2.3 seconds. And a normal road vehicle once again achieves significantly worse values. Now everyone will say that the Porsche doesn't stand a chance against the Formula 1 car either. That is absolutely correct, but in principle it does not have to be either. Much more important is that it scores better than the average trader. And that is exactly the crucial aspect in trading. We don't have to be better than the big players and we will never achieve that. But we have to be significantly better than the average. And that's exactly why we need the appropriate technology.

A trading professional with a professional workplace gets the highest score of 200. Now we take the same professional, free him from his professional workplace and put him in front of a laptop. He'll still be good, but not as good as his professional workplace. Now, I'm not suggesting that a less professional trader with a professional workplace will get the same results as a professional with a bad workplace , and that's not the point. But I contend that a non-professional trader break-even faster with a professional workplace than with a poor workplace. And you yourself know enough examples from sports or hobbies. That means we have to move away from the fairy tale David versus Goliath, because we will never be better than the big players. We must reach the goal of being more professional than the average. And that is exactly the chance that every trader has. Whether he actually uses it in the end is another matter. Of course, the approach and trading strategy is also a decisive success factor, but today it is first about the technology and costs required for it. Many traders have asked me, whether you really need 3 square meters of screen space, with the appropriate technology. Imagine a beginner looking at the cockpit of a jet plane. Do you need all these screens there? Maybe not, but to fly and control this jet, perhaps yes. Another aspect that I have brought up over and over again is the fact that 90% of all traders lose. This proves that trading is far from easy. Maybe it's precisely because most traders make it too easy for themselves. If there was a simple system, the big players would have laid off their expensive traders and analysts long ago. That alone would justify a complicated setup. My approach follows an institutional approach that differs significantly from a retailer's approach. This strategy is indeed very difficult to learn, but not impossible.

My workstation was specially configured by me to the individual requirements of my stock market software, data feeds, screens and my approach. Of course, it can still be done better and faster, but although I don't have to, I still attach great importance to a balanced price-performance ratio. My average CPU temperature is 55-60 degrees in absolute performance peaks. In addition, I have now decided to increase my fiber optic cable to 1 gigabit. Interestingly, I am still not the fastest, but of 12,600 users I belong to the 1% who are fastest. This performance on the Internet is of course not necessary for trading, but it is absolut necessary in the area of ping values. That's why I don't mind if exactly 1 gigabit doesn't arrive. However, fast ping times do not help you if you work with brokers that operate with ping values of over 100ms. This is a crucial point, especially for trade executions. In addition, the broker's individual data feeds should be precisely coordinated with one another.

A few questions will arise as to why I pay so much attention to individual points. The answer for this is relatively simple. My approach is geared towards following the institutional approach of the big players, which is structured completely differently from the retailer approach. I've talked about this many times in my videos. A retailer cannot imagine that a big player collects 100,000 Lot Ask in an accumulation phase, then still pushes the price down sharply and thus goes massively into the red itself. And that is exactly what happens regularly, is precisely planned and even correct from a risk-related point of view. For me it is crucial to know what is happening in the market at all times and that is exactly what helps me to achieve my high profit rates. Anyone who has dealt in depth with the new trader tax knows that a high profit ratio with a CRV of 2 massively reduces the effective capital gains tax. At the same time, I can only achieve these quotas with a very low risk. For this I developed the pip or tick value per minute, which informs me about the risk in the market. Of course there are also situations that I sometimes do not understand, that is completely normal and certainly everyone of you knows.

Before a house is built, it must first be planned by an architect. You have to imagine the composition of your technique in the same way. If you only want to work with a moving average in MT 4, you don't need any complex technology. I don't work with indicators and the price doesn't matter to me either. Algorithm Profiling means, looking deep into the eye of the tornado to extract information that most people cannot do anything with. We have often talked about the fact that every trader needs a market advantage. My advantage lies in the algorithms, as there is hardly anyone who works with them. As long as it stays that way, I will continue to have this market advantage. I am also not angry that many trading coaches sell their volume trading, footprint charts or volume profile. As long as there are still so many buyers and customers for this, it is guaranteed that my market advantage will continue to be secured. Nevertheless, I will not thank the trading coaches for this, as I do not think their approach is fair. But we've already talked about that in great detail. That means you have to adapt your technology individually to your approach and precisely coordinate the individual components. However, you can only vote on something, if you have tried it out beforehand. An example of this is my sound card for my custom-made 1ms tones. It turned out that a sound card that was 800 € more expensive was just as fast as a sound card that costs only 17 €. The same game was then repeated in the area of the loudspeakers. From Bose to Teufel, I've tried everything in order to process my tones quickly. The winner was a loudspeaker for € 40 that is no longer built. And that is exactly how it works with the individual building blocks that ultimately represent your workstation. Does my 60 Hz screen actually need an RTX 3070. No, of course not, but my stock exchange program that accesses the GPU of the graphics card and can therefore perform arithmetic operations up to 20 times faster. If you ignore these things and not implement them, you end up burning a lot of money.

All in all, there are a lot of things to consider when putting together the optimal workplace. You have to imagine it like a racing car that is individually assembled from individual parts. Then it is tested and individual components are replaced until the vehicle achieves its optimal performance. It has now taken me over three years to put together the optimal components for my algorithm profiling. I also worked with different benchmarks to find the optimal components. But we know that the most expensive module is not always the best at the same time. You can see three different hard drives here and the most expensive one also achieves the highest benchmark at the same time. However, if you include the price-performance ratio, the Samsung is significantly better. I would definitely include that in the evaluation. Just like an airplane or a car, the workstation must also be regularly monitored and maintained. There are different modules for this, but at the same time they should not slow down the computer. A computer is also very prone to dust, so it should be cleaned regularly. The decisive factor here is a future-oriented mainboard that ensures that you can regularly upgrade new and faster components. That's why a good mainboard can cost 300 €, which helps you when you install new CPUs, memory modules or hard drives.

Now let's look at the costs involved. For a good workstation you have to calculate between 2 and 5000 €. Of course, that always depends on what you need. I would personally advise against a used computer. For the screens you have to calculate between 1000-4000 €, depending on how many screens you need. Black levels are particularly important in trading, as are resolution, response time and durability. In order to load my workstation as little as possible, I work with external 4K graphics cards. Here, too, there are a few things to consider. For my 1 millisecond tones I tried a lot of sound cards, there are very big price differences. The same applies to the loudspeakers, which must be able to transmit these 1 millisecond tones correctly. If you sit all day, you need a good chair that supports your back. Just like with the bed, you shouldn't save in the wrong place here. There are also various accessories to set up the workplace. The cable connections to the screens and speakers are crucial. We know that the larger the cross-section, the lower the resistance. In total, you have to calculate between € 4-13,000 to set up this workplace. The huge price difference is ultimately only a result of experience as to which modules fit together best.

The stock exchange software is a crucial point in algorithm profiling. But that is only the basis on which you have to set up your modules with your own programming. There are also huge differences in the data feeds, which must be individually tailored to your respective broker. And that's the biggest challenge. When it comes to the Internet connection, the speed is less important than the ping values. However, these can be significantly influenced by the broker's ping values. There is also a VPS server that I use for my tick charts. I can also save stock exchange data there that show me important information. Overall, you have to reckon with monthly costs of 100-400 €. For the start, 2-5000 €, which are in different broker accounts, are sufficient. As I already recommended in my previous videos, look for a mentor who will support you in trading 1 to 1. I don't mean videos, but live trading via Skype or Zoom. This mentoring may also span many years and it is not about money. To get into algorithm profiling, for example, it takes around 150-200 hours. Unfortunately, I can't tell you how much such a thing costs, but I've read that trading coaches costs between 250 and 500 € for a one hour  Skype lesson. I find that inappropriate.

From my own experience I can tell you that in algorithm profiling you have to complete around 10,000 trades before you reach your breakeven point. It is important to note that your loss after the 10,000 trades is a maximum of € 500. I saw this with my friend, whom I gladly and voluntarily supported. It took him a year as a part-time job to break even. However, I cannot help him make a profit. This is now due to his ability, his experience and the will to succeed. A fast Formula 1 car will help you to get around the curve faster, but it does not guarantee that you will actually become Formula 1 world champion. To do this, in the course of your trading life you have to acquire skills that you make a habit of. The problem is that many traders live in the ruins of their habit. By nature, people are almost the same, but habits separate them. It's no different in trading. You have to imagine habit like a thread with which we build a rope. The thicker it gets, the less we can tear it up.

Inserted Video

I wish that your habits will bring you the success you deserve.

Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #1713 ---
How the big players work

Hello dear Traders,

some have asked me where they can get more information on how the big players operate. To this end, I created a channel on YouTube 1 year ago, where we talk about exactly these points. What content you can expect there, can be found in my short video.

Inserted Video

To get to my channel here is the link:

https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCCb...zsD2soUtb0CTqA

I wish you a great weekend

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1714 ---
Pip / min: low risk exit

Attached Image
Hello dear traders,

In today's post we will talk about the most important key points in algorithm profiling that are critical to being successful. A very decisive key point is the risk that I determine with my developed pip value per minute. To do this, we look at a small live trade, but it brings great insights. You will be amazed at what comes out of it.

Inserted Video

The video is of course produced in 4K again and you can have the spoken text translated into English on YouTube. Of course I will translate the text for you later and post it here.

I wish you a lot of fun watching it and a nice and relaxing weekend.

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1715 ---
English videos project

Hello dear subscribers,

Last year I produced 49 videos in German and then posted the English text here. Since I found a way to have my english translated text speak, I upgraded my second YouTube channel.

https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCqB...8qVMsDR0FKpEZA

I will post the English videos there in the future. Then the annoying translation is no longer necessary and it is much easier for you. The first challenge: So far I have produced 49 videos, which I now have to synchronize one after the other with the English language. Since the language and the moving images have to form a unit, this is not very easy. In addition, I publish a new video in German every week. That means it will take a while before the English videos catch up with my German videos. Since the videos are built on one another, I unfortunately have to keep the order. But I am happy to accept the challenge, but ask for your understanding that it may still take a while. But I will always inform you here when a new video is online. At the same time, of course, the German-speaking subscribers also receive the information when there is a new video. The project could be completed by mid-2022 at the latest, when it will be easier for everyone. German and English are spoken by 1.5 billion people, I think that should be sufficient, although English is of course the international language. We'll start with the first video that I published on my German channel in September 2020. Of course, mistakes can also occur here, as I still have to familiarize myself with it. I therefore ask for your forbearance. The positive thing about it is that the videos just keep getting better over time. Another advantage is that it also makes it easier to translate into other languages with subtitles.

Inserted Video

The latest German video with the pip / value per minute can be found here, this information is important with regard to the optimal exit.

Inserted Video

I wish you a great weekend and good business success

Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #1716 ---
Do you ever sleep, Michael?

--- 帖子 #1717 ---
Hello Lem, you are right, that looks very stressful, after all I work 12 hours a day. During trading hours, this is very easy with the Bionic Candle. I draw my zones and then I have enough time until the price runs in there. Sometimes I don't have to do anything because trading is automatic. The key point why I translate the videos into English: I can improve my English skills and work through my videos in detail again. In doing so, unbelievable ideas emerge that take me further. So a little selfishness and the certainty that it will help my subscribers. I wish you a nice weekend. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1718 ---
Double your chances of winning

Hello dear traders,

I had a bit of time, so the second video is already here. In this video I will show you how you can double the probability of winning in the Forex market and which market offers the highest level of security. In addition, you will receive an overview of why algorithms traders have the greatest opportunities in the future. We'll look at some interesting examples of this.

Inserted Video

Have fun watching

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1719 ---
Pip/min: The lowest risk exit

Attached Image

Hello dear traders,

In today's post we will talk about the most important key points in algorithm profiling that are critical to being successful. A very decisive key point is the risk that I determine with my developed pip value per minute. To do this, we look at a small live trade, but it brings great insights. You will be amazed at what comes out of it. In my last video I speaked about the fact, that algorithm profiling requires a certain technology, to be used in order to gain a market advantage. Breaking even is a trader's hardest goal, only 10% manage it in the end. In the following, I will now outline my most important key points. As always, this is only my personal opinion, which of course can stand out from other opinions. From my point of view, there are no patterns in the candles, indicators in the price or in the news. The normal candlestick chart arises purely randomly from the price and time and gives no information about the future price development.

An indicator primarily only translates the price with another representation but has the disadvantage of being lagging. In a market there is no up and no down, so the price is completely irrelevant to me. Likewise, there are no typical trends, only movements that result from the current market situation. For this reason, most information can only be obtained from time and volume-independent charts. The big players always work with a similar approach and a successful trader needs to know exactly how the big players work. Concentrating on the 20 biggest big players is easier than focusing on 1 million retailers. Although market orders move the market, limit orders dominate the market. Iceberg orders are increasingly being placed in smaller numbers, which makes it difficult to identify them. Furthermore, the market makes the news and not the other way around. If you are looking for markets with high security, you should value high liquidity and not high volatility. Likewise, you should only be there where most sales are made. That is the reason why I only trade in the euro US dollar. If you want to be successful in algorithm profiling, you should always concentrate on a large currency pair.

Forex and stock market data should be combined to achieve the highest probability of winning. Since the overall risk in the forex market is significantly lower, I recommend trading in the forex market and analyzing the data from the future market. Virtual stops help to reduce the manipulation of the broker in the forex market. Another crucial aspect is the currency strength, which is only available in the forex market. Due to the different algorithms, market technology is now out of date and volume trading does not work either, because bid and ask never meet in the market and have nothing to do with each other. Since acoustic signals are perceived 20 times faster than optical signals, I would recommend working with tones in the best ask and best bid range. The advantage of working with the algorithms is that you can see into the future for a few seconds. In addition, the algorithms allow a look into the eye of the tornado. The retail trader's stops are the most important point for filling the liquidity of the big players. For this, the big players create invisible price zones that can be made visible with my developed Bionic candle. You can find more information under the heading Community on this channel. Bid and ask do not decide on the future course of the price, only the limit orders, so I recommend everyone to analyze these limit orders to see what the big players are currently collecting. In order to avoid the new trading tax, one is forced to achieve the highest possible profit ratio. The easiest way to achieve this is as a scalper. The pip per minute values, which reduce your risk in the market, are a very decisive factor. Let's dwell on that a little bit more.

I once took the trouble to analyze over 1 million different M1 candles in the euro US dollar in the period from 2018-2021. The average ATR from high to low is 1.5 pip per candle. Interesting, only from the candle number 667,000 the value was over 1.5 pip. That means only a third of all candles achieve this above-average pip value. We already know that over 70% of course developments take place within an equilibrium. In the actual sequence of movements in 30% of all cases, the consecutive candles are significantly larger. Of course there are also larger candles within an equilibrium, but these are smoothed by the average value of the smaller candles. Now let's take a closer look at the results. The average of all candles was 1.51 pips. A third of all candles reached 0.52 pip, there the risk is three times higher than the average. The second third of all candles reached a pip value of 1.21, so the risk is still 30% higher than the average movement of 1.5 pip. And the last third of all candles has an average pip value of 2.84. This means that the risk is 88% below the average. Why is the risk higher or lower? If the average ATR is 1.5 pip, it means that a candle will grow to an average size of 1.5 pip. If a candlestick is greater than 1.5 pip, a trader is getting faster in his profit direction. This automatically reduces the risk. If, on the other hand, there is less volatility and this results in smaller candles, the risk automatically increases because it takes longer to come into profit.

That means only a third of all candles achieve an average ATR greater than 1.5 pip. In theory, if you place a trade without a stop, there is a 50% chance that the trade will go in your favor. If only in 33% of all cases the candle is larger than the average ATR, the probability would be around 15% to catch a stronger candle that brings you into the profit. The smaller your stop now, the worse this probability of winning automatically becomes. So you realize how difficult it is to catch a corresponding breakout candle that is also running in your direction of profit at the same time. I developed the pip value per minute for myself in order to find the optimal time to exit. Of course, it is also important to find the right time to join, but it is even more important to get out at the right time. The pip value per minute has the uncomfortable property of falling over time and thus the risk increases at the same time. Let's take a closer look at why this is so. On Monday, November 8th at 7:18 pm the average ATR value was 1.0 because the main trading time was over. With the help of my Bionic candle, I identified a key zone and wanted to take the opportunity to go up. In my chart on the upper right side you can see the pip per minute indicator. Since there was very little volatility, I was not prepared to invest a large number of lots in this trade. Let's take a look at this live now.

Unfortunately, I was 1 second late in the market, which already cost me over 1 pip of income. After half a minute I was already at breakeven. The price is going up and almost reaches a value of 1 pip per minute. There I briefly considered getting out of the trade but the bad CRV value spoke against it. For this reason I decided to let the trade run into my drawn key zone. You can see again and again how the pip per minute value fluctuates back and forth and no longer exceeds the value of 1. The risk was therefore disproportionately high at this point in time. The price continued to rise and then fluctuated back and forth in a small equilibrium. Now it took quite a while for the price to finally reach my forecast take profit. As suspected, the price then went down in a small pullback to get the long traders out. Then it slowly went up. Let's take a quick look at the analysis. After half a minute I was in the break even. After 1 minute I thought about getting out because I felt like I had reached the best pip per minute. That was exactly right, but the CRV of 0.35 was absolutely bad. Anyone who works with such a CRV value will always lose in the long term. That's why I stayed in the trade.

The disadvantage of this was that my risk was constantly increasing. At its peak, the risk was four times the average ATR. After six and a half minutes, the goal was $ 22. The CRV was 1.12, but my actual stop was only 1.2 pip, so my gross CRV was even 2. But I always calculate with net values, where I take my spread into account. Why did I consider getting out of the trade after 1 minute? Now I had reached a pip value of 1 per minute. That means about 6.5 minutes I should have achieved a return of $ 44.58 with a pip value per minute of 1. But it was clear to me that the pip value per minute would fall. And that's exactly why I ended up only taking $ 22, because the pip value per minute was 0.5. The only reason I didn't get out was because of the bad CRV value at this time. If this CRV value had been better, I would be out after 1 minute. You can see that on the graph on the right, how the value per minute got worse and worse. Fortunately, because the price ran into my forecast zone, the risk dropped somewhat in the end. But overall, the trade was too risky for me. From this graph we can see that I got the most out of this trade. I didn't get in optimally, but I got out at the optimal time.

As I already mentioned, the pip value per minute has the property of getting smaller over time and thus automatically increasing the risk. Let's look at an example with a stronger breakout candle. The candle rises sharply and after just 6 seconds we are in breakeven. The candle continues to rise and after 1 minute we have reached $ 45 with one lot. There is a small pullback inside the candle and the return drops to $ 39. Possibly the next candle will run down harder to get the long traders who have entered. Here my optimal exit would have been after half a minute. The return would be $ 31, the pip value per minute would be 6.2 and the CRV would be 1.55. The decisive factor, however, is the 41 times lower risk than the average ATR. Now everyone will say why don't you stay in there for another half a minute and get out with $ 14 more. After all, that's 44% more income? Basically, the approach is correct, but the question is always what price you have to pay for it. It is true that I earn 44% more, but at the same time I have to take a 75% higher risk. And from a financial point of view, that would be a big mistake. There is a very important principle in trading. It's not about earning as much money as possible, but about securing sustainable income with a low risk. In the graph we can see that while the pip value per minute is peaking, at the same time the risk is falling to its lowest value. And that would be the ideal time to get out. This is also one of the reasons why so many traders lose in the long run.

I am aware that in trading you have to pay attention to a lot of things in order to be successful. Trading is anything but easy, so the fine-tuning has to be right down to the smallest detail. If you are going to fly into space and want to survive, the built-in door of your space shuttle must be absolutely tight. Everything has to be 100% correct for this, and the same applies to the trading setup. The big players we are up against have significantly more money, better technology, more staff, faster data lines, a lot more experience and a loss rate of only 10%. It is impossible to top that, so we have to orientate ourselves towards the average trader and try to be significantly better than him. This then creates a trading advantage that we can use to our advantage. But be careful: This trading advantage is getting smaller every day because the others are also developing. Therefore you have to react creatively and quickly to the changing markets. This way you also keep your trading advantage in the future.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in and I keep my fingers crossed for you.

Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #1720 ---
My pip/min strategy

Hello dear traders,

the third english video is already here. Since I do my trades in a very narrow range, I have been approached by many traders about how to calculate their risk. At first, scalping is described as very risky and expensive, but that is a big mistake that we will talk about today. In doing so, I developed a decisive factor: the pip per minute strategy. We'll look at some interesting examples of this.

Inserted Video

Have fun watching

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1721 ---
Trade with your ears

Hello dear traders,

the next English video is already online. It's about the requirements of a trader's workstation, why the sounds are four times faster than the charts, neuroscience in brain research and even body language. Today I will show and prove to you exactly why the knowledge of these things is crucial for algorithmic trading. I wish you much fun.

Inserted Video

Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #1722 ---
The biggest Big Player,

Today's video is about the question of how to determine your optimal currency pair in the Forex market. There are different approaches that you have to consider in order to significantly increase your probability of winning in the end. In addition, we look at the balance sheets in EURUSD and what sales the big players produce. We'll look at some interesting examples of this.

Inserted Video

Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #1723 ---
VPS Server Tickchart Linux Windows

Hello dear traders,

Today's post is about the advantages of the tick chart in order to penetrate deeper into the market and to determine better resistance zones from it. It is also ineffective to run your own server for the tickcharts, so let's take a look at the VPS servers from Microsoft and Linux. There are massive differences in speed and even price differences of up to 500%. In this video we will find out what exactly to look out for and which alternatives are the best.

Inserted Video

The video is of course produced in 4K again and you can have the spoken text translated into English on YouTube.

I wish you a lot of fun watching it and a nice and relaxing weekend.

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1724 ---
High frequency traders

Hello dear traders,

Today's video is about the approach of high frequency traders, how the big players differ from high frequency traders and how we can protect ourselves from them. We'll look at some interesting examples of this.

Inserted Video

Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #1725 ---
Unfair Big Player strategies

Hello dear traders,

Today's video is about the strategies of the big players. Among other things, we look at the extreme imbalance between big players and retail traders, why limit orders influence the market more than market orders, the three main strategies of big players and the impact of algorithms on market events. At the end is important, how to use this information for our advantage. We'll look at some interesting examples of this.

Inserted Video

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1726 ---
The big players' secret price zones

Hello dear Bionic Traders,

My latest video is about the invisible price zones that the big players regularly create. With the Bionic Candle, these secret price zones can be identified and even drawn on the chart. In the video I show some examples in the chart of how the big players work and how they regularly mislead us retailers.

Inserted Video

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1727 ---
Comparison Stocks, Forex and Futures

Hello dear Bionic Traders,

Today's post is about the difference between speculating and investing, how best to invest in stocks, why the Forex market is the most profitable market in the world and what my projects for 2021 look like. As always, the contributions are my personal opinion, which of course could clearly stand out from other opinions. The different opinions on the stock exchange are responsible for the fact that trading can take place at all. In this respect, different views are good for traders who have the right nose at the crucial moment.

Inserted Video

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1728 ---
Are there patterns in the candles?

Hello dear Traders,

In today's video, you will learn how to protect yourself from the big players. We check whether there are clear pattern sequences in the price and I am introducing a new candle that brings you significantly more information, while at the same time saving 33% in time. First of all, thank you very much for all of your private feedback that has reached me. I am very happy that the information helps you and that you can optimize and improve your probability of winning. In the last few weeks there have been more and more inquiries about how I have optimized my approach over the past few years. I would like to go into that.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success and tomorrow the next video will start.

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1729 ---
Laptop or Desktop PC, which is better?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Hello dear traders,

In the last few weeks I have been asked again and again whether it is better to use a PC or laptop for trading and which operating system is the best. These questions are not easy to answer at first, as there are different decision criteria that we will look at in detail. Many mistakes can arise if the order of the decision criteria is not followed. And that is exactly what can cost a lot of time and money in the end. Nowadays, especially for young people, the issue of mobility is a decisive factor that contributes greatly to independence. Unfortunately, however, trading mobility has some weaknesses that we need to talk about. We will take a close look at the different aspects, weigh up all the advantages and disadvantages so that you can make a decision that is satisfactory for you in the end.

Inserted Video

I keep my fingers crossed that you will soon reach your breakeven point.

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1730 ---
Find the fastest broker

Hello dear Traders,

Today's post is about the differences between Forex brokers and how you can individually find the best broker for you. We also shed light on criteria that are normally not taken into account. As I have already shown in my previous videos, I essentially only use the forex data to process a trade. The decisive advantage lies in the incredibly high level of security that a forex broker offers in relation to the future market. However, we will also look at the dangers that some forex brokers pose. There are still too many black sheep in this industry who take advantage of their hegemony over retail traders. Those who are familiar with this matter can quickly protect themselves against fraud or manipulation.

Inserted Video

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1731 ---
My strategy in trading

Hello dear traders,

in today's post I will show you my approach to trading and how I combine the data from the forex market and future market. I coordinate chart technology, technical analysis and fundamental analysis, as well as trading algorithms, so that a clear structure emerges for me. We also take a look at the measures I use to identify the invisible price zones of the big players in advance. All of these factors intermesh in order to achieve a positive market advantage. This makes it possible to place trades in regions where only very few are trading at this point in time.

Inserted Video

I wish you a lot of fun and a quiet weekend

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1732 ---
Hybrid trader, the future in trading

Hello dear traders,

In today's post I will show you how you can triple your probability of winning with significantly less risk. You will also need significantly less capital in the future and can achieve higher profit rates at the same time. At first sight this sounds too good to be true, but it also requires some changes in trading. And change is exactly the magic word that many traders don't like to hear because it initially brings with it uncertainty. But I promise you some interesting approaches. In the last three years I have combined the Forex market with the Future market and this resulted in the Hybrid Trader, who uses the advantages of both markets and at the same time reduces the disadvantages of the individual markets. We will take a closer look at the advantages and disadvantages in this article.

Inserted Video

I wish you a successful week of trading.

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1733 ---
True Lies

Hello dear traders,

In today's post: "True Lies" you will see how the big players deceive our eyes and we fall for them every day. Trading is a pure business of probabilities, so let's look at how we can use those probabilities to our advantage. We highlight some aspects that can help you in your daily trading.

Inserted Video

I wish you a lot of fun

Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #1734 ---
Scalper, the formula 1

Hello dear traders,

In today's post, I'll show you how you can triple your probability of winning with significantly less risk. You will also need significantly less capital in the future and can achieve higher profit rates at the same time. At first sight this sounds too good to be true, but it also requires some changes in trading. And change is exactly the magic word that many traders do not like to hear because it initially brings with it uncertainty. I promise you some interesting approaches.

Inserted Video

I wish you a lot of fun

Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #1735 ---
New Bionic Candle 6.1 with templates

Hello dear subscribers, dear beginners and traders,

A candle is made out of price and time. Time is a fixed factor while the price is variable, which is why a candle is always created randomly. This means that there are no clear pattern sequences within the candles, so that the candle formations are only created by chance. A trader should always base his trading approach on high probabilities and not coincidences. The big players are the only traders who move big markets. They work with algorithms that make it easier for them to control individual market and limit orders. These algorithms are very complex to program because they have to ensure communication between the individual order types. There are algorithms that search the market for certain abnormalities, e.g. hidden stops, and there are algorithms that trigger certain trading strategies. In the event of a breakout, market orders are shot into the market and at the same time the limit orders that would hold up the own market orders are withdrawn. In order not to have to program new algorithms every day, the internal processes within the algorithms remain. For this, the big players in the market create invisible price zones that are simply shifted depending on the situation. This means that the algorithms are only shifted to a different price level and can continue to follow their programming.

The Bionic Candle was developed precisely for this and indirectly follows this institutional trading approach. This makes it easier to identify these invisible price zones of the big players and to determine possible trend reversals with a higher probability. The Bionic Candle shows the candle strength more precisely than the candle charts and unclear prices are better represented. This also saves a considerable amount of time. By making the invisible price zones visible, clear entry and exit points can now be fixed in the chart beforehand. These invisible price zones can be reduced significantly in the tick chart, thereby reducing your stop loss, increasing the CRV and reducing your risk at the same time. You can also do without many indicators, as they only follow the price chart and are therefore slower. This means that you are distracted even less and the screen is not unnecessarily cluttered. Those who identify the invisible price zones of the big players have a clear trading advantage over most market participants. That alone is a good reason to take a closer look at the Bionic Candle.

This is exactly why we have set up a new thread to get to know the advantages of the Bionic candle better. Incidentally, the Bionic candle has just been revised and is available to you in my new blog. You can find all information here.

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...rex-navigation

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1736 ---
Translation of my German videos

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Hello dear traders

A month ago I promised to translate all of my German videos into English. So far I have been able to translate a total of twelve videos and of course I have learned a lot in the process.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Now I've made an extrapolation just for fun. So far I have produced 54 German videos. A new one is added every week. If I also translate two videos into English every week, the goal will be reached by mid-October 2022. So far I've even managed to translate 2.5 videos per week. At this speed, the goal would have been reached by the beginning of July 2022. Of course, I cannot promise that I will keep up this speed, as other projects require my attention. The most important thing is that it goes ahead and I would be happy if the videos help you.

I wish you all a nice weekend and good luck next week in the retail business.

Best regards Michael.

--- 帖子 #1737 ---
It's fantastic work, Michael. Cannot thank you enough.

--- 帖子 #1738 ---
Funny literal translation into English

Hello Lem,

thank you very much. Although translating is sometimes very exhausting, it helps me learn English even faster. The German language has a lot of interesting and funny idioms that you shouldn't translate literally into English. I have a few examples here. In German one says: Grin like a honey cake horse = (grin like a Cheshire cat)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I wish you a nice week

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1739 ---
'Grin like a honey cake horse' is brilliant. I am going to make it my mission to use that in a sentence before the week is out!

Have a great Christmas!

--- 帖子 #1740 ---
Laptop against the biggest Big Player

Hello dear bionic traders,

We hear again and again on the Internet that all you need to trade is a simple laptop to become a millionaire. To what extent this statement is correct, we will investigate in today's article. We'll also take a closer look at the Goldman Sachs approach and how to put together a good trading workstation. I promise you some interesting approaches. In addition, I cordially invite you to take part in our new project.

Inserted Video

I wish you a lot of fun

Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #1741 ---
For your eyes only!
Christmas 2021

Hello dear traders,

the year 2021 was arduous and challenging for many people. After 21 months of the pandemic, it is our young people who are particularly suffering because they cannot live out their youth as carefree as many of us adults. In Germany there was a study in which 14 to 29 year olds were asked about their current worries and wishes. 40 percent stated that the Corona crisis worsened their mental health, 37 percent complained about a loss of control in their everyday life, their personal relationships and in school and professional life. According to their own statements, the mental state of women has deteriorated more frequently (47%) than that of young men (33%). It has a lot to do with social media, because there, young women in particular are overwhelmed by other influencers with unattainable ideals of beauty. In interviews with young women, the researchers often heard the following sentence: My life is all right again because I stopped using Instagram six months ago. Since I no longer constantly compare myself with others, I have been taking my own life true again as good. Despite all the hardships we humans take on, one should always try to find something positive in the challenges. Whether this is enough to cope with certain situations is unclear, but it strengthens the mental state.

Now Christmas is just around the corner and I hope that you can switch off a bit and find peace to prepare yourself for the new challenges. First of all, I would like to thank you all for taking part in our projects, for your great ideas and creative suggestions for improvement, and especially for the friendly interaction with one another. This year I took the trouble to create a very special Christmas video for you. Of course in English and German.

Inserted Video

Inserted Video

Thank you again for your support. I sincerely wish you a Merry Christmas with your family. Take care of yourself and stay healthy.

Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #1742 ---
Hi Michael

Great post!

Unfortunately people/traders fall into the trap of comparing themselves to others/traders/their trades/their templates/their bragging etc. without realizing it to their detriment.

Difficult to get rid of but not impossible.

King regards / Trade well / Mos

--- 帖子 #1743 ---
Hello Mos, thank you for your many valuable contributions, I wish you a great Christmas and enjoy yourself. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1744 ---
Reach breakeven faster

Hello dear bionic trader,

Making profits in trading is not difficult, but keeping them is very difficult. In today's post we will talk exactly about which measures you can use to save your success in the long term. Since we retailers cannot move the markets, we have to adapt to the current situation. At first glance this seems very difficult, but it is easier than you think.

Inserted Video

I wish you a great Christmas

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1745 ---
waiting for english version ,thanks

--- 帖子 #1746 ---
Hello T4Trade, that is perfectly fine, however, as described in my post 1.741, this version will not appear until the end of May 2022. If you don't want to wait, you can use the translation from YouTube. I wish you a Merry Christmas with your family. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1747 ---
i want the english version of this you tube clip,please make it.

--- 帖子 #1748 ---
Trading equipment build up strategically

Hello dear bionic trader,

Last week we had a long talk about the layout of the screens and today we are going to assemble our trading workstation. We also take a closer look at the workstation from the Montana Black Edition. There are many things to consider here, which I will discuss in detail. I promise you some interesting approaches. In addition, I cordially invite you to take part in our new project.

Inserted Video

I wish you a great Christmas

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1749 ---
New Year's Eve 2021/2022

(For those who haven't seen my Christmas video)

Hello dear traders,

This post is about something personal for you, for the new year 2022. Time flies so quickly and another year has passed. The new year is just around the corner and it is time again for new, challenging resolutions. After a hectic year on the stock market, some relaxation has returned and helps us to review the old year. What was good and what stopped us this year? In which area do we still have problems and where do we urgently need to work on ourselves to achieve our goals for the next year? All of these questions are important in order to keep or even improve our breakeven point in the future. We can only answer these questions ourselves, after all, we know our strengths and weaknesses.

Inserted Video
Inserted Video

I wish you a happy new year 2022 from the bottom of my heart, stay healthy and look forward to seeing you next year.

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1750 ---
Your way to become a profitable trader

Hello dear traders,

First of all, welcome to the new year 2022. I hope you have made good resolutions for the new year and I wish you from the bottom of my heart that you will achieve them. Today's post is about the path to becoming a profitable trader, but that is anything but easy, as you will quickly see. In the last 15 months I have published 56 videos on the subject of profitability. In principle, successful trading consists of many individual pieces of the puzzle that a trader has to put together individually based on his or her skills. There are so many things to consider,  that we could spend many months dealing with them in detail. The fact alone that over 90% of all traders lose in the long term shows how demanding this profession is. It is not enough to hope for a fair chance with a laptop and a moving average. But with the necessary background knowledge and a strategic probability, the breakeven point is within reach. And that's exactly what we're going to look at today.

PS: The next English video „Live Trading“ will appear tomorrow!

Inserted Video

I hope you enjoy watching it

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1751 ---
Live trades, 2 trades in 3 minutes

Hello dear traders,

In the last few months we have launched a new project that deals with the strengths of the bionic candle. In today's post I will show you two specific live trades and how they were calculated beforehand with my self-developed Bionic candle. Then we will evaluate the two trades exactly and even grade them. Actually, we have a wrong world in the  markets. The beginner usually starts in the forex market and when he has become a professional he usually switches to the futures market. Due to the lack of stock market data, but the Forex market is much more challenging to trade than the futures market. That means it should normally be the other way around. A beginner should actually start in the future market and as soon as he has become a professional, switch to the forex market.

Inserted Video

I wish you a successful new year of trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1752 ---
Strategic money management

Hello dear traders,

As we all know, success in trading can be influenced with the help of probabilities. In order to use the efficiency of the probabilities optimally, a trader needs the corresponding numbers. As a Formula 1 driver, it is no longer enough just to know his lap times, the telemetry data that shows the driver exactly where he made mistakes is crucial. The money management data for the trader are comparable to the telemetry data in Formula 1. Interestingly, money management is still receiving far too little attention in trading, which may explain the still high loss rates in the retail sector. Let's take a closer look at how to limit these losses.

Inserted Video

I wish you a nice Weekend

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1753 ---
Important trading knowledge for beginners

Hello dear traders,

We all know the sentence, if I could start all over again, what would I do differently? With this in mind, we consider today what things are important in trading, whether a trading coach is an alternative and what you should pay attention to.

Inserted Video

I wish you a nice Weekend

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1754 ---
Trading Psychology- Emotions in Trading

Hello dear subscribers,

Today's post is about why so many traders lose. One reason for this lies in our emotions, which are not sufficiently trained and educated when it comes to trading. These emotions are not only responsible for our losses, but also for our gains. The biggest problem is that most traders are unaware of these emotions. How can you change something if you don't even know that you have to change something. In today's video we will deal with the measures you can take to get these emotions under control in the long term. It's not that easy, but it's still possible with a few little tricks.

Inserted Video

I wish you a peaceful weekend and continued success in trading.

Best regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #1755 ---
Can you become a trading millionaire

Hello dear bionic traders,

In times of social networks, there is a lot of envy and feelings arise at the same time, I want to achieve that too. On Instagram YouTube or Tick Toc, many trading coaches show their profits and talk about their rise to the league of the rich and beautiful. The really dramatic thing about it is the fact that it is difficult to understand whether this success is actually based on competence or just on pure coincidence. Success cannot be judged solely by whether someone makes money in the stock market. The decisive factor is whether he manages to teach other traders to make a living from trading in the long term. And that is exactly what will succeed in the rarest of cases, since every person is different. On the one hand, the trading coaches say that it's not easy to become a millionaire, but at the same time they get out of their sports car with a wad of banknotes or show us their latest villa. In fact, most trading coaches made their money from seminars rather than trading. That reminds me of a dramatic story. A young man receives an email, where a millonaire offering a book. This book is intended to describe in detail how to become a millionaire quickly and without much effort. He pays the $100 and a few days later receives the book. He opens the book and only finds blank pages. The last page says: Do what I do and sell this book 10,000 times. Today we will review together how realistic it is to become a millionaire through trading.

Inserted Video

In order to become a millionaire, you first have to invest 1 million.

I keep my fingers crossed for you and wish you every success in trading.

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1756 ---
Manipulation of the banks

Hello dear bionic traders,

The reason why so many traders lose is due to the fact that the current market situation is often misinterpreted. This is less due to the skill of the trader and more due to the fact that the big players are giving us a false truth. In today's video we will take a closer look at how the big players manipulate the markets and mislead us in the process.

Inserted Video

I keep my fingers crossed for you and wish you every success in trading.

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1757 ---
Losses are more important than gains

Hello dear traders,

in today's post we will talk about why losses are more important than profits. In the stock, forex and futures market, 85% of all traders lose their money in the long term. If you look at all the videos on YouTube, you often get the feeling that 85% of all traders only win. The saying that only losers lose is a relic of the past that we are going to talk about today. Losses are the most important element in trading and only those who are able to deal with them properly can use them to reach the break even point faster. Today we will take a closer look at which things to pay attention to in detail.

Inserted Video

I wish you a nice weekend, next week a very successful trading week and I look forward to seeing you here again soon.

Best regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #1758 ---
Forex Factory find similar traders

Hello dear traders,

Most retail traders have three problems. When trading, you are only focused on your strategy, receive little market information and do not know a successful trader with whom you can exchange ideas from time to time. In today's post I would like to offer you a possible solution to these 3 problems, that can only be reached via a few detours. In addition, I will show you how to identify fake accounts and where to get the best information.

Inserted Video

I wish you a nice Sunday and good luck for next week

Best regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #1759 ---
Tones and sound in Forex MT4

Hello dear traders,

In today's post you will get two important pieces of information. First, what is more important, fundamental analysis, technical analysis, charting, or reading the algorithms? Secondly, I am going to show you a concrete way of using the MT4 to create sounds and take advantage in the forex market. Of course you will also receive an indicator and the sounds modified by me for download.

Inserted Video

I wish you good luck for this week

Best regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #1760 ---
Your way to becoming a full-time trader

Hello dear bionic traders,

In today's post, we're going to talk about how you can transition from being a part-time trader to a full-time job in four years. We will take a closer look at the requirements required for this and calculate them. I'll show you why you don't need a lot of capital to make ends meet. In addition, I will show you why the win rate has a significant impact on the new trader tax and how you can optimize it. All in all, today's topics are very exciting.

Inserted Video

I wish you a relaxing weekend and keep my fingers crossed for next week.

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1761 ---
Earn 30% more

Hello dear traders,

Every trader would like to make more money in the same amount of time without taking on more risk. Today I want to show you a way to significantly improve your trading efficiency without changing your setup or approach. In addition, I cordially invite you to take part in our new project.

Inserted Video

I wish you a nice day and keep my fingers crossed for next week.

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1762 ---
How do big players make profits

Hello dear bionic traders,

In today's post we look at different approaches of the big players and how they realize their profits with different strategies. This results in striking differences compared to the approach of retail traders, which also explains the high loss rate in the retail sector. In addition, I will show you why it is a big mistake to only focus on the market orders. Today we're going to look at six different strategies that the big players use to make the majority of their profits. Those who identify these strategies at an early stage have a clear market advantage.

Inserted Video

I wish you a happy weekend and keep my fingers crossed for next week.

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1763 ---
News & price are unimportant

Hello dear traders,

today it's about the topic: Why news and price are not decisive for me. To get straight to the point, of course there are professional traders who value news and the price and also trade successfully with it. In this video we take a closer look at why I don't do that. You could possibly save a lot of time with these ideas in the long term and thus act even more efficiently in the future. In addition, we will review the extent to which news actually impacts the forex markets.

Inserted Video

I wish you a nice trading week

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1764 ---
Currency exchange extreme

Hello dear bionic traders,

In today's post, we're going to look at the currency exchange which often play us traders into a false truth. Although a big player shoots massive market buy orders into the market, the price immediately falls sharply afterwards and we wonder how this can happen. I will also show you why the biggest big players in the world would never trade in the futures market and what to look out for when identifying a currency exchange transaction. In addition, I will show you why a footprint chart does not help us in retail.

Inserted Video

In principle, successful trading is just a series of different market information in order to derive a clear market advantage. It's not about being better than the big players, it's about being better than the average. And in the end, that is exactly the decisive market advantage that decides between profit and loss.

I wish you a nice weekend and a successful trade next week.

best regards Michael

--- 帖子 #1765 ---
Trading with the algorithms of the big players

Hello dear bionic traders,

Today's post will be extremely exciting and interesting as we go into practice. Many have asked me what exactly I'm seeing on my trading screen, so I'll go into more detail on that in today's running chart. In the M1 I made a concrete price prediction that took over an hour and let's see if it was correct. Additionally, we look at my key zones and how they react to future course. Then I'll show you two trades that I previously planned and executed to the point. Finally, let's look at the costs that an algorithm trader incurs.

Inserted Video

I wish you a nice trading week

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1766 ---
Analysis, do you need a trading coach?

Hello dear bionic traders,

many of you have asked me to speak a little more deeply about the topic of trading coaches. I would like to comply with this request today and have put together some interesting information for you. Ultimately, this is a lot of money at stake and the most important thing is that the trader is able to find optimal value for money. First of all, it is important to clarify to what extent training is worthwhile for you and what type of trainer is suitable for you.

Inserted Video

I wish you a nice trading day

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1767 ---
Function of the Big Player Algorithms

Hello dear bionic traders,

In today's post we will look at how a retail trader is able to use the algorithms to read the individual processes of the big players. There are a few prerequisites for this, which I will go into in detail today. Of course, you need the right technique for this, which I have talked about again and again in my numerous videos. Algorithms are increasingly dominating the market and helping the big players to achieve their goals faster and more effectively. For this reason it is important to deal with it carefully. In principle, algorithms are similar programs that also control industrial robots. There are clear schedules that are processed one after the other. In the industrial sector, you have to work just as precisely as in the stock market sector. Once they have been laboriously programmed, they then permanently carry out their specified program sequences. The big question is, is a retailer able to read these algorithms? Yes, it works, but only under certain conditions.

Inserted Video

I wish you a nice weekend

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1768 ---
The end for futures in Europe?
Das Aus für Futures in Europa?

Important for all 300,000 European traders
Wichtig für alle 300.000 europäischen Trader

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Hello dear traders,

Private customers in Germany should also be protected from losing their entire assets in highly volatile market situations when trading futures. The Federal Financial Supervisory Authority (BaFin) is therefore planning to restrict the marketing, distribution and sale of futures with additional payment obligations. Private customers would then no longer be allowed to trade in these products. Already 4 years ago, the traders in the field of CFD were incapacitated.

From BaFin's point of view, trading in financial products that are associated with an obligation to make additional payments entails considerable risks for retail customers. In highly volatile market situations, these products can result in unlimited losses. If the capital invested by an investor is not sufficient to compensate for losses, he must use his other assets to make up for it. Small investors can lose far more than their invested capital and in the past sometimes had to pay six-figure euro amounts as an additional payment. Therefore, extreme regulations must be expected.

What will future traders face, what will happen to American futures accounts and what alternatives are there? I have produced a current video on these questions, which will be published here tonight at 5:00 p.m. There you will get very interesting information that will save you a lot of money in the future.

Was wird auf die Future Trader zukommen, was passiert mit den amerikanischen Future Konten und welche Alternativen gibt es? Zu diesen Fragen habe ich ein aktuelles Video produziert, das heute Abend hier um 17:00 Uhr veröffentlicht wird. Dort erhaltet ihr sehr interessante Informationen, die euch zukünftig viel Geld sparen werden.

I wish you continued successful trading until tonight.

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1769 ---
The end for futures in Europe?

Important for all 300,000 European traders

Hello dear traders,

The Federal Financial Supervisory Authority (BaFin) plans to restrict the marketing, distribution and sale of futures with additional payment obligations. Private customers would then no longer be able to freely trade in these products. What will future traders face, what will happen to American futures accounts and what alternatives are there? To these questions I have produced a current video that could give you some answers.

Inserted Video

I wish you a continued successful trading week

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1770 ---
Beware of these trading coaches

Hello dear subscribers,

In the last few weeks I have received many inquiries from you about my opinion on certain trading coaches. Unfortunately, there is still no independent comparative test in this market to find the best coach. That's exactly why I want to give you some tips that can potentially save you a lot of money in the future. I can only give you these tips because I am not a trading coach myself. Since I have been a successful trainer in the field of financial intermediaries for over 20 years, I have the relevant experience of what to look out for in coaching. In principle, every coach who does not have the appropriate training in the financial market is dubious, but that is not yet criminal. Anyone can call themselves a coach, as this is not a protected profession. But it becomes criminal if the coach wants to enrich himself with your money through deception. Then we are in the area of investment fraud and there are hefty penalties for that. If you spend €10,000 on a used car, you will do everything you can to inspect this vehicle in the best possible way. You should do the same in the field of trading coaches. And another little tip: take your time. The markets don't run away from you, every day there are new opportunities in the stock market. In the video I show you what you should pay attention to so that you don't experience any nasty surprises at the end.

Inserted Video

I keep my fingers crossed that you always make the right decisions in your life and I look forward to seeing you here again soon.

Best regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #1771 ---
You should do without these trading coaches

Hello dear bionic traders,

In my last post we talked about the goals of coaching and mentoring and how to find out which type of coaching would be optimal. Today we talk about what to look for when looking for a coach or mentor and how to find the right trainer. In addition, you will receive a requirement profile that, in my opinion, a good and serious coach should meet. We also look at the costs and when coaching is actually worthwhile. Unfortunately, there is no comparison portal where you can compare the individual providers, so you are forced to listen to your inner voice. Most decisions are made emotionally, and many coaches use this situation to their advantage.

Inserted Video

I keep my fingers crossed that you always make the right decisions in your life and I wish you a successful trading next week.

Best regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #1772 ---
Breakouts see bevorhand

Hello dear bionic traders,

In today's video I would like to take you on a week's journey, where I made ten predictions about the possible and future price development. You can then immediately see how right or wrong I was. In some of my videos we kept talking about my specially filtered limit orders and how important they are for a future price prediction. With this video we will examine these limit orders more closely and to what extent they can actually make a reliable price forecast. In principle, the greatest volatility was to be expected on Wednesday, June 16 at around 8:00 p.m., as the Fed promised a statement and a press conference there. The Euro-US Dollar was down 148 pips on the day, nearly double the average daily range. The press headline the next day read: Fed Decision Boosts Dollar. But is this statement true and was the Fed actually responsible for the price falling so sharply? We will deal with the question more intensively at the end and you will be amazed at what comes out of it.

Inserted Video

I wish you a nice trading week.

Best regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #1773 ---
The most effective candle on the market

Hello dear bionic traders,

Candlestick formations used to be a reliable indicator in trading, but with the advent of trading algorithms, these patterns have become increasingly ambiguous. This resulted in a new type of candle that follows this algorithmic approach of institutional traders. In today's post we will talk about these algorithmic candles and their advantages. The big players work with algorithms that make it easier for them to control individual market and limit orders. These algorithms are very difficult to program because they have to ensure communication between the individual order types. There are algorithms that scan the market for certain anomalies, e.g. hidden stops, and there are algorithms that trigger specific trading strategies. In the event of a breakout, market orders are fired into the market while simultaneously canceling limit orders that would be holding up your own market orders. In order not to have to program new algorithms every day, the internal processes remain within the algorithms. For this, the big players create invisible price zones in the market, which are simply shifted depending on the situation. This means that the algorithms can only be moved to a different price level and continue to follow their programming. For this purpose, an efficient candle was developed, which makes it easier to identify the invisible price zones of the big players and to determine possible trend reversals with a higher probability.

Inserted Video

I wish you a great weekend

Best regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #1774 ---
Why 90% of traders lose money

Hello dear bionic traders,

There are around 5 million retail traders worldwide, 90% of whom lose every month. That's a shockingly high number and at first glance you can't believe that such a high rate of loss is possible. In today's post we want to look at why this is in detail. In the videos I have produced so far, you will find good solutions that can help you in the future. We can gloss it over as we want. The fact is that only 5% of all traders make long-term profits. 5% are breakeven and 90% suffer losses. The dramatic thing is that the 5% who make profits unfortunately not all traders can make a living from it. The fundamental question is what reason should there be for you, of all people, to be one of the winners in the future. Maybe some of my approaches will help you, if so I would be very happy about it.

Inserted Video

I wish you a great week

Best regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #1775 ---
Hi Michael,

I am going to say something and it probably will not be popular but here goes -

I have been trading since the early 80"s. Started as an apprentice to floor traders then moved to trader status both on the floor and off. Since the early-mid 80"s I have been trading my own private accounts and in all this time, I have scoured the world for data and insight to improve my own trading as well as my family's. In all that time I have never ever seen solid proof/evidence that this 90% statistic is even remotely true in its natural contextual state. I have worked with many broker agents and brokers and liq. providers while in their infancy or beyond and they all tell me the same thing - "Our data is gold. We would never release this data to the public." Please keep in mind I am talking about both FX and classic Brokerage firms. Also, knowing they are not legislated to disclose everything, they are not obligated to provide "order book/order flow" guidance or data to anyone. Therefore they're not legally bound to do anything they don't want to. I am referring to FX markets specifically Spot markets here. Futures, Indices and Core Stock base markets and their sub-classes are a separate issue.

I am writing this because unless a person, seeking to trade a particular instrument etc, accesses documents that relate to global geo-political agendas and plans set forth, they are deemed speculators in the eyes of the establishment. Not my belief or words, it's there in the documents. And as I have seen from some of your own information, you have invested time into looking at how markets go toe to toe. But this stat being thrown around is not founded in reality. People need to read this carefully, rather than dismissing it and need to try to see the big picture.

At the basic level people do not understand the 'financial market centres' and their operations. That is all. That is the overwhelming reason why people consistently attempt to "trade" a market and get sideswiped or run over. Losing more than they hoped or were prepared to lose ..... then blame the world and the markets.

I know this is your thread and I know the level of detail and time you put into your work here. I simply felt that 'the blind leading the blind' record has been overplayed and poorly explained.

A trader's 'destiny' is their own. This is what my experience has shown me. The trading "culture" around now is not real life. It's more similar to 'fantasy football' and its following and popularity than being close to reality.

Anyway, do with this as you choose. I hope this finds you well.

Peter

--- 帖子 #1776 ---
Hi Peter,

First of all, thank you for your views and comments. In principle, I accept every other opinion, but that does not necessarily mean that I have to agree. First of all, most numbers quoted in the Forex market are based solely on personal opinions, no matter what number is quoted it will never be accurate. In Germany, brokers are legally obliged to publish the percentage of traders who have lost on their website. Since on average more than 85% of all participants lose there, it can be assumed that the brokers will optimize the legally required number of losing traders to their advantage. I totally agree with you that every trader is responsible for his own destiny. It's a human need for me to explain my personal opinion and experience to people who follow my blog because I feel like I'm helping them. I do this free of charge and voluntarily, with no ulterior motive to enrich myself. I find that traders who have been trading for more than ten years also have an obligation to protect other people from harm through their experience.

However, it doesn't matter if 90%, 80% or 70% of all traders lose, because basically this is just an average number. The average height of a German is 1.80 m, which is also a nonsensical number. The bottom line is that more traders lose than win, and as experienced traders we have an obligation to share our experiences to provide food for thought for the less experienced traders. As I have repeatedly emphasized, the words I have written represent my personal opinion only. I will not discuss it either, because an opinion is an opinion, nothing more and nothing less. By the way, I don't feel offended by your opinion either, since you have the right to have a different opinion than mine. You have also expressed yourself neutrally, which I find very positive. Nonetheless, I still stand by my opinion.

Unfortunately, in our world far too much is discussed instead of doing something. You can see that very nicely in Germany right now. While people are dying in Ukraine, Germany is discussing gender madness. You really have to ask yourself, what kind of world do we actually live in? One can only hope that our youth will learn from our mistakes and do better in the future.

All the best for the future

Greetings Michae

--- 帖子 #1777 ---
Michael,

I do not know if I should write anything further here in response, as it may clutter your thread, but I sense something short and quick needs to be added here. Entrenched in both what you and I have said, needs attention. I have found that an opinion turns into something more, of its own doing, as an investigation progresses further and further along. People need to appreciate that this happens naturally without any involvement from 'the person'. Of course I do not believe that everything I say is "right" or " the truth", that would be folly. What needs to be understood by more people, is the nature of why they start to investigate something, their motive for doing this. An eg would be, in what you said about German brokers and 'being legally obligated'. Every colleague I have had who was or is involved in brokerage, has made it clear to me that it is a business and being so, always has 2 shades to its position. Unfortunately when someone puts people and "money" in the same room, the game changes. So legal is usually a shade rather than a definite. What I have noticed on this and other sites, is a repeating theme = opinion held up as fact/real. (Not specifically suggesting you here). I see a lot of myself in you ..... your desire to investigate beyond many of the levies that others are too lazy to look into just as one example. There is a point where a microphone must become a billboard. And an opinion must not be captured but instead be released so it can learn. Grown ups today seem to suffer from "not my problem let someone else deal with it" syndrome. I also see it in the trading culture. So I don't think using the label "trader" is appropriate anymore to describe most people. There is a rite of passage for people to learn and I sense if each person tracked their meandering path, they would find they have not traveled as far as they think or believe. Children always learn from grown ups and grown ups always seem to learn from adults. And adults have learned from Life but never from other's opinions. That's all. I'll stop there. Thank you for accepting my input here.

Peter

--- 帖子 #1778 ---
Fact = opinion?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Hello dear subscribers,

Today, for once, it's about the exciting topic of opinion. In epistemology, an opinion or conception is understood to mean a form of belief that is different from knowledge and belief. It is absolutely correct that nowadays opinions are declared to be facts and recognized findings are downgraded to opinions. But what is fact and what is just an opinion? Among other things, courts deal with this question, which have to decide whether a statement is only an assessment covered by freedom of expression or an assertion of facts.

First of all, a factual statement can be verified, while an opinion cannot be classified as unequivocally right or wrong. But especially in the stock market environment, we deal with different opinions every day, which ultimately ensure that a price runs up or down. The very essence of the exchange is that anyone who trades there is bound to have a different opinion, otherwise a market buy order could never run into a limit sell order.

Let's take climate protection, for example. In political debates, opinions or unsubstantiated claims are often declared facts and at the same time scientifically recognized findings are demoted to opinions. US President Donald Trump and Brazil's President Bolsonaro have repeatedly claimed that there is no scientific evidence of climate change. This takes climate change down from a fact to an opinion, with the public now believing that this is just a matter of differing opinions. And it is precisely from these different opinions that every person now chooses what suits them best.

First of all, from my point of view, science has a certain share of the blame in this. Have you ever dealt very intensively with scientific papers? Globally, the proportion of scientists is probably around 1%. This group of scientists uses their own language, which is often not clear or understandable for the remaining 99%. Of course, a scientist wants to shine with his research, but one often has the feeling that he writes these papers more for his colleagues than for the other 99% of the people. And now comes the crucial point. What a person does not understand, he would never bring into the world as his own opinion. Perhaps we should start making scientific work understandable for normal people.

Of course, there are also countless scientific works in the field of stock exchanges, but due to the scientific language, they hardly get any attention among traders. We find here an academic paper from 2020, where the predictive power of adaptive candlestick patterns in the forex market (EURUSD) was examined. The finding that there are no clear patterns leading to a positive financial benefit was not surprising.

Attached File(s)   candlestick patterns in the forex market.pdf

2.0 MB
|
760 downloads

A candle arises from price and time. The price is created by random market orders entering the market running into the limit orders. At the same time, the random pulling or stacking within the limit orders decides whether a market order will go through or the market order will be held up. A candle is now formed from this price within a fixed time frame. This makes it logical and clear that this candle can only arise by chance. Probably no scientific work would have been needed for this.

The following derivation can now be made from this. In the Forex market, most indicators are calculated from price. Since we know that the price is determined only by chance, we must also assume that the information from the indicators will ultimately bring only a random result. However, this is only my opinion, which has not yet been scientifically verified.

It is said that between two different opinions, the truth always lies in the middle. I don't share this opinion, because in programming there is only 0 or 1. Unfortunately, there are few things in our world that we can judge correctly because of personal reservations. In addition, we are often manipulated. When an employee goes to his manager with his opinion and comes back with his opinion, it is called an exchange of views. That means we value people who speak their minds freshly and openly, provided they mean the same thing as we do.

Of course, freedom means having the right to tell others what they don't want to hear. The pinnacle of stupidity is the art of judging books without ever having read them. Some people find it difficult to think, which is why you judge. For this reason, before one shake his head, he should make sure that he actually have a head.

The problem with opinion is that most people don't have an opinion of their own. Either they have no opinion at all, or they adopt an opinion that suits you best. The challenge is, most of the time when you adopt an opinion, you've missed the chance to check that opinion first. Another problem is that people tend to believe the bad rather than the good.

The greatest power is public opinion. Nobody knows exactly who set it up, nobody questions it and everyone lets itself be influenced by it. As we all know, the crowd is always right. Incidentally, we also see this in the loss ratios in the Forex market . And then there is the very special opinion leader. He doesn't know what he's talking about, but he knows he's always right. Interestingly enough, it is precisely the uneducated who defend their opinion without knowing the exact background. It's like our watches, they run differently and yet you believe that only your own watch shows the right time. This means that every person declares their personal reality to be the correct reality.

And finally, there are the people who think mostly about what other people think of them. They know very well that in order to get enemies, it is not necessary to declare war. It's enough to just say what's on your mind. And that's the big problem in our lives. Because first man learns to walk and speak, later he learns to sit still and keep his mouth shut.

Of course, you can also make yourself unpopular at first in order to be taken seriously afterwards. But those who want to hear the truth should first ask themselves whether they can endure the truth.

But what solution could there be to ensure that opinions are handled well in the future?

Well first of all I believe that you should question all your opinions on a regular basis if you want to develop as a person. If you say A, you don't automatically have to say B, because you can also tell that A was wrong. Another interesting aspect is that women's hunches are usually more reliable than men's knowledge.

The saying: "How should I know what I'm thinking before I hear what I'm saying" sums it up perfectly. I have to question my opinion without questioning myself. Because as Konrad Adenauer said so beautifully: "What do I care about my chatter from yesterday, nothing prevents me from getting a little smarter every day".

The German word for opinion is "Meinung". The first syllable means mine and that says it all. Unfortunately, our life is always about being right, about being the better and the stronger. But unfortunately we are not, because there are 8 billion people in the world and from a statistical point of view there will always be someone who is better or faster than ourselves. That means we should treat other people with a little more respect in the future. As you move up the corporate ladder, you should be friendly to everyone because you will meet them again on the way down.

The statements made in this article only reflect my personal opinion, which is neither scientifically tested nor certified. As a human being, I allow myself to change or adapt my opinion at any time.

With a wink I wish you a very successful trading week

Best regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #1779 ---
Calculate trend reversal in advance

Hello dear bionic traders,

In the last post we learned about the benefits of the Bionic Candle and how to identify invisible price zones. Today we talk about some backgrounds that are crucial to generate future market advantages from it. In a normal candle chart, we cannot see the current strength within the candle. We will take a closer look at why this works with the Bionic candle. In addition, we will identify other key zones on the chart and see how the price reacts to them.

Inserted Video

I wish you a relaxing weekend

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1780 ---
Part time strategy to become a successful trader

Hello dear bionic traders,

The dream of many people, they want to become a successful trader. But what's the smartest way to go about it? Do I jump in at the deep end and start full-time immediately, or is there a good alternative that offers me the necessary security and maybe even makes me profitable in 3 years. In addition, I will give you some important information that will significantly increase your probability of winning. For this I analyzed some 100,000 candles, the result is very interesting and will help you in trading.

Inserted Video

I wish you a successful trading week

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1781 ---
Trading is cheating?

Hello dear algorithm traders,

there are always voices claiming that trading is mostly cheating as most traders lose. When looking for a possible scammer, we need to analyze the foreign exchange market. First of all, a retail trader needs a broker, who in turn passes on the orders to a liquidity provider, which allows direct access to the foreign exchange market. In the foreign exchange market, the respective orders then meet the larger market participants. The processes are similar in the futures or stock market. This gives five candidates for possible fraud or excessive losses. In today's article, we will review these five target groups with the help of data, facts and figures. Very interesting things come to light, which even I would not have expected beforehand.

Inserted Video

I wish you a great weekend and continued success in trading

Best regards Michael

--- 帖子 #1782 ---
Part time, 100 times less losses

Hello dear bionic traders,

Today I will show you how a part-time trader who tries to break even, loses only € 160 instead of € 16,000 and has the same learning effect as someone who has lost € 15,480 more. In addition, I will show you exactly how you can reach your breakeven point much more efficiently and at what point it makes sense to recoup your losses. We will also look at real examples from practice.

Inserted Video

I wish you a successful trading week

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1783 ---
Maximum loss of € 160 as a scalper

Hello dear algorithm traders,

Today's video is about the most important topic: your breakeven point, which 90% of all traders have not yet reached. I will show you exactly which points you have to pay attention to in order to reach this breakeven point as efficiently and quickly as possible. I will also present you with practice results from a trading beginner who only started trading as a part-time scalper a few weeks ago. Very interesting insights come to light that will certainly save you a lot of money in the future.

Inserted Video

I wish you a great week and continued success in trading

Best regards Michael

--- 帖子 #1784 ---
Margin Call

Hello dear algorithm traders,

Today's post is about leverage and margin and what exactly you need to do to avoid a future margin call. We deal with the question to what extent high leverage is dangerous and what advantages and disadvantages result from margin trading. Is a lever a loan and why can you achieve such a supposedly high return with it? Overall, we will come to some results that many of you would not have expected.

Inserted Video

I wish you a great week and continued success in trading

Best regards Michael

--- 帖子 #1785 ---
Trading with debt capital, demo or real money

Hello dear algorithm traders,

Today we're making a big movie, because we will compare the differences between debt capital, demo and real money trading. We look at the extent to which demo trading is helpful and also talk about the different emotions that we encounter every day in trading. We will also look at how we can optimally train these emotions in the future. In the overall result, you will at the end see a clear procedure with which you will have your emotions under control in the future. The choice is yours, you can choose to trade, where your chances of success are around 10%. Or you opt for self-employment where the chances of success are 5 times higher, at around 50%. Are you aware of these probabilities and still want to decide to trade?

Inserted Video

I wish you a great week and continued success in trading

Best regards Michael

--- 帖子 #1786 ---
Future versus Forex

Hello dear algorithm traders,

now that futures have also slipped into BaFin's focus, we will have to reckon with significant regulations in this area in the coming months. Of course, there are already various future brokers who, together with their trading coaches, want to calm the heated spirits and promise you a future solution. Don't worry you will be able to continue trading futures with us in the future. The question is always at what price? For this reason, today we will compare the already regulated forex market with the future regulated futures market.

Inserted Video

I wish you a great week and continued success in trading

Best regards Michael

--- 帖子 #1787 ---
Read charts correctly

Hello dear algorithm traders,

Many traders spend their lives searching for the holy grail. You dream of recognizing every turning point in advance as possible in order to earn a lot of money with it. In today's post we talk about how a trader is able to read the charts correctly over the long term. An important topic here are the price gaps that we encounter again and again in the chart. With the stock market wisdom that 90% of all price gaps are closed again, traders often get involved in daring trade executions. In today's post we look at the largest gap in EURUSD that has emerged in the last ten years and how traders have reacted to it. At the end we look at an outbreak and how you can clearly identify it beforehand.

Inserted Video

I wish you a great week and continued success in trading

Best regards Michael

--- 帖子 #1788 ---
Sensation in the forex market

Hello dear bionic traders,

Since 1984, the World Cup Trading Championships (WCTC) has held a World Trader Championship every year. There are different categories and I only compared 3 categories stocks, forex and future. Only real money is traded over a period of one year. The returns are not representative of all traders, but provide a rough overview as all participants had the same conditions. The average return across all categories is 190% per year. It should be clear to everyone that such a return can only be achieved with an increased willingness to take risks in trading.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Stocks

In the area of equities, an average performance of 81% per year was achieved within 11 years

Forex

In the Forex sector, an average performance of 133% per year was achieved within 12 years

Futures

In the futures area, an average performance of 339% per year was achieved within 34 years

In my opinion, the stocks market is one of the most difficult markets to trade on the stock exchange, because a lot of background information is necessary for good performance. A return of over 81% is an absolute top performance in this market segment. Now let's compare the forex market to the futures market. Basically, it is noticeable that the yield in the futures market is 2.5 times as high as in the forex market. However, it must be noted that many beginners trade in the forex market, while the futures market is used almost exclusively by professionals and experienced traders. Many traders who started out in the forex market are now trading in the futures market. Based on the figures, it can be assumed that trading in the stock market is almost 4 times harder and in the forex market 2.5 times more difficult than in the futures market. This is fundamentally an important finding when trading in one of these markets.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Last year there was a small sensation in the field of the World Cup. It was the first time in the history of this world championship that a forex trader had more returns in one year than a futures trader. But this return was not an isolated case, because even in the following places 2-5, the forex traders were able to achieve significantly higher returns than their future colleagues. The average return for the top five places was 169.3% in the futures market, while the forex market returned 232.1%. That's a whopping 37% more returns. It was noticeable that the top five places in the forex market came from European countries. So far, the futures market has been able to clearly defend its supremacy, but that could possibly change in the future. And nobody should claim that the Forex market is only a market for beginners. Of course, one swallow doesn't make a summer, but I think many will now realize that the forex traders will be a force to be reckoned with in the future.

I wish you a successful trading week.

Best regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #1789 ---
Big Player Ping Pong Strategy

Hello dear algorithm traders,

In today's video, we're going to look at a new strategy used by the big players that has been tested over and over for the past few months. In this way, the big players increase their efficiency in trading on the one hand and reduce their risk at the same time. In one of my last videos: "How do big players achieve returns" and "extreme currency exchange", we have already dealt with different strategies of the big players, which are increasingly violating the requirements of the stock exchange supervisory authorities. The supervisory authorities have no chance of identifying these violations, because how do they intend to check container loads full of paper with the orders submitted in the foreseeable future? In addition, it is very difficult to review the algorithms in place at this point in time to understand their impact on each order execution.

Inserted Video

I wish you a lot of fun and good luck in trading

Best regards Michael

--- 帖子 #1790 ---
The SWOT analysis

Hello dear traders,

In today's post, we're starting a new series of interesting information that so far many traders have neglected. The background: We traders often focus on systems, setups, algorithms or strategies without thinking about ourselves first. Success is often so close to us, but we don't see the forest for the trees. That is why we doggedly concentrate on things that actually do not get us any further. Not the volume or a new indicator ensure our breakthrough, but only the knowledge about ourselves. So we are daily in search of the holy grail, without knowing that it is right in front of our noses. In the frenzy of defeating the market, we forget the crucial point, who we are ourselves.

Inserted Video

I wish you a lot of fun and good luck in trading

Best regards Michael

--- 帖子 #1791 ---
Another very relevant post, Michael. Thanks, as always.

--- 帖子 #1792 ---
Hello Lem, thank you very much, I'm glad if this information helps you. I wish you a nice Easter and look forward to hearing from you again soon. Best regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #1793 ---
You too, Michael. Hope you have a lovely Easter weekend.

--- 帖子 #1794 ---
Protection from a Black Swan

Hello dear algorithm traders,

In today's post, we're going to talk about how we can protect ourselves from possible losses on a black swan. Unexpected and improbable events with a significant impact are referred to in economics as black swans. There have been massive price losses on the stock exchange in recent years, which have driven many traders to ruin. Of course, such black swan events cannot be predicted and that is exactly why it is important to achieve the highest possible level of security in order to be optimally protected in the “worst case”. There are a few ways to do that, which we'll cover in this video.

Inserted Video

I wish you a lot of fun and good luck in trading

Best regards Michael

--- 帖子 #1795 ---
Great topic, Mate.  Looking forward to following this series.  Cheers!

--- 帖子 #1796 ---
Hello TooSlow, thank you, I'm glad if you like the topic. In the next video there is an opportunity to find out which type of trader you belong to. I wish you a nice weekend. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1797 ---
What type of trader are you?

Hello dear algorithm traders,

Today's post was very laborious to create, because I translated the most important content from my video into English again especially for you. Since there are different terms for certain words, there may be errors or inconsistencies in my translation. I ask for your understanding, although I have tried very hard. Unfortunately, I was only able to translate the 10 most important slides. If you want to create this trader analysis optimally, I ask you to proceed as follows. Read my English text first and then watch the video. There you can see exactly how to proceed with the analysis. Then you can answer the questions and make your evaluation. I wish you alot of fun. You can find all the questions in English on my blog at Forex Factory. Here is the link:

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...5#post13667535

Inserted Video

I wish you a lot of fun and good luck in trading

Best regards Michael

--- 帖子 #1798 ---
What does volume trading bring?

Hello dear traders,

over the past twelve years, volume trading has been pushed by many trading coaches because it has been a very lucrative source of income for them. In today's post, we're going to take a close look at how volume trading increases our probability of winning. Can you actually determine most of the reversal points with volume trading in advance and is it worth booking the expensive volume seminars of the trading coaches? In this respect, today is a very interesting topic that I think will open the eyes of many traders. However, as with all free information, in the end each participant will have to decide for themselves how to use this information for themselves.

Inserted Video

I wish you a great weekend

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1799 ---
In my experience, the principles of trading in/through the financial markets have not changed at all in over 1000 yrs...... yes that says 1000. Although the way they "look" may be different it's the same as it was for merchants on the trail as well as in the bazaar. Of course, herein sits the problem .... 'modern man' knows little to nothing about true history, so their memory is weak and full of holes and full of things that simply aren't true. Volume is an interesting subject for "traders" because to one person it's BS and to another it's "the best thing ever". But to me, volume is just the ice cream scoop on top of the ice cream cone. What I see is that most people 'on and off the field' do not evolve. I'm not referring to "Darwin's theory" etc, but to the basic precept of a person. In trading, if you become too reliant on the ice cream scoop, then you automatically absorb the belief that it is 'necessary and useful'. This is a mistake, it need only be a stepping stone. "The Modern person" trusts technology over themself and so now, we are walking into a trap. Trading in principle, and its rudimentary ingredients have not changed. People call tools the solution and forget that some people have been doing it a lot longer (and better) and have realized certain things about what is considered real.

What I see is that people do not evolve beyond their reliance on that external feed/source. They do not map what they have learned and so, never truly learn anything. There are specific stark truths present in trading and a computer screen can never replace having a knowledge of these things. I know a friend of my son's who only uses Excel and the interval OHLC and a straight horizontal line on his graph/price chart and he returns well over the industry average each week. How? How is this possible? What I and a friend of mine taught him is this - all the modern conventional ways to think and view your tools and resources are a shackle, as is conjuring up some contrarian mindset to explain or justify something. The real test is in making it real, not "simple". (Simple does not mean good/better nor does modern.) He returns in real terms, after tax etc, more than 15% ROROI (Rate of return on investment) per week by keeping it real and by understanding that everything people bitch and winge about these days have ALWAYS been involved in one form or another.

Volume is a tool. Most people from what I have seen, do not know how to use it. They believe it gives them 'insight' in the moment of putting on a trade but really it's creating future patterns of thinking and behaving. A super-dependence on externals. So, real and simple are not the same. I'd say it's time people wake up to themselves and realize the following - "What hath been given can surely be taken back." Modern life junkies would be left inept in a situation where real is the only option and "simple" in conventional terms is no longer an option.

Thank you Michael for allowing me to bring this up.

Peter

--- 帖子 #1800 ---
Would you be so kind and post an example chart showing the horizontal line,?

Thanks, Mate.  CHEERS!

--- 帖子 #1801 ---
Equilibrium, the key to success

Hello Peter,

I agree with you in many areas, but not on all points. When I started my blog at Forex Factory 3.5 years ago, I chose the name Bionics. Bionics is based on the assumption that living nature develops optimized structures and processes from which humans can learn. The earth is almost 4.5 billion years old and during this time nature has developed incredible things that we are already benefiting from today. A well-known example of this is Leonardo da Vinci's idea of transferring the flight of birds to flying machines. Or let's think of dragonflies and the helicopter. Nature has also brought the lotus effect into our lives, things that clean themselves because no dirt sticks to them. The idea of transferring from biology to technology is the central element of bionics. Anyone looking for a new innovation should always steal from nature. The laws of nature also prevail on the stock exchange, from which we can learn every day. The basics of the laws of nature, of course, do not change, but the way in which these laws of nature are viewed and interpreted in today's modern world does. In the Stone Age we didn't need an ABS system because there were no vehicles. And even reverse thrust for airplanes would have been a pointless invention at that time. Of course, one cannot uncover the truth of stock market trading from a screen alone, but even the most experienced trader would be incapable of acting without screens. The trick is to use the laws of nature and at the same time modern technology to achieve the goal more efficiently. Of course you can use an Excel table to calculate coefficients in retail, but I can also make it easier for myself with a computer and spend the time I have gained with my family. I'm not in retail to make more money, but to have more time for the things that really matter. And that's exactly why I need modern technology. Mobile phones are also supposed to save people more time, and what are they doing instead? Facebook, TikTok and Instagram rob him of more time than before without a cell phone. Modern technology is good if you can manage without it. But that's no reason to give them up entirely. In everything we do we have to keep the word "too" in mind. "Too" much exercise is unhealthy, as is "too" little exercise. So we have to find our balance, because that's where our success lies.

PS: It's not for nothing that this blog is called: Equilibrium, the key to success.

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1802 ---
Concrete chances against big players

Hello dear traders,

in my last two videos I showed you how to analyze your strengths and weaknesses in order to increase your chances and minimize the risks. Today we want to compare the strengths and weaknesses of the big players with the retail traders and work out where our greatest opportunities lie. As always, it is my personal opinion, which of course can be very different from other traders. Many traders assume that the big players have formed a secret consortium, coordinate, work together and manipulate prices. In addition, I cordially invite you to take part in our new project.

Inserted Video

I wish you a nice day

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1803 ---
...... Fair enough. All I can say is, you have more to learn. But that is another discussion entirely. Thank you for your reply. I won't clog up this thread anymore, unless you or others wish to continue this line of inquiry.

Peter

--- 帖子 #1804 ---
Don't we all have to learn something new every day? Of course, I also have to learn a lot, because that is exactly what makes a successful trader. Learning is like rowing against the current, if you stop, you will be carried along with the current. And that's why I work on it every day to expand my knowledge. But as an enlightened person, I always decide for myself which knowledge will help me in the end or what will waste my time. Many discussions about whether or not a sack of rice falls over in China don't get me anywhere, so I stay away from it. I am a practitioner and prefer to exchange ideas with experienced traders in live trading. That brings me a lot more.

By the way, there is a nice quote:

Beware of people who know everything better and put themselves above you, because they spoil every good thought and idea. Connect with people who think differently, because they not only enrich your thoughts and ideas, but also your life.

I hope that with this we can end this kind of discussion. However, I am available for practical trading approaches.

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1805 ---
Who brakes, loses

Hello dear traders,

today's post is about the most important topic that affects both beginners and advanced traders. Of course, this not only applies to trading, but also to many situations in our lives. Everyone knows that moment when you think about giving up. The thought is seductive because it's easier to give up than to keep pursuing your goal. The decisive factor is that people with particularly high ambitions always have to accept setbacks and this is exactly where the wheat separates from the chaff. There have always been people who have already achieved the impossible. Whether they built a global corporation out of a garage, conquered an illness or achieved something nobody believed in. Continuing where most people give up is what makes us oustanding and has produced many “winners”. If our path were always easy, everyone would walk it. 99 percent of the time it's just our thoughts that make us fail. Let's see how we can trick these thoughts with different measures.

Inserted Video

I wish you a nice day

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1806 ---
The big players' iceberg orders

Hello dear traders,

In today's post we will take a closer look at the iceberg orders. What is the difference between native and synthetic iceberg jobs, where and when are they used? We create a profitability analysis of iceberg orders compared to normal limit and market orders and look at some examples where iceberg orders are increasingly used. The distribution of iceberg orders based on the total volume is also interesting. As always, my contributions are only about my personal opinion or experience. The measures available to traders have not changed significantly for centuries and probably millennia since the first type of trading venues were established. The speed with which certain orders are delivered to the exchange, how the exchanges process them and give appropriate feedback has changed significantly. Also, the market data has changed significantly, mainly due to the improved technology and bandwidth. Market data today enables much greater market transparency.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success

Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #1807 ---
Debt Prop Trading

Hello dear traders,

Today's post is about trading with dept capital, also known as prop trading. Many beginners dream of trading with dept capital without making a loss and at the same time making a lot of money with this strategy. Today we look at different models of proprietary trading, analyze the advantages and disadvantages and also take a look at the legal and tax aspects. Since each of your situations is of course different, you should definitely consult a tax advisor, lawyer or auditor before concluding a contract with a prop company in order to get a personal overview. There are also different contracts and offers with the prop companies, which of course cannot all be taken into account. Nevertheless, today you will learn things that you would not have expected and how you can protect yourself from them. The examples created in this video do not constitute tax or legal advice, I always recommend that you consult an appropriate professional.

Inserted Video

I wish you a nice day

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1808 ---
Identification of the iceberg orders

Hello dear traders,

today we will deal more closely with the identification of the iceberg orders. We look at an example of how a big player makes volume available to himself without performing a currency exchange. What is the difference between MBO and MBP data and is MBO data really worth it? There are some providers of stock market software who promise that they can be used to identify the majority of iceberg orders, which we will also take a closer look at.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success

Kind regards Michael

--- 帖子 #1809 ---
An alle deutschen Trader

Hallo liebe Trader,

ihr kennt ja bereits die Bionic Kerze, die seit 2019 knapp 20.000mal runtergeladen wurde. Dafür habe ich auch einen englischen Thread erstellt, wo ich bisher 8 englische Videos über die Bionic Kerze veröffentlicht habe. Diese 8 Videos habe ich nun extra für euch in Deutsch übersetzt und dafür einen deutschen Kanal eröffnet. Damit wird der Austausch für alle die Deutsch sprechen noch einfacher.

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...ex-algorithmen

Da die Hauptsprache bei FF Englisch ist, befindet sich der deutsche Thread in der Members Lounge. Dafür müsst ihr bei Forex Factory registriert sein, sonst kommt ihr dort nicht rein. Bei YouTube sind die Videos übrigens nicht öffentlich zugänglich.

Ich hoffe, dass ich euch damit weiterhelfen konnte und freue mich auf einen weiteren Austausch.

Ganz liebe Grüße Michael

--- 帖子 #1810 ---
How does stock market / DoM

Hello dear traders,

In today's post, we'll take a look at how the stock market actually works and why many traders get fail even with the highly acclaimed volume trading. To this end, I have created a very interesting comparison for you today that will bring you right in the eye of the tornado and thus give you a better understanding of the actual cause of the price movement. In principle, I explain here in the simplest way how the DoM works in the stock market. At the end I will give you an understanding of my exact approach in trading and why it works so well.

Inserted Video

I wish you a great weekend

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1811 ---
Projekt Bionic Zonen

Hello dear bionic traders,

Today's post is about an exciting project to which I would like to invite all German-speaking traders. This is about my bionic candle, which was developed many years ago and follows the institutional approach of the big players. Eight months ago I created a new thread for this at Forex Factory (the largest trader platform in the world), but there are many traders in Germany who have a little difficulty with the English language. For this I have now created a German-language thread to which I would like to invite you today. I even produced eight German videos about the bionic candles, which you can of course find free of charge on this thread. Incidentally, these 8 videos are not available on YouTube. I look forward to you all.

Hallo liebe Bionic Trader,

in dem heutigen Beitrag geht es um ein spannendes Projekt zu dem ich euch alle einladen möchte. Hierbei geht es um meine, vor vielen Jahren entwickelte Bionic Kerze, die dem institutionellen Ansatz der Big Player folgt. Vor acht Monaten habe ich dafür bei Forex Factory einen neuen Thread erstellt, allerdings gibt es in Deutschland viele Trader die sich mit der englischen Sprache etwas schwertun. Dafür habe ich nun einen deutschsprachigen Thread erstellt zu dem ich euch heute herzlich einladen möchte. Dafür habe ich sogar extra acht deutsche Videos über die Bionic Kerzen produziert die ihr natürlich kostenlos auf diesem Thread findet. Diese 8 Videos stehen übrigens bei YouTube nicht zur Verfügung. Ich freue mich auf Euch.

Inserted Video

Ich wünsche euch eine sehr erfolgreiche Woche

Liebe Grüße Michael

--- 帖子 #1812 ---
Currency strength in forex

Hello dear traders,

Today's post is about currency strength, an advantage that you only get in the foreign exchange or forex market but not in the futures market. We look at the individual effects and whether you can use this information to increase your probability of winning. We also compare paid currency meters with free currency meters, the result will surprise you. With the right approach, by the end of my post you will be able to immediately identify the strength of 28 different currency pairs. You will of course get the appropriate tools from me. In addition, I cordially invite you to take part in our new project.

Inserted Video

I wish you a nice day.

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1813 ---
Important message
for everyone who wants to work with my templates in the field of currency strength

Hello dear traders,

The Currency Strength Indicator (MADash), developed by honestknave, has been time locked for security reasons. Every year he became unlocked for free for all members. You should download the latest version here.

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...3#post13330853

Please exchange this (MADash) for the old MADash in my templates, then everything will work.

I wish you a nice day, greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1814 ---
Indeed. A great example of why each person needs to create their own indications and insights instead of outsourcing. A trading platform is not a toy unless the person is just curious about something to do with trading etc etc. Sorry to mention this Michael but it's a fact of Life.

Happy learning and trading.

Peter

--- 帖子 #1815 ---
Hi Peter,

you probably misunderstood the background of my blog at Forex Factory. Here people work together to support or help each other and not to philosophize. I don't feel offended or attacked, since a similar level of knowledge is required for this. Philosophy and science are often at odds and I don't want to waste time trying to change that. You wrote that you don't want to spam my blog and that I should give you a sign if you did. I would like to accept your suggestion and wish you all the best on your future life.

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1816 ---
Trader rip off

Hello dear bionic traders,

In today's post we look at how we retail traders are being ripped off by different institutions and companies. Of course we are in a free market economy, but that is by no means a license to use unfair methods to get traders' money. Money is exchanged very quickly on the stock exchange and it is therefore clear that this attracts many rip-offs. I don't want to give the impression that everyone on the stock market is a rip-off. Of course, the majority of companies are fair and honest, otherwise nobody would probably speculate on the stock market anymore. However, more than 88% of traders lose their money in the long term and it has nothing to do with a lack of perception or reduced intelligence. The solution is just a clever combination of different factors that we're going to talk about today.

Inserted Video

I wish you a nice Weekend

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1817 ---
Michael,

It's ashame you think excluding intensely relevant pieces of knowledge will bring you any closer to something. I don't spam anyone. I don't work or think that way. But if that dark box is where you are at present then so be it. It still amuses me when I read you saying that it's just philosophizing. I sincerely would not call people leeching and stepping on top of each other as "helping each other", especially when money is involved. But hey, what would I know, I've only been doing this for decades now. What could I have possibly witnessed in all that time. Anyway, sorry for barging in, I'll leave you to your shopfront.

(As I walk away) ...... "Yes yes yes ...... Everyone wants their own shopfront to be noticed."

Peter

--- 帖子 #1818 ---
Hello Peter, thank you very much, continued success for you. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1819 ---
Trading in 2050 with 3D DoM

Hello dear traders,

My new YouTube video is an anniversary video, so today we will take a look into the future to see how our technology could change in the next 30 years, both privately and in trading. Very interesting and exciting projects are just around the corner, which we can look forward to. But this could also lead to possible situations that we should then question critically if necessary. Of course, I'm not a clairvoyant who can foresee the future, so this is just fiction. In the end, the user always decides whether the things we are talking about make sense or not, if it comes to the point that this technology conquers the market.

Inserted Video

I wish you a nice weekend.

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1820 ---
Real returns in trading

Hello dear bionic traders,

A question that occupies every trader is: How much return can you generate with trading and how much money do you need to be able to live on it? We will deal with exactly this topic today and look at different models. We will look at the returns of the most successful institutional traders as they are more comparable to a retailer than a big player. Of course, we will of course also critically examine and question some statements from different trading coaches. All in all, an exciting topic that we can look forward to.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Inserted Video

I wish you a nice Weekend

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1821 ---
EA Expert Advisor

Hello dear subscribers,

Today's post is about Expert Advisors who promise huge returns for many traders. First we will look at how these EA's are structured and examine their advantages and disadvantages. Then I'll show you how some sellers tune their paid EA's in order to sell them. We are also examining the use of EA's by the big players and looking at the position of the programmers. Expert Advisors, also known as EA, are automated trading systems written in the MQL4 and MQL5 programming languages. They are designed to automate trading activities and can be programmed to notify the trader when a trading opportunity arises. Alternatively, EA's can also carry out all of your activities automatically. Order orders are then sent directly to the server, and values for Stop Loss, Take Profit and Trailing Stop are managed and adjusted. EA's follow different rules to find the right times for market entry and exit.

Inserted Video

I wish you a nice week.

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1822 ---
Trading Life Balance

Hello dear bionic traders,

in today's post we talk about Trading Life Balance. I have summarized some aspects for you that are very interesting. Trading Life Balance means achieving moderate monthly performance with the least amount of stress, risk and effort. At first glance this seems harder than it really is. There are a few basic requirements that we look at in this video.

Inserted Video

I wish you a nice Weekend

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1823 ---
New FF indicator scam
100 FF programmers are probably affected

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Hello dear traders,

Forex Factory is the world's largest platform for retail traders and ranks 7,000th of all websites. This means that many people come to this website every day and use the free information that is primarily provided by the Impact Members. The demand for MT4 indicators is particularly popular with FF because it can save a trader a lot of time and money. On FF there are the best MT4 programmers in the world who have been making their indicators available to everyone for free for many years. On the open market, such indicators sometimes charge a few hundred dollars, although these indicators do not work as well as the indicators that you can download for free from FF. Very creative traders program helpful indicators every day and thus enrich many 1000 traders.

Unfortunately there are people who don't make money trading and aren't creative to program indicators or EA's. They use the creative ideas of the FF programmers, steal their indicators and get rich from them. But now a new case has come to light where more than 100 FF programmers are probably affected because their free indicators are being sold by a scammer for a lot of money. I have published an article on this in the thread: "Scammers - Hall of Shame", which you can read here.

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...1#post14021391

PS: Duped scammers scold the loudest.

I wish you a nice day

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1824 ---
Better well chewed than badly invented

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Hello dear traders,

I've been with Forex Factory for more than 4 years now and am proud to be part of a large and innovative community. The reason I joined FF after 7 years full time trading was the exceptional contributions of Hanover and many of his colleagues who are still active today. I was impressed that these people were willing to invest a lot of time to share their knowledge, so that beginners and advanced users in particular could benefit from it. Davit, Ata-Turkoglu, hanover, gatorinla, emmanuel7788, traderathome or FerruFX they all unselfishly support many thousands of traders every day and invest the most valuable thing they have: their time. It doesn't matter which strategy or approach you work with, what matters is that you convey your creative ideas to others and help them with it. These 7 largest high impact members have been with Forex Factory for an average of 13 years and are not a role model for many thousands of traders for nothing. Of course, this also applies to many other high impact members that I could now list here. All of these traders and programmers have one thing in common: getting better every day. And they can only do that with their passion and creativity. The forexmarket is developing incredibly fast, which requires creativity. Few people possess this creativity, however, and some copycats are now trying to use the creativity of others to their advantage.

Today I would like to show you another candidate, this time as a copycat, trying to bring his bad products to the unsuspecting trader with my name. Copycats are so-called startups that imitate already successful business models and thus suggest that they are more successful than they actually are. Basically, there is nothing wrong with someone using the name Bionic, because I didn't invent the term either. However, these are three terms: Bionic Forex Algorithms which are only used by the copycat to pretend seriousness and thus market its catastrophic products.

I haven't registered a trade myself, because you don't need that as a forex trader in Germany. This is only necessary if you sell indicators, trading products or trading seminars, for example. Like other High Impact Members, I make my creative ideas and developments available to all traders at Forex Factory free of charge. If a copycat now appears under my name just to enrich itself financially with junk products, then I have a moral problem with it. For this reason, I would like to make this procedure of the copycat public, so that beginners in particular do not fall for such scammers. I have published an article on this in the thread: "Scammers - Hall of Shame", which you can read here.

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...5#post14024215

PS: Man has three ways of acting wisely: by thinking is the noblest, by imitation is the simplest, by experience is the most bitter.

I wish you a nice day

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1825 ---
Healthy and fit in trading

Hello dear subscribers,

In today's post you will get some tips on how to get healthy and fit through everyday trading. We talk about how to avoid back problems, get fewer headaches, concentrate better on the market and of course also about the dangers of CO2 when trading. I will show you how you can control your heartbeat on the computer screen and how you can possibly improve your health values. With a few tricks you can achieve a lot with little effort.

Inserted Video

I wish you a nice week.

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1826 ---
PC tips in trading

Hello dear bionic traders,

In the last few weeks, many of you have asked me again and again about the optimal components in trading and what exactly is important in the field of technology. In today's post, I'm going to give you some tips and tricks that will save you a lot of time and money in the future. The right approach is crucial in order to put together the right equipment and find the best price-performance ratio. We've already talked about this topic a few times, but today we're going to go into the technology a little more intensively and look at what exactly is important.

Inserted Video

I wish you a nice Weekend

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1827 ---
Yield triangle EURUSD

Hello dear traders,

The yield triangle for the Dax or the S&P has existed for many years, but not for the EURUSD so far. This was probably also due to the fact that the EURUSD is a typical sideways market.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The average monthly return short was -2.19% and the average monthly return long was 2.26%.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

On the year side things were a bit different as EURUSD has risen slightly more than fallen over a 50 year period.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

At the weekend I created a yield triangle in the EURUSD for you. The returns are approximate values, as there are different types of offsetting for interest, not all of which can be recorded here. The right side is buying at the beginning of the year and the bottom side is selling at the end of the year. You can find an example on the slide. Of course, I have also created the Yield Triangle as a PDF for download. I hope that the information will help you.

Continued success.

Greetings Michael

Attached File(s)   EURUSD Yield Triangle.pdf

392 KB
|
298 downloads

--- 帖子 #1828 ---
Big players in the equity, currency and futures markets

Hello dear traders,

in today's post we talk about the biggest big players in the stocks forex and futures market. We look at the corresponding sales of the various assets and compare them with one another. Where are the biggest big players and why are they not so easy to identify in certain markets? Why is there a higher probability of winning in one market than in the other and how can you reduce your liability risk? Why do some big players avoid certain markets? These are just a few of the questions we are dealing with today.

Inserted Video

I wish you a nice week.

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1829 ---
Scam Bionic Forex Trading

Hello dear bionic traders,

in today's post, we're going to look at some fakers and scammers, how they go about getting the money out of your pocket, and what you can do specifically to protect yourself against it. It's about unprofessional hackers, sellers of useless EAS, and desperate trading coaches. In this context, my bionic candle, which I developed years ago, also plays a decisive role. So it will be exciting and very interesting again.

Inserted Video

I wish you a nice Weekend

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1830 ---
Reasons for Algorithm Profiling

Hello dear bionic traders,

In today's post we talk about why it is important to perform algorithm profiling. We use an example to analyze the average sequence of a big player collection up to and including the exit. I will also show you the clear advantages of algorithm profiling and why this is the future. Most traders dream of the holy grail, but when it comes to algorithms, we are getting very close to that holy grail. We know:,on the stock exchange there is only compensation for pain and suffering - first comes the pain, then the money! But for this you need an approach that is only used by a few market participants. This increases the probability of winning and gives us an enormous market advantage. In addition, I cordially invite you to take part in our new project.

Inserted Video

I wish you a nice week

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1831 ---
Scalp traders, day traders or swing traders

Hello dear traders,

In today's video we look at which strategy we have the greatest success with in the long term. Nevertheless, we must be aware that whether we are trading as a scalper, day trader or swing trader, our chance of being able to make a living from trading is just 2.5%. This is anything but a realistic chance. We have to look all the more closely to find out which strategy is best for us. Of course, I can only rely on my own experience, which of course is not representative and can apply to everyone. So it will be exciting and very interesting again.

Inserted Video

I wish you a nice weekend.

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1832 ---
New strategies from the big players

Hello dear traders,

As promised in my last video, today the focus is on the approaches of the big players in the market. First of all, I would like to emphasize that I am only referring to the big players in the EURUSD currency market, as they are demonstrably the largest in the market. In recent years, many experiments have been carried out in EURUSD, with the result that the largest big players have partially completely changed or adapted their future strategies. We will look at some examples of this.

Inserted Video

I wish you a nice week.

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1833 ---
Stock exchange wisdom in the test

Hello dear traders,

in today's post, we analyze different stock market wisdoms and discuss how to follow that advice. Very interesting insights come to light that many of you would not have expected. At the end I would like to give you my personal rules for success, which have saved me a lot of money in recent years. We are also talking about a few interesting Excel spreadsheets that will help you in the area of money management and which I would be happy to make available to you. So it will be exciting and very interesting again.

Inserted Video

I wish you a nice weekend.

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1834 ---
Entry into the algorithms profiling

Hello dear traders,

My last videos gave you a deeper insight into my approach. In today's post we will talk about getting started with algorithm profiling, analyzing the pros and cons, and how you can potentially use this information for yourself. Basically, I would like to emphasize once again that I do not claim to be correct, as it is only my personal opinion. A trading setup always requires an individual approach that every trader has to find for himself.

Inserted Video

I wish you a nice week.

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1835 ---
Obituary Lemercenaire Attached Image (click to enlarge)

You can see the sun slowly going downand yet one is frightenedwhen suddenly it's dark.
A few days ago, Lem fell asleep from the effects of his cancer.
Trading, to which his work was dedicated, was his purpose in life for many years.
His selflessness and unconditional willingness to help have accompanied us for many years.
With his death we lose a great personality and we will always keep him in honorable memory.
Our sincere condolences to his family and friends.

--- 帖子 #1836 ---
Hi Michael

A lovely obituary for Lem - I am sure he is smiling upon us all.

Thanks / Trade well / Mos

--- 帖子 #1837 ---
Hello Mos,

It's a shame that the best people always leave us so quickly. In that moment we realize again how limited our life is. I find it dramatic that we know so little about our counterparts. Although my father accompanied me my whole life and we talked and experienced a lot together, it wasn't until his death that I realized how little I know about him. Life goes by very quickly and we should always reflect on the most important things and these are always the people who have accompanied us a bit in our lives. I feel very sorry for Lem because he was a great person.

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1838 ---
Your post and your memory to Lemercenaire remind us that even in this cold and often remote social media/internet world, we are humans with our heart and soul.

Thanks to all people showing their emotions here and a great last salute to Lemercenaire, humble and nice FF member for so many years!

--- 帖子 #1839 ---
Hello Brixen, thank you for your nice words, I'm sure Lem would appreciate it. Our time is very fast-moving today and unfortunately we often forget the decisive moments in which we made a difference together. What fascinated me about Lem was his incredibly high social skills, with which he gave courage and strength to many traders. He leaves a great void that we fill with our memories and thoughts, but will never be able to close. Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1840 ---
The same procedure as in the EURCHF?

Hello dear traders,

The current situation in the EURUSD reminds me a lot of the price development in 2012 in the EURCHF.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

On September 6, 2011, the Swiss National Bank set a minimum exchange rate of 1.2 Swiss francs per euro. The background was that the Swiss franc had reached a massive overvaluation and thus increased the risk of a deflationary development. With the minimum exchange rate of CHF 1.2, the National Bank was aiming for a significant and lasting weakening of the Swiss franc. This announced that the National Bank wanted to enforce the minimum exchange rate with all the consequences. Half a year later, the euro fell below the minimum exchange rate of 1.20 Swiss francs and was immediately stabilized. From April to September 2012 we can clearly see that the course was repeatedly rejected upwards. At the end of September, massive buy orders came into the market, which then drove the price up sharply. On January 5, 2015, the Swiss National Bank announced that the overvaluation of the Swiss franc has reduced overall since the minimum exchange rate was introduced and that the minimum exchange rate of 1.20 will therefore be abolished. A short time later there was a massive drop in price by a total of 2200 pips or 4400 ticks.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The 1.00 parity appears to be having a similar repelling effect on the price action. The background is that many traders believe in a short and have therefore given up a short position. This situation has gone wrong 3 times now, because 3 times the price has been turned back up. In such a situation, the big players can easily get out of their old short positions and even buy the euro. The strong candles are just the stops of the particular traders who got it wrong. If everyone thinks things are going down, the opposite will usually happen. For me it doesn't matter whether the price goes up or down. The main thing is that we have a movement. And in the last few days that has clearly been the case.

I wish you a successful trading week

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1841 ---
A present for you

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Hello dear bionic traders,

In today's post I would like to give you a personal gift for your loyalty and support over the past two years.

First of all, I asked myself a few questions about what kind of gift could best help you. Certainly some will now say, well, money would be the simplest and best gift and you know what, I agree with that. For this reason I would like to give you something special today that is even worth a lot of money. However, this is not physical money, but an opportunity to either save a lot of money in the future or even earn significantly more money with it. This is an Excel file with four different tables that allow you an unlimited portfolio in the area of money management.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The first table asks: How do I find the best currency pair and is the currency pair you are currently using actually the best for scalping, day trading or swing trading?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The second table is the most extensive and allows several billion different settings in the area of your money management. I have put together some examples for this.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The third table is an interesting extrapolation for your individual system over three years.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

And the fourth table an interesting extrapolation if you scale your profits up.

What's the best way to start working with this spreadsheet now? Well, first of all, I recommend you to watch my video: "A gift for you". There you will find extensive information and examples of how to work optimally with it.

Inserted Video

The tables are also used in many of my other videos, e.g. in the video: "Money Management".

Important:

I assume no liability for the correctness, completeness and topicality of the information in my files, which are made available free of charge. The contents of this file are for information only, they do not constitute investment or trading advice. Please note that you use the data I have provided free of charge at your own risk.

And now I wish you a lot of fun and success and would be happy about a feedback.

Best regards, Michael

You can find the downloadable tables on my blog: “Bionic Forex Algorithms” in the Forex Factory Members Lounge.

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...8#post14068608

If you can't get to the Member Lounge, watch this video!

Inserted Video

--- 帖子 #1842 ---
When does a trader exit

Hello dear traders,

In today's post we will talk about the most important key points in algorithm profiling that are critical to being successful. A very decisive key point is the risk that I determine with my developed pip value per minute. To do this, we look at a small live trade, but it brings great insights. You will be amazed at what comes out of it. In my last video I speaked about the fact, that algorithm profiling requires a certain technology, to be used in order to gain a market advantage. Breaking even is a trader's hardest goal, only 10% manage it in the end. In the following, I will now outline my most important key points. As always, this is only my personal opinion, which of course can stand out from other opinions. From my point of view, there are no patterns in the candles, indicators in the price or in the news. The normal candlestick chart arises purely randomly from the price and time and gives no information about the future price development.

Inserted Video

I wish you a nice week.

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1843 ---
Equilibrium, the key to success

Hello dear traders,

In today's post, we talk about market equilibrium. I realized more than twelve years ago that precisely this balance is my key to success. But unfortunately, the forex market equilibrium differs significantly from a conventional market equilibrium.  Market equilibrium is determined by the equilibrium price for a tangible or intellectual product and the corresponding equilibrium quantity of that product. In market equilibrium, suppliers and demand realize their ideas of price and quantity and the greatest possible turnover is achieved. We will analyze the differences in detail to find out why a Equilibrium still offers the greatest opportunities for a trader.

Inserted Video

I wish you a great weekend

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1844 ---
VPS Tick Chart Linux Windows

Hello dear traders,

In today's post is about the advantages of the tick chart to penetrate deeper into the market and to
identify better resistance zones. It is also ineffective to run your own server for the tick charts, so we

look at the VPS servers from Microsoft and Linux. There are massive differences in speed and even

price differences of up to 500%. In this video we will find out exactly what you should pay attention

to and which alternatives are the best.

Inserted Video

I wish you a nice week.

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1845 ---
Big Player is watching you!

Hello dear traders,

In today's post we will talk about why the big players have such high hit rates and what mistakes the retailers make. Are the big players actually able to see where the retailers are at the moment and if so, how can one protect oneself from this. We talk about why are the big players so keen on our stops and why do the big players rarely get in each other's way. All in all, it will be an exciting post with lots of information about the big players.

Inserted Video

I wish you a great weekend

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1846 ---
Balcony power plant with 8% yield

Hello dear traders,

In today's post we are talking about a return of 8-10% that we can achieve with a balcony power plant. However, we have to use an appropriate lever for this. Within just 1 year, energy prices have literally exploded. Many people ask themselves how things will continue in the future. That's why today we're going to talk about the topic of energy, electricity and gas, what we can expect and how we can protect ourselves from high costs in the future.

Note: (In the video I name a few manufacturers of products that I use myself and with which I have had good experiences. I selected these products according to my personal specifications and extensive internet research and paid for all of them myself. I don't get any money for my statements, I just share my personal opinion. The products are therefore not better or worse than others).

Before one deciding on a product, I generally recommend the following procedure: Concrete research on the Internet, consulting specialists and the experience of trustworthy people, preferably within the family. At the end there is a concrete price comparison to get the best price-performance ratio.

Inserted Video

I wish you a great weekend

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1847 ---
Compare PC Laptop in Trading

Hello dear traders,

in the last few weeks I have been asked again and again whether it is better to use a PC or laptop for trading and which operating system is the best. These questions are not easy to answer at first, as there are different decision criteria, which we will look at in detail. Many mistakes can occur if you do not follow the order of the decision criteria. And that can end up costing a lot of money and time. For young people in particular, mobility is a decisive factor that contributes greatly to independence. Unfortunately, trading mobility has some weaknesses that we need to talk about.

Inserted Video

I wish you a great week

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1848 ---
The fairy tales of Absorption

Hello dear traders,

in today's post we talk about market absorption. Many trading coaches tell their students that absorbing like this is a safe way to make a lot of money. Today we will take a closer look at whether this is actually the case. In addition, we talk about the meaning and background of these absorptions, how and why they occur and whether one can derive an advantage from them, provided that these absorptions are recognized early. All in all it will be exciting and very interesting again.

Inserted Video

I wish you a great weekend

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1849 ---
Scalpers versus day traders

Hello dear traders,

In today's post, we compare a seconds and minutes scalper to a short and medium term day trader. All four have $3000 in their accounts, trade a maximum of one lot and use a leverage of 200. The effective win rate for all four traders is 69.9%, but of course they work with different stops and are also trading for different lengths of time. And that's exactly why the timing at which each of these traders trade has been adjusted. The day traders even have a trading advantage of over 50 hours. The overall result surprised even me and I am convinced that you would not have expected it either. Click here for the video

Inserted Video

In mid-July 2022 I presented the first version of Bionics Moneymanagement V1.0 and provided you with an Excel file. You can find the information here:

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...8#post14068618

Table B has now been revised in Bionics Moneymanagement V1.2 and is available for download on my German blog.

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...7#post14107317

I would be very happy if the information was helpful to you and I wish you continued success.

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1850 ---
Stock market trading opinions and facts

Hello dear traders,

In today's article we talk about opinions and facts that are often misinterpreted, especially in stock market trading. This always leads to misunderstandings because everyone sees things differently. First important for me are the traders who follow this channel to optimize their trading win rates. Unfortunately, in the course of time, people also join in who badmouth an idea or are simply against everything. But I don't run a business here and I would like to show all those who consider my information valuable how we can distinguish between opinions and facts even better in the future.

Inserted Video

I wish you a great week

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1851 ---
My trading strategies

Hello dear traders,

In today's post I will show you my approach to trading, how I combine the data from the stock

exchange and futures market and how I can reconcile chart technology, technical and fundamental

analysis, and algorithms trading. We look at what measures I can use to identify the invisible price

zones of the big players with a very high probability beforehand. All these factors intertwine to

achieve an unbeatable market advantage. This makes it possible to place trades in regions where

only very few are trading at this point.

Inserted Video

I wish you a great week

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1852 ---
Algorithms, the power in trading

Hello dear traders,

In today's post we talk about the algorithms of the big players. We look at what algorithms are needed for, how to read them and what advantages they bring for us retailers. The imbalance between big players and retailers is dramatic. Just looking at their technology should make it clear to everyone what advantage they enjoy in retail. In addition, they are set up and brought into line like an army. The retailers, on the other hand, compete as individuals. But even the best individual is never as good as a group. It gets particularly exciting when you look at the screens of the big players. Here the question arises: Where are the indicators of the volume or footprint chart.

Inserted Video

I wish you a great weekend

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1853 ---
True Lies

Hello dear traders,

In today's video “True Lies” you will see how the big players deceive our eyes and we fall for it every day. Trading is purely a business of probabilities, so let's look at how we can use those probabilities to our advantage. We will highlight some aspects that can help you in your daily trading. In addition, I cordially invite you to take part in our new project.

Inserted Video

I wish you a great week

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1854 ---
The business of greed

Hello dear traders,

In today's post, we'll take a closer look at the business model of the stock exchanges and will first analyze why most people fail at it. Nevertheless, there are clear solutions that we can use to protect ourselves from future surprises. I will show you these today.

Inserted Video

I wish you a successful trading week

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1855 ---
Die hard

Hello dear traders,

More than 5 million traders worldwide try their luck in trading every day. What most people don't even know is that with their approach, they have no realistic chance of ever breaking even. So most of them die a slow loss death and lose a lot of money in the process. In today's post, I'm going to show you what's the best way to break even.

Inserted Video

I wish you a great week

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1856 ---
Finally Bionic candle for the MT5

Hello dear traders,

At the end of 2018 I made the Bionic candle available to all traders free of charge and so far this quick price indicator has been downloaded over 20,000 times. Next week I will make the Bionic candle available for the MT5, but only in a basic version.

I wish you a great weekend.

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1857 ---
Your way to become a profitable trader

Hello dear traders,

Today's post is about the path to becoming a profitable trader, but that is anything but easy, as you will quickly see. In the last months I have published 56 videos on the subject of profitability. In principle, successful trading consists of many individual pieces of the puzzle that a trader has to put together individually based on his or her skills. There are so many things to consider at the same time, that we could spend many months, dealing with them in detail. The fact alone that over 90% of all traders lose in the long term shows how demanding this profession is. It is not enough to hope for a fair chance with a laptop and a moving average. But with the necessary background knowledge and a strategic probability, the breakeven point is within reach.

Inserted Video

I wish you a great week

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1858 ---
Mindset or setup

Hello dear traders,

Many trading coaches always talk about mindset and how important it is in trading. Can you compensate for a lack of expertise and a trading setup with a good mindset or is it all just marketing to make a lot of money? Is it actually possible to beat the big players on the stock market with just your thoughts and attitude and thereby become financially independent? In today's post we will analyze what priority the mindset actually has in relation to trading expertise and trading setup. You'll be amazed at what comes of it.

Inserted Video

I wish you a great week

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1859 ---
Strategic money management

Hello dear traders,

As we all know, success in trading can be influenced with the help of probabilities. In order to use the efficiency of the probabilities optimally, a trader needs the corresponding numbers. As a Formula 1 driver, it is no longer enough just to know his lap times, the telemetry data that shows the driver exactly where he made mistakes is crucial. The money management data for the trader are comparable to the telemetry data in Formula 1. Interestingly, money management is still receiving far too little attention in trading, which may explain the still high loss rates in the retail sector. Imagine you're a pilot and start your plane in Frankfurt to fly to New York. You only rely on the flight view, do not use a compass or a navigation system.

Inserted Video

I wish you a great week

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1860 ---
Avoid the trap

Hello dear traders,

Due to the massive imbalance between big players and retailers, our risk in the market is disproportionately high. The big players have a clear and strategic approach designed to keep trapping us retailers. And indeed, we keep falling for their strategies. Today we will talk about how we can significantly reduce this risk and at the same time optimize our money management.

Inserted Video

I wish you a successful week

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1861 ---
Emotions Psychology in trading

Hello dear traders,

Today's post is about the most important point why so many traders lose. The reason for this lies in our emotions, which are not sufficiently trained and educated when it comes to trading. These emotions are not only responsible for our losses, but also for our gains. The biggest problem is that most traders are unaware of these emotions. How can you change something if you don't even know that you have to change something. In today's video we will deal with the measures you can take to get these emotions under control in the long term.

Inserted Video

I wish you a successful week

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1862 ---
Trading Coach revealed

Hello dear traders,

In the last few months, new trading coaches have been springing up and offering their pointless trading seminars with unfair methods. If you watch the videos, you see successful traders driving their sports cars home to their happy advertising families in the evenings. Word should have gotten around that this type of advertising is anything but realistic. Some incompetent trading coaches are being exposed right now, so it's a good time to warn you again.

Inserted Video

I wish you a successful week

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1863 ---
The "What if plan" in trading

Hello dear traders,

Imagine you are about to enter a trade and you now want to set your stop. Suddenly you find that your mouse is unresponsive. The trade starts going heavily negative against you. You think maybe it's the mouse's power supply and start frantically looking for batteries. Thank God you can still find new batteries and swap them out quickly. Meanwhile, the trade is still going strong against you and would have hit your stop long ago. The new batteries are installed and you try to close the trade, but the mouse still does not respond. When we are in trade, there are some situations that make us lose control of our trade. This loss of control is anything but good and at this moment the stress factor increases to unimagined heights. There are some factors that can trigger such a situation, which we will talk about today. We need some kind of contingency plan for that.

Inserted Video

I wish you a successful week

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1864 ---
Full time trader

Hello dear traders,

In today's post I will show you how you can switch to your main job as a part-time trader within four years. We will take a closer look at the requirements required for this and calculate them. I'll also show you why you don't need a lot of capital to make ends meet. In addition, I will show you why the win rate has a significant impact on the new trader tax and how you can optimize it. All in all, today's topics are very exciting.

Inserted Video

I wish you a successful week

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1865 ---
Finally a non-smoker as a trader

Hello dear traders,

On the occasion of my 100th video, we'll take a trip to a completely different area and talk about how it's easier for traders to become non-smokers or how smokers can save a few €10,000. Our state is becoming more and more greedy and after the new trader tax was introduced, a new and interesting tobacco tax follows. In addition to health, a good reason to stop doing it. But that's easier said than done for many and that's exactly what you'll get some tips for today. If you are a non-smoker yourself, you may know someone you can help with this post.

Inserted Video

This video is about quitting smoking forever. This is not easy as you cannot simply reduce the nicotine content of a cigarette. This works with the e-cigarette, but only if you put the liquid together yourself. I have created an Excel spreadsheet for you so that you can determine the values yourself. You can also determine the resulting financial benefits immediately. Here you find the Excel spreadsheet.

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/post/14192115#post14192115

If you are not registered with Forex Factory, watch this video first

Inserted Video

I keep my fingers crossed that you manage to quit smoking and I wish you good health as well as success in the trade.

Best regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #1866 ---
Big Player the big secret

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Hello dear traders,

although the world's biggest big players are required to keep balance sheets, they are still able to obfuscate their trades in a way that even a professional couldn't see through. In today's article we will evaluate Goldman Sachs' balance sheet very strategically and complete it from a logical point of view. Things come to light that even I didn't expect. Based on the evaluation of the last twelve years, we can draw conclusions about how the big players will proceed in the future. And with this informations we are able to adapt and align our strategies in order to optimize our profit quotas in the future.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading.

Best regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #1867 ---
Currency exchange extreme

Hello dear traders,

in today's article we will deal with currency exchange transactions, which often fool us traders into a false truth. Although a big player shoots massive market buy orders into the market, the price immediately falls sharply afterwards and we wonder how this can happen. I will also show you why the biggest big players in the world would never trade in the futures market and what to look out for when identifying a currency exchange transaction. In addition, I will show you why a footprint chart does not help us in retail. With over $8 trillion in daily turnover, the Forex market is the largest in the world. Compared to the global stock markets, the forex market is 20 times bigger.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading.

Best regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #1868 ---
Invisible Stop Loss

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Hello dear traders,

which of us hasn't it happened to? We are stopped out and right after that the price turns in our traded direction. Is it all right here or are we just a plaything for the broker. Everyone has certainly asked themselves this question and today we will deal with it exactly. What options do we have to protect ourselves from being stopfished by a broker and what measures should we take in relation to this?

Inserted Video

In addition, we are talking about an interesting trading tool that supports us very flexibly in trading and that you can download here. This tool is interesting because you can use it to hide your stop loss from the broker in the future. You can find all further information and the indicator on my German channel.

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...4#post14211364

If you are not yet registered with Forex Factory, watch this video first

Inserted Video

I keep my fingers crossed that you will soon be able to work with an invisible stop loss and wish you continued success in trading.

Best regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #1869 ---
Function of the algorithms

Hello dear traders,

in today's post we will look at how a retail trader is able to use the algorithms to read the individual processes of the big players. There are a few prerequisites for this, which I will go into in detail today. Of course, you need the right technique for this, which I have talked about again and again in my numerous videos. Algorithms are increasingly dominating the market and helping the big players to achieve their goals faster and more effectively. For this reason it is important to deal with it carefully. Every day, several million traders are looking for different patterns that signal clear entries and exits. However, the loss rate of 88% speaks for itself.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading.

Best regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #1870 ---
Holy Grail in Trading

Hello dear traders,

The Holy Grail has been mankind's most sought-after cult object for over 2000 years. According to legend, it is a vessel from which Jesus Christ is said to have drunk at the Last Supper. This vessel promises power, salvation and eternal life. The holy grail of the stock market promises profits in the millions without risk. In today's post, we're going to simulate a holy grail on the stock market and see what happens then. The result is more than surprising.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading.

Best regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #1871 ---
RIP Futures at the end

Hello dear traders,

In February 2022, Bafin issued a press release on the future protection of private customers in the futures sector. In today's video we will look at why the futures are now being attacked and whether the futures still have a chance in Germany in the future. Of course, we will also talk about alternatives. First of all, many self-proclaimed trading coaches have a large part in the Barfin interventions, why this is the case, we will also look at this video. If we look at the restriction of CFDs from 2018 and the trader tax 2020, one could get the feeling that the government is targeting the traders. But that has more to do with the issue of investors than with us traders.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading.

Best regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #1872 ---
Beware of these trading coaches

Hello dear traders,

In the last few weeks, I have received many inquiries about my opinion on certain trading coaches. Unfortunately, there is still no independent comparison test in this market to find the best trainer. That's exactly why I want to give you some tips that can potentially save you a lot of money in the future. I can only give you these tips because I am not a trading coach myself. Since I have worked successfully as a trainer in the field of financial intermediaries for more than 20 years in the past, I have the appropriate experience of what is important in coaching. First of all, I was very surprised at the disproportionately high costs that most trading coaches are calling for.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading.

Best regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #1873 ---
Most effective candle on the market

Hello dear traders,

Candlestick formations used to be a reliable indicator in trading, but with the advent of trading algorithms, these patterns have become increasingly ambiguous. This resulted in a new type of candle that follows this algorithmic approach of institutional traders. In today's post we will talk about these candlestick algorithms and their advantages. The big players work with algorithms that make it easier for them to control individual market and limit orders. These algorithms are very difficult to program because they have to ensure communication between the individual order types. There are algorithms that scan the market for certain anomalies, e.g. hidden stops, and there are algorithms that trigger specific trading strategies. In the event of a breakout, market orders are fired into the market and at the same time the limit orders that would be holding up your own market orders are withdrawn. In order not to have to program new algorithms every day, the internal processes remain within the algorithms. For this, the big players create invisible price zones in the market, which are simply shifted depending on the situation. This means that the algorithms can only be moved to a different price level and continue to follow their programming. For this purpose, an algorithm candlestick was developed, which makes it easier to identify the invisible price zones of the big players and to determine possible trend reversals with a higher probability.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading.

Best regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #1874 ---
Calculate turnaround beforehand

Hello dear traders,

In the last post we learned about the benefits of the Bionic Candle and how to identify invisible price zones. Today we talk about some backgrounds that are crucial to generate future market advantages from it. In a normal candle chart, we cannot see the current strength within the candle. We will take a closer look at why this works with the Bionic candle. In addition, we will identify other key zones on the chart and see how the price reacts to them.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading.

Best regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #1875 ---
Trading is clear fraud

Hello dear traders,

there are always voices claiming that trading is mostly cheating as most traders lose. To what extent these statements are correct, we will use data and facts to check in today's article. Very interesting things come to light, which even I would not have expected beforehand.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading.

Best regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #1876 ---
The silence of the big players

Hello dear traders,

Many trading coaches talk about the big players but have no idea how they actually work behind the scenes. On the Internet we find millions of posts from retail traders but unfortunately no information from the big players. What is the reason for this, because in principle the big players receive a lot of information from us, while the big players remain silent. Is this deliberately controlled or is there a clear reason why we retailers get so little information about the big players? In this article, we will deal with these factors in detail and in the end we will understand exactly what is happening.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1877 ---
Margin Call

Hello dear traders,

his article is about leverage and margin and what exactly you must do, to avoid a future margin call. We deal with the question to what extent high leverage is dangerous and what advantages and disadvantages result from margin trading. Is a lever a loan and why can you achieve such a supposedly high return with it? Overall, we're going to get some results that many of you wouldn't have expected.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1878 ---
Forex vs Future

Hello dear traders,

now that futures have also slipped into BaFin's focus, we will have to reckon with significant regulations in this area in the coming months. For this reason, today we will compare the already regulated forex market with the future regulated futures market. In recent years, trading coaches have sprung up like mushrooms, literally ripping off their clients with their unnecessary volume of trading. In addition, they have dubbed the futures markets as the only true markets because the exchanges are said to be fair and honest with their customers. The Forex market, including brokers, has been presented as a scam market that brings massive disadvantages to a trader.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1879 ---
Big Player Ping Pong Strategy

Hello dear traders,

in today's video, we're going to look at a new strategy used by the big players that has been tested over and over for the past few months. In this way, the big players increase their efficiency in trading on the one hand and reduce their risk at the same time. In one of my last videos: How big players achieve returns, and currency exchange extremely, we have already dealt with different strategies of the big players, which increasingly violate the requirements of the stock exchange supervisory authorities. The supervisory authorities have no chance in the foreseeable future, because how they want to check container loads full of paper, with the respective transactions.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1880 ---
Michael I would like to say something in response to your "Margin call" post and video. I know that you consider many of these things to be just an opinion but there is a real problem in the world today with people using an opinion as something more, merely because they have some facts beside them. I've been trading for a while and my experience has shown me that people who say that leverage is useful and "good" etc, clearly are lacking certain experience/s. I consider leverage to be the "free champagne drink" one is offered at a casino when first sitting down at their gambling game of choice. Why? If you've ever had an alcoholic drink long after a meal or on an empty stomach then you would know it very quickly goes to your head, lowers inhibitions and ultimately makes the person "relax" their perception and guard ....... therefore more easily pliable and suggestive. So from my experience leverage is a hammer someone tries to use when applying surgical strategies.

One severe problem with all this is, the people with the real experience are not being listened to, their advice not being heeded and instead most believe a convincing argument that is not based on how the real world works, but based on information that is more akin to a closed circuit. A simple yet overlooked or unknown fact = brokers are NOT legally responsible if a stop loss is not appropriately triggered at any time, not only during "black swan events and their after effects". Simply put, people (consumers) do not see that money markets are not for people who "play fair" or even want to play fair or, more importantly, "hope to have a long and enjoyable experience in trading or investing". Most people believe the modern "stuff" about trading and money yet wonder why static strategies have a limited lifespan.

Another issue is, trying to justify leverage's use/overuse when reality beyond number crunching is not properly considered. Every generation there are people who try to educate people on WHO creates/d leverage and why. In your video you have misrepresented real life. ANY form of compounded compensation / recompensation is a form of determined interest and it bears the very same qualities of value regardless of what form it comes in. When you gain beyond your initial investment or injection of commitment or circumstances, you are compounding value and its variations and this creates an amplified outcome. Eg. - high leverage trade, accident compensation claim.

People do not understand that "interest" is a form of involvement and, it is a form of insurance: Insurance being one of the oldest industries in the history of civilization on this planet. On this point, no one's opinion is driving this fact of life, especially not mine. Everyone has open access to study it themselves and learn it for themself. Therefore "money" is NOT what people think it is. Nor is leverage.

I want to say here, this is not an attack on you. Merely to show that high OR low leverage has nothing to do with trading. ONLY someone gambling with the idea that one is in control of something outside themself. Entity traders do not trade the same way a private individual trader would. This is because they are told or shown what is expected or needed. They do not set the terms of "interest".

I write this to show people that real traders have learned the "game". Others have not. AND never operate with the assumption of what money "is" or leverage "is" or a margin call "is". Leverage is "offered" to see who is stupid enough to believe what they are told and taught.

One would merely need to check the following boxes with a tick or cross......

1.  Do I control the market I access?
2. Do I BELIEVE I can control the market I access?

You might say "the answer is obvious." But now use it as a working living principle with your trading from top to bottom and see what you would need to change......in the context of a wake up call or reality check.

Unless a person has actually experienced a real margin call, where they owe more than they started with in the account, I really should only hear crickets in the background.

Trading is very much about you, the market you access and THEN .....-> you do everything you can to get everyone in the middle OUT OF THE WAY. Period. Same traps as horse race betting, casino games, russian roulette etc.

I see this as a chance for people to learn instead of assuming everyone has little/no experience and LOTS of opinions and LOTS to say and therefore we should all just hold hands and sing Kumbiyah because we're all in agreement. I could have written this in a private message to you, but frankly, the misrepresentations on all this are so widespread, I needed to speak of these things so people understand this kind of thing a lot better.

People justifying the use of leverage need to ask better questions and people who are still learning, need to appreciate that it's NOT what most think it is. Not the people on these sites or "babypips" and all the rest of them. On a post I recently and quickly wrote, I tried to point out specific elements/markers one can use. Maybe people need to go and read it and leave the assumptions in bed.

Most people I have met, assume "their niche of knowledge" is good enough. Unfortunately, not even by half is it good enough.

If this is helpful then great. If not then maybe next time.

Happy trading and learning.

Peter

--- 帖子 #1881 ---
Protection from a black swan

Hello dear traders,

in today's post we will talk about how we can protect ourselves from possible losses in the event of a black swan. Unexpected and improbable events with a significant impact are referred to in economics as black swans. There have been massive price losses on the stock exchange in recent years, which have driven many traders to ruin. Of course, such black swan events cannot be predicted and that is exactly why it is important to achieve the highest possible level of security in order to be optimally protected in the worst case. There are a few ways to do that, which we'll cover in this video.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1882 ---
What brings volume trading

Hello dear traders,

in the last twelve years, volume trading has been pushed by many trading coaches because it was a very lucrative source of income for them. In today's post, we're going to take a close look at how volume trading increases our probability of winning. Can you actually determine most of the reversal points with volume trading in advance and is it worth booking the expensive volume seminars of the trading coaches? In this respect, today is a very interesting topic that I think will open the eyes of many traders. However, as with all free information, in the end each participant will have to decide for themselves how to use this information for themselves.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1883 ---
Are Futures easier to trade

Hello dear traders,

As we know, there is significantly less information in the forex market than in the futures or stock markets. In addition to the well-known footprint charts, there is volume information, iceberg trackers, pulling and stacking as well as the DOM and the time and sales list. According to the trading coaches, this is unbeatable information that allows you to see exactly where the big players stand and thus bring incredible returns to every retailer. Provided that they book an inexpensive trading seminar with you for €10,000. In today's article we analyze to what extent this large amount of information from the futures market actually helps us and whether we can achieve higher profit rates than in the forex market.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1884 ---
Brakes are for losers

Hello dear traders,

today's post is about the most important topic that affects both beginners and advanced traders. Of course, this not only applies to trading, but also to many situations in our lives. Everyone knows that moment when you think about giving up. The thought is seductive because it's easier to give up than to keep pursuing your goal. The decisive factor is that people with particularly high ambitions always have to accept setbacks, and this is exactly where the wheat separates from the chaff. There have always been people who have already achieved the impossible. Whether they built a global corporation out of a garage, conquered an illness, or achieved something nobody believed in.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1885 ---
Test Prop dept capital trading

Hello dear traders,

today's post is about trading with dept capital, also known as prop trading. Many beginners dream of trading with dept capital without making a loss and at the same time making a lot of money with this strategy. Today we look at different models of proprietary trading, analyze the advantages and disadvantages and also take a look at the legal and tax aspects. Since each of your situations is of course different, you should definitely consult a tax advisor, lawyer or auditor before concluding a contract with a prop company in order to get a personal overview. There are also different contracts and offers with the prop companies, which of course cannot all be taken into account.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1886 ---
How operate the DoM

Hello dear traders,

in today's post we will take a look at how the stock market actually works and why many traders do not get ahead, even with the highly praised volume trading. On the left we see the time and sales list, on the right the Dom. To this end, I have created a very interesting comparison for you today that will put you right in the eye of the tornado and thus give you a better understanding of the actual cause of the price movement. At the end I will give you an understanding of my exact approach to trading and why it works so well. Before we get started, I want to show you something very interesting.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1887 ---
Trader rip off

Hello dear traders,

In today's post we look at how we retail traders are being ripped off by different institutions and companies. Of course, we are in a free market economy, but that is by no means a license to use unfair methods to get traders' money. But money is exchanged very quickly on the stock exchange and it is therefore clear that this attracts many rip-offs. I don't want to give the impression that everyone on the stock market is a rip-off. Of course, the majority of companies are fair and honest, otherwise nobody would probably speculate on the stock market anymore

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1888 ---
Real returns in trading

Hello dear traders,

A question that occupies every trader is: How much return can you generate with trading and how much money do you need to be able to live on it? We will deal with exactly this topic today and look at different models. We will look at the returns of the most successful institutional traders as they are more comparable to a retailer than a large, big player. Of course, we will also critically examine and question some statements from different trading coaches. All in all, an exciting topic that we can look forward to.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1889 ---
Trading is soooo easy...

Hello dear traders,

on the way to becoming a successful trader, we meet many people on the Internet who have formed their own opinions about trading. In principle, that would also be completely fine if it is not a matter of money-making, rip-off or vanity. Some traders claim that trading is the easiest thing in the world. They don't understand why many traders think or act in such a complicated way. In today's post, we examine the extent to which trading can actually be classified as easy and whether an above-average return can be achieved with little effort.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1890 ---
PC tips Trading

Hello dear traders,

In the last few weeks, many of you have repeatedly asked me about the optimal components in trading and what exactly is important in the field of technology. In today's post, I'm going to give you some tips and tricks that will save you a lot of time and money in the future. The right approach is crucial to put together the right equipment and find the best price-performance ratio. We've already talked about this topic a few times, but today we're going to go into the technology a little more intensively and look at what exactly is important.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1891 ---
Fraud Bionic Forex

Hello dear traders,

In today's post we are going to look at some fakers and scammers, how they get the money out of your pocket, and what you can do specifically to protect yourself against it. It's about unprofessional hackers, sellers of useless EAS, and desperate trading coaches. In this context, my bionic candle, which I developed years ago, also plays a decisive role. So it will be exciting and very interesting again.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1892 ---
Comparison Scalp, Day, Swing Trader

Hello dear traders,

in today's article we look at which strategy we have the greatest success with in the long term. Nevertheless, we must be aware that no matter whether we are trading as a scalper, day trader or swing trader, our chance of being able to make a living from trading is just 2.5%. This is anything but a realistic chance. We have to look all the more closely to find out which strategy is best for us. Of course, I can only rely on my own experience, which of course is not representative and can apply to everyone. None of us knows what the future will bring, which of course also applies to the stock market. Past, present and future are only illusions, they are stubborn, opinionated and unruly.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1893 ---
Forex wisdoms in the test

Hello dear traders,

in today's post we analyze different stock market wisdoms and discuss how to follow this advice. Very interesting insights come to light that many of you would not have expected. At the end I would like to give you my personal rules for success, which have saved me a lot of money in recent years. We are also talking about a few interesting Excel spreadsheets that will help you in the area of money management and which I would be happy to make available to you. Now let's start with the first stock market wisdom.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1894 ---
Where do we find the big players

Hello dear traders,

We are all aware that only the big market participants move the markets. First and foremost, of course, this has to do with the immense amounts of capital that they trade every day. Only those who can identify a big player have the chance to follow them. Today we look at where we can actually find big big players. As always, these are just fictitious assumptions and my personal opinion.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1895 ---
The fairy tale about aggressive sellers

Hello dear traders,

today's post is about the aggressive buyers or sellers who regularly push the markets up or down. But is that really true? Are there actually aggressive buyers and sellers or is this just a fairy tale of the unsuspecting trading coaches? In this video we will review the statements and get to the bottom of the possible causes. Things will come to light that you never expected. Retailers are often duped, especially by coaches who only want their money. You can only protect yourself from this with well-founded specialist knowledge, which is why we are going a little deeper into the markets today.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1896 ---
A gift for you

Hello dear traders,

in today's post I would like to give you a personal gift for your loyalty and support over the past two years. First of all, I asked myself a few questions about what kind of gift could best help you. Certainly some will now say, well, money would be the simplest and best gift and you know what, I agree with that. For this reason I would like to give you something special today that is even worth a lot of money. However, this is not physical money, but an opportunity to either save a lot of money in the future or even earn significantly more money with it. In today's post, we're going to unwrap this gift together and I'll show you exactly what to do to make this gift pay off for you in the future.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1897 ---
Equilibrium the key to success

Hello dear traders,

in today's post we will talk about the equilibrium in the market. I realized more than twelve years ago that precisely this balance is my key to success. But unfortunately, the stock exchance market equilibrium differs significantly from a conventional market equilibrium. We will analyze the differences in detail to find out why the Equilibrium still offers the greatest opportunities for a trader. Market equilibrium is determined by the equilibrium price for a tangible or intellectual product and the corresponding equilibrium quantity of that product. In market equilibrium, suppliers and demand realize their ideas of price and quantity and the greatest possible turnover is achieved.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1898 ---
Big Player watching you

Hello dear traders,

in today's article we will talk about why the big players have such high hit rates and what mistakes retailers make. Are the big players actually able to see where the retailers are at the moment and if so, how can one protect oneself from this? Why are the big players so keen on our stops, and why do the big players rarely get in each other's way. All in all, it will be an exciting post with lots of information about the big players.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1899 ---
Solar 8% with a home power plant

Hello dear traders,

let's imagine someone has 1000 € and invests the 25 years. With an average interest rate of 3%, that would be €2100. With a clever leverage strategy, you can also make €7100 out of it, which is an incredible return of 8.2%. And all of this even though we are using the same investment, which effectively only earns us 3% interest. As a lever we use a balcony power plant that many people can use. Likewise, today we will talk about the topic of energy, electricity, and gas, what we can expect and how we can protect ourselves from high costs. Despite the increase in households, energy consumption has been significantly reduced over the past 30 years.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1900 ---
Patterns in the market

Hello dear traders,

Almost every trader is looking for different patterns every day that show him a possible entry or exit. When searching for patterns, indicators, candlesticks, prices and stock market data are used, among other things. Unfortunately, this results in only moderate successes, which usually lead to more losses than profits. The reason for this lies in different mathematical laws that are not considered here. Because of this, most of the patterns we see on the chart are completely useless for trading. In today's post we will analyze to what extent it is still possible to identify patterns from stock market data. As I said before, this is a very big challenge.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1901 ---
The fairy tale of absorption

Hello dear traders,

In today's post we will talk about absorption in the market. Many trading coaches tell their students that absorbing like this is a safe way to make a lot of money. Today we will see if that is really the case. In addition, we talk about the meaning and background of these absorptions, how and why they occur and whether one can derive an advantage from recognizing them. All in all it will be exciting and very interesting again. First of all, we need to know that a market sell or market buy order represents volume in the market. Since the market order runs into the limit order, this is the demand in the market. On the other hand, the limit buy orders represent the so-called liquidity in the market.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1902 ---
Scalper versus Daytrader

Hello dear traders,

In today's post we compare a seconds and minute scalper with a short-term and medium-term day trader. All four have $3000 in their account, trade a maximum of one lot and use a leverage of 200. The effective win rate for all four traders is 69.9%, but of course they work with different stops. They are also in the trade for different lengths of time, and this is exactly why the time each of these traders is in the trade has been adjusted. The day traders even got a trading advantage of over 50 hours. The overall result surprised even me, and I am convinced that you would never have expected it either.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1903 ---
Opinions and Facts in Trading

Hello dear traders,

in today's article we are talking about opinions and facts that are often misinterpreted, especially in stock market trading. This always leads to misunderstandings because everyone sees things differently. First and foremost, for me are the traders, who follow this channel to optimize their trading win rates. Unfortunately, in the course of time, people also join in who badmouth an idea or are simply against everything. But I don't run a business here and I would like to show all those who consider my information valuable how we can distinguish between opinions and facts even better in the future.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1904 ---
Algorithms the power in trade

Hello dear traders,

in today's post we will talk about the algorithms of the big players. We look at why algorithms are needed, how to read them and what advantages they bring for us retailers. The imbalance between big players and retailers is dramatic. Just by looking at their technology, it should be clear to everyone what an advantage they enjoy in retail. In addition, they are set up and brought into line like an army. The retailers, on the other hand, compete as individuals. But even the best individual is never as good as a group. It gets particularly exciting when you look at their screens. Here the question arises: Where are the indicators of the volume or footprint chart.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1905 ---
The business of greed

Hello dear traders,

in today's article we will take a closer look at the business model of the exchanges and will first analyze why most people fail at it. Nevertheless, there are clear solutions that we can use to protect ourselves from future surprises. I will show you these today. The gross domestic product (GDP) is a measure of the economic performance of an economy over a specific period of time. It measures the value of goods and services produced domestically, provided these are not used as inputs for the production of other goods and services. The GDP serves as a measure of the economic growth of the individual national economies and is therefore the most important variable in the national accounts.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1906 ---
Truth about volume and liquidity

Hello dear traders,

When I first got involved with the stock market, I thought that there can only be one buyer and one seller. However, since a price can go up or down, there must be a buyer and a seller on both the ask and the bid side. In reality, however, there are actually two different buyers and sellers on both sides. You don't believe me because it sounds crazy? Well, then I would urge you to watch this video.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1907 ---
Merry Christmas 2022

Hello dear subscribers, hello dear traders from all over the world,

Another year is coming to an end and Christmas is a good opportunity to reflect on the past year. What went well, what not so well and what were the reasons for this? You can use the time around Christmas to take stock of the year together and the time after Christmas to prepare for the resulting changes for the new year. Writing them down and visualizing them regularly manifested the goals in the subconscious. These questions should not only concern our work, but primarily family, health, friends, free time, finances and much more. It's also a good opportunity to sit down with your significant other to reflect on the past year.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Christmas is just around the corner and I hope that you will find some rest to recharge your batteries for the coming year. I want to thank you all for following me, for your great ideas and improvements, and for the friendly interaction on this blog. From the bottom of my heart, I wish you a Merry Christmas, peaceful days, of course health and a lot of joy with the people you love more than anything.

Merry Christmas 2022

Michael

--- 帖子 #1908 ---
Die hard

Hello dear traders,

worldwide more than 5 million traders try their luck in trading every day. What most people don't even know is that with their approach, they have no realistic chance of ever breaking even. So most of them die a slow loss death and lose a lot of money in the process. In today's post, I'm going to show you what's the best way to break even. You've probably heard of the triple ninety myth. What is meant by this is that 90% of all traders have lost 90% of their deposit after 90 days. However, this is not as dramatic as it is claimed. Of course, in the long term, 90% of all traders lose, but as a rule, these are slow, creeping losses.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1909 ---
Mindset is deception

Hello dear traders,

many trading coaches always talk about mindset and how important it is in trading. Can you compensate for a lack of expertise and trading setup with a good mindset or is it all just marketing to make a lot of money? In today's post we will analyze what priority the mindset actually has in relation to trading expertise and trading setup. You'll be amazed at what comes of it. What is mindset? Mindset includes the behavior and thought patterns as well as the attitude, mentality, or mental attitude of people. It is assumed that our inner beliefs influence the way we behave and make decisions in certain situations.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1910 ---
Trading Coach funny

Hello dear traders,

In the last few months, new trading coaches have been springing up like mushrooms and offering their pointless trading seminars with unfair methods. If you look at the videos, you see successful traders coming home to their happy advertising families in their sports cars in the evenings. Word should have gotten around that this type of advertising is anything but realistic. Some incompetent trading coaches are being exposed right now, so it's a good time to warn you all again. If these so-called traders would shoot an honest video, it would look something like this.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1911 ---
Interesting video Michael.

Indeed, if a person would simply, naturally and automatically check themself BEFORE they do anything re: trading or investing etc, then they would realize it does not really take very long to learn specific parts of the activity. But this is not something people do naturally whenever they enter into something new.... which is ashame because we humans are capable of so much. I found the video a good overview / introduction for someone who wants to face certain realities about themself and or their trading. I have stated many times to people that recon of yourself and trading is necessary beforehand. Of course to them, 'not much help' if they've already started. However if people simply accepted they need an holistic approach, instead of a tangled, guideless meandering, then they would work better and begin to enjoy the activity more. In my own travels I have found that most people really know little to nothing about their own emotional-psychological world. Indeed people rely far too much on cynicism and optimism to get them through, instead of actually learning something. I don't think beginners in trading truthfully understand and comprehend what it's all about and just how much is involved. For me, It took a number of years to learn how to trade several different styles, it certainly didn't happen immediately. I am glad you have chosen to shine a light on the marketing arena re: trading coaches etc. People need to learn the real life lessons, instead of relying on "positive comments / reviews" of the coaches, to see more of the bigger picture, to then learn more. But they're the types of contexts I see available to people, even if they choose not to access them.

Thank you for providing this video to help others.

Peter

--- 帖子 #1912 ---
The trap avoid that

Hello dear traders,

due to the massive imbalance between big players and retailers, our risk in the market is disproportionately high. The big players have a clear and strategic approach designed to keep trapping us retailers. And indeed, we keep falling for their strategies. Today we will talk about how we can significantly reduce this risk and at the same time optimize our money management. In order to present this risk in a manageable way, I developed the pip value per minute many years ago. Let's look at an example. We enter a trade, and the first candle reaches 0.8 pip after 1 minute. This corresponds to a pip value of 0.8 per minute. The risk is now 1.88, almost double the average.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1913 ---
Tick Chart 90% cheaper

Hello dear traders,

a tick chart can help us to increase profits and reduce losses at the same time. This can improve the RRR by a factor of three in the same trade and at the same time significantly reduce the risk per trade. In today's post we will look at which tick chart is suitable for this and which server we work best with. Many traders feel the need to look even deeper into a candle. For example, from the daily chart to the H1, from the M 15 to the M1, but at the latest in the 1-minute chart you reach your limit. This is where the tick chart comes in handy, which can look up to 40 times deeper into the M1 candle.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1914 ---
Big Player Whisperer

Hello dear traders,

for over twelve years now I have been dealing with the big players, studying their procedures, and trying to put myself in their shoes from a mathematical point of view in order to derive commercial advantages from it. Maybe the background was that in the beginning I was looking for a role model in trading that I could look up to. In today's article we analyze to what extent the big players can actually help us in retail and whether it makes sense to concentrate on these big players. In addition, I show you that putting a stop is no guarantee of getting out at this point.

Inserted Video

I wish you a happy new year 2023

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1915 ---
Happy new year 2023

Hello dear traders,

Time flies so fast and another year has passed. The new year is just around the corner and it's time for new, challenging resolutions. After a hectic year on the stock markets, things have calmed down a bit and this helps us to look back on the past year. What was good and what stopped us this year? In which area do we still have problems and where do we urgently need to work on ourselves in order to achieve our goals for the next year? All of these questions are important in order to maintain or even improve our breakeven point in the future. We can only answer these questions ourselves, after all we know our strengths and weaknesses. But no matter how good we are, there are situations where only a miracle can help.

Just a miracle

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Tess, a magical eight-year-old, went into her room and got a jam jar from the hiding place in the closet. She dumped all the money on the floor and counted it carefully - three times. The sum had to be right. She carefully placed the coins back in the jar, closed the lid, and slipped out the back door. She walked six blocks down to the drug store with the big red Indian chief on the sign above the door. She waited patiently for her turn. "Now, little lady, how can I help you?" asked the pharmacist. I want to buy a miracle, Tess replied. A miracle, asked the pharmacist? My little brother Andrew is very ill, something bad is growing in his head and my father says only a miracle can save him. How much does a miracle like this cost? "We don't sell miracles here, little girl. I'm sorry, but I can't help you," said the pharmacist. Look, I've got money to pay for it. And if it's not enough, I'll get the rest. Just tell me how much it costs.” Behind her stood a well-dressed man. He bent down and asked the little girl, 'What miracle does your brother need?' "I don't know," Tess replied, her eyes filling with tears. "All I know is that he's really sick and mommy says he needs an operation. But my dad can't pay for them, so I want to take my money. 'How much do you have?' asked the man. "One dollar and eleven cents," Tess said barely audibly. "And that's all the money I have, but I can get more if I need to." What a coincidence,” the man smiled. "One dollar and eleven cents - just the price of a miracle for little brothers." He took her money in one hand and in the other he took hers and said, "Show me where you live. I want to see your brother and meet your parents. Let's see if I have the miracle you need.' This well-dressed man was a surgeon specializing in neurosurgery. The surgery was performed free of charge, and it wasn't long before Andrew was back home and doing well. Mom and Dad happily talked about the events that were so incredible. "This operation," her mother whispered, it was a real miracle. I would like to know what it costs. ' Tess smiled. She knew exactly how much a miracle costs...one dollar and eleven cents...

I wish you a happy new year 2023 and keep my fingers crossed that all your wishes come true this year.

Lovely wishes Michael

--- 帖子 #1916 ---
The what if plan

Hello dear traders,

imagine you are about to enter a trade and you now want to set your stop. Suddenly you find that your mouse is unresponsive. The trade starts going heavily negative against you. You think maybe it's the mouse's energy and start frantically looking for batteries. Thank God you can still find new batteries and swap them out quickly. Meanwhile, the trade is still going strong against you and would have hit your stop long ago. The new batteries are installed, and you try to close the trade, but the mouse still does not respond. Some beginners have already switched off the computer in this situation. However, the trade continues to run in the background.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1917 ---
Finally a non smoker as a trader

Hello dear traders,

on my 100th video, we are going to take a trip to a completely different area and talk about how it is easier for traders to become non-smokers or how smokers can save a few 10,000 €. Our state is becoming more and more greedy and after the new trader tax was introduced, a new and interesting tobacco tax follows. In addition to health, a good reason to stop doing it. But that's easier said than done for many and that's exactly what you'll get some tips for today. If you are a non-smoker yourself, you may know someone you can help with this post. Many smokers feel that because they have been smoking for so many years, it is no longer worth it from a health perspective.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1918 ---
Big Player the big secret

Hello dear traders,

although the biggest big players in the world are obliged to create balance sheets, they are still able to disguise their trades in such a way that even a professional cannot see through. In today's article we will evaluate Goldman Sachs' balance sheet very strategically and complete it from a logical point of view. Things come to light that even I didn't expect. Based on the evaluation of the last twelve years, we can draw conclusions about how the big players will proceed in the future. And this is exactly how we are able to adapt and align our strategies in order to optimize our profit quotas in the future. Here you can see again the five main strategies that the biggest big players in the world are grappling with.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1919 ---
Invisible Stopp Loss

Hello dear traders,

which of us has not seen this yet? We are stopped out and right after that the price turns in our traded direction. Is it all right here or are we just a plaything for the broker? Everyone has certainly asked themselves this question and today we will deal with it exactly. What options do we have to protect ourselves against stop fishing by a broker and what measures should we take in relation to this? First, we see here a price history of a dubious broker that never took place in the market. This is exactly where countless retailers are stopped and robbed of their money. When looking for a broker who is fair and honest, the first problems begin.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1920 ---
Holy grail in trading

Hello dear traders,

the Holy Grail has been mankind's most sought-after cult object for over 2000 years. According to legend, it is a vessel from which Jesus Christ is said to have drunk at the Last Supper. This vessel promises power salvation and eternal life. The holy grail of the stock market promises profits in the millions without risk. In today's post, we're going to simulate a holy grail on the stock market and see what happens then. As we all know, success on the stock market consists of a series of different empirical values. Whether you want to be a doctor, a lawyer, or a notary, on average it takes ten years to train before you can put your skills into practice to make a lot of money.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1921 ---
Become a professional trader with 44 euros per month

Hello dear traders,

In today's post, I'll show you how you can break even in the next one to two years with an average of €44 a month. Of course, all losses incurred are already included in the amount. However, if you want to do this within this time, you must also be willing to throw some things overboard and at the same time accept new insights. As we know, only 10% of all traders break even, but with a few strategic moves you can be one of them in the future. Please note that you use the data I have provided free of charge at your own risk.

Inserted Video

I wish you every success this year

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1922 ---
The silence of the big player

Hello dear traders,

many trading coaches talk about the big players but have no idea how they actually work in the background. On the Internet we find millions of posts from retail traders but unfortunately no information from the big players. What is the reason for this, because in principle the big players receive a lot of information from us, while the big players remain silent? Is this deliberately controlled or is there a clear reason why we retailers get so little information about the big players? In this article, we will deal with these factors in detail and in the end, we will understand exactly what is happening.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1923 ---
Futures is trading easier

Hello dear traders,

as we know, there is significantly less information in the forex market than in the futures or stock markets. In addition to the well-known footprint charts, there is volume information, iceberg trackers, pulling and stacking as well as the DOM and the time and sales list. According to the trading coaches, this is unbeatable information that allows you to see exactly where the big players stand and thus bring incredible returns to every retailer. Provided that they book an inexpensive trading seminar with you for €10,000. In today's article we analyze to what extent this large amount of information from the futures market actually helps us and whether we can achieve higher profit rates than in the forex market.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1924 ---
Trading is so easy

Hello dear traders,

On the way to becoming a successful trader, we meet many people on the Internet who have formed their own opinions about trading. In principle, that would also be completely fine if it is not a matter of money-making, rip-off, or vanity. Some traders claim that trading is the easiest thing in the world. They don't understand why many traders think or act in such a complicated way. Traders who have been trying to break even for many years feel like underdogs or losers because it seems so easy for others. In today's post, we examine the extent to which trading can actually be classified as easy and whether an above-average return can be achieved with little effort.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1925 ---
Where we do find the big players

Hello dear traders,

we are all aware that only the big market participants move the markets. First and foremost, this has to do with the immense amounts of capital they trade daily. Only those who can identify a big player have the chance to follow them. Today we look at where we can actually find biggest big players. As always, these are just fictitious assumptions and my personal opinion. The big players and retailers have different advantages and disadvantages in the market. When we put all the pros and cons together, we can see why so many retailers are losing. The big players have the most capital in the market, followed by the institutional traders and the smallest are the retailers.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1926 ---
Patterns in the market

Hello dear traders,

almost every trader is looking for different patterns every day that show him a possible entry or exit. When searching for patterns, indicators, candlesticks, prices, and stock market data are used, among other things. Unfortunately, this results in only moderate successes, which usually lead to more losses than profits. The reason for this lies in different mathematical laws that are not considered here. Because of this, most of the patterns we see on the chart are completely useless for trading. In today's post we will analyze to what extent it is still possible to identify patterns from stock market data.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1927 ---
Your own setup

Hello dear traders,

whether you are a beginner, an advanced or a professional trader, everyone is always on their own when it comes to trading. Since groups are always smarter than the smartest individual, an exchange should be considered. A trader's biggest challenge is having good information to improve their trading style. But where do you get it from if your own creativity is not so pronounced. In today's post, I'll show you strategic ways to get information and indicators tailored to you, completely free of charge, to reach your breakeven faster. This saves you a lot of money and nerves in the long run.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1928 ---
Thruth about Volume Liquidity

Hello dear traders,

when I first dealt with the stock market, I thought that there can only be one buyer and one seller. However, since a price can go up or down, there must be a buyer and a seller on both the ask and the bid side. In reality, however, there are actually two different buyers and sellers on both sides. You don't believe me because it sounds crazy? Well, then I would urge you to watch this video. As we already know, the market orders represent the volume, and the limit orders the corresponding liquidity in the market. This means that the volume basically runs into liquidity. Volume and liquidity equally determine volatility, risk and spread.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1929 ---
Big Player whisperer

Hello dear traders,

I have been dealing with the big players for over twelve years now, studying their procedures and trying to put myself in their position from a mathematical point of view in order to achieve trading advantages. Maybe the background was that in the beginning I was looking for a role model in trading that I could look up to. In today's article we analyze to what extent the big players can actually help us in retail and whether it makes sense to concentrate on these big players. In addition, I show you that putting a stop is no guarantee of getting out at this point. A role model is someone you look up to and identify with. These role models represent behaviors, characteristics, or attitudes that one would like to imitate or copy.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1930 ---
With $44 a month to a profi trader

Hello dear traders,

In today's article I will show you how you can break even with an average of €44 per month in the next one to two years. Of course, all losses incurred are already included in the amount. However, if you want to do this within this time, you must also be willing to throw some things overboard and at the same time accept new insights. As we know, only 10% of all traders break even, but with a few strategic moves you can be one of them in the future. Please note that you use the data I have provided free of charge at your own risk. First of all, trading is nothing more than a series of different experiences.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1931 ---
Your own setup

Hello dear traders,

whether you are a beginner, an advanced or a professional trader, everyone is always on their own in trading. Since groups are always smarter than the smartest individual, an exchange should be considered. A trader's biggest challenge is having good information to improve their trading style. But where do you get it from if your own creativity is not so pronounced. In today's post, I'll show you strategic ways to get information and indicators tailored to you, completely free of charge, to help you to reach the breakeven faster. This saves you a lot of money and nerves in the long run.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1932 ---
50 videos in 10 weeks

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Hello dear traders,

In September 2020 I published my first German video on YouTube and then translated the text into English that I published on FF. This was not practical, as the corresponding images were often missing. In November 2021 I have translated the first video into English and publish it on my blog. That was received very positively. This was followed by 1-2 English videos per week, but there was also a new German video every week. Thus, the gap between the German and English videos always remained the same. Last month, December 2022, I invested more than 200 hours and translated over 50 videos into English. In the last 10 weeks a video was published on every trading day and now a total of 120 German and English videos are available. There is also an English and German channel on YouTube

https://www.youtube.com/@BionicsForexAlgorithms

And here you can find the German channel.

https://www.youtube.com/@BionicsAlgos

If you subscribe to the channel and activate the bell, you will be informed as soon as a new video appears.

It is planned that the new German video will appear every Saturday at 9:00 a.m. and the translated video in English by the following Tuesday at the latest. Please excuse me for not being able to additionally translate the German text in the video due to time constraints. If you have any questions about a video, feel free to write to me. Since my English-speaking colleagues at FF are particularly important to me, I was happy to invest these 200 hours for them.

The effort for a newly produced video should not be underestimated. I need about 10-12 hours to create a German and English 4K video, which I always produce on Saturdays because I'm in the trade from Monday to Friday. I would like to emphasize once again that the videos are only my personal opinion and I make no claim to be right. I don't earn any money with the videos and I do it voluntarily because I enjoy it and it helps me. I would be very happy if you get one or the other idea from the videos.

I wish you continued success in trading

Best regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #1933 ---
Nobody talks about that in trading

Hello dear traders,

On the way to becoming a successful trader, there are many hurdles that cost a lot of time and money. In today's post we look at the measures we can take to make savings in order to reach our goal faster in the future. Another important question when breaking even is how much money it takes to make a living from it. Many traders believe that you need at least €50-100,000 in capital, but in reality it is much less. To avoid future mistakes as a professional, you should watch this video.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1934 ---
Nobody talks about that in trading

Hello dear traders,

On the way to becoming a successful trader, there are many hurdles that cost a lot of time and money. In today's post we look at the measures we can take to make savings in order to reach our goal faster in the future. Another important question when breaking even is how much money it takes to make a living from it. Many traders believe that you need at least €50-100,000 in capital, but in reality it is much less. To avoid future mistakes as a professional, you should watch this video.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1935 ---
You will be ripped off so brutally

Hello dear traders,

In the last 13 years I have spoken to at least 100 different traders. Not a single trader who has used a trading coach has broken even. This may not be representative, but it clearly shows that using a trading coach is basically useless. If you are not careful, the whole thing can get very expensive and that is why I would like to give you some tips today so that you can protect yourself from scammers in the future. A criminal defense lawyer even thinks it is possible, that public prosecutors could investigate some trading coaches on suspicion of fraud.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1936 ---
You will be ripped off so brutally

Hello dear traders,

in the last 13 years I have spoken with more than 100 different traders. Not a single trader who has used a trading coach has reached breakeven. This may not be representative, but it clearly shows that using a trading coach is basically useless. If you are not careful, the whole thing can get very expensive and that is why I would like to give you some tips today so that you can protect yourself from scammers in the future. A criminal defense lawyer even thinks it is possible, that public prosecutors could investigate some trading coaches on suspicion of fraud.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1937 ---
Tick chart for professionals

Hello dear traders,

many of you had the wish to shed more light on the tick chart topic. In today's video, we look at the specific benefits of using a tick chart and how you can use it to significantly improve your win rates. We also talk about how to increase your investment tenfold on the tick chart. First of all, a trader can use a tick chart to look deeper into a candle in a very clever way and even use special auxiliary indicators to determine where more short or long traders have been stopped out. This increases the likelihood of making correct trading decisions.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1938 ---
Tick chart for professionals

Hello dear traders,

many of you had the wish to shed more light on the tick chart topic. In today's video, we look at the specific benefits of using a tick chart and how you can use it to significantly improve your win rates. We also talk about how to increase your investment tenfold on the tick chart. First of all, a trader can use a tick chart to look deeper into a candle in a very clever way and even use special auxiliary indicators to determine where more short or long traders have been stopped out. This increases the likelihood of making correct trading decisions.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1939 ---
ChatGPT on the stock market

Hello dear traders,

the artificial intelligence ChatGPT is causing chaos, even though it has only been on the market for two months. Many expect it to be a bigger boom than the iPhone or the start of cryptocurrencies. Even Google gave a Code Red in December because the chatbot was a possible threat to Google's future. On the one hand, the new AI creates many opportunities on the other hand, but also many risks. In today's post we will analyze and test to what extent ChatGPT can be dangerous for us in the stock market and how it may continue in the future. The chatbot developed by the US company open AI called ChatGPT is a text-based dialogue system based on machine learning. This enables ChatGPT to answer questions, challenge false assumptions and admit mistakes. We will take a closer look at this later in a stock market test.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1940 ---
ChatGPT on the stock market

Hello dear traders,

the artificial intelligence ChatGPT is causing chaos, even though it has only been on the market for two months. Many expect it to be a bigger boom than the iPhone or the start of cryptocurrencies. Even Google gave a Code Red in December because the chatbot was a possible threat to Google's future. On the one hand, the new AI creates many opportunities on the other hand, but also many risks. In today's post we will analyze and test to what extent ChatGPT can be dangerous for us in the stock market and how it may continue in the future. The chatbot developed by the US company open AI called ChatGPT is a text-based dialogue system based on machine learning. This enables ChatGPT to answer questions, challenge false assumptions and admit mistakes. We will take a closer look at this later in a stock market test.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1941 ---
Bionic Candle in the future market

Hello dear traders,

The most well-known candle is the Candle Chart, which was developed in the circa 1850's by a legendary Sakata rice trader known as Homma. Most likely, his innovative ideas were consistently modified and then refined over years of trading, eventually leading to the system of candlestick charts. Renko charts were first used by Japanese traders in the 19th century. The Japanese called them "renga" or "brick" because of their rectangular shape. The Heikin Ashi Charts were also originally developed in Japan. Heikin Ashi can be translated as "average bar" in German. In the West, Heikin Ashi Charts became popular through the work of Swedish trader Dan Valcu.

The Bionic candle is the latest candle and was developed by me in Germany from 2014 and made available to the first forex traders at Forex Factory free of charge in 2018. So far it has been downloaded almost 30,000 times and is only at the beginning of a possible career. I am very proud that a major stock exchange platform took notice and that the Bionic Candle is celebrating its premiere in the futures and stock markets today. I would like to clearly emphasize that I make the Bionic candle available to all traders free of charge and I do not earn any money with it, since I am a full-time trader. So all the information you get is a voluntary investment of time on my part.

From my point of view, the Bionic Candle is a very modern candle that has adapted to changing markets and is very flexible. It shows the prices exactly, just like the candlestick, but without the wicks. This results in only 2 movements that you as a trader can capture faster. The histogram can be used to filter out certain movement sequences that give the trader important information. Of course, the bionic candle first has to prove itself over the next few decades, after all, the candle chart is 170 years ahead.

The bionic candle is already integrated in the alpha and beta versions of ATAS. As soon as the developers see that everything is stable, it will move to the latest and stable versions. The Bionic Candle has a few interesting properties that I explain in detail in this video.

Video English
Inserted Video

Video German
Inserted Video

Due to the 5 times finer price structures in the foreign exchange market, the Bionic Candle is somewhat more precise than in the futures market. This is an advantage for us forex traders.

I would be happy if my ideas help you as a trader and I wish you continued success in trading.

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1942 ---
Breakeven in the forex and futures market

Hello dear traders,

Today's post will be particularly exciting because we are going to use facts to examine how long it takes for a trader to break even in the forex or futures market. We use exactly the same conditions and probabilities and I am convinced that you would never have expected the result.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1943 ---
Breakeven in the forex and futures market

Hello dear traders,

Today's post will be particularly exciting because we are going to use facts to examine how long it takes for a trader to break even in the forex or futures market. We use exactly the same conditions and probabilities and I am convinced that you would never have expected the result.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1944 ---
The devil is in the details

Hello dear traders,

as the heading already reveals, the devil is in the details, we will deal with the essential content today; to be successful as a trader in the long term. The problem with this is that many fake trading coaches mislead us completely with their volume trading, footprint charts, COT data, and divergences. All this only costs you a lot of money unnecessarily and never brings you the hoped-for success. Today I'm going to show you a way to break even within 2-3 years, but of course this is just advice and not a request.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1945 ---
The devil is in the details

Hello dear traders,

as the heading already reveals, the devil is in the details, we will deal with the essential content today; to be successful as a trader in the long term. The problem with this is that many fake trading coaches mislead us completely with their volume trading, footprint charts, COT data, and divergences. All this only costs you a lot of money unnecessarily and never brings you the hoped-for success. Today I'm going to show you a way to break even within 2-3 years, but of course this is just advice and not a request.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1946 ---
The bionic candle in trading

Hello dear traders,

in mid-February 2023, the Bionic Candle was published on the fastest stock exchange platform ATAS and made available by me free of charge. So far there has been an incredible amount of positive feedback and I would like to thank you very much for that. The Bionic candle is the latest candle and was developed by me in Germany from 2014 and made available to the first forex traders at Forex Factory free of charge in 2018. I am very proud that this new candle representation comes from Europe this time. So far the bionic candle has been downloaded almost 30,000 times and is only at the beginning of a great career. In today's post, we look at trading with the Bionic candle, and I'll show you 2 example trades that were planned in advance.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1947 ---
The bionic candle in trading

Hello dear traders,

in mid-February 2023, the Bionic Candle was published on the fastest stock exchange platform ATAS and made available by me free of charge. So far there has been an incredible amount of positive feedback and I would like to thank you very much for that. The Bionic candle is the latest candle and was developed by me in Germany from 2014 and made available to the first forex traders at Forex Factory free of charge in 2018. I am very proud that this new candle representation comes from Europe this time. So far the bionic candle has been downloaded almost 30,000 times and is only at the beginning of a great career. In today's post, we look at trading with the Bionic candle, and I'll show you 2 example trades that were planned in advance.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1948 ---
Legal fraud Spoofing

Hello dear traders,

In today's article we deal very intensively with the topic of spoofing, which every trader has heard of before. What is the advantage of spoofing and is it part of the accepted and legal fraud on the stock exchange? Why is spoofing used by the big players and what advantages do they derive from it. What exactly is the difference between pulling and stacking and to what extent can this information help us in trading? Is it possible to use spoofing information to predict a future price development and is this interesting in the area of profit probability. In this video we will try to find an answer to these questions, which may bring you important information.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1949 ---
Legal fraud Spoofing

Hello dear traders,

In today's article we deal very intensively with the topic of spoofing, which every trader has heard of before. What is the advantage of spoofing and is it part of the accepted and legal fraud on the stock exchange? Why is spoofing used by the big players and what advantages do they derive from it. What exactly is the difference between pulling and stacking and to what extent can this information help us in trading? Is it possible to use spoofing information to predict a future price development and is this interesting in the area of profit probability. In this video we will try to find an answer to these questions, which may bring you important information.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1950 ---
Fly with the eagle or…

Hello dear traders,

the quote, "Fly with the eagle or scratch with the chickens" is a metaphor often used in connection with personal success, goal achievement, and lifestyle. In our example, however, it is about either following the big players or orienting oneself to the retail traders. In today's post, we're going to look at why it's better to follow the big players and how we can overcome this challenge. It's very important to challenge yourself, take risks and work hard to achieve your goals, rather than going with the crowd and settling for average results. Before we start with the topic, I would like to say a few words in the video that are very important to me personally.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1951 ---
Fly with the eagle or…

Hello dear traders,

the quote, "Fly with the eagle or scratch with the chickens" is a metaphor often used in connection with personal success, goal achievement, and lifestyle. In our example, however, it is about either following the big players or orienting oneself to the retail traders. In today's post, we're going to look at why it's better to follow the big players and how we can overcome this challenge. It's very important to challenge yourself, take risks and work hard to achieve your goals, rather than going with the crowd and settling for average results. Before we start with the topic, I would like to say a few words in the video that are very important to me personally.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1952 ---
Trading infernal machine

Hello dear traders,

After a few weeks break, I'm back today with a short post. First of all I would like to thank you for the many positive statements from you, I was very happy about that. In the last few weeks I had some time again to deal more intensively with the big player algorithms. I was able to test new settings to get even deeper into the eye of the tornado. In doing so, I realized how important it is to track down new algorithms, since the markets are changing every day. Today we're going to talk about AMD's new AM5 processor and how it affects trading.

Inserted Video

I keep my fingers crossed for you guys

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1953 ---
Trading infernal machine

Hello dear traders,

After a few weeks break, I'm back today with a short post. First of all I would like to thank you for the many positive statements from you, I was very happy about that. In the last few weeks I had some time again to deal more intensively with the big player algorithms. I was able to test new settings to get even deeper into the eye of the tornado. In doing so, I realized how important it is to track down new algorithms, since the markets are changing every day. Today we're going to talk about AMD's new AM5 processor and how it affects trading. In addition, I cordially invite you to participate in our new project.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1954 ---
Which PC for trading

Hello dear traders,

whether you need a PC to cut films for office work or for gaming, you can find extensive information on the internet. When trading, however, it looks completely different because there is hardly any useful information here. In today's post, I'll show you what you need to pay attention to in order to put together an optimal trading PC for you. I am convinced that you will find some ideas here that will help you in your daily trading.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1955 ---
Which PC for trading

Hello dear traders,

whether you need a PC to cut films for office work or for gaming, you can find extensive information on the internet. When trading, however, it looks completely different because there is hardly any useful information here. In today's post, I'll show you what you need to pay attention to in order to put together an optimal trading PC for you. I am convinced that you will find some ideas here that will help you in your daily trading.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1956 ---
Big player takes high risks

Hello dear traders,

since we retailers are not able to move the markets, we have to let the big players take us in the right direction. But for that we need in-depth information on how the big players work and how they proceed. In today's post, we're going to look at how Goldman Sachs works and derive interesting insights that we can apply to trading. In the last year in particular, Goldman made a number of mistakes that will make our trading lives easier in the future. In today's article we will discuss which mistakes these were in detail and which advantages we can derive from them.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1957 ---
Big player takes high risks

Hello dear traders,

since we retailers are not able to move the markets, we have to let the big players take us in the right direction. But for that we need in-depth information on how the big players work and how they proceed. In today's post, we're going to look at how Goldman Sachs works and derive interesting insights that we can apply to trading. In the last year in particular, Goldman made a number of mistakes that will make our trading lives easier in the future. In today's article we will discuss which mistakes these were in detail and which advantages we can derive from them.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1958 ---
The Big Trading Lie

Hello dear traders,

as the title suggests, today we are going to look at the biggest trading lies. Among other things, these lies have contributed to the fact that you have not yet become profitable and may have already lost some €10,000. In this video we will discuss how you can still achieve your goal.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1959 ---
The Big Trading Lie

Hello dear traders,

as the title suggests, today we are going to look at the biggest trading lies. Among other things, these lies have contributed to the fact that you have not yet become profitable and may have already lost some €10,000. In this video we will discuss how you can still achieve your goal.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1960 ---
Advantage as a retailer

Hello dear traders,

Hello dear algorithmic traders, most traders have been in a loser spree for many years because they believe that the stock exchange business is very easy or have been fooled by social networks that you can get rich quickly with it. Although the big players are so vastly superior to us, there are still some advantages that the big players even envy us. And if we use these advantages, we can increase our probability of winning significantly. That's exactly what we're going to talk about today.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1961 ---
Advantage as a retailer

Hello dear traders,

Hello dear algorithmic traders, most traders have been in a loser spree for many years because they believe that the stock exchange business is very easy or have been fooled by social networks that you can get rich quickly with it. Although the big players are so vastly superior to us, there are still some advantages that the big players even envy us. And if we use these advantages, we can increase our probability of winning significantly. That's exactly what we're going to talk about today.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1962 ---
Avoid these 22 mistakes

Hello dear traders,

In my last video we talked about 13 mistakes that keep a trader from succeeding. But there are another 22 mistakes that can screw up a trader's balance sheet. In today's post we will uncover these mistakes in order to achieve our goals even faster.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1963 ---
Avoid these 13 mistakes

Hello dear traders,

In today's post, we're going to talk about the most common mistakes that are responsible for 80-90% of retailers making losses in the long run. With a few small changes you are already able to reach your future breakeven point much faster and thus reduce losses at the same time. In principle, success on the stock market can only be achieved through empirical values. I would be happy if one or the other tip would help you to shorten the ordeal on the stock exchange.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1964 ---
Profitable without a coach

Hello dear traders,

in the last two videos we talked about the biggest mistakes that can break a trader's neck while keeping them from breaking even. With the problem-solution-happiness approach, we are able to improve our future situation. Today we're going to talk about how we can avoid these mistakes first and in the next video I'll show you the concrete steps you have to take to achieve the greatest possible success with the least effort.

Inserted Video

I wish you much success

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1965 ---
Avoid these 22 mistakes

Hello dear traders,

In my last video we talked about 13 mistakes that keep a trader from succeeding. But there are another 22 mistakes that can screw up a trader's balance sheet. In today's post we will uncover these mistakes in order to achieve our goals even faster.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1966 ---
Concrete steps to success

Hello dear traders,

In the last few weeks we have analyzed 36 different trading challenges that can cause us massive problems in the long run. In my last video, we already discussed some solutions that we will now specify in the next 4 videos. In today's post I will show you how to find a good provider, how to improve your ping values, how to find your optimal broker and get helpful indicators that you can download for free from my blog at Forex Factory. This enables you to reach your goals even faster without having to hire an expensive trading coach.

Inserted Video

Here are the indicators for download

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...6#post14551366

I wish you much success

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1967 ---
Profitable without a coach

Hello dear traders,

in the last two videos we talked about the biggest mistakes that can break a trader's neck while keeping them from breaking even. With the problem-solution-happiness approach, we are able to improve our future situation. Today we're going to talk about how we can avoid these mistakes first and in the next video I'll show you the concrete steps you have to take to achieve the greatest possible success with the least effort.

Inserted Video

I wish you much success

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1968 ---
More steps to success

Hello dear traders,

in my last video concrete steps to success, I gave you some tips on how to optimize your internet speed and ping values. In addition, we talked about an efficient workplace and the task was to select five different brokers from the Internet, open a demo account there and analyze the individual brokers with the spread indicator I provided. In today's video I will show you how you can find the optimal broker with your evaluated data and you will also receive a very interesting Excel spreadsheet and three helpful charts in the form of MT4 templates that you can download for free from my German blog at Forex Factory.

Inserted Video

Here are the indicators for download

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...3#post14569583

I wish you much success

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1969 ---
Concrete steps to success

Hello dear traders,

In the last few weeks we have analyzed 36 different trading challenges that can cause us massive problems in the long run. In my last video, we already discussed some solutions that we will now specify in the next 4 videos. In today's post I will show you how to find a good provider, how to improve your ping values, how to find your optimal broker and get helpful indicators that you can download for free from my blog at Forex Factory. This enables you to reach your goals even faster without having to hire an expensive trading coach.

Inserted Video

Here are the indicators for download

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...6#post14551366

I wish you much success

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1970 ---
Final steps to success

Hello dear traders,

in today's video you get my trading chart with an invisible stoploss and we talk about the crucial tick chart. In addition, today you will receive exclusive tones for the forex market and a volume indicator for the forex market that I developed, which comes very close to the futures market. In addition, you will receive a DoM specially created by me for the ATAS trading software for the future market. Of course, you can also download all of this data for free from my German blog afterwards.

Inserted Video

Here are the indicators for download

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...1#post14588651

I wish you much success

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1971 ---
More steps to success

Hello dear traders,

in my last video concrete steps to success, I gave you some tips on how to optimize your internet speed and ping values. In addition, we talked about an efficient workplace and the task was to select five different brokers from the Internet, open a demo account there and analyze the individual brokers with the spread indicator I provided. In today's video I will show you how you can find the optimal broker with your evaluated data and you will also receive a very interesting Excel spreadsheet and three helpful charts in the form of MT4 templates that you can download for free from my German blog at Forex Factory .

Inserted Video

Here are the indicators for download

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...3#post14569583

I wish you much success

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1972 ---
On the way to breakeven

Hello dear traders,

In the last few weeks we have talked very intensively about a clear approach and I have provided you with concrete templates from the Forex and Futures market, which you could download from my blog at Forex Factory. In today's article we'll talk about which future data is interesting and how you can even get stock market software for free. You will also receive further important information about the future market in my PDF file.

Inserted Video

Here is the information on how to get free stock market software

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...3#post14608283

I wish you much success

Kind regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #1973 ---
Final steps to success

Hello dear traders,

in today's video you get my trading chart with an invisible stoploss and we talk about the crucial tick chart. In addition, today you will receive exclusive tones for the forex market and a volume indicator for the forex market that I developed, which comes very close to the futures market. In addition, you will receive a DoM specially created by me for the ATAS trading software for the future market. Of course, you can also download all of this data for free from my German blog afterwards.

Inserted Video

Here are the indicators for download

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...1#post14588651

I wish you much success

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1974 ---
On the way to breakeven

Hello dear traders,

Hello dear algorithms traders, in the last few weeks we have talked very intensively about a clear approach, and I have provided you with concrete templates from the Forex and futures market, which you could download from my blog at Forex Factory. In today's article we'll talk about which future data is interesting and how you can even get stock market software for free.

Inserted Video

Here is the information on how to get free stock market software

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...3#post14608283

If you can't get into the secured area, watch this video first

Inserted Video

I wish you much success

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1975 ---
My market strategy

Hello dear traders,

in today's post we'll talk about my market strategy and what information I use to make my trading decisions. I'll also show you a market analysis that doesn't exist yet. This makes it even possible to see where the market is going for a few seconds in the future.

Inserted Video

I wish you a successful trading week

Kind regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #1976 ---
My market strategy

Hello dear traders,

in today's post we'll talk about my market strategy and what information I use to make my trading decisions. I'll also show you a market analysis that doesn't exist yet. This makes it even possible to see where the market is going, for a few seconds in the future.

Inserted Video

I wish you much success

Greetings Michael

--- 帖子 #1977 ---
Tricks of the big players

Hello dear traders,

In today's article we'll talk about a particularly nasty trick the big players use to ensure that you automatically take on a higher risk than you were originally prepared to invest. Of course, we will also talk about how you can reduce these risks in the future. This has happened to each of us. We get into a trade and suddenly realize we've been executed much later, or we get stopped out and wonder why we lost three times as much as our stop was originally set. This wasn't a billing error on the part of our broker, but rather a tough calculation by the big players. Let’s look at some examples.

Inserted Video

I wish you a nice weekend and good luck in trading next week.

Kind regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #1978 ---
Trading software the great unknown in trading

Hello dear traders,

in order to trade you basically don't need much, a computer or smartphone, internet access, a broker and trading software. But opinions differ here because trading depends exclusively on probabilities. These days it's all about milliseconds and for this reason the ping times of the internet line play a very important role. Since smartphones or iPads achieve disastrous ping times, a professional trader should only work with a computer connected to the Internet via a LAN cable. In addition, the hardware of the computer should be coordinated with the stock exchange software used in order to avoid any surprises in periods of high volatility. Another important aspect is the broker, who can earn up to half of your income depending on your trading strategy. We talked about this in great detail in my last videos. Since a broker's total fees are rarely presented transparently, you can use my published tools to compare fees efficiently. The right trading software is also crucial for your future success.

The trading software forms the interface between your trading computer and the broker. This allows you to transmit orders, open or close positions, analyze charts and track historical price trends. If you already trade CFDs through a broker, you probably already have experience with MT4, MT5 or the broker's in-house trading platforms.

Trading in the browser means that you don't have to download and install any programs in advance. You log in to the broker's website and can start trading immediately on their website. The big advantage is that this works on all operating systems. The disadvantage: As a rule, the software does not work as quickly and reliably as a downloaded application. Crashes can occasionally occur, especially with Flash and Java based applications. You can download different forms of trading software for Windows, iOS or Linux, which are then permanently installed on your PC. My preferred variant is a desktop trading software for Windows, as the stock market software programs run very stable under Windows.

While trading software from the Forex market only provides limited price data, in the stock exchange market this is somewhat more extensive due to the volume data. Basically, you can use trading software from the stock market to analyze and trade financial instruments such as bonds, stocks, futures, foreign exchange and options. In today's article we want to focus exclusively on the future markets.

When I dealt with futures data, I researched for many months to find the best stock market software for me. I analyzed the following providers, among others, in alphabetical order:

ATAS, Bookmap, Jigsaw, Meta Trader 5, MultiCharts, Ninja Trader, Quantower, Sierrachart, TradingView and Volfix.

Basically, each of these providers has advantages and disadvantages, which I cannot go into in detail here due to the scope. Nevertheless, I would recommend that you analyze these ten providers in more detail in order to find the best one for you. As far as I know, almost all providers offer the option to test a free demo version. The problem is that every trader has different approaches to trading, which also places different requirements on stock exchange software. Looking at Trustpilot reviews, the ranking of the stock exchange software looks like this:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

However, this is not representative because the requirements are different. A father with 3 children would definitely give a Porsche 911 2 stars because he cannot transport the children with it. And that has nothing to do with the Porsche being a bad vehicle. So it always depends on the individual situation. In my opinion, the 10 providers are excellent stock market software, but they are not suitable for everyone. That's why you should do your own comparison.

Good stock market software translates the fast-moving data from the futures market into a graphical representation using charting and analysis tools, which should be changed to enable a trader to make more efficient trading decisions. The goal: to increase returns and minimize risks. Some traders prefer a simple interface to easily buy and sell futures. Others expect their broker to provide a professional trading platform with special trading tools for extensive analysis options. Good trading software not only creates the technical requirements for buying and selling futures, but also offers many other functions that make trading faster and more efficient - from the supply of price data to various chart displays and analysis options to the transmission of complex orders and Use of trading algorithms. As you know, I analyze the algorithms of the big players, for this I use ATAS, Quantower, RTD Excel and MT4, which incidentally only scores 1.7 points on Trustpilot. Nevertheless, this compilation is optimal for my approach to trading. This option can change at any time, as the market is constantly changing.

In the first eight years of my trading career, I focused exclusively on reaching my break-even point in the Forex market and then optimizing profits. Only when I couldn't get any further with it did I look into the future data in order to penetrate even deeper into the market. This decision was the right one because it significantly optimized my winning percentage. Nevertheless, I would like to emphasize again at this point that you do not need future data to reach your break-even point sustainably. That's why I recommend first breaking even with 0.01 lot and then building on that. This saves you a lot of money.

As we have already discussed, from a risk perspective, it makes more sense to trade in the Forex market while using futures data to make better trading decisions. English brokers tend to be leaders in CFDs and American brokers are leaders in futures. This is particularly noticeable in the prices. After the additional payment obligation for futures was banned in Germany, the leverage was reduced and the prices increased at the same time. Anyone who actually trades futures has significantly greater security with a German broker than in America. For those of you who just want to get the future data without actually making a trade, brokers in America are a much better choice.

With AMP Futures you get the data of all currency pairs via CQG from $13 per month. You can also use the stock market software from Quantower or Multi Charts for free. Simply enter “Free Multicharts” or “Free Quantower” into Google. After you have entered your name and email address, you can download the respective exchange platform. You will receive a four-week free demo account via AMP via your email address, which you can use to try out the respective platform. If the data actually helps you, you can still consider opening an account with AMP. However, you should have a command of the English language. Please note that this is the current status as of October 2023 and of course I do not know whether this offer will also be available in the future.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

At this point I would like to emphasize once again that I do not receive any commissions or agency fees for my recommendations. I am exclusively a trader and do not own a business. Before you open an account with AMP-Futures, I recommend that you open a demo account to first get a feel for the stock market data. You can get extensive information about Quantower or Multi Charts on YouTube. Furthermore, I would generally recommend that you obtain detailed information on the Internet before you decide on something. This will save you a lot of money in the long run.

I keep my fingers crossed for you and wish you much success in trading.

Kind regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #1979 ---
Tricks of the big players

Hello dear traders,

In today's article we'll talk about a particularly nasty trick the big players use to ensure that you automatically take on a higher risk than you were originally prepared to invest. Of course, we will also talk about how you can reduce these risks in the future. This has happened to each of us. We get into a trade and suddenly realize we've been executed much later, or we get stopped out and wonder why we lost three times as much as our stop was originally set. This wasn't a billing error on the part of our broker, but rather a tough calculation by the big players. Let’s look at some examples.

Inserted Video

I wish you a nice weekend and good luck in trading next week.

Kind regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #1980 ---
The big lie in the DoM

Hello dear traders,

In today's article we look at the origin of all price movements, the spark plug that makes the engine run, so to speak. In the DoM there are up to 8 different market participants who represent different interests. Today we will discuss why the DoM sends us false information and why you lose more as a result. The video reveals some things you haven't seen before. Of course, we check somee solutions to reduce these losses. For this, we look at some examples.

Inserted Video

I wish you much success, in stores next week.

Kind regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #1981 ---
how do we use it?

--- 帖子 #1982 ---
Hello T4, in this case I recommend you contact the developer of the  indicator. Swingman can best explain to you how the indicator works. Kind regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #1983 ---
It's very simple:

- You take the time (hour) and read the corresponding range

- One sees for each pair how the ranges change, become larger or smaller over the course of the day.

--- 帖子 #1984 ---
What really moves the market?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Hello dear traders,

traders repeatedly ask themselves what exactly moves the market. Is it the technical analysis, the fundamental analysis, the price, the DoM, the big players or ultimately even the retailers? First of all, the price in the DoM is created by the market sell order on the bid side running into the limit buy order or the market buy order on the ask side running into the limit sell order. But there must be reasons why a market or limit order is placed in the market. Fundamental analysis is a complex and time-consuming process in stocks. Investors who want to learn fundamental analysis must become familiar with various methods and metrics and be able to read balance sheets and annual reports. In principle, however, the following also applies to fundamental analysis: the future is traded on the stock market - and it cannot be reliably predicted on the basis of past data.

But what about currency pairs? Of course, the EURUSD also reacts to fundamental data such as key economic factors, interest rates, employment data, GDP, industrial and retail, CPI, credit, prices, monetary and political influences and commodity prices, but this is often not the case. Let's look at a few examples: The impact of monetary policy on interest rates is an important element in evaluating a currency. Tighter monetary policy is likely to imply higher interest rates, while loose monetary policy indicates lower interest rates. Higher interest rates offer investors an incentive to invest; money is invested where more interest rates are attractive. Of course, this also depends on the security of the respective country. Since the dollar and the euro are the two largest currencies represented on the stock exchange worldwide, we do not need to think about the security required of investors. Both the Euroland, which is supported by the USA within NATO, and the USA itself are safe countries for investments.

At the end of September 2022, interest rates in the dollar were significantly higher than the euro, which would normally have indicated that the dollar would continue to be strong, driving the price of EURUSD further downwards. Instead, parity was abandoned and the euro became stronger. Of course, there are always several economic factors to consider, but what is much more important is how investors react to them. When Apple published its best quarterly report many years ago, the price of the stock unexpectedly fell. Perhaps many investors believed that Apple would not achieve such performance in the next quarter.

No matter what clues the fundamentals give us, in the end it is always the investors who decide where the price goes. Additionally, we know that only the biggest big players influence the price in EURUSD. Unfortunately, however, they use the retailers' stops to get to their destination more cheaply. We talked about this in my last video, which will appear here in English next week. For example, if Deutsche Bank has collected 300,000 lots in EURUSD via limit buy orders, the fundamentals can point to a strong dollar 1,000 times, the price will go up because Deutsche Bank is an entrepreneur and has enough money to invest in the euro to bring profit. Of course, these big players usually know in advance how the fundamental data is developing and take this into account before the collection campaign. But there are also situations that cannot be predicted, such as September 11th. This means that no matter what the fundamentals predict, supply and demand will ultimately determine the price. Significant capital flows into and out of one currency, perhaps as a result of large transactions by major big players or managed portfolio shifts, can shift the exchange rate for the currency pair in favor of the currency with higher demand.

For this reason, for me, the biggest big players are ultimately the decisive price drivers. First, they know more than all of us put together, and second, they don't carelessly risk money that isn't even theirs. It's easier for me to follow a major big player than to evaluate all the fundamentals while predicting how investors will react. But that's just my personal opinion, which is, as always, fallible.

In order to make a correct forecast in EURUSD, you have to analyze exactly what the big players are currently collecting. To do this, they need retailers who take an opposite market position. If the retailers don't react the way the big players would like, they have to resort to their bag of tricks and manipulate the market with stophunting, fake breakouts or even take a small detour. Creating a price forecast for the next few weeks is like looking into the crystal ball, as you never know how 1 million retailers will react in the next few weeks. Therefore, it is actually impossible to make a 100% correct forecast. If you were to make a prediction, the probability would be 50%. And this has nothing to do with knowledge and everything to do with luck.

Currency strength is a very interesting tool for us retailers in Forex that does not exist in the futures market. It helps us to assess the different strengths of a currency in order to often make reliable trading decisions.

I'll continue to keep my fingers crossed for you in retail.

Kind regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #1985 ---
The big lie in the DoM

Hello dear traders,

in today's article we look at the origin of all price movements, the spark plug that makes the engine run, so to speak. In the DoM there are up to 8 different market participants who represent different interests. Today we will discuss why the DoM sends us false information and why you lose more as a result. The video reveals some things you haven't seen before. Of course, we check somee solutions to reduce these losses. For this, we look at some examples.

Inserted Video

I wish you much success, in trading next week.

Kind regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #1986 ---
Creative to win

Hello dear traders,

Today's article is about the question of the extent to which creativity helps us in retail. In the last eight years I have personally gained a lot of experience in this area and discovered and developed many things that did not exist before. In this video we look at the extent to which creativity can support us in retail. Of course, there are some examples on this topic that are very interesting.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading.

Kind regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #1987 ---
The fairy tale in the future market

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Hello dear traders,

As we know, there is significantly less information in the Forex market than in the futures or stocks markets. In addition to the well-known footprint charts, there is volume information, iceberg tracker, pulling and stacking as well as the DOM and the time and sales list. According to the trading coaches, this is unbeatable information that allows you to see exactly where the big players are, bringing incredible returns to every retailer. Provided that you book an inexpensive trading seminar worth €10,000.

Around 1 million traders worldwide trade in the futures and stock markets and 5 million in the foreign exchange market. This means 15% trade on the stock market and 85% trade in the foreign exchange market. Statements like the futures market is the largest market in the world, only professionals trade in the futures market or on the stock exchange it is fairer are statements that are aimed solely at badmouthing the Forex market. Let's take a quick look behind the scenes and see to what extent this future data is actually helpful.

In volume trading we can look at vertical or horizontal trading volume. Both representations are calculated by adding market sell and market buy orders. But interestingly, the market sell order has nothing to do with a market buy order because they never meet in the market. The trading coaches then like to say that this high volume shows that a battle has taken place between large market participants. This is also complete nonsense, as the big players rarely fight with each other.

First of all, the big players collect the contracts they need with limit orders and use the retailers' stops. A high volume indicates a possible collection campaign, but the crucial question is: What was collected in this sideways phase and very few coaches have an answer to that. According to the law of causality, volume is just another type of pattern that also only arises by chance. By the way, it might be interesting that the big players are not interested in the volume because they produce it themselves.

For a retail trader who has previously traded in the foreign exchange market, the many flashing lights and numbers within a footprintchart are of course a small sensation. The trading coach now says that you can use these numbers to see exactly what these big players are up to. And if you know what someone else is planning, you can of course position yourself accordingly. But these are also just random assumptions, since as we already know, a market sell order has nothing to do with a market buy order and they never meet in the market.

Imbalance is also a very popular topic. If there is a strong deviation in the orders between best ask and best bid, this imbalance can be made visible in the market. This imbalance should act like a strong resistance zone. Unfortunately, these zones only work 30% of the time. In addition, the spread is often more than one tick large, which means that the assignment of best ask and best bid is no longer correct.

Dom Trading is also said to be true miracles. Ultimately, limit orders are a glimpse into the future, as this is where market participants show their willingness to enter into a trade. But is that really true? Unfortunately not, because by pulling or stacking a market participant is able to delete this limit order or add more at any time.

In the Time and Sales list you can see exactly which market orders are coming in. These orders are true, but it is not possible to see with what intention this market order was placed. A market buy order can mean an entry into the euro or an exit from the dollar. Likewise, a market sell order can show an entry into the dollar or an exit from the euro. Furthermore, these market orders come randomly and unexpectedly just like pulling or stacking.

The so-called iceberg trackers are particularly popular, with which you can see exactly where and when a large market participant absorbs. The fact is that native iceberg orders can be clearly identified, but synthetic iceberg orders cannot. And the largest proportion of iceberg orders are in the synthetic area. Even if you could predict absorption 100% correctly, you still don't know where the price will go after that.

The causality principle describes that the cause of the market movement depends exclusively on the market orders that flow into the limit orders. The result in the end is the price as well as the candle, which only ever arises randomly. This means that the volume of the footprint charts and the imbalance always only arise by chance. The same applies to the T&S list and the DoM.

The decisive movements that influence the market are the stops of the retailers and the orders that mainly slow down the market are the synthetic iceberg orders. And it is precisely these two types of orders that cannot be identified because we cannot see them. Of course, a future trader has more information than a Forex trader, but he can do just as much with it as a Forex trader can do with a candle.

And it is precisely for this reason that the world champions in Forex have beaten the world champions in futures 3 times in the last 5 years. So don't be fooled and continue trading in the Forex market, because due to many events, beginners in particular can lose up to 50 times less money than in the futures market. As a trader you always have to ask yourself the following question. Where can I achieve the most return with the least risk and also have a high probability of keeping it? And the answer is: definitely in the Forex market.

If you're smart, you can of course get the stock market data from the futures market to get additional information. However, I would generally only trade in the Forex market. You can find further information about this in my numerous videos.

I keep my fingers crossed for you and look forward to seeing you here again soon.

Kind regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #1988 ---
Creatively for profit

Hello dear traders,

today's article is about the question of the extent to which creativity helps us in trading. In the last eight years I have personally gained a lot of experience in this area and discovered and developed many things that did not exist before. In this video we look at the extent to which creativity can support us in retail.

Inserted Video

I wish you much success, this week.

Kind regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #1989 ---
Think about it carefully

Hello dear traders,

in today's article we want to look at the dark side of trading and take a very realistic look at the probability of success. To do this we need a bit of mathematics and an alert mind. Of course, it is possible to become successful in trading, but you have to meet some requirements, which we will talk about today. For most traders, their dreams have not come true because they were built on false expectations or promises.

Inserted Video

I wish you a great weekend

Kind regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #1990 ---
A perfect heart for Christmas!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

One day a young man stood in the middle of the city and declared that he had the most beautiful heart in the entire valley. A large crowd gathered and they all admired his heart because it was perfect. There was not a spot or flaw in him. Yes, they all agreed with him, it really was the most beautiful heart they had ever seen. The young man was very proud and boasted even louder about his beautiful heart. Suddenly an old man appeared in front of the crowd and said, “Well, your heart isn’t nearly as beautiful as mine.” The crowd and the young man looked at the old man's heart. It hit hard, but it was full of scars, it had places where pieces had been removed and replaced with others. But they didn't fit properly, and there were some frayed corners, and in some places there were even deep gouges where whole parts were missing.

People stared at him. How can he say his heart is more beautiful, they thought? The young man looked at the old man's heart, saw its condition and laughed: “You must be joking,” he said, “comparing your heart with mine. Mine is perfect and yours is a mess of scars and tears.” “Yes,” said the old man, “Yours looks perfect, but I would never trade places with you. Each scar represents a person to whom I have given my love. I tear out a piece of my heart and hand it to them, and often they give me a piece of their heart that fits into the empty space in my heart. But because the pieces are not precise, I have some rough edges that I treasure because they remind me of the love we shared. Sometimes I have given a piece of my heart without the other person giving me a piece of his heart in return. These are the empty furrows. Giving love sometimes means taking risks. Even though these grooves are painful, they remain open, and they too remind me of the love I feel for these people. I hope one day they will return and fill the space. Do you now realize what true beauty is?”

The true beauty and value of a heart is determined not by external perfection, but by the traces of love, compassion and selfless deeds that it collects over the course of a lifetime.

I wish you a wonderful Christmas from the bottom of my heart and may all your wishes come true.

Kind regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #1991 ---
History of candles
New Year's Eve 2023/2024

Hello dear traders,

Today we are climbing into a time machine that will catapult us to the year 1700, because this is exactly where the fascinating story about the creation of candles begins. You will learn things that are not only exciting but also extremely inspiring. Even though we go back 300 years, we find a man who was way ahead of his time. With the help of his creativity, he achieved goals that seem unthinkable today and, in today's terms, earned over $12 billion on the stock market. Of course, we will talk about how a candle is created and what the whole thing has to do with cause and effect. The story of the candles is intended to be a special gift at the end of the year. Maybe this video will motivate you to take creative approaches to trading in the future.

Inserted Video

I wish you a happy new year 2024 with lots of health, love and the creativity necessary to achieve your goals even faster.

Kind regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #1992 ---
Think about it carefully

Hello dear traders,

in today's article we want to look at the dark side of trading and take a realistic look at the probability of success. To do this we need a bit of mathematics and an alert mind. Of course, it is possible to become successful in trading, but you have to meet some requirements, which we will talk about today.

Inserted Video

Continued success

Kind regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #1993 ---
Announcement of the next videos

Hello dear traders,

Last year 2022 I produced and published 30 videos. In total, there were more than 10 hours of content that was viewed over 30,000 times by my followers. I would like to thank you very much for that.

As most of you know, I work full-time as a trader, but I also spend a lot of time advancing my personal project: “Algorithm Trading”. In the first half of 2024, I will have further tasks, including moving into a second home in Bavaria, which also needs to be equipped with my sophisticated technology such as a workstation, fiber optics, workstation and screens. In the last few months I have made sensational discoveries and progress in algorithm trading, which now have to be completed in the form of programming.

Since my followers deserve quality, I will reduce the number of my videos by 1/3 in the first half of the year. This means that a new video appears every 3 weeks as usual.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here you can see the next video topics with release dates. The German videos appear 1 week earlier

When the first half of 2024 is over, I will try to increase video production again with the appropriate quality. This year is a crucial year as the big players are testing new algorithms and approaches, which can already be felt in some markets. We get a little bit further every year, while the big players' lead narrows. I'm particularly pleased that more and more retailers are starting to get creative and analyze the markets according to the big players' approach. That's exactly the right way, because all the retailer strategies that are already known don't really work from a sustainability perspective. Let's always think about the high-frequency traders whose winning rate is 99.9%. The big players, who mostly act as day traders, achieve a profit rate of 90% and the institutional traders, who are often active in the medium to long-term investment area, only manage 60%. This shows that speed on the stock market is a good protection against the dominance of capital. If you are then able to read the algorithms of the big players, it is like winning a small lottery.

I wish you a very successful year 2024

Kind regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #1994 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1995 ---
The history of candles

Hello dear traders,

Today we are climbing into a time machine that will catapult us to the year 1700, because this is exactly where the fascinating story about the creation of candles begins. You will learn things that are not only exciting but also extremely inspiring. Even though we go back 300 years, we find a man who was way ahead of his time. With the help of his creativity, he achieved goals that seem unthinkable today and, in today's terms, earned over $12 billion on the stock market. Of course, we will talk about how a candle is created and what the whole thing has to do with cause and effect. The history of candles is a special gift and may motivate you to pursue creative ways in trading in the future.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success

Kind regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #1996 ---
Fear, revenge and greed

Hello dear traders,

Today's post is about the three biggest enemies in trading: fear, revenge and greed. Are these three characteristics actually our biggest enemies or is this just a way for trading coaches to instill their unnecessary mindset in us? In today's post I'll show you a simple way to kill the three flies of fear, revenge and greed in one fell swoop.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success

Kind regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #1997 ---
Fear, revenge and greed
(translated into English)

Hello dear traders,

Today's post is about the three biggest enemies in trading: fear, revenge and greed. Are these three characteristics actually our biggest enemies or is this just a way for trading coaches to instill their unnecessary mindset in us? In today's post I'll show you a simple way to kill the three flies of fear, revenge and greed in one fell swoop.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success

Kind regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #1998 ---
Wrong world stock exchange

Hello dear traders,

have you ever thought about why the stock market always behaves in exactly the opposite way to our opinion? If we strongly believe that the price is going long now, the price will go short and if we believe that the price will go down, it will immediately be pushed up. In today's post we will reveal the secret and I am convinced that many of you will be able to improve your break-even point in the long term.

Inserted Video

Have a great weekend

Kind regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #1999 ---
Wrong world stock exchange
(translated into English)

Hello dear traders,

have you ever thought about why the stock market always behaves in exactly the opposite way to our opinion? If we strongly believe that the price is going long now, the price will go short and if we believe that the price will go down, it will immediately be pushed up. In today's post we will reveal the secret and I am convinced that many of you will be able to improve your break-even point in the long term.

Inserted Video

Have a great weekend

Kind regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #2000 ---
Successful traders trades, unsuccessful traders coaches

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Hello dear traders,

On the way to becoming a successful trader, we meet many people on the Internet who have formed their own opinions about trading. In principle, that would be completely fine if it wasn't a money-making, rip-off or vanity thing. Some traders claim that trading is the easiest thing in the world. You don't understand why many traders think or act in such complicated ways. Traders who have been trying to break even for many years feel like outsiders or losers because things seem to be going so well and easily for others.

In Germany, Austria and Switzerland there are around 60,000 traders working in the futures, forex and stock markets, although I don't include the players who occasionally place a trade on their cell phone. 10% of them are making profits, 10% are breaking even and at least 80% are suffering losses, that's the unvarnished truth. 15% trade as position traders, 25% as swing traders, 50% as day traders, 8% as scalpers and only 2% as seconds scalpers. The position trader achieves the highest probability of winning because the spread is the smallest in relation to the take profit. The seconds scalper achieves the highest hourly wage because it achieves the highest tick value per minute.

When you browse the various trading forums, you often get the impression that over 80% of all traders there are successful. Incredible strategies and huge profits are published every day, some traders might actually get an inferiority complex. But if you then go to the broker's website, there is a legally required rate as to what percentage of small investors lose their money with this broker. According to the brokers, on average over 80% of small investors lose their money, although I personally believe that the numbers are significantly higher because they are partly embellished. How does this fit in with the statement of 80% of traders who supposedly record high profits every day? I think it has to do with the fact that people don't like to admit they're a loser. But if you're not willing to lose, you can't win, especially since as a beginner you'll only lose in the first few years. And that's completely normal and has nothing to do with being a loser.

If trading is actually that easy, why do over 80% lose money? As soon as we take the trouble to analyze the trading floors of the big players, we find that the big players employ thousands of traders, analysts and programmers. They invest billions of dollars in the latest technology, microwaves, to improve their latency times and use the fastest servers located in close proximity to the stock exchange. In order to use the best strategies, physicists, IT specialists and quants are employed to program special algorithms. If trading is actually so easy, why do the big players invest billions of dollars in technology, analysts and traders? The answer won't surprise any professional: Because trading is anything but easy. 80% claim to make money even though 80% of all traders lose. So we can assume that 80% of all traders are not telling the truth.

Approximately 10% of traders work in the areas of software, indicators, copy or foreign money trading or as trading coaches. If we now believe that every trading coach is profitable, then they would be the only winners in the stock market. Since out of 100% of all traders, only 10% are profitable. This means there would not be a single retailer who is not a trading coach and making profits. Since every trading coach has to pretend to make profits otherwise he wouldn't get any clients, that automatically means that 90% of all trading coaches lie. And even worse 90% of all trading coaches can't trade otherwise they would make enough money from trading, in order to make a living with it.

If you're a beginner looking for a trainer, there's a 90% chance you'll get scammed. Now some will say that the odds are even lower with roulette, but you usually lose less money and you expect to lose. However, as soon as you decide on a trading coach and perhaps pay them €10,000 in advance, you assume that you will be smarter at the end than you were at the beginning of the training. However, since 90% of the coaches themselves have no idea about trading, the probability is that €9,000 is lost. Nevertheless, in the end the hope prevails that the chosen trading coach is honest and that you will earn millions through his information. If his information were actually worth millions, the trading coach would make a lot of money in trading with his own knowledge and wouldn't have to make a fool of himself on the Internet just to find a customer. He wouldn't have to spend a large part of the day doing his show on TikTok & Co to acquire seminars, but could concentrate entirely on trading.

Think about it for yourself: Why is Shakira a singer and not training other singers as a vocal coach? Why is Lionel Messi not a coach? Why did Tom Brady, considered the greatest player of all time, win seven Super Bowls because he was a coach? Why did Tom Cruise receive $100 million for the blockbuster Top Gun: Maverick (2022)? Maybe because he trained other actors? No, because he is the most successful actor in the world and even does his own stunts. And that's exactly here the circle closes:

Successful traders trade,  unsuccessful traders coaches! Now many will ask themselves, does this wisdom always apply? Well, in 90% of cases definitely

I wish you continued success in trading

Kind regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #2001 ---
Fairy Tale Future Data

Hello dear traders,

In today's article we talk about the great fairy tale of future data. You all know the self-proclaimed trading coaches who claim in their seminars that the Forex market is a big scam because there is no Level 2 data there. They are trying to make us know that only in the futures market can we get in-depth data that shows us exactly what the big players are up to. We'll look at whether this is true or just big bullshit in this video.

Inserted Video

I wish you a nice weekend and much success in trading.

Kind regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #2002 ---
Fairy Tale Future Data
Video in English

Hello dear traders,

In today's article we talk about the great fairy tale of future data. You all know the self-proclaimed trading coaches who claim in their seminars that the Forex market is a big scam because there is no Level 2 data there. They are trying to make us know that only in the futures market can we get in-depth data that shows us exactly what the big players are up to. We'll look at whether this is true or just big bullshit in this video.

Inserted Video

I wish you a nice weekend and much success in trading.

Kind regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #2003 ---
How the big players collect

Hello dear traders,

In today's video we'll take a look at how the big players go about building their positions. A few things will come to light that will definitely cause some aha effects.

Inserted Video

I wish you much success in trading

Kind regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #2004 ---
How the big players collect
(translated into English)

Hello dear traders,

In today's video we'll take a look at how the big players go about building their positions. A few things will come to light that will definitely cause some aha effects.

Inserted Video

I wish you much success in trading

Kind regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #2005 ---
Volume follows liquidity

Hello dear traders,

In today's article I will show you why volume generally follows liquidity and not the other way around. This law also contributes to the fact that 90% of retailers lose.

Inserted Video

I wish you much success in trading

Kind regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #2006 ---
Volume follows liquidity
(translated into English)

Hello dear traders,

In today's article I will show you why volume generally follows liquidity and not the other way around. This law also contributes to the fact that 90% of retailers lose.

Inserted Video

I wish you much success in trading

Kind regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #2007 ---
What is ALGO Trading?

Hello dear traders,

In today's article I will show you what exactly is meant by algo trading and to what extent the algorithms of the big players can help us in daily trading.

Inserted Video

I wish you much success in trading

Kind regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #2008 ---
What is ALGO Trading?
(translated into English)

Hello dear traders,

In today's article I will show you what exactly is meant by algo trading and to what extent the algorithms of the big players can help us in daily trading.

Inserted Video

I wish you much success in trading

Kind regards, Michael

--- 帖子 #2009 ---
Why you shouldn't listen to coaches

Hello dear traders,

As more and more people are being ripped off and trading coaches are popping up like mushrooms, many students are not only getting stomach upsets, but millions of dollars are being wasted in the coaching process. In today's post, I'll show you the tricks and methods of the self-proclaimed trading coaches and how you can protect yourself from them.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Best wishes, Michael

--- 帖子 #2010 ---
Why you shouldn't listen to coaches
(translated into English)

Hello dear traders,

as more and more people are being ripped off and trading coaches are popping up like mushrooms, many students are not only getting stomach upsets, but millions of dollars are being wasted in the coaching process. In today's post, I'll show you the tricks and methods of the self-proclaimed trading coaches and how you can protect yourself from them.

Inserted Video

I wish you continued success in trading

Best wishes, Michael

--- 帖子 #2011 ---
Is the spread important?

Hello dear traders,

Today's article is about the question of how important the spread is in trading. Of course, you can save money by using a cheaper spread, but there are much more important aspects that very few traders have thought about. And that's exactly why today's article is particularly exciting. Afterwards, you will receive all the indicators you need to document up to 250,000 different spread recordings per day.

First of all, watch the video:
Inserted Video

You can find the corresponding indicators on my German blog
https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...4#post14902354

I wish you much success in trading

Best wishes, Michael

--- 帖子 #2012 ---
The big footprint lie

Hello dear traders,

in today's article we will look at the highly qualified statements of the trading coaches about the extent to which a footprint chart can actually help us in trading. This message from the coaches is aimed specifically at retail traders who have only worked with candles in the foreign exchange market so far. I would even agree with the statement that you can look deep into the candle with a footprint chart, because you can actually see the volume traded on the ask and bid side. The crucial question is whether this information actually helps us.

Inserted Video

A successful trading week

Best wishes, Michael

--- 帖子 #2013 ---
The big footprint lie
(translated into English)

Hello dear traders,

in today's article we will look at the highly qualified statements of the trading coaches about the extent to which a footprint chart can actually help us in trading. This message from the coaches is aimed specifically at retail traders who have only worked with candles in the foreign exchange market so far. I would even agree with the statement that you can look deep into the candle with a footprint chart, because you can actually see the volume traded on the ask and bid side. The crucial question is whether this information actually helps us.

Inserted Video

A successful trading week

Best wishes, Michael

--- 帖子 #2014 ---
How efficient are breakouts?

Hello dear traders,

in today's video we want to find out how efficient breakouts really are. Every trader is always fascinated when a price moves up or down very quickly and many have already calculated what they could have earned. It is also quick and easy money. Just press the buy button and 1 minute later you have earned €10,000. Trading coaches exploit this dream by supposedly teaching you how to trade breakouts correctly. So it's going to be exciting again.

Inserted Video

I wish you a successful trading week

Best wishes, Michael

--- 帖子 #2015 ---
How efficient are breakouts?
(translated into English)

Hello dear traders,

in today's video we want to find out how efficient breakouts really are. Every trader is always fascinated when a price moves up or down very quickly and many have already calculated what they could have earned. It is also quick and easy money. Just press the buy button and 1 minute later you have earned €10,000. Trading coaches exploit this dream by supposedly teaching you how to trade breakouts correctly. So it's going to be exciting again.

Inserted Video

I wish you a successful trading week

Best wishes, Michael

--- 帖子 #2016 ---
Fair Value Gap Hysteria

Hello dear traders,

Today we're talking about the fair value gap hysteria, which is also increasingly dominating the German market. Inflationary terms from the stock market environment are currently flooding the industry, fascinating beginners on the one hand and straining the funny bones of professionals at the same time. The trading coaches have already noticed that you can no longer lure customers out of their shells with volume footprint and trading with third-party money. So new ideas are needed. Since very few coaches are creative, they have to steal ideas from America. ICT and SMC offer enough potential to get willing traders to reach for their wallets. And so that you don't fall for this rubbish in the future, we're taking a closer look at the funny fair value gap today.

Inserted Video

I wish you a great weekend

Best wishes, Michael

--- 帖子 #2017 ---
Fair Value Gap Hysteria
(translated into English)

Hello dear traders,

Today we're talking about the fair value gap hysteria, which is also increasingly dominating the German market. Inflationary terms from the stock market environment are currently flooding the industry, fascinating beginners on the one hand and straining the funny bones of professionals at the same time. The trading coaches have already noticed that you can no longer lure customers out of their shells with volume footprint and trading with third-party money. So new ideas are needed. Since very few coaches are creative, they have to steal ideas from America. ICT and SMC offer enough potential to get willing traders to reach for their wallets. And so that you don't fall for this rubbish in the future, we're taking a closer look at the funny fair value gap today.

Inserted Video

I wish you a great weekend

Best wishes, Michael

--- 帖子 #2018 ---
How the stock market is manipulated

Hello dear traders,

in today's article we are dealing with the question of the extent to which the exchange stock markets are manipulated. What specific conspiracy theories are there and what is the truth behind them? With today's video we are starting to take a closer look at how the big players work. This topic is very extensive and important, which is why there are several videos on the subject that are extremely exciting and interesting.

Inserted Video

I hope you enjoy it

Best wishes, Michael

--- 帖子 #2019 ---
How the stock market is manipulated
(translated into English)

Hello dear traders,

in today's article we are dealing with the question of the extent to which the exchange stock markets are manipulated. What specific conspiracy theories are there and what is the truth behind them? With today's video we are starting to take a closer look at how the big players work. This topic is very extensive and important, which is why there are several videos on the subject that are extremely exciting and interesting.

Inserted Video

I hope you enjoy it

Best wishes, Michael

--- 帖子 #2020 ---
Strategy of the big players

Hello dear traders,

As already announced, in the coming videos we will be dealing with the specific working methods of the big players. This differs significantly from the way retailers operate, which also explains the high losses of retailers. In order to understand the specific working methods of the big players, some basics are necessary first, which we urgently need to talk about.

Inserted Video

I hope you enjoy it

Best wishes, Michael

--- 帖子 #2021 ---
Speech is silver, silence is gold

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Hello dear traders,

Today I would like to tell you an interesting story about how quickly an advantage in trading can become a disadvantage. For many years I have known a very likeable young trader (50 years old) who has been involved in trading on the side for many years. He has a secure and lucrative job and earns a little money from trading. Because he was so friendly, when we first met I gave him some tips on the bionic candle, of course free of charge. With this information he went looking for unusual patterns and found some. He wanted to use this to program an EA that would place a corresponding trade as soon as this pattern appeared in the bionic candle. The problem was that he was trading in the futures market via a third-party money provider and did not know the C++ programming language. Through three trader friends he finally came across an experienced programmer who was able to program this EA. What can I say, according to him, the EA had a win rate of almost 100%, but with a negative CRV. But that wasn't a problem, because the EA was profitable and on some days even brought in up to $500. You could actually earn a little money on the side with it, if no one else noticed. But his friends found out and are now using this EA too. But that wouldn't have been a problem either, but the trades are made via different third-party money providers. With a third-party money provider, you basically trade on a demo account, which the third-party money provider mirrors with a real money account. However, only the lucrative traders are mirrored. The third-party money provider receives all the trader informations from its customers, which are crucial. Since the guys have developed an EA that achieves a very high win rate, these very trades are mirrored 1:1 by the third-party money provider on real money accounts. But now it gets even worse. Since the trades are worthwhile, the third-party money provider gives up not just 1 lot, but several 100 lots. This immediately made the big players aware of this strategy and they are now developing an algorithm to counteract it in order to eliminate this troublemaker in the medium term. So it is only a matter of time before the nice, uncomplicated windfall is over. I recommended that he immediately look for a new strategy and program it himself as an EA in MT4. He is now attending a few online courses and in a year at the latest he will be able to program his own EA. The advantage: nobody will notice and if the EA runs under the radar of the big players, he will be able to enjoy it for many years. So my tip: if you have found a profitable strategy, enjoy it and keep quiet. Because as soon as the whole thing becomes inflated, the nice rain of money is over. The secret of the successful big players has been based on silence for decades, so: speech is silver, silence is gold. That doesn't mean that you shouldn't help your colleagues, but I don't have to tell a stranger where my safe is installed.

I will continue to keep my fingers crossed for you

Best wishes, Michael

--- 帖子 #2022 ---
Strategy of the big players
(translated into English)

Hello dear traders,

As already announced, in the coming videos we will be dealing with the specific working methods of the big players. This differs significantly from the way retailers operate, which also explains the high losses of retailers. In order to understand the specific working methods of the big players, some basics are necessary first, which we urgently need to talk about.

Inserted Video

I hope you enjoy it

Best wishes, Michael

--- 帖子 #2023 ---
What nobody tells you

Hello dear traders,

the topic we are talking about today is extremely controversial, as it may reveal the power relations of individual institutions. This is not about conspiracy theories, but about aspects that the banks prefer to keep to themselves. We will also look at how our stops are triggered to get in or out.

Inserted Video

I hope you enjoy it

Best wishes, Michael

--- 帖子 #2024 ---
What nobody tells you
(translated into English)

Hello dear traders,

the topic we are talking about today is extremely controversial, as it may reveal the power relations of individual institutions. This is not about conspiracy theories, but about aspects that the banks prefer to keep to themselves. We will also look at how our stops are triggered to get in or out.

Inserted Video

I hope you enjoy it

Best wishes, Michael

--- 帖子 #2025 ---
Hi Michael

Thanks for the nice shout.

Still following your blogs and read the posts. Good read for everyone!

Go well / Mos

--- 帖子 #2026 ---
The power of the big players

Hello dear traders,

today's video continues with how the big players work, and there is also some interesting information on the subject of the US election and the futures market. As always, it will be very exciting. Let yourself be surprised.

Inserted Video

I hope you enjoy it

Best wishes, Michael

--- 帖子 #2027 ---
The power of the big player
(translated into English)

Hello dear traders,

in today's video we continue with the way the big players work, and there is also some interesting information on the subject of the US election and the futures market. As always, it will be very exciting.

Inserted Video

I hope you enjoy it

Best wishes, Michael

--- 帖子 #2028 ---
Full speed into a dead end

Hello dear traders,

in today's video we go a little deeper into the market to understand how the big players operate and why they confuse us so often. We have to invert our thoughts in order to be able to follow them in the future. This is not easy at first glance but can still be done.

Inserted Video

I hope you enjoy it

Best wishes, Michael

--- 帖子 #2029 ---
The best threads on FF

Hello dear traders,

as of December 15, 2024, there are over 1 million members on FF and the question arises: what information is valuable and actually helps a trader. First of all, there are currently 722 high impact members, 1,085 medium impact members and 1,807 low impact members. There are also 6,120 commercial members who were not taken into account in our evaluation because they are primarily focused on a business advantage or monetary compensation. There are also former high, medium and low impact members here who, however, at some point violated the non-commercial guidelines and were therefore banned to the commercial side. Of course, there are also interesting posts there, which we do not take into account for the reasons mentioned. This leaves 722 high impact, 1,085 medium and 1,807 low impact members. The most successful threads are on the high impact members page.

Of course there are also interesting posts from the medium and low impact members, but a new member can reach the status of high impact member within a year. Therefore, our evaluation only included the high impact members who are among the most successful 0.1% of all members. This refers exclusively to membership in FF and says nothing about the financial success of their trading. Of course there are also successful traders who publish no or poor posts, just as there are unsuccessful traders who publish very good posts. Unfortunately it is impossible to draw a clear distinction here.

The selected high impact members initially include pure subscribers without buddies. Buddies are members who follow each other to push themselves up the rankings or because they are actually friends with each other. A subscriber follows a member selflessly because they find the information on this thread interesting.

Evaluation process:

First of all, there are different ways to arrive at a fair evaluation. Since I have been a member of Forex Factory for over seven years, I have tried to use a fair rating system. Let's look at this in detail.

The 722 high impact members differ mainly in the number of their subscribers. 2526 subscribers follow the largest thread and in 100th place there are a total of 293 followers. Therefore, the 100 largest high impact members were selected. Among these 100 there are four people who have not published a single post and a newsstand who is responsible for news. These five candidates were not taken into account in the rating. That leaves 95 high impact members who now had to be rated. In total, there were eight criteria that were taken into account in the rating.

Number of subscribers per month

Here the total number of subscribers is simply divided by the number of months of membership that a high impact member has achieved at FF. It indirectly shows how successful and current a thread is. Of course, young members often have an advantage, e.g. LauraT, who has only been here for 56 months and has 9.0 subscribers per month. But there are enough examples to disprove this. Ata-Turkoglu, who has been here for over ten years, has 19.9 subscribers per month and Hanover, who has been here for over 219 months, has 7.5 subscribers, even though he hasn't been active for three years.

Number of posts per month

There are major differences here, from 514 posts per month to 0.1 posts per month. In principle, this is purely a matter of hard work and also shows the willingness to communicate with the individual subscribers. Of course, one efficient post is better than ten inefficient posts, but with millions of posts, it is not possible to make a clear assessment here.

Posts per subscriber

Here, the number of posts is divided by the number of subscribers. This allows you to calculate how many posts a high impact member needs to theoretically gain a subscriber. The fewer posts are needed, the more efficient the approach is. This also applies to questions that are answered in the thread.

Ignored people

Many high impact members know that destructive criticism occurs from time to time, which is anything but fair. There are people who can take criticism, while others will not put up with anything. This sometimes leads to massive arguments and hostility. An ignored person can be excluded from a thread by a member. The basis here is the number of ignored people, which is compared to the number of subscribers. The number of ignored people ranges from 0% to 244%. The fewer people are ignored, the higher the score.

Files published per month

A member can provide their subscribers with indicators or files, such as PDFs or Excel files, which they can then download. This rating calculates how many files were made available per month. Everything from 14.6 files per month to 0 files is included. The greater the willingness to provide files, the higher the score.

Images published per month

We all know the saying: A picture is worth a thousand words. Images help to understand the written text better and faster. The greater the willingness to post images, the higher the corresponding score.

Number of subscribers

If one high impact member reaches 1000 subscribers, while another only reaches 100 subscribers, there are clear reasons for this. First and foremost, it shows the interest of traders that this thread offers something special. Of course, in the past there have always been members who created so-called fake accounts in order to increase the number of their subscribers. Fortunately, Forex Factory was able to prevent this fake using IP numbers and location data. It can therefore be assumed that most subscribers are real subscribers.

Length of membership

The oldest High Impact Member has been a member for over 20 years, while the youngest member has only been a member for 4.5 years. The longer a member has been a member, the higher the score.

Special note:

Of course, it doesn't matter which country a member comes from, because all countries are basically worth the same. Age, gender and religion also play no role. There was also no assessment of the quality of the published posts, as this would not be objective.

Overall rating

There are now different rankings within the 8 different criteria. The best ranking gets 95 points, the worst just one point. At the end, all points are added together to produce the following results, sorted alphabetically by name.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here are places 1-48 in the 8 different criteria
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here are places 49-95 in the 8 different criteria
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

You can find the 12 best threads here, although in some cases the points are not far apart.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here are the best threads places 1 to 95

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Of course, you could also weight the individual 8 criteria differently to achieve a different result. But that would potentially be very one-sided in the end. Please note that the best 95 threads or members were rated here. Even if someone is in last place, they are still in the best 0.01% of all members, as there are over 1 million members on FF. In addition, the rating does not show the whole truth, as the threads cannot be checked for quality, logic or sustainability. Ultimately, it is always the individual traders who decide which information is good or less good.

Of course, every trader is looking for the system that suits them. There is a lot of information within these 95 threads that can help you. Just start at number 1 and get a rough overview. If the strategy or approach doesn't appeal to you, just switch to number 2 and look around there. Of course, this will take a while, but it might save you a lot of time, as there are currently over 3,600 high, medium and low impact members who provide around 15,000 threads. In total, there are 78,000 threads on Forex Factory, which we have reduced to around 400 threads today. Personally, I don't want to rate the individual members or threads here, as that is not possible in depth.

In the end, the following is crucial:

Every trader who passes on his knowledge is trying to help other traders selflessly. That is something very special and I would like to thank everyone for that.

I wish you continued success

Best wishes, Michael

--- 帖子 #2030 ---
Full speed into a dead end
(translated into English)

Hello dear traders,

in today's video we go a little deeper into the market to understand how the big players operate and why they confuse us so often. We must invert our thoughts in order to be able to follow them in the future. This is not easy at first glance but can still be done.

Inserted Video

I hope you enjoy it

Best wishes, Michael

--- 帖子 #2031 ---
Christmas 2024

Hello dear traders, followers and subscribers,

As we approach the end of another eventful year, I would like to take the opportunity to look back on the past year and at the same time take a look into the future. It was a year full of challenges, lessons and also many opportunities - a year that shaped us as traders. Trading is more than just charts and numbers. It is a way to constantly develop our discipline, patience and understanding of the markets. This year has shown us how important it is to have a clear plan, manage risks and focus on what really matters: sustainable and consistent results.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

We all know that the markets are unpredictable. But it is precisely in this unpredictability that the opportunity lies - the chance to constantly improve and recognize new opportunities. Success in trading does not come overnight. It is a process, a marathon and not a sprint. And I am proud to be part of a community that supports, motivates and learns from each other. I would like to thank each and every one of you - for your commitment, your questions, your experiences and above all for your positive energy. Your journey inspires not only me, but also many others who have set out to understand the financial markets and trade successfully. Every loss is a lesson and every win is a reward for your hard work and discipline. Stay focused, stay hungry for knowledge and, above all, always remain open to growth. I wish you and your families a Merry Christmas, relaxing holidays and a successful start to the New Year with the new video: "History of Money".

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

For the last video of this year, I have come up with something special: It is about the history of money, which should make us all think. The English translation will be released on December 30th, 2024 at 3:00 p.m. I look forward to accompanying you on your journey next year and am excited about the successes we will celebrate together. Thank you for being part of this community. Let's start the coming year with enthusiasm, passion and a clear vision.

To you, to us, to a peaceful Christmas and a great start to the new year 2025.

Best wishes, Michael

--- 帖子 #2032 ---
History of money

Hello dear traders,

I hope you had a peaceful Christmas with your family and look back on a successful 2024. Today, at the end of the year, I would like to tell you about the history of money, which, when viewed in depth, contains a lot to think about. Henry Ford, founder of the Ford Motor Company, once said: "It is a good thing that people do not understand our banking and monetary system, because otherwise we would have a revolution before tomorrow morning." Even 100 years later, nothing has changed, because most people still do not understand our financial system. Mark Twain explained this aptly: "It is not what we do not know that gets us into trouble, but what we mistakenly think we know." This statement is particularly apt for the monetary system, which is characterized by myths and misunderstandings.

Inserted Video

I hope you enjoy it

Best wishes, Michael

--- 帖子 #2033 ---
History of money
(translated into English)

Hello dear traders,

I hope you had a peaceful Christmas with your family and look back on a successful 2024. Today, at the end of the year, I would like to tell you about the history of money, which, when viewed in depth, contains a lot to think about. Henry Ford, founder of the Ford Motor Company, once said: "It is a good thing that people do not understand our banking and monetary system, because otherwise we would have a revolution before tomorrow morning." Even 100 years later, nothing has changed, because most people still do not understand our financial system. Mark Twain explained this aptly: "It is not what we do not know that gets us into trouble, but what we mistakenly think we know." This statement is particularly apt for the monetary system, which is characterized by myths and misunderstandings.

Inserted Video

I hope you enjoy it

Best wishes, Michael

--- 帖子 #2034 ---
Video dates in 2025

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Hello dear traders,

I hope that you have started the new year 2025 with good intentions and I wish you the success you deserve. This year will indeed be a big challenge, Donald Trump will be sworn in on the 20th and a month later there will be elections in Germany. These factors will have an impact on the euro US dollar and many other assets. Half a year ago, in July 2024, we had three times as much liquidity in the euro US dollar as we do now. This has almost doubled volatility, which at the same time increases the risk and makes it more difficult to identify algorithms. In addition, in January 2025 new algorithms were brought into play by the big players, which currently still need to be analyzed and evaluated in detail. This means that I have many projects coming up this year that now require my undivided attention. Of course, I will publish the individual results in my videos so that you are always up to date. For 2025, twelve videos are initially planned, which will always appear at 9:00 a.m. on the last Saturday of each month.

January 25, 2025

February 22, 2025

March 29, 2025

April 26, 2025

May 31, 2025

June 28, 2025

July 26, 2025

August 30, 2025

September 27, 2025

October 25, 2025

November 29, 2025

December 27, 2025

Depending on demand, additional videos will be published between the dates. This will enable me to react more quickly to current changes and post more videos. The release date for possible additional videos will also be a Saturday.

I have two channels on YouTube, one German and one English.

German channel: youtube.com/BionicsForexAlgorithmen

English channel: youtube.com/BionicsForexAlgorithms

The English channel translates my German text, the videos and images remain unchanged. The translation, which also takes a lot of time, was created for my English followers at Forex Factory. That's why the number of hits there is significantly lower than on my German channel.

On Forex Factory, the largest trading platform in the world, I am in 18th place out of over 1 million members and have a total of 4 threads there.

Forex Factory: https://www.forexfactory.com/bionics

In addition to current information and indicators, you will find interesting aspects about trading there in English and German.

In 2018, I was the only European to develop a new trading candle (Bionic Candle), which has already been downloaded over 40,000 times for MT4. The two largest software providers for the future market, ATAS and Quantower, have already integrated this bionic candle into their platform. All private traders can of course use this candle free of charge.

I wish you a successful year and keep my fingers crossed for all of us that we can look back and be satisfied at the end of 2025.

Best wishes

Michael

--- 帖子 #2035 ---
How the algorithms help us

Hello dear traders,

In today's video I will show you how the algorithms of the big players help us and what opportunities arise from them. I will show you how we can use the patterns that the algorithms produce to look into the future for a few seconds in order to generate profitable trades. We will talk about why identifying the algorithms is the future and how the markets change as a result. It is a big challenge, but one that is worth it, especially for a scalper.

Inserted Video

I hope you have fun

Best wishes, Michael

--- 帖子 #2036 ---
Liquidity in EURUSD / Euro FX 6E

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Hello dear traders

Compared to July 2024 compared to December 2024, liquidity in Euro 6E has reduced by a factor of three. In 2024, the DoM had ten levels of up to 4000 lots on the ask and bid side. Currently, there are between 1200-1500 lots. This has to do with many factors, including the election in America, the upcoming election in Germany, and other political influencing factors within the EU and the world. In addition, it is completely normal for liquidity to be withdrawn from the market at the end of the year and gradually reintroduced from mid-January of the new year. In the EURUSD foreign exchange market, liquidity is 100 times greater than in the Euro FX 6E future market, but there it is also currently only around a third of the values that were present in summer 24. Due to the withdrawal of liquidity, volatility has understandably doubled. Generally, high liquidity in an asset shows interest from the big players. Of course, interest in the Euro US dollar is generally very high, but, as already written, political factors are responsible for the fact that there is still great uncertainty about adding further liquidity. I believe that this uncertainty will reduce in the next few months and we will see significantly more liquidity in both the Future 6E and the Forex EURUSD. The situation is currently unsatisfactory for us too. The higher the liquidity in the market, the better we are able to read the algorithms of the big players. Higher liquidity requires the increased use of algorithms. This will inevitably significantly reduce volatility, but future price movements can be predicted more clearly through algorithm analysis. Some traders like to make a lot of money in a short period of time. This is precisely why the S&P or NASDAQ is a popular trading instrument, as the volatility is very high there. Unfortunately, however, most people forget that 90% of traders lose. Of course, 10% of traders will reach their goal faster, but 90% will also lose their money faster. High volatility usually means low liquidity, and low liquidity also shows little interest from the big players. A beginner should therefore generally start in markets with high liquidity and once he has reached his break-even point, markets with higher volatility are easier to trade. This can significantly reduce his losses.

I wish you continued success in trading.

Best wishes, Michael

--- 帖子 #2037 ---
How the algorithms help us
(translated into English)

Hello dear traders,

In today's video I will show you how the algorithms of the big players help us and what opportunities arise from them. I will show you how we can use the patterns that the algorithms produce to look into the future for a few seconds to generate profitable trades. We will talk about why identifying the algorithms is the future and how the markets change as a result. It is a big challenge, but one that is worth it, especially for a scalper.

Inserted Video

I hope you have fun

Best wishes, Michael

--- 帖子 #2038 ---
Hear the algorithms in EURUSD

Hello dear algorithm traders,

in this 2.5 hour video you can see my 86" main screen on February 14th, 2025 from 5:00 p.m. to 7:30 p.m. We see the EURUSD currency pair in the foreign exchange market and the evaluation of the algorithms in Euro FX 6E. Pay attention to the different patterns that are forming. The sounds on the right and left speaker channels are also interesting. If you look at the chart history for a while, even a layperson can often see which direction the price will take next. Proof that identifying the big player algorithms is the future.

Inserted Video

Enjoy listening

Best wishes, Michael

--- 帖子 #2039 ---
Which party should Germany vote for?

Hello dear traders from all over the world,

In a few days there will be elections in Germany after the previous Chancellor was voted out by a vote of confidence. Around 30% of all eligible voters are undecided as to which party they should vote for on February 23, 2025. I have created a video to help with this. First of all: I do not want to favor or disadvantage any party in this article, because according to the voters, every party has its merits. The following text is only my personal opinion and does not claim to be complete. Basically, everyone always votes for the party that brings them the most advantages or that corresponds to their ideology, and that is perfectly fine. Although we all know that many promises are usually broken again after the election. This is not because all parties are fraudsters, but primarily because they are completely overwhelmed by the current situation or do not agree. I think it is important that Germany has good trade relations with America, Russia or China. We german should learn from the mistakes of the past and behave decently in the world.

Inserted Video

I wish us all much success

Best wishes, Michael

--- 帖子 #2040 ---
Trading against algorithms

Hello dear traders,

in my penultimate video we talked about how the algorithms of the big players can help us. Last week I posted my main trading chart, where you can look into the future for a few seconds using sounds and liquidity. Today's video will explain why trading against algorithms the future will be. You will learn very interesting things today that can help you in the future. As soon as the first algo tests have been successfully completed, I will also post a video in live trading, I hope that we can still do that this year.

Inserted Video

I hope you have fun with it

Best wishes, Michael

--- 帖子 #2041 ---
Trading against algorithms
(translated into English)

Hello dear traders,

in my penultimate video we talked about how the algorithms of the big players can help us. Last week I posted my main trading chart, where you can look into the future for a few seconds using sounds and liquidity. Today's video will explain why trading against algorithms the future will be. You will learn very interesting things today that can help you in the future. As soon as the first algo tests have been successfully completed, I will also post a video in live trading, I hope that we can still do that this year.

Inserted Video

I hope you have fun with it

Best wishes, Michael

--- 帖子 #2042 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Call to all members of Forex Factory,

in recent years, pirates and fraudsters have become more and more brazen. They don't make any money from their trading and steal indicators to modify them, sell them or gain fame with them. I already published a post about this on June 4th, 2022 in the thread: "Hall of Shame".

https://www.forexfactory.com/thread/...1#post14021391

At fxeachraked, you could find indicators from Swingman, Cja, Sangmane, FX Sniper and me, among others. The site is now no longer accessible. That's exactly the problem, the fraudsters are always on the run because they can be caught at any time.

Forex Factory is the largest platform for innovating new indicators, there are many creative developers there who create their own indicators and make them available to all traders free of charge. However, they are not prepared to publish this indicator on TradingView because they would have to provide the source code there.

Then there are people like CogAlpha, who look for good ideas on Forex Factory, reprogram these indicators and publish them on TradingView. This gives them a certain level of fame without them having to be creative themselves. They want to use this level of fame to eventually earn a lot of money with contract programming work. What they fail to take into account is that this is a criminal offense according to Section 106 of the German Civil Code.

When is it a copyright infringement?

Any use of copyrighted works on the Internet without the consent of the author or rights holder is a copyright infringement.

How high is the penalty for copyright infringement?

Anyone who reproduces, distributes or publicly reproduces a work or an adaptation or modification of a work without the consent of the right holder in cases other than those permitted by law will be punished with imprisonment of up to three years or a fine. Trying to do so is a criminal offense. In the US and Canada, the penalties are much higher.

Another point that is not taken into account, TradingView also has clear rules.

TradingView House Rules

No plagiarism. You must obtain permission from the original author. Please only create and share content that is yours alone. Do not copy or use other people's content without permission or citing its authors. Make sure you respect the legal rights for reusing content. Just like in school, copying only leads to detention, suspensions and eventually expulsion.

Serious violations TradingView

Some violations are more serious than others and can lead to an immediate permanent ban. These include plagiarism, spamming in the public library, misleading users and advertising outside of the signature field of a premium account.

Let's take a look at how CogAlpha does it:

On 02.03.25 CogAlpha wrote in my blog:

Playing around with Bionic Candles on TradingView.. Fun..

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

He posted this image

Note: This means he already admits that he uses my Bionic Candle as the basis for his programming, a clear violation of copyright.

I asked him kindly: Hi CogAlpha, where can we find the Bionic Candle on TradingView? Best regards Michael

He replied:Not yet available as there are a few things I need to fix... I also wonder if you are fine with it? To be fair, I am also not sure if its exactly the same, as I dont have the actual code. But the fundamental logic should be similar, based on your explanations given.

Note: We can already see here that he has no idea what benefit the Bionic Candle brings to the individual trader.

I then wrote him the following reply: Hello CogAlpha, first of all, I think it's good that you are so honest. As described in many of my videos, the Bionic Candle is protected and a copy would constitute a copyright infringement. Since I am the developer of the Bionic Candle, I do not allow a copy for Tradingview, as the Bionic Candle should continue to be protected. If the developers of Tradingviev approach me, I will be happy to talk to them about a protected implementation of the Bionic Candle for Tradingview. The version you have developed is unfortunately not complete and will therefore not work correctly. I have no problem if you build any indicator and use it exclusively for private purposes. We both have a problem if you copy my development to use it in Tradingview or to pass it on, possibly sell it or enrich yourself financially in some way. The Bionic Candle has been protected to ensure that every trader can use it free of charge. If the Bionic Candle really helps you, you can currently only use it in MT4, MT5, ATAS and Quantower. Both ATAS and Quantower have implemented the Bionic Candle in their respective systems, and this would also apply to Tradingview. Nothing has happened yet and you have not committed any copyright infringement. Therefore, in your own interest, I ask you not to publish or share your programming. Thank you very much and continued success in trading. Best wishes, Michael

Note: I believe it has become clear that as a developer, I do not give consent for my Bionic Candle to be copied.

Reply from CogAlpha: Thank you for your message and for sharing your concerns about the Bionic Candle indicator. I appreciate your position as the original developer and your desire to protect your work.

Note: He has confirmed that he understands that I do not give consent for my Bionic Candle to be copied.

I'd like to clarify that what I've created is my own implementation based on publicly available information and explanations you've shared in your videos/Thread. Copyright law generally protects the specific expression (the actual code) rather than the underlying concepts, mathematical formulas, or trading logic that the indicator represents. While I understand your request, it's important to note that independently implementing trading logic based on publicly explained concepts is typically considered legitimate reverse engineering. The indicator I've developed for TradingView: Uses my own original code, was built based on public information, functions differently in several respects from your MT4 version.That said, I respect your work and understand your concerns about potential distribution. Thank you very much and continued success in trading. Best wishes, Chris

Note: This is cheeky and brazen, but from a legal point of view it is a mistake. In his first post with a picture, he refers to my Bionic Candle. This means that he admits that the Bionic Candle is the basis for his copyright infringement. In addition, he has already created this copyright infringement on TradingView. According to him, you could buy a Mercedes, take it apart, rebuild it with a few modifications and then sell it as your own creation. Fortunately, this is protected by copyright.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

What he doesn't realize is that in addition to my Bionic candle, he also copied an indicator from cja. (https://www.forexfactory.com/cja) It looks like other members of FF are affected. He has also already clashed with two other High Impact members, emmanuel7788 and Erebus.

Here is his account at TradingView, check for yourself whether he copied an indicator from you or someone you know.

https://www.tradingview.com/u/Cognit...lished-scripts

If that is the case, inform the operators of Forex Factory and the operators of TradingView immediately. This should make his membership with FF or TradingView a thing of the past.

If a person is not creative and steals ideas in order to enrich themselves directly or indirectly, then this is often not an isolated case. He will do it again and again and at some point the law will strike with full force. Especially since CogAlpha comes from Germany and they catch such people quicker there than in other countries. Our judiciary uses his email or IP number to find his home address and this data is stored in Germany for at least 10 weeks.

If you notice anything or have further information that convicts CogAlpha of a crime, please write to me and I will show my gratitude. If several people are affected, we can also launch a class action lawsuit, which will make it a little more expensive for him.

Maybe he will learn from his mistakes and retreat, if not the law will do it. Learning through insight requires cognitive abilities (perception, imagination) of the individual. People learn through insight or pain, but when both come together it is often most effective.

The problem is this: If any idiot here on FF can steal indicators and sell them as their own creations, the really creative traders will no longer post ideas. And that's exactly what makes FF so special: the majority of traders benefit from these ideas. But to do that, we have to work together to make sure that the scammers disappear.

I'm keeping my fingers crossed for you all

Best wishes, Michael

--- 帖子 #2043 ---
Maybe I'm going to regret making this post, but I observe...

First, I'm subscribed to -- but have never dived deep into -- your thread because you're obviously a seasoned, thoughtful trader, and you post some indicators I might be interested in. You put a lot of work into your thread and videos, and I respect that. There may well be real value here, and I hope to explore it further, to find out if there's more of interest to me. I also have no clue if you have a hidden commercial agenda, but I haven't noticed, and am not saying you do.

Regarding scammers who decompile source, or take what was freely posted, then turn around and sell it, yes they are the worst. I applaud your efforts to call them out and try to shut them down, though nearly impossible on this "world wide web".

I started trading around 18 years ago. I can program, but didn't know MT4. So I started learning by reading source code examples, figuring out what each did, and made incremental improvements. I posted many indicators (long ago), and always gave credit to the original author(s) of each. What I've learned over the years is that most free examples of code do close to what they're supposed to do, but have many bugs, are written with huge inefficiencies, and -- after "improving" enough of them, I also learned it would often be better to start over from scratch. BUT, I could not have even started writing MT4 had I not had MT4 source examples to learn from!

CogAlpha is posting his source.

It's for TradingView, which I don't use, but if MetaTrader ever bites the dust, we'll all need an alternative.

AFAIK, he does not appear to be charging for it. If he develops a reputation for coding and then does contract work, great! Good for him and the traders who can't code.

His free code shows by way of example how others can write TradingView indicators.

He gets ideas from... anywhere, just like you, me and all traders.

I will concede one point, that he probably shouldn't call what he's doing, exactly "Bionic Candles" (which are yours), but I would have no objection had he wrote on your blog:

"Playing around with my interpretation of Bionic Candles on TradingView.. Fun.."

He's obviously not trying to hide from you, not scamming anyone. In fact, he's drawing more attention to you. I've never even used Bionic Candles, have no idea what they are or how useful they may be. I might now dive in deeper. (Why not now... is that I'm very busy with coding my own ideas).

It is often said that "imitation is the sincerest form of flattery". I would agree with just that, as said. Feel flattered.

No doubt, some will resonate more with the full quote, attributed to Oscar Wilde:

"Imitation is the sincerest form of flattery that mediocrity can pay to greatness".

Perhaps -- for now -- it's mere mediocrity. But we all start in Kindergarten, then Grade school, College for many, then a few achieve true inspiration putting it all together. But none get there without the steps in between, and by watching and learning from others along the way.

Regarding what CogAlpha (Chris) wrote you:

"Copyright law generally protects the specific expression (the actual code) rather than the underlying concepts, mathematical formulas, or trading logic that the indicator represents."

... Seems to be a reasonable and fair interpretation to me.

--- 帖子 #2044 ---
Hello pips4life, I think it's very honorable that you are supporting Chris (CogAlpha), who has already helped you, but that doesn't mitigate his criminal offense.

Let's talk about the facts first:

Your words: I also have no clue if you have a hidden commercial agenda, but I haven't noticed, and am not saying you do.

My comment: A possible commercial intent has nothing to do with the current situation at hand. My motto, which is on my YouTube channel, is: A successful trader makes his money from trading, an unsuccessful trader from coaching (or from selling indicators or programming work). I could certainly have made a lot of money by selling my Bionic candle, but that never interested me because I've been trading successfully for 15 years. I would even have been ashamed to charge other traders money for my indicators.

Your words: Regarding scammers who decompile source, or take what was freely posted, then turn around and sell it, yes they are the worst. I applaud your efforts to call them out and try to shut them down, though nearly impossible on this "world wide web".

My comment: Then you should actually understand my situation and save Chris from doing something very stupid. If someone steals something you have worked on for years, would you just accept it?

Your words: CogAlpha publishes its source code.

My comment: Tradingview requires open source code, otherwise you cannot post there. Most published indicators in MT4 are created as ex4 and not as mql4. This means they are protected because the programmer wants to protect himself from scammers. This is common in the software sector. Of course there is public source code, for example for Internet browsers, but not because the developers are so friendly, but rather to save a lot of money on maintenance work.

Your words: It's for TradingView, which I don't use, but if MetaTrader ever bites the dust, we'll all need an alternative.

My comment: But that is no reason to steal indicators from others. Just because Mercedes could go bankrupt, no one would think of stealing the development work to copy this vehicle. Where would that get us?

For information: MT4 has been around since 2010 and in 2012 its successor MT5 came out, which has not yet been able to compete with MT4. MT4 is the largest trading platform in the world and that will not change in the next 10 years. Tradingview is a good idea, primarily for stock buyers. I personally don't know a single successful future trader who works with Tradingview.

Your words: As far as I know, he does not appear to be charging for it. If he develops a reputation for coding and then does contract work, great! Good for him and the traders who can't code. He gets ideas from... anywhere, just like you, me and all traders.

My comment: The future is not in stealing ideas, but in being creative in developing new ones. If you make money by stealing, that is a criminal offense.

Your words: I will concede one point, that he probably shouldn't call what he's doing, exactly "Bionic Candles" (which are yours), but I would have no objection had he wrote on your blog: "Playing around with my interpretation of Bionic Candles on TradingView.. Fun.."

My comment: It's not about the name, German law is clear here: "Anyone who, in cases other than those permitted by law, reproduces, distributes or publicly displays a work or an adaptation or transformation of a work without the consent of the authorized party, shall be punished with imprisonment of up to three years or a fine." If CogAlpha recreates the Bionic Candle, we will see how the German legislature reacts.

Your words: He's obviously not trying to hide from you, not scamming anyone.

My comment: He cannot hide either, because it would have come out sooner or later. But then he would have had a big problem, because he would have committed a criminal offense of copyright infringement. If he communicated openly, why didn't he talk to me before copying my indicator, then he would have been spared a lot of work.

Your words: It is often said that "imitation is the sincerest form of flattery". I would agree with just that, as said. Feel flattered.

My comment: If I rob a bank, I don't think the judge will be any less lenient if I say that I only robbed the bank because I think it is great.

Your words: "Imitation is the sincerest form of flattery that mediocrity can pay to greatness".

My comment: There is unfortunately a big difference between imitation and theft in German jurisprudence.

Your words: Perhaps -- for now -- it's mere mediocrity. But we all start in Kindergarten, then Grade school, College for many, then a few achieve true inspiration putting it all together. But none get there without the steps in between, and by watching and learning from others along the way.

My comment: As a child, I learned not to steal things that do not belong to you. I believe CogAlpha has received these values as well.

Your words: "Copyright law generally protects the specific expression (the actual code) rather than the underlying concepts, mathematical formulas, or trading logic that the indicator represents." ... Seems to be a reasonable and fair interpretation to me.

My comment: Unfortunately, your interpretation within the criminal procedure code is wrong. I have already clearly cited German jurisprudence on this. The problem in today's society is trivialization. A thief is not a thief, but a specialist in spontaneous property transfer. No, this is a criminal offense that is punishable in Germany with up to 3 years in prison. And this is not a trivial offense. I politely asked CogAlpha not to copy my indicator, and he insisted on justifying his theft. Nothing much has happened so far and I have not really started to fight back. CogAlpha is now free to choose what he does. He has already been banned several times from Tradingview, and in the event of a copyright infringement, his account is gone forever.

My quote to close with is: If you play with fire, you will die in it. I don't want to put any obstacles in CogAlpha's way, and I will leave him alone if he abides by the law. We will see if he takes this opportunity.

--- 帖子 #2045 ---
Call them out, call them out - They have "borrowed" the DTosc/StochRSI which is decades old, whenever I see anything being "rebranded" I make sure I post about the original - they don't like it, but at least its evidence - there will always be people like that, which is why I will never publish how I trade


===== 附件下载链接 =====

Bionics Equilibrium-Modified.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2622300?d=1515168445
marketprofile_trendlines.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2635395?d=1516097873
Sessions_v2_2.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2649729?d=1516966655
Sessions_v2_2.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2649731?d=1516966669
Open Levels Historical.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2649812?d=1516970124
!TPO.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2650970?d=1517060570
!TPO.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2650972?d=1517060580
!TPO-Range.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2650974?d=1517060598
!TPO-Range.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2650977?d=1517060609
Momentum Candles v1.01.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2652412?d=1517220941
Momentum Candles v1.01.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2652413?d=1517220952
TicksSeparateVolume.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2652414?d=1517220961
TicksSeparateVolume.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2652417?d=1517220972
+RS_GROUP_EUR V1.2.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2652897?d=1517239821
+RS_GROUP_USD V1.2.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2652899?d=1517239829
SupportResistance (3).ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2657429?d=1517479200
Sessions_v2_2.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2657569?d=1517484996
TicksSeparateVolume.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2657572?d=1517485064
Momentum Candles v1.01.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2657574?d=1517485085
=MTF-Candlestick.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2657579?d=1517485268
!Level Sensor new.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2657581?d=1517485290
Multi-Chart-Sync-safe-button.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2657780?d=1517491987
M-Yearly.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2661282?d=1517750886
Dashboard indicator.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2672626?d=1518364220
Dashboard templates.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2672628?d=1518364230
Density Histogram.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2676833?d=1518609430
iMirror.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2685736?d=1519212936
FlexiChart.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2704370?d=1520339140
FlexiChart_2.0.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2704371?d=1520339146
IO_Utils.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2704372?d=1520339150
OffLine.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2704373?d=1520339157
Momentum Candles v1.01.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2725880?d=1521534953
Indicators and template.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2748753?d=1522938255
Momentum Candles_ATR v1.02.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2761907?d=1523857625
Indicators.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2844689?d=1528565618
movingaverage_mtf.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2931503?d=1533644762
movingaverage_mtf.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2931505?d=1533644763
All time frame averages 1.4 (1).ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2931501?d=1533644761
Momentum Candles v1.01.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2999875?d=1537348371
Momentum Candles v1.01.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2999877?d=1537348371
Daily Zone.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2999898?d=1537348862
AddZZLegRange.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3011399?d=1537984080
smZigZag-Bionics_v3.1.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3014751?d=1538128854
smZigZag-BionicsOsc_v1.2.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3014752?d=1538128854
smZigZag-Bionics_v3.2.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3017245?d=1538375082
smZigZag-BionicsOsc_v1.21.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3017247?d=1538375086
smZigZag-Bionics_v3.3.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3023870?d=1538653135
smZigZag-BionicsOsc_v1.3.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3023871?d=1538653136
smBionicChart-Histogram_v1.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3027831?d=1538913156
FlexiChart_2.0.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3027843?d=1538913738
IO_Utils.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3027844?d=1538913739
OffLine.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3027848?d=1538913739
FlexiChart (1).pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3027840?d=1538913738
Momentum Candles v1.01.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3027847?d=1538913739
Density Histogram.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3027839?d=1538913736
Bionic Dashboard.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3049507?d=1539965645
Density_Histogram_Red_Green.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3053279?d=1540275155
Bionic.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3063176?d=1540838675
Profile Bionic  Dashboard II.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3066037?d=1540985275
Density_Histogram_Red_Green.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3066038?d=1540985282
Bionic 5 Sec Chart.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3070770?d=1541171690
Bionic Dashboard strength.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3071652?d=1541265719
RS_GROUP_USD V1.2.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3071653?d=1541265727
Bionic Project 3.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3075002?d=1541502713
MT4 Shortcuts.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3079292?d=1541678613
Bionic High Low.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3104462?d=1543070080
Indicators supply demand.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3119913?d=1544010090
Toggle borders.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3120989?d=1544041907
Overview of supply demand.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3124344?d=1544204593
Overview bionic chart with supply and demand.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3125095?d=1544293646
Bionic.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3158927?d=1547055353
Bionic Indicators.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3259634?d=1552224030
Bionic Indikators.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3261290?d=1552314187
Density_Histogram_ bionic chart.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3293594?d=1553947081
New Bionic Power without Doji 1.2.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3308382?d=1554831622
Price Linear.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3308383?d=1554831622
New Bionic Power without Doji & Pullback 1.2.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3318953?d=1555695685
Bionik balance sheet .ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3334904?d=1557663219
Bionic Bull Bear Average Candle 1.2.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3345776?d=1558871662
Bionic Bull Bear Overview 1.3.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3348006?d=1559114926
Bionic percentage balance indicator 1.2.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3351320?d=1559474051
Bionic Bull Bear Overview Percent 1.4.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3353285?d=1559664415
Bionic Bull Bear Overview Percent  BAR1.4.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3353286?d=1559664428
Boiniccandle survey Indicator 2.0.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3356166?d=1559926520
averagevalue.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3367388?d=1561104918
candle-body-size-bionicchart.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3368403?d=1561222681
Bionic Bull Bear Average Candle 1.3.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3369014?d=1561353091
Toggle borders.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3370042?d=1561444773
AAA Bionic Power x Candle 1.3.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3379751?d=1562498063
heiken ashi_swalert.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3391111?d=1563625705
Toggle borders.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3391112?d=1563625705
Traderplan.xlsx: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3404651?d=1565014604
Blubbb_Ticks.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3415333?d=1565961103
Volume-Price Indicator.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3417621?d=1566279358
Bionic Bid-Ask-Indicator.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3421135?d=1566568548
Bionic Bid& Ask Total 1 Level.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3421794?d=1566646172
Bionic Bid& Ask Total 2 Level.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3421795?d=1566646172
psychology-of-the-stock-market-by-g-c-selden.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3453947?d=1569973134
Bid-Ask Indicator.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3454771?d=1570037041
BionicChart.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3457164?d=1570280656
BionicChartStrongCandle.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3457165?d=1570280670
Bionic Bid & Ask Total 2 Level.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3457166?d=1570280684
MA_in_Color.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3457167?d=1570280702
ZigZag Easy 1.2.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3457168?d=1570280714
Momentum Candles.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3457169?d=1570280734
Price Display nmc.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3457170?d=1570280753
Bionic Template.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3457171?d=1570280941
MADdash.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3463009?d=1570898722
CCFp.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3463010?d=1570898734
+RS_GROUP_EUR V1.2.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3463011?d=1570898743
+RS_GROUP_USD V1.2.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3463012?d=1570898754
EURUSD 13.10.2019.xlsx: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3463225?d=1570972002
Bionic Time is money EURUSD Daily.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3473568?d=1571992779
Bionic Time is money EURUSD all times.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3473567?d=1571992779
Bionic Time is money EURUSD all times Small.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3473566?d=1571992779
Bionic Time is money High Low.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3474363?d=1572110849
Bionic Time is money EURUSD all times Small.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3474362?d=1572110849
Bionic Time is money EURUSD all times Big.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3474361?d=1572110848
ZigZag Easy 1.2.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3485793?d=1573332338
Zig-Zag Easy 1.2.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3491932?d=1574103337
ZigZag-Zone Bionics_v4.3.1.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3509139?d=1576164661
kumo implied volatility smoothed.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3518218?d=1577686376
BetterVolumeTicks_ alerts  + text.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3518219?d=1577686414
Minions.BetterVolume.mq5: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3518464?d=1577718665
Indicators project 9.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3531381?d=1579246931
Volatility Alarm_1.1.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3544830?d=1580751982
MA Squize MA Ed nmc nmc.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3544834?d=1580752110
ZigZag_Fractal_up_dn.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3546874?d=1580927618
atr_value_indicator.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3556632?d=1582029970
bionic currency calculator.xlsx: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3556633?d=1582029985
Average Candle.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3580193?d=1584358606
Indicators Bionic short & long Trader.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3584175?d=1584685530
Indi Dashboard.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3636793?d=1589563055
Indi Stophunting.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3636794?d=1589563055
CME Iceberg Order Detection and Prediction.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3644290?d=1590222527
Hidden TP&SL (1).ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3651785?d=1591018048
Momentum Candles v1.01.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3801073?d=1606759758
BionicChart.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3801070?d=1606759758
BionicChartStrongCandle.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3801071?d=1606759758
AAA Bionic Power x Candle 1.3.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3801069?d=1606759757
Density_Histogram_ bionic chart.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3801072?d=1606759758
Verlust-Verrechnungs-Trading 2021.xlsx: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3837109?d=1610783163
Trading_Day_Average.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3851156?d=1612167354
Sound Indicator with tones.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3933814?d=1620449265
Moneymanagement Bionics.xlsx: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3963210?d=1623475217
Moneymanagement Bionics english.xlsx: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3963231?d=1623485146
RT_HourRanges Osc_v4.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3980995?d=1625441012
candlestick patterns in the forex market.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4161516?d=1646930848
EURUSD Yield Triangle.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/4223589?d=1655180756
