===== 帖子内容 =====

--- 帖子 #1 ---
Hello everyone.

I have been meaning to open up a new thread for a while.Although Its not the best time for me as I’m still busy with my day job, forex and helping my wife with her newly established company, I’ve decided to at least lauch this thread  as a respond to the p.m’s I’ve been getting lately from some members of forexfactory and improve it slowly by the time.

-------------------------------------------------------------

As some of you already know I was posting in Graeme’s great thread called “building euqity millipede” and I humbly but strongly advice traders to check out his thread as well as silent service method and james16 since i found them  very helpful and informative ones.

-------------------------------------------------------------

I will try to keep things very simple.Actually if they are not simple then its not tradeable.period.

K.I.S.S is probably one thing  you’ve heard most in Forex but I don’t think you heard a lot about  “how to K.I.S.S”

-------------------------------------------------------------
Some things you won’t see on my charts are:

indicators,moving averages,channels,unclear  s/r levels,repainting,illusion,delusion,teaching a life lesson through charts
what you will see are:

1.major lines along with their median lines

2.Fibonacci

3.Price action interpretation.

There is a lot of theory behind what i choose to use and what i not to choose..But I won’t go into details of this since I expect that to be revealed later on by the nature of my charts..

And one last thing before we move on is that I don’t trade for money but to be in that %5 of the traders that considered to be “succesful”.So everything I share here is free and will stay free.

But only thing I expect in return is respect to what I'm trying to do here.

So If you didn't like what you'd seen here then please find somewhere else that suits you more.

I'm just doing it for sharing.

Thank you all..

---------------------------------------------

I'll go straight to the charts but It will take me some time to figure out to put them all together..

I'll be posting one by one as I complete...

I'll be back with the charts.

p.slease be aware that any questions you are thinking to ask such as "how long you been trading this,whats your r/r is,whats the gain.....etc" won't help you to implement this approach into your trading style..

This has to be your own job to collect your own data..

My data or past performance has got nothing to do with yours in the future.

--- 帖子 #2 ---
Keep in mind that

YOUR MONEY VALUABLE AND CANNOT BE SPENT FOR NOTHING.

If you spending your money in "no man's land" that means you are wasting it.

wait and risk it for something big...

This chart is not empty.

--- 帖子 #3 ---
I'll focus on eurusd only for my charts but when I'm done with my explanation we can discuss more about other pairs as well...

These charts illustrate my interested zones for different purposes.

--- 帖子 #4 ---
What I'm doing is focusing on
1.major lines to open a new position
2.and median lines to add more position..

Focusing on the major lines more.

Its very easy to see what's happening there..

First example will be up soon.

--- 帖子 #5 ---
Time-frames I prefer are

Weekly for price interpretation and hindsight

(forget about the trend its all about price action)

4hr is secondary price action

5min is entry

----------------------

charts will continue

--- 帖子 #6 ---
So what we did in the first example is

We waited price to convince us about its direction on the major line..

Once we're biased that its heading down because of the shape and break of the weekly on 1.4000 level
Now we want to short on the retracement of our signal candle

We applied Fibonacci on the setup candle (weekly)

We dropped down to 4hr to observe a pullback and it happened and gave us a price action on 4hr chart.

Now we want to do the same thing on 4hr..

Again we applied our fib to catch a pullback to enter on 5min.

Here is the entry..

P.S:

I just noticed there should be another chart after this one..So before posting my other charts I'll create a new chart to keep the logical order..

--- 帖子 #7 ---
Stacking is same as entries on 5 min..

I just try to keep stacking in busy market times as there is more chance to run away from the entry level..

stacking example is on its way..

not done with this yet...

--- 帖子 #8 ---
same journey continuation of the last post with second 4hr signal in the same direction

--- 帖子 #9 ---
One side note...

I hurry to move my stop to b.e but never trail my stop

--- 帖子 #10 ---
second major line trade continues

--- 帖子 #11 ---
final chart covering the example ride...

I'll come back later with actual plan and trade on eurusd.and also more about other parts of the method

--- 帖子 #12 ---
brother i do like your approach, i will follow your thread. good on you mate, keep this going...it looks promising, for me educational

--- 帖子 #13 ---
thx mate.I will...

so I want you guys to check one of my posts I posted couple days ago when things looking short about eurusd to understand what currently happening on eu.
http://www.screencast.com/users/noma...5-55357092ef5a

and attached chart is how it looks now..What I did was not a fortune telling but trying to be prepared and understand what might be happening..

I created an alternative "long" story -eventhough I had a good looking short trade which was a free ride and over 150 pips up at the time as I witnessed that price started struggling to break median line 1.3500

--- 帖子 #14 ---
nomask,

I too like your approach.......pure Price Action trading in a simple & concise manner.  New traders would be wise to read & heed this thread.

Finally charts being posterd that can be read.....white background no doubt makes it easier to read the dialogue.

Thanks for sharing.

________________________

--- 帖子 #15 ---
thx ace..

Its just if things getting messier on a chart that means there is no trade opportunity..Real trades/opportunities are the ones "obvious"..

Here is next week's plan..

I'll recover the stuff I mentioned in the charts and posts so far in a separate post..

--- 帖子 #16 ---
here is How I'll keep my chart for the upcoming week.

--- 帖子 #17 ---
Excellent analysis. You kept everything quite simple without too many indicators.

--- 帖子 #18 ---
Excellent Analysis of the charts. Thank you for sharing your knowledge.

--- 帖子 #19 ---
Good Analysis, clean and simple too.

--- 帖子 #20 ---
Solid technical analysis and good R/R. Looks like you got a winning combo. Like the clean and simple charts too. Thanks for sharing.

--- 帖子 #21 ---
I want to follow along.

Thanks for the simple clarity.

Ron

--- 帖子 #22 ---
Thank you all..

Today (after finishing my other works) I'll try to go into little details that shaped my trading style through my experiments.

I also want to put my trading preparation in an order to make things easier follow but for a short definition I can say that I'm trying to trade "big guys'" levels ultimately with my 5 min chart..

when price on a big number only thing I know for sure is its going to be heading to next big number no matter which direction.

This simple information means at least 1.000 pips just staying in front of you.

Another thing is once you enter as per any entry system you use you must've entered because you thought it should be heading the direction you thought..

a.If price does what you expect but only when you use large stop such as placing your stop behind the s/r levels that cost you around 100 pips..

Then your timing is not good..

b.Price don't go the direction you expect and hit your large stop in shot time.

You had wrong interpretation of the market.

c.you entered and price just started moving in your direction without looking back or with tiny pullbacks.

c is our goal..It needs good interpretation and good timing..Thats all.

and I know everybody cool with weekly and 4hr charts but not 5min..Its not my favorite but Its impossible to make entries with tight stop without small timeframes.

and 5 min's another job is to keep us away from fake price actions which is very important.It even sometimes prevents us ranging market..

We'll talk more about them through charts..

I'll try to keep this thread visual as much as I can because I believe it worths thousand words..

See you then.

--- 帖子 #23 ---
Preparation/Analysis of a trade

1.Start with weekly and try to understand its story..

Here is a story of over a year period.(Past moves covered for clarity)
Move#1

It was a massive 3000 pip move and break through all the round number in the first attempt even when it exhausted at 1.2000 level
Move#2

It started with 3 bars pattern (very typical even the gap was there) at 1.2000 level which is a reversal sign and made another price action with pin-looking bar(but also an engulfing bar at the same time) on the median line of 1.2500 level..Median lines are important for some reasons..One of them is price usually shows intention where its heading further..In this case that made a convincing bar about its intention.

If you noticed I'm not talking about trend but the action.Yes It made a 3000 pip before but the fact is you will never know which move is a main move or a pullback until it ends.

There was no guarantee at the time that price would not come back to 1.2000 level when it first started raising up to the 1.2500 level..

Indeed never came back to the level of 1.2000.
Move#3

When move#2 ended by a bullish engulfing bar I thought that was a continuation of the down move but this time price was just testing %50 level of the move#3 with a pinbar.

Major lines and fib levels (38.2,50,61,8) used to define hindsight.

this time price obeyed the fib levels and continued to move up and made a second close above 1.3000 level winning the second fight.
Move#4

this move was  a typical hit one big number+pullback+hit the next big number move...
Move#5

This all started with a very nice looking pinbar at 1.4000 level and went down to the next big number.Notice the pinbar touched the 1.3000 level and came back resulting a bullish pinbar
Move#6

We were expecting another move up but price failed to breach the median line (remember they're key levels to grasp the intended direction thus making another pinbar but opposite this time signaling moving further down
Move#7

this move taught me the same fact again that you can never bu sure about the direction.When it made the close below 1.3000 level I was too sure about the down direction.But by the very first candle which was an engulfing candle It said for the second time"no I reject going lower than this level"..I'll name this candle for "rejection candle" and take this as a setup signal to analyse further
Move#8

This move made a close above the median line which is cool for longs but also a bearish pinbar at the 61.8% of the move#

Here is the real deal...

at this point you can hold your buy from the move#8 but also playing that candle for shorts just to be prepared for both side

Move#9

You might've had opposite directions alive until this candle but now This candle telling us "okay I found my support at 1.3500 level thats why I made a engulfing candle..I didnt engulf only one bearish but 3 of them at the same time..

So this is why I'm biased long for the next week...

You need reasons to enter a trade

1.a story that makes sense

2.a good setup on the weekly

3.good setup on 4hr

4.good entry on 5 min..

--- 帖子 #24 ---
looking forward to it Nomask...wat i'v done is the same on my eurusd chart, trying to understand the principles and methodology your good work. keep it going, looking forward to your next post.

sam

--- 帖子 #25 ---
thx Sam..

This will get clearer by the time and charts I promise..

One thing I can consider myself lucky is I was good at painting and math in school..art of trading is just painting and math...

and as you already know every paint has a different story behind it..

my favorite is Pieter Bruegel (I'm not a paint expert though)..Why is he?I found his works with lots of stories..when you look at his piece of works you feel watching a movie or reading a book..
http://www.ibiblio.org/wm/paint/auth/bruegel/death.jpg

He's insane..

Sorry about that.

I know I promised not to teach life lessons through charts but i think it doesn't count yet...

Back to the charts..

This is how i like to consider the zones "mainly"..there are sometimes exceptional but making exception is not very important next to planning the regular..

the key is yes planning a trade then trading the plan but with one more thing which is being prepared if things don't work out the way you expected

--- 帖子 #26 ---
How do you determine your lines ? Eg: median lines? do you based on whole numbers?

This way of trading is interesting but in another way its quite risky too as you judge based on your personal perception ?

--- 帖子 #27 ---
I wanted this statement in a seperate post as its very important.

Everything in this thread is my personal opinion and noone has to take them seriously but I believe
STAY AWAY FROM MOVING AVERAGES,INDICATORS BECAUSE THEY ARE KILLERS

Anything shows you future/potential by calculating past is totally ridiculous.

I don't put them on my charts even for fun...

I'll just do it for first and last time to give you and example..

there you go...

REMEMBER MOVING AVERAGES WILL MAKE YOU BLIND MOST OF THE TIME AND LATE ALL THE TIME.

--- 帖子 #28 ---
We enter our trades on 5min time-frame..

Although there is no fixed stop I use,usually its around 10 pips or less depending on my entry candle and setup.

If it stops moving after my entry I usually close it with small loss and wait until I believe it starts to move.
But all entries made at the close of the candle

Remember that you entering on 5 min but targeting >1000 pips

It may sound nonsense but I know its possible through myself.

No need to trail stops.Its a hit the big number or die at the break even issue..Sometimes this approach will save you from fake price actions as well as causing some frustrations reversing after couple hundred pips.

I'll show you my losing attempts upon new trades because of they are part of the process.

--- 帖子 #29 ---
Hi Nomask,

So Far I read your trading strategy VERY low risk and VERY high profit .

actually i'm a newbie inthis bussiness, so i just want to ask one thing about Fake Out, can you share your experience (through chart and sample if possible  ) about fake breakout in your trading strategi?

a website link would be nice too.

because for us newbie fake out is real killer.

thanks

--- 帖子 #30 ---
Hi nomask

I used to read all your posts on CW's thread always with interest and I am glad you started this thread explaining your excellent analysis.

The only part which I have a slight problem with is the 5 min entry, I understand its advantage of having very small stops; the drawback being also a lot of screen watch to get that pinpoint entry.

I wish you all the best and will follow your live analysis with great interest to become more familiar with the 5 min entry.

--- 帖子 #31 ---
thx Noer and welcome..

important question..

--- 帖子 #32 ---
Thx Howard..

I see what you pointing..

But believe me I don't have complex entry methods..

simple breakouts,double top/bottom,pinbar and engulfing candle..Actually you can even forget about the titles of the candles..Story behind it what I'm trading..

I'll give you some examples.Actually The next post I was going to post will be an answer to you too..

I believe in that trading less pair is part of K.I.S.S...

No need to try catching every move on every pair..

As I said earlier in this thread..

My money is valuable and I want to spend it on something worthy..

in my case its eurusd..

Trading one pair is enough unless it stops giving you clue about its direction for long time.

--- 帖子 #33 ---
Continuing of my last charts

--- 帖子 #34 ---
Great trading aproach. You finished a good school, I mean Gream and took probably some of the best of it and in a simpliest form, making it your own.

I see it very usefull for myself. Thanks and good luck.

--- 帖子 #35 ---
thx saint.nice to hear that

as i said everything i pointed so far will get even clearer by more charts,examples

--- 帖子 #36 ---
thanks sir for this great way to trade

--- 帖子 #37 ---
Thx alot free..call me nomask pls..I like that nickname

things look juicy on another pair eventhough I never get the chance of trade it enough.Im talking about usdchf.

What I am showing here can be applied any currency pair, any type of market..In fact It must be If its a valid trading method.

Because those numbers very related to human psychology and luckily every maket has only human traders.

Those numbers and the fact that they can be traded in a very profitable way will remain same as long as only humans keep trading markets.

and also the rounder the number the more attention it gets..

for this reason

1.0000 is stronger than 1.1000

so is 1.1000 than 1.1500..................

--- 帖子 #38 ---
hai nomask,

thanks for sharing your experience,

after i ask the question and look for your answer over and over and over again, i find your method is looking for some thing big and zoom it and looking for similar pattern and zoom it again to make an action.

weekly breakout >> zoom H4 for confirm >> zoom 5M again for action. am i missing something here?

its like think globally act locally idea.

i will try your trading strategy from now, hope you dont mind if i have some question about problem that i've with it. i'm greatly thanks for sharing its with us .

regards,

--- 帖子 #39 ---
Cool thread.  Here is a 4h I am in on.

--- 帖子 #40 ---
Another...

--- 帖子 #41 ---
hi again noer...any questions are welcome..

i like the "think globally act locally idea"

and yes you want to get weekly and 4hr price actions aligned in the same direction and then proceed in 5min to risk small amount of pips for something huge compared to risked pips..

--- 帖子 #42 ---
thanks knucklehead.

I set my targets on my weekly chart and honestly my initial target for eurusd is 1.5000 unless it plays otherwise around 1.4000 level

--- 帖子 #43 ---
Hello Nomask,

It is nice to see you with your own thread. Please keep them coming..I will be very eager to learn from you. I have been reading your posts in other threads (As mentioned by you) and really like your explanations and the way you plan your trade.

Good luck again..

--- 帖子 #44 ---
thanks maaj..always nice to see you around..

--- 帖子 #45 ---
good method... tank you

--- 帖子 #46 ---
Hi nomask,

Just to be clear, in your post 33, you put your fibs on this H4 candle because of the pin?

[IMG]http://s4.postimage.org/13uceugv8/nom.jpg[/IMG]

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

I've never really watched weekly to get a bias for the day/week but now I see that weekly + PA + major lines = bias and target

I such a big fan of pipeasy's work, this consolidated thread by you of his ideas are really the biz!  IF I can control myself, I think it will be soon when I get those 1000 pips moves  Thank you very much!

--- 帖子 #47 ---
Thank you all for your nice words...

answering the question:

Yes I put the fib on the candle you mentioned but also to the very next candle in order to cover different timezones in terms of candle setup..

The reason for this is to show you that sometimes price will make its action while you're asleep but then it makes another price action in the same direction (next bar was a bullish engulfing bar that engulfed the pinbar) you can still get in the trade because of the new setup that happened in your trading time.

--- 帖子 #48 ---
Update on eurusd..

This is what I thought when the last was ending..
http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...9&postcount=15

nothing happened to change above ideas...

This is how i was going to keep my chart for this week
http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...1&postcount=16

and the attached is how I see now..

--------------

I keep my money in my pocket and spend very small amount risking very tiny pips and targeting something huge..

It won't happen often I know but It's still worth that..

About risked capital each entry I make equals (my past data shows that) to % 0.2 (not %2) of my capital...

to make things easier to understand thats being 1 standard lot for a 50k account...Some may find it too conservative but I personally don't think so..

When I made my first 1000+ pips that put almost %20 of my initial capital on top...

--- 帖子 #49 ---
Hai every one,

This is Eur Aud Chart. I write my personal view on it, please share your opinion about this.

thank you

regards,

--- 帖子 #50 ---
Hello noer I'll check that pair and come back later but here is update of eu that I was just posting...

--- 帖子 #51 ---
hello nomask

i have one question about TP.....do you put it or just leave tread without TP, like greame do?

tnx

--- 帖子 #52 ---
Hi nomask

Thanks for your sharing.

I am not sure if I get what you mean, in the weekly chart attached, do we start to look for entry after the candle closes?

Cheers,

Simon

--- 帖子 #53 ---
Since I use very visual tight stops, I need to take spread rates into consideration as I'm willing to pay 5-15 pips per trade.So I don't like trading exotic pairs with larger than 2pip-spread.

But any pair still good to do some training about the method..

--- 帖子 #54 ---
Everything we do is at the close of a candle....

A candle (weekly or 4hr) can not be considered as a signal candle unless its fully formed/completed..

again we make our entries at the close of the 5min candle..no need for pending orders

Attached chart should explain it better.

--- 帖子 #55 ---
thanks nomask for detail analysis

for now i will look sample chart from your post, i'm still confusing drawing fibo, and when look at the entry @ 5M price crosing again and again from major line make me not knowing when to act. for now i will look closely with your trading strategy.

thanks for fast reply

regards,

--- 帖子 #56 ---
apply the fib on the setup candles only..

if you got the price action on weekly and you want to go in 4hr then put the fib on weekly setup candle then drop down to 4hr..when you get your signal on 4hr do the same but this time put it on 4hr candle and then drop down to 5 min..and enter on 5min upon a price action..

you just keep narrowing the timeframes by dropping down...

--- 帖子 #57 ---
excellent thread, precise and clear, hope to follow it more. As for the EU weekly chart i see your last trade idea (as shown on WKLY chart) and understand it bounced off a trendline and the rest 4H-5M entry. but as of now i see the EU is hitting a weekly upper trendline and has tried to break it 3-4 times and unable to, most bounces show that a trend reversal is on the way and the up trend should go back down (if not breaks this UTL), this is also on the 4H chart where it has bounced off the UTL very recently. I would therefore favour a down trend according to both weekly and 4H trends, can you explain how using ur method, esp using Fibs which am not too hot on and then the 5M timeframe i would look for either a BUY or SELL entry ie: criteria?? in my view if it breaks 1.3750 concisely is a BUY, if breaks 1.3625 is a SELL? many thanks in advance

--- 帖子 #58 ---
hi ghost..thank you for your input..

First of all I make hindsight only to be able to make some low risk entries..

I am not worried whether I'm right or wrong with my hindsight..

like now I have a long position on eurusd that I took last week (its up to over 100 pips  and its at b.e now.So I have two possible scenario.

1. it dies at breakeven

2.it goes to 1.4000 or even 1.5000 level making me couple thousand pips

---------

I enter my position at my best and move it to break even after moving in  my favor (preferably >30 pips).

This is all I'm trying to achieve and rest is just a tool to achieve this goal.

One can use trend lines while others use fibs or round numbers.

I try to use less relative tools such as round numbers,single candle actions,even fib levels are relative but only reason I use them is they are  very popular and used by so many traders around the world..

But I still keep it as simple as it is by putting it on the latest swing keeping limited with only 38.2,50 and 61.8 fibs being most popular fib numbers..

--- 帖子 #59 ---
example of Fibonacci to spot a price action.

--- 帖子 #60 ---
Wrap up of the day..

See you guys later..

--- 帖子 #61 ---
My long position from last week died at break.No big deal.

This morning I had a good looking pinbar on 4hr and tried to enter long but didn't have chance to do so..This is one of the times that patience and good entry skills/rules saved me from a wrong timing at least (we don't know yet if I am wrong with the direction too until this week is over)...

Charts attached..

--- 帖子 #62 ---
keep going nomask, bit by bit i understand your strategy, thank you

ps : im aplogize for my bad english because english is not my mother languange.

regards,

--- 帖子 #63 ---
your welcome noer...

This is a very simple strategy with very low risk for huge reward..

It also keeps you away from over-trading and making sloppy entries.

Charts that I'll be posting by the time will make things clearer because I'll be doing only "wash&rinse" every time..

--- 帖子 #64 ---
hi nomask,

i have bought since it rejected from 61.8 fib on 4h,is it ok?,see my chart please,comments welcome!,thanks!

--- 帖子 #65 ---
Hi sam..

I want to buy this pair too but I still need a completed 4hr price action..

I noticed that wicks of the 4hr candle rejected at 61.8 fib level but no pinbar nor any price action yet..

Its little early to say something..

It may work out though

p.s:and I suggest everyone to master on a method with regular rules then you can of course make some exceptions once you mastered on it

--- 帖子 #66 ---
Good Morning

Simple and very powerful

--- 帖子 #67 ---
Thanks howard

here is an update as my 4hr candle ending soon...

p.s:time differences in terms of candle signals make no difference in the long run..

--- 帖子 #68 ---
Is it time to seek long on 5M chart now?

--- 帖子 #69 ---
I'm trying not to make this as a live call thread since It may cause trouble for some traders but to give an example.

Yes Its time to watch 5 min

--- 帖子 #70 ---
5 min chart attached..

--- 帖子 #71 ---
hi,

My broker 4h candle will close in a hour (45 min exactly). Shall I wait for it's close?

BaliuxXx

--- 帖子 #72 ---
Its just sometimes your platform will give you a signal earlier than mine but sometimes mine will be earlier..

My real account with an u.s broker but I live in European zone thats why I base my trades on a demo fxdd-malta time zone which uses European timezone..

Its all up to you but its better to use a platform which has a timezone that suits you..

Edit:I tried both my live account broker and fxdd-malta...I decided on fxdd-malta since It works better in my timezone

--- 帖子 #73 ---
Very interesting thread, Nomask, thanks! Very keen to follow what PA you like to see for the 5min entry...entries around inner fibs have alluded me so far, a 123 break from here (EU) would probably be my signal to get on board..edit which has just triggered.

--- 帖子 #74 ---
Here is my entry..

I won't give out live calls this is just for an example..

--- 帖子 #75 ---
thanks side..

here is an update..

--- 帖子 #76 ---
Thanks for sharing this....there are very few threads where the author offers a glimpse of realtime entries....i wonder why  You're one of the few real-dealers here. Completely appreciate your sentiments re thread not becoming live though.

--- 帖子 #77 ---
Chart talks for itself..I'm off  for lunch..

see you guys later

--- 帖子 #78 ---
Tentoerun owes me 6 pips because I got late with my entry when I was writing to him..

just kidding

Here is my live trade

--- 帖子 #79 ---
hey people, look at that!

--- 帖子 #80 ---
Nice Call nomask i didnt trade it, i see it but i doubt it a bullish engulfing because it so many type of bullish engulfing. so i decide to trade when price closed at 100% fib, when it pass 100% fib it already 20-30 pips high and it not closed yet so i decide to let it go, and because of lot of lost i suffer i think what the hell, i'll get another chance.i dont regret it though because i learn how to pick entry. cant stop saying thank you

PS : Forgot to say congratulation all

--- 帖子 #81 ---
Sorry...

--- 帖子 #82 ---
Beautiful thread, great idea, clear charts....

I am subscribed !

____________

michael

--- 帖子 #83 ---
Hi nomask

If the 4H pinbar closes below Fib61.8, do you still consider it a valid setup candle?

Thank you,

Simon

--- 帖子 #84 ---
Hai simon,

can you attach weekly analysis and major line of AU ?

edit : thanks for attaching weekly and major line

--- 帖子 #85 ---
Sorry for the delay.I'm still in my lunch break..

I'll answer the msg's one by one but it'll take sometime..

stay tuned.

--- 帖子 #86 ---
this is how look the 4h chart, when my broker is one hour later than yours.

Very big 4h candle, which I don't like, but it's still valid, yes?

--- 帖子 #87 ---
hai nomask, can you help me with GU..

--- 帖子 #88 ---
Hi Sam..

your entry gives me an opportunity to explain a very important thing which is timing vs. location...

I'm glad that your entry turned out well.But I'd like to explain what you missed in your entry.

a.4hr confirmation

b.Timing

a.4 hr confirmation is something you should've waited..Because its not efficient to trade between weekly and 5min timeframes without a transition timeframe which is being 4hr in this method..

Because of the big time gap between weekly and 5 min you are easily exposed to any sudden retracement or retests..

I used to trade  Monthly and 5min timeframe too but since the gap was huge I often found that myself trying to travel between continents with no stop over..Finally I came to a conclusion that I needed one more timeframe to make this travel easier and more smooth..

b.Timing is not of course in your hands but when your timing and direction are both right ,price doesn't look back like it did not in my entry..

But in your entry it made ups and downs for a while..
Best entry is the entry that runs away from your stop loss right after you entered..

I use tight stop because I expect my entry to be a perfect or at least good entry..If its not moving in my direction that means my direction or my timing is wrong or sometimes both are wrong..

Hope this explanation helps you why I waited to get a complete 4hr candle instead of rushing on 5min without a confirmation...
Learning a lesson from a losing trade something easy but learning a lesson when you're winning is the key.

--- 帖子 #89 ---
Exactly...never regret for anything in forex..

I hesitated to take that setup too as I stated on my chart saying it was not perfect looking price action..But nothing perfect in forex..

The only reason I took it because I knew I was risking only 5-7 pips for something huge..

Congratulations to the market

It worked in my way even though It did not have to..

--- 帖子 #90 ---
Thanks msmarple..welcome

--- 帖子 #91 ---
Ahh..I really don't like it to close below it..Its considered as a weakness of the move..

I'd be more cautious when looking for a long entry with that setup on 5 min..

Because the pinbar is shaped nicely.location is not perfect but still might be considered to look what its got in its 5min timeframe.

--- 帖子 #92 ---
[quote=nomask;4418983]Hi Sam..
Best entry is the entry that runs away from your stop loss right after you entered..

thank you very much nomask,

i will do my best to learn from you!!

in this case i combined a little with "my own method",so its not pure "trading major lines",sorry for that,i will do it pure infuture!

thanks!

--- 帖子 #93 ---
I guess If I can see your 4h chart I can answer that question better.

--- 帖子 #94 ---
According to your weekly..should be biased long with that pair.and yes if it does make an bullish engulfing candle you can think of it as a setup candle

--- 帖子 #95 ---
[quote=sam69;4419017]
No need for that Sam as long as you have a method..You don't have to follow anybody's method exactly..Its all good as long as it works out for you..

just use my,his,her,their methods to develop your own method depending on what you're good at and what you're bad...

talking for myself..

I was good at entries but bad for controlling myself not to overtrade..

Thats why I focused on major lines..not to over trade..

--- 帖子 #96 ---
Update...

Looks beautiful for now..

--- 帖子 #97 ---
Once your entry started working out you can add more positions upon simple but convincing price actions on 5min..

--- 帖子 #98 ---
looks like

--- 帖子 #99 ---
this is a excellent way to add more... btw. its similar to my method,see how my sl looks like now...

--- 帖子 #100 ---
looks valid setup..(pin-ish bullish engulfing candle)

--- 帖子 #101 ---
second position should be moved to b.e after moving around 20-25 pips in the direction..

so you now might have two positions both locked at break even..

Another thing about the method is I try to slow down to open a new position or in this case to add more position when 4 hr candle is ending soon..

The reason for that is that there is usually a pullback at the beginning of a new 4hr candle.

We don't want to deal with pullbacks when we open/add a trade..

Pullbacks should be already passed by the time we make our entry

--- 帖子 #102 ---
explaining last post with charts..

--- 帖子 #103 ---
Nomask, wonderful great trading plan. Been following for a few days now and like what I see.

Just one thing I missed on the last e/u trade. I waited for the candle on 4hr to close at 1.35473 which was bearish, so had to wait for a bullish candle, this had a move of over 140 pips. On this candle I placed my fib, went down 15 min chart to wait for entry, this had a breakout of the high. Now I'm in the trade with stop 1.3664. Is this right or should I have taken the bearish candle close as it did have a bit of a shadow but not a pinbar on my chart

--- 帖子 #104 ---
Well that been a long 140 pip bar did have me stopped out on pullback just like you said on last post.  So would I now wait for another entry?

--- 帖子 #105 ---
...sl hit (130 pips),fib drawn on last 4h candle and waiting for pullback...

--- 帖子 #106 ---
so far eurusd has been so good to me today...

Wheneever I said  something about the method ,It played exactly what I said..

This chart clarifies my last two posts better...

--- 帖子 #107 ---
I never trail my stop...

In the long run it cost more than just letting them die at break even..

--- 帖子 #108 ---
answering furthermore..

--- 帖子 #109 ---
ok,got it

--- 帖子 #110 ---
i hope you dont get bored with my question

--- 帖子 #111 ---
Hello nomask.

Always liked your clean charts from millipede thread. Congratulations on your new thread.

Just wanted to clarify for my understanding.

The chart in post 70: is the fib drawn on a completed 4 hr candle? May be my brokers bar times are different.

Thanks and best of luck

TradeStar

--- 帖子 #112 ---
Hello tradestar..nice to see you around...

its fib of the last 4hr candle you can see on the post 67...
http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...8&postcount=67

--- 帖子 #113 ---
one losing attempt...

cut the losses short..

first long is still on..

--- 帖子 #114 ---
Nice entry Sam, I got in at 3560 but yours is so cool!

-----

I've been used to 90-100 pip targets in the past, it's SOOOO really tough not closing out this baby

Nomask, any logical way to move stop to BE or do you just do it when there is a move of 30 pips in your favour?

--- 帖子 #115 ---
It depends on the setup..

I try to move it based on a reason but sometimes I just move it to b.e after 20-30 pips...

because even after  coming back and hunting my position at break even it usually gives me another setup if the price still wants to move in my direction.

--- 帖子 #116 ---
Thanks.

I recognized which 4 hr candle you were drawing the fib. But I still think it was not drawn on the complete range of that 4 hr candle.

When I did, the PA happened at 68% level.

Anyway, didn't mean to bug you with the same stuff.

Thanks again

TradeStar

--- 帖子 #117 ---
stop placement of this entry...

--- 帖子 #118 ---
The charts I'm posting are from fxdd-malta timezone which is a gmt+2 timezoned broker..same with my local time.

--- 帖子 #119 ---
thanks pippin,my entry was a little risky,but i use very tight sl,usually 10 pips...

--- 帖子 #120 ---
to me it would be a Bullish outside bar.

--- 帖子 #121 ---
engulfing or outside they both work the same way stressing the power in the direction..

could be taken as a setup candle which I did but nothing worked so far for this candle.

some just ignore the wicks when defining an engulfing candle..What matters is engulfing the previous candles body.

--- 帖子 #122 ---
Thank you everybody for your contributions and nice words..

Here is a wrap up for today.

We had 6 trades today.

3 losing trades total 16 pips stop +commission(0.8 pip/trade)

1 trade died at break even

2 trades still on with total unrealized 120 pips profit.

----------------

attached are the positions.

--- 帖子 #123 ---
Great thread nomask.  I'm subscribed.  Your method saved me a pant load on GBP/USD.  There was a nice bullish 4 hour candle close so I drilled down to 5 minute for entry.  Price plummeted and kept me out of the trade.

--- 帖子 #124 ---
Thank you Winston...

That's another benefit of entering on 5min after a 4hr price action..

1)  5 min gives you low risk entry

2)  and sometimes saves you from fake 4hr price actions like your case.

--- 帖子 #125 ---
Nomask, Your input as a trader is absolutly right on spot, when it comes to trading with the direction of the bigger time frame.

The only observation that I would like to offer is that all is well as long as the dollar index supports the big picture. And that perspective might be changing as of now...

--- 帖子 #126 ---
nomask, I love this method. It's very simple, but very powerful. Count me in! God bless you.

--- 帖子 #127 ---
As you already know one thing for sure in forex is that anythingis possible anytime.all I can do is take trades with low risk,move them to b.e and let the market kill them or make them big profits

So today I did my job .After this point its market's job

--- 帖子 #128 ---
And I also know that very few of my attemps will make it to the end.but totally worth that

--- 帖子 #129 ---
Wonderful thread and presentation, and really interesting following your progress throughout the day, great stuff

--- 帖子 #130 ---
Weekly hindsight... where have I heard that before?

--- 帖子 #131 ---
Here is one of my trades using this method. It's gbpusd. Nomask, I think I have the correct analysis. Please correct me if I'm wrong. I'm currently at break even and 28 pips in profit.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Currently in profit
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #132 ---
Well said nomask, by all means just keep showering us with such wisdom...

--- 帖子 #133 ---
I'm in this trade too but I got in at close of the 4 hour candle after that big pin bar.

--- 帖子 #134 ---
Nomask:

Can we get a template?  PLEASE!

--- 帖子 #135 ---
In case a) your direction was wrong.  Using large stops is "hoping".

--- 帖子 #136 ---
hello nomask,

congratulations is in order for a great thread.

thank you for starting this thread, i enjoy your charts and your concise notes very much and is invaluable to me or anyone who wants to kiss.

it is kinda ironic after years of trading/coding custom indicators, I came back full circle to a naked chart (almost), just as when i opened up my first stock chart (naked). and it makes the most sense to me and offered me the freedom i searched for when i decided to learn how to trade in the first place by kiss.

i am really grateful to have tro, pipeasy and you to guide and teach me about trading, each offering a different yet important concept in trading, and i am really lucky to have read each of the threads in that order. hopefully, this thread will flourish and then the admins should put millipede, silent method, no brain and this thread in its own subforum as the four horseman of ff.

thank you very much for putting the effort/time in opening/maintaining this thread. eagerly awaiting the future charts ^.^

edit: why is it when i look at Pieter Bruegel's paintings, i imagine wall street in 16th century

--- 帖子 #137 ---
Good morning everyone..

I'll answer the msg's shortly after I finish some work and checking my charts.

--- 帖子 #138 ---
Thanks lgtj..Welcome

God bless you too.

Thank you spacepip..Nice to hear that

That should be a common saying.

--- 帖子 #139 ---
nice trade...

As long as you knew that 4hr pinbar was not in a very good shape..That doesn't mean can not be tradeable..It just requires extra caution when the price action not the best..

Congratulations.

--- 帖子 #140 ---
Template attached..

and also candle timer that embedded in the template.

--- 帖子 #141 ---
well said..Large stop is totally "hoping" and most of the time you'll end up wasting your money because of large stops..

I found making 10 trades with 10 pips at a important level with aligned price actions in different time frames and good timing is thousand times better than entering one trade with 100 pips stop loss

--- 帖子 #142 ---
Thanks Wang..Its been always nice to see you around..

I totally agree with all you said above..

The key is that less relevant the tool you use is the more powerful...

Major Lines not relevant at all but moving averages,indicators are..

Some set 10 ema while other setting 200sma..They wait price to close above/below them so they get signals in different times and start trading irrelevant.

As everybody in this business I too used loads of indicators..Finally I came back to naked charts as well..

But I think the reason behind this is also about market behavior that has changed significantly in last three years comparing to the period of 2000-2008...

Now its less trendy but more volatile.

the threads you mentioned (except mine) are very informative and eye opening ones I strongly advice them to anybody serious in this business.

They have better methods/mentoring in those free threads than any paid mentoring services around.Thats my opinion..

about that 16th century wall street I guess you right
http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedi...ffee_house.jpg

weird..!

still love Bruegel's works though..

--- 帖子 #143 ---
update for today along with a new explanation will be available shortly..

Good trading to all.

--- 帖子 #144 ---
Great thread nomask!

I always liked the idea Graeme gave as, and I've followed it for quite some time. But then I got lost trying to follow too many pairs. Now it's time to start all over again, little by little. Thank you for your thread.

Here are my positions. One from yesterday morning @ 1.3563 and two this morning, on M5 chart. First was on rejection of 50% Fibo on 0-4 4H candle, second on rejection of 61.8% Fibo on previous 4-8 4H candle.

--- 帖子 #145 ---
If you remember my early charts I mentioned about some zones (If you don't they are still there you can check them )

opening a new position zone

adding zone

watching zone

-----------------

Now we are in a watching zone as I believe (scientifically a fact) any position we open now has a lower chance to reach to the next major line up than a position supposignly opened in a "opening a new position zone"...

and also it has lower "possible" risk/reward ratio..

So what does this mean..

That means being not eager to open another position unless there is a really good opportunity

So in this zone everything should be very convincing..

Price action,movement,timing they all have to convince me to risk my money in watching zone..

and this is of course relevant but I like to treat the market sometimes conservative and sometimes aggressive upon change of risk,possibility to reach target,location,time,price action...

We are IMHO in my watching=conservative zone...

If a setup occurs here and I miss it by being extra cautious, Its totally fine. I need to manage,categorize my risks and I know I can't catch the every single setup.

This zone part of the method is more about personnel taste..

You don't even have to go in such details.

--- 帖子 #146 ---
Thanks a lot eufonia

I understood first two positions you opened and I can guess the reason behind them but the last position (3rd) you opened seemed little bit rush to me..

I did not open any trade yet as my platform did not give me any price action to observe..

only position on is the first one opened yesterday

But whatever happens I'll be more cautious than opening a new position.

--- 帖子 #147 ---
I forgot to add this in my last post..

whenever you try a method I suggest you to focus on only one decent currency pair that has nice move with lower spread (its eu in my case)

focus on one entry method until you get mastered on it..

I mean keep things very clear,simple and easy to understand at the beginning then you can go more into details and put your own approach..

--- 帖子 #148 ---
I don't like putting trend lines on my charts as they can easily get out of control but here at most how I use them..

just to understand what price respected in the past on the weekly chart...

and also to see if there is any confluence with major lines and fib levels.
but whenever you feel things getting complicated and more confused on your chart just get rid of what you added recently.

here is beauty of simplicity.

--- 帖子 #149 ---
You're right. It was a little rush, tryin' to catch possible up momentum for London open, after the break of 1.3700. This third position died at BE. And I'm in observing mode now.

Thank you again!

--- 帖子 #150 ---
KISS is the only way to go  .So this is it.

Hi nomask and all,

when one gets stopped out, the process starts again from the close of the 4hr bar, which must be bullish, yes? This in the weekly direction, yes?

Thanks for the great work

--- 帖子 #151 ---
I am completely agree with wangyue22. I am learning so much from both PipEasy and Nomask. I appreciate their work. I know how much time, energy, resources these guys are putting in here to make us understand.

Thanks again, I still need to catch up this thread (I admit that i am a slow learner).

--- 帖子 #152 ---
Thank you maaj.

Happy to hear that.

--- 帖子 #153 ---
So, the watching zone will  become new position opening zone towards the other direction,, depending on the Price action....

--- 帖子 #154 ---
my 4 hr ending in 2 minutes forming a "possible" pinbar at double top..

Although I trade through my hindsight I test counter trading if I get a "good looking" opposite signal to my hindsight..

and I become very picky when I'm counter trading to my hindsight..

But even if my counter trade works I still keep my first trade..

--- 帖子 #155 ---
Yes.In the early charts I must've pointed that out.

--- 帖子 #156 ---
While my long position is still on I just entered short and tested the counter direction and closed it with 1.7 pips loss..

If it was a real counter trend then It should have been moving without looking back..It was not even able to break that minor resistance at first..

So I'm not in when market hesitating..It does not matter if it moves after I quit.

--- 帖子 #157 ---
Like your thinking on the counter trend setup...great discipline. If the next 4hr print looks bearish will you try the CT again, or is that it for the CT trade for you now?

--- 帖子 #158 ---
timing is extra important for a countertrade...

because of the price did not make an instant move after my entry in counter direction now I'm less eager to counter trade..

I always see counter trade as a side road of the method..main road is trading based on weekly hindsight..So better not using all the gas in side roads..

--- 帖子 #159 ---
and if you're not disciplined enough then there is no need for counter trade..you can still make enough pips without counter trade.

--- 帖子 #160 ---
giving an example what I'm looking for when I'm counter trading...

--- 帖子 #161 ---
Great example - thanks for digging it out. If only i'd had these lessons drilled into me years ago.

--- 帖子 #162 ---
thanks sidefx..

So as you guys can see on the attached chart..We paid 1.7 pips to find out that it was a fake 4hr price action (it was a 4hr pinbar according to my chart)

--- 帖子 #163 ---
I remember... pipEasy's thread.  You post there, too.

--- 帖子 #164 ---
yes I follow that thread too.

--- 帖子 #165 ---
http://i55.tinypic.com/biq7tk.gif

Time to short AUD/USD?

--- 帖子 #166 ---
may i know what indicator are you using that draws the zone?

-guandi

--- 帖子 #167 ---
Hello guandi..

I do not use any indicator on my chart..

Everything You see on my chart is drawn/put manually except candlestick timer.

I try not to give out live calls as its not what I intent to do but can help you with your analysis..

Although that pair is not the one that I'm currently watching but I can see its ranging within the weekly pennant..No clear weekly signal yet as far as I can see

--- 帖子 #168 ---
hello nomask, i have done the same with usd/jpy (drawing lines using whole numbers) suprising what u can see around whole numbers. good stuff

sam

--- 帖子 #169 ---
So far I showed you guys both winning and losing trades

now its the time for a missing trade...

That happens from time to time its because I'm dealing with 5 min entries.

part of the game.

I considered that 4hr candle tradeable because It was in the same direction of my hindsight..

I would never base a counter trade on such candle..

--- 帖子 #170 ---
Nomask, I have 2 trades on EU  both at different BE, can I move the first one to lock in some profit or leave till target reached?

Please answer as I have been trying to get your attention with a few newbie questions.

Thanks again

--- 帖子 #171 ---
So today I've had one losing trade with 1.7 pip and one missing trade...

yesterday's long position is still on being around 180 pips or so

--- 帖子 #172 ---
hope this answers your question.

--- 帖子 #173 ---
This is the chart of EU with 2 trades at BE, moved first to lock in profit. Is that how I do it or?

--- 帖子 #174 ---
Sheraad, both trades should be at BE

--- 帖子 #175 ---
Red-dragon, thanks for the reply.

Moved stops back to BE.

--- 帖子 #176 ---
Well done.

--- 帖子 #177 ---
thanks nomask for your kind reply. the reason i think why indis are not necessary to be successful in this business is because they are a mere derivation from the chart. market is 2 dimensional, no need to make a third one out of it. (could go on about philosophies here ^.^, but shall save my first strike for later)

i have learned much from you and will continue to do so.

again, thanks for your time and effort

you are too humble to think of your thread as not as informative and eye opening as the other three. it seems to me that you are doing an awesome job utilizing the best core concepts of each and made it your own. combine that with your vast experience. to me, this thread is also a must read/follow thread for anyone serious in this business, perhaps only after understanding the concepts from the other three.

--- 帖子 #178 ---
giving this to this thread would be nice i think,

thanks for your hard work nomask, every entry, every hintsight is priceless to me. im sorry if i post less but i follow your post and entry making technique

regards,

--- 帖子 #179 ---
Good morning everyone and thanks wang for your compliments..

Here is my start of the day..

Instead of listing all the rules and entry exit ideas I believe that learning/studying through charts always better.

Market is an artist that paints on our charts and we as traders look at its painting and try to read the story behind it.

It does not matter whether you are correct with your interpretation (reading story) every time or not..

Eventually one of your hindsights will work out and make you huge profit..

my only long position has 50% chance of either dying at break even or making me couple thousand pips..

simple but powerful

--- 帖子 #180 ---
hi nomask,

i have not traded since last long entry,currently i have sell position,i have attached my charts,entry's are taken on 5m,both positions at be+1,blue fib's are drawn by last 4h candle and golden fib is on last swing high,price is currently at 161.8 fib from 5m,what do you think,is the confluences of fib's important for profit taking or not,generally i want to hear your comments to my entry's,thank you!

--- 帖子 #181 ---
thats what's happening currently...

but truth is I do not close my long trade even if I get a succesful counter trade.

If I get a good counter trade I'll let market to get trapped by my two opposite positions.

Nothing exciting yet though.

--- 帖子 #182 ---
, yes noer,i have done already

--- 帖子 #183 ---
my chart on 1h,for me important levels to watch,what do you think?

--- 帖子 #184 ---
thanks a lot Noer..

I'm glad to hear that they're helping you..

--- 帖子 #185 ---
these levels really good ones as long as you feel comfortable with your entry method.Its all good..

But taking profit is something very far from my entry levels..

and I target at least the next round number...

--- 帖子 #186 ---
about 1 hr charts...

Sure every time frame has importance but the main goal or rule is keeping things simple..

I used to use 1 hr as well but then I realized that I don't need them as I have enough timeframes already on (weekly,4hr,5min)

but one can use monthly,daily,1hr instead of my set of timeframe..

Its all up to you..

As you already know there is a difference between method and system...

Method is what I'm trying to offer here and system is what you implement from this method and other methods into your trading style and then making your own entry,exit,stop management rules depending on your characteristics,capital size, psychology,personal taste..etc

--- 帖子 #187 ---
the reason I don't take any action on eurusd is my 4 hr candle not completed yet..

I don't care how far it can go without me..
Being disciplined is way more important than any 4hr candle or any big move

there'll be always massive moves but you won't make money without discipline.

--- 帖子 #188 ---
[quote=nomask;4425314]about 1 hr charts...

...main goal or rule is keeping things simple..

yes,its the best,one question with round numbers,its for you the 000 numbers (i.e. 1.3000, 1.4000...) or 00 numbers (i.e. 1.3100, 1.3200 etc.) ?,i know it sounds dumb because your target is 500-1000 pips...,question is,do you pay attention to those 00 numbers?

--- 帖子 #189 ---
[quote=sam69;4425363]
rounder the number the more important...

I don't plot them on my weekly chart but sometimes I put them on my 4hr temporarily to see if there is any confluence with s/r level and if price is respecting any of them.

But I don't make my main hindsight based on those numbers...only big round numbers (1.3000-1.4000..etc) to make hindsight

--- 帖子 #190 ---
Hi Nomask

Firstly a nice thread you have hear clear price trading, what I look for. My question if it has been asked appologies in advance as I've not read through the read entirely yet. You say you wait for the completion of your 4H candle, now as many of us are in differnt timezones and our charts for 4H are differnt on your charts are your 4H GMT, +1,+2 etc?. I say this as my charts are set to london time GMT according to you does that make a differnce.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #191 ---
hi kdx..welcome to thread..

I've posted this earlier about it that you can find in the link below
http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...3&postcount=72

best timeframe is the one in your local time..

--- 帖子 #192 ---
Now its coming back all the way up and this is where people get frustrated about forex..

But not if you stay calm,patient and disciplined enough to follow your method.

follow the price but not every single wave...

--- 帖子 #193 ---
Hi nomask! Thanks for sharing your ideas with us.

This last 4H candle seems to have rejected last week's high as well and if it closes above, this would be a support area.

My previous 4H candle closed bearish (I'm with Alpari UK GMT+1) and I tried some counter-trades opposite to the weekly hindside, with minimum risk around 4 pips. Easily moved to BE, and died there with the last continuation up move.

--- 帖子 #194 ---
wow,i came back and see...both sl's are taken out, is this marked area a possible entry for long?, just in your case...

--- 帖子 #195 ---
WILL PRINT THISS !!!!!!!!

--- 帖子 #196 ---
my chart says I still need to wait little bit longer.

--- 帖子 #197 ---
ok,thanks,in my case 23.6 fib of last swing high and last 4h candle (fib confluences) and an engulfing 5m candle in trend direction,so i think its a good opportunity to go long with the trend...

--- 帖子 #198 ---
to me its still very aggressive and I don't use the 23.6 fib level but as I said earlier its all good as long as if it works for you.

and the candle on my 4hr doesn't seem to be a good price action but I'll put my fib on it and watch only if it gives me something good looking

--- 帖子 #199 ---
[quote=nomask;

... [B]very aggressive [/b]...

yes,my entry's are bit too aggressive,so i use very tight stops,of course i dont say i try to pick the high's/bottoms,your idea is very helpfull for me as "main goal" with big numbers because for me its easier where to look for enter/add/watch and i also "know" my entry's in trend direction have better chance and countertrades very risky now... , thank you very much for your inputs!

--- 帖子 #200 ---
Two attempts..one failed with 5 pips and second seems working for now...

I'll update with the charts after I move the second position to b.e (hopefully I can)

--- 帖子 #201 ---
long on eu at second bounce from 50 fib,blue is fib on last 4h candle...

--- 帖子 #202 ---
good example for re-entry.

moved to break even..

so nothing market can get me from for this position..

as I said before moving to break even depends on the setup and price movement..

You can see there is a minor support above my entry..that was the main reason I hurried to move it to break even because if price comes back and break that support then there is no reason for me to stay in such hesitant market...

I'll save my money for when it knows what its doing

--- 帖子 #203 ---
wow, i feel better,i had the same idea by first bounce to go long

--- 帖子 #204 ---
price now explaining my stop management from the post above...

--- 帖子 #205 ---
Let's watch out, as the news is coming in 15 minutes!

--- 帖子 #206 ---
glad to see we're on the same page...

good work.

--- 帖子 #207 ---
you are right..this is the only time fundamentals matter for me

I don't care what they mean I care how they're effecting the price..

--- 帖子 #208 ---
last attempt for today..

so far today I've had 1 losing trade with -5pips

one break even

and this one has been moved to break even as well.

--- 帖子 #209 ---
third position died at break even...

but you never know when its moving..

4th position moved to break even.I did not know I was going to open 4th position for today.expect the unexpected

--- 帖子 #210 ---
Hi Nomask

I will be reading your thread. I like your work what you did previously.

I hope to contribute with value when I can comit a bit of time.

Good luck to this thread!

--- 帖子 #211 ---
hi zoli..thanks a lot and you're always welcome

--- 帖子 #212 ---
Nomask,

I just finished reading your work here. I find it promising. I can recognise traces from some threads you menioned. I know those as well, although have not been so diligent in posting.

My compliments to you as you seem to be well capable of creating your own style by using what you have learned and shaping it according to your needs. With this you are seting up a good example.

I am with you long on EU at 36104 and had the perfect position of my life at 37157 - just above a good price level. But I was foolish and closed that trade for some 70 pip profit only to withness that price has not yet gone back to it providing the potential for further increase.

Anyways, congratulation once more, you seem like a potent trader.

I hope you will continue with your thread and posts.

--- 帖子 #213 ---
nice thread nomask

can i ask, did you change your FIbo frequently? let say i assume

4Hr TF - one fibo from high to low (weekly)

in 5 minute? (High Low 4H)

--- 帖子 #214 ---
Thank you zoli for your compliments.

like everybody in this bussiness I've made so many mistakes (still making but not as much as before) until I managed to collect all the methods that suit my personality to put together something at least tradeable.

this is the process of experiment and there is no way to learn without passing by it.

Most of the good traders here will agree with me about that they'd been introduced to price actions and naked trading probably at the very early stage of their trading career but they thought it shouldn't be this easy to trade and then they went to the other way with full of those fancy indicators,moving averages,etc..

just to pay that fee to gain experience

after all their research and experience coming to same conclusion:

Yes indeed trading is easy.

--- 帖子 #215 ---
Hello normeck..thanks a lot.

Not sure what exactly you asked me but hope this is what you meant.

--- 帖子 #216 ---
Hi nomask

To decide the direction on weekly chart, what candle patterns are you using? only Pinbar / Engulfing ? do you also use any continuous candle pattern? the question applies to 4H chart too.

Thanks a lot!

tentoerun

--- 帖子 #217 ---
hope this help

--- 帖子 #218 ---
My favorites are pinbar,engulfing(outside they both same to me) bar and three bar reversal pattern less favorites are breakout bars and inside bars.

But the best way to find out what price actions rule market is analyzing the moves around those major lines and trying to see which price actions happened just before price started moving.

same logic should be applied to the all timeframes..

you can see all the price actions I mentioned on the chart below.

I could be missing some of them since I made the chart very quickly without rescanning.

--- 帖子 #219 ---
I see now. chart attached.

--- 帖子 #220 ---
Today's charts...

We now have one last hurdle around 1.3850 before reaching 1.4000 level .

but only if price still wants to move further up.

p.s:you can no longer see my long position on my demo charts as I had to re-open a new demo account due to some bug kind issues..

But I still hold the same position at 1.3569 in my live account.

--- 帖子 #221 ---
Hello Nomask,

Thank you for the last chart. I think we are having very identical chart. I was also noticing the same resistance at around 1.3850 area. In this instance, do you place buy stop? or wait for the current 4hr candle to end?

Thank you.

--- 帖子 #222 ---
I don't use buy stops and honestly I'll be just watching it because I enter only upon a new price action.

--- 帖子 #223 ---
hi nomask,

our last buy "died" @ be , i had a sell trade yesterday from 1.3830 - 1.3745,here are my thoughts for possiblity,i think your hindsight is still not changed,please look at my charts and analysis,thanks!

--- 帖子 #224 ---
hi sam..I find hammers not reliable enough to make hindsight based on them.

Yes I'm still biased bullish ..

Here's my chart of eu..

I'll try to post from other pairs if I find something good looking...

--- 帖子 #225 ---
Here is mine. Take Profit 1 2 and 3 hit. The retrace since nobody want to hold during weekend. Will put new chart up today or tomorrow.

Going to check bigger timeframe for next week.

--- 帖子 #226 ---
Here is the 4hr

--- 帖子 #227 ---
Hello hutrader.

I don't necessarily agree with setting up targets on 4hr timeframe idea..

and I don't want to clutter this thread with so many stuff but here what if I shoot fib expansions on weekly and say since price already reached 2nd expansion now its heading up to 3rd expansion around 1.5000 major level..

But one thing for sure is I have no control over the market whether I set my target for couple ten pips or thousand pips..

--- 帖子 #228 ---
Hallo Nomask

I am so glad you started this thread. I started to follow Pipeasy's millipede thread a few months ago. I also spend time during last week on  Clockwork71's thread as per your suggestion. From Graeme's thread most important thing that I learned is low risk infinite reward expectation. From Clockwork71's tread the importance of location and comfort struck a cord with me. I think learning your approach could be the one thing that I need to trigger my entries as per Graeme's teachings. I believe your style to trading is what suits my personality and comfort levels.

Looking forward to rest of this journey of how to KISS.

--- 帖子 #229 ---
i agree with you pa pips, i also learned that it is not the price pattern that is the most important, it is the location of which it occurs. also, if i remember correctly, nomask has said that timing is also very critical for a profitable trade.

this then lead me to think that making a good trade is like getting the girl/guy of your dreams, it is all about timing and location.

since we all need humor in our life, i just couldn't help myself in thinking about this youtube video i saw a while back. hope at least some of you had a good laugh out of it. (i guess the timing and location is both wrong in the video, feel bad for the guy and the girl)

[url///]http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eZQdydWtGis[/url]  [to keep the post clean without much junk, copy and paste the url ]

after some laughter i hope,

while i was doing my weekly hw,

some interesting pairs to note on the upcoming week:

usd/cad

usd/chf

eur/gbp (box)

eur/jpy (box)

=======================

Hello NoMask, I attached my chart below and was wondering if you think there are any areas you see differently than me. any advice and criticism would be greatly appreciated.

p.s. it is amazing what happens at round numbers and half round numbers. maybe thats why the jpy pairs are so choppy on intraday level, LOL

(they are quite nice on a weekly level though, jumping 10s)

--- 帖子 #230 ---
Hi Nomask, so how do you calculate your zones?

lets say the price passes 1.40 do you use 100 pips as the opening Zone, 200-500 pips as the adding zone and then the other 500 as the watching zone, do you always stick to this, how does this play out currently in EUR/USD

thanks

--- 帖子 #231 ---
Hellow wang..

excellent summary of what I meant to say about timing and location idea in one sentence..

I had hard laugh at that video too...

Location is something  we already decided (major round numbers 1.0000 1.1000 and half round numbers like 1.1500,1.2500) because of the past price actions around those levels and not because me or any retail trader makes these level important but banks,financial companies,big investors,etc.. do.

major numbers are for setting up ultimate targets and half round numbers for adding positions and some counter trade opportunities if price signals opposite direction...

about eu target of 1.45 level I believe that area worth to watch too but my reason was not the fib of mega move down as you can see on my chart but after you said that it even makes that level even stronger in this case of course only if price is still heading up..

--- 帖子 #232 ---
Thank you pa_pips..

--- 帖子 #233 ---
Hello Red

I don't calculate zones like you mentioned since I don't use any but I prefer adding between 1.4000-1.4500 as they have higher chance of survival and better r/r than any position opened in between 1.4500-1.5000.

But as you can see my last position on eu it is at 1.36 level which is above the zone that I prefer adding but the reason is it was very convincing price action around the level of 1.3500 and gave me a good entry opportunity.

So this classification of levels is not essential part of the method maybe more about detailing personal trading style.

I can trade both aggressive and conservative ways.So those opening,adding and watching zones define my trading style..I trade most aggressive on adding zone and less aggresive on opening zone and conservative on watching/probing zone.

But this is all very personal way of trading and with any method you'll be making these type of classes based on your trading skills.

--- 帖子 #234 ---
Hello nomask,

Thanks a lot for expounding more on your method by opening this thread. Little did I know that the stuffs I learned from you at “Building an equity millipede” thread were just the tip of the iceberg!

Your teachings really complimented well with what I have acquired from Sir Graeme.

Kudos to you and to this thread.

Have a nice day.

--- 帖子 #235 ---
Wonderful effort and time you spend on educating new trader like us. I think this is the best explanation with clear detail chart i have read after one year of searching on forum. Looking forward on your next info.

--- 帖子 #236 ---
Hi NOMASK,

I have read your EURUSD Example. Can you consider GBPUSD is Bullish when the weekly candle close on top of 1.6000 ??

--- 帖子 #237 ---
nomask thanks .... I hope you will succeed with forextrading ..... good job

--- 帖子 #238 ---
hello, cwl, i know you address the question to nomask directly, but i think i could be of little help in answering the question.

if you are asking no mask for the purpose of whether the set up/ your evaluation of the pair is a valid one, i could not help you there.

but: if you are looking to trade GBPUSD in the coming weeks, i suggest keep an eye on audusd instead, it is much more bullish, about to break the alltime high if i remembered correctly. also, check out gbp/aud cross (weekly engulfing pin) and eur/aud (good looking pin at the right place ), both showing bearish weakness in relation to aud.

thanks for the GBP heads up, was gonna trade the eur cross, may just go for the GBP cross instead. ^.^

hope my response helped a little until nomask comes back

--- 帖子 #239 ---
thank you cwl for your compliments..

--- 帖子 #240 ---
Thank you wangyue..I agree with your answer.

all the pairs against usd looking bullish at this time including gbpusd, audusd and audusd looking better than gbpusd in terms of price action.

Even though  I don't trade any other pairs than eu these days because of my other works I've been busy with I could not help putting that audusd as a first chart in my mt4 platform to watch.(check the 1st chart)

But remember taking only low risk entries with good price action at the beginning of your setup candles no matter how strong you believe in your hindsight.(check the 2nd and 3rd charts)

--- 帖子 #241 ---
One more tip about price actions..

I find this very helpful over the times.

If it starts moving up initially I'll be getting more interested to short it

I know its almost at the next major number and its not the best location to open a new short as per what I said so far..

just giving an example for trading breakouts

--- 帖子 #242 ---
Thank you for your help.

--- 帖子 #243 ---
two attempts on eu..one died at break even other still on with stop at break even.

--- 帖子 #244 ---
I also had one long on audusd died at break even..

p.s:when I made these charts I just opened a new position on audusd and died at b.e

--- 帖子 #245 ---
Nomask

these are certainly good examples of your trading and very interresting indeed. The reason I like what you do that it really determines the way you read the price. By that I mean you make the areas very clear where you will consider a price action to be a set up.

Engulfin bars, doji, wick and all sort of things occur all around the place. One of my biggest problem was and is to identify the areas on the chart to focus on.

Your ideas are really helpful and worth to consider.

I encourage you to continue with this forum. The method is very exact imho.

--- 帖子 #246 ---
Nice thread, thanks for sharing nomask!

http://i.imgur.com/pBDts.gif

http://i.imgur.com/Jx8LS.gif

Where would you recommend placing the fib, last bullish bar or low to high swing? To my eye and in hindsight, both looks good.

Would appreciate feedback from anyone.

--- 帖子 #247 ---
Hey Nomask,

I find Post #244 very interesting as you demonstrate if you "throw enough low risk trades" at the long term trend, eventually a few will "stick".  This is a great methodology.

Thanks for sharing,

Jon

--- 帖子 #248 ---
Hello everyone..I'll be busy with some meetings all day long today..

I'll catch up with you later ..

good luck all.

--- 帖子 #249 ---
____________

michael

--- 帖子 #250 ---
Even though we are missing your analysis, we have enough patience to wait for you. Take your time nomask.

Thank you,

--- 帖子 #251 ---
Hello pa and welcome...

I would place my fib on to my setup candle wherever it is...

For eurusd I took the weekly engulfing candle that sat righ on 1.3500 (median line) at post63 and you can read the following posts to see how I caught my entry that's been on since then.

one of the good part of this method is you do not need to think about where to put your fibs,trend lines or what location is important

--- 帖子 #252 ---
hello jmf...

Thats totally what my goal is and its worth it..When I made first 1000+ I felt great..because It was a 6 pips risked entry.

--- 帖子 #253 ---
thanks maaj..I'm glad I didn't miss anything about eu since its been ranging all day..

So I'm not looking at this pair until its broken out of the range...still holding one long position @1.3569

by holding trades you also don't make so many bad trades..at most little tiny probes that cost nothing comparing to the gain I'm after..

set alert and close this chart..let the market decide what to do..

--- 帖子 #254 ---
Good morning everyone..

Here's today's plan with some more details about the method..

All I need is on those charts and remember my only long position @1.3569 entered with only 6 pips stop loss...

--- 帖子 #255 ---
Nomask :

Great clarity and precision, excellent. Thank you !

I especially like the low-risk entry vs reward aspect. And it is using the more valid higher TF candles as blueprint for lower timeframe entries - much better than just watching 5min with dozens of indicators, pivots and a microscope....

_________________

michael

--- 帖子 #256 ---
Hai nomask,

first of all i want to thank you for your execelent strategy. curently i still practicing entry with 5 M tf but oftenly i failed. so for this trade i set my stop loss relatively huge.

here is the chart of my entry at NZD CHF. i have few question to ask if you dont mind.

1. can we take setup bar event the fib level of weekly hindsight bar didnot been touch by price ?

2. are we focus only on pin bar/inverted hammer/hanging man and bullish/bearish engulf setup only to take it as hindsight bar at 4H TF ?

thanks for you kind answer before

regards,

--- 帖子 #257 ---
Hi

Just to check when is the best to long for long on GBPUSD ?? Do we need to wait for the weekly candle to close before we look for trade or we can wait for the 4hr candle to close on top of the support. Thank you

--- 帖子 #258 ---
As far as I understand the method, weekly gives us the overall picture and major levels of big round numbers/support & resistance.

We then take the 4h candle as signal candle and view this candle on a 5min chart - where we can see if a trend confirmation/rejection/retrace etc. happens.

The main reason why we drop down to a lower timeframe is the fact that we can place our stops closer to price.

Look at your chart : placing stops on that 4h chart would be very far away and require more risk capital....

===============

In the case of GBPUSD we had strong up moves and I would probably wait a bit for a retrace in case you intend to go long.

But nomask will tell you if my interpretation is correct or not.

Hope that helps.

___________

michael

--- 帖子 #259 ---
Your chart again..... I missed it too. Next chance will come.

_________

michael

--- 帖子 #260 ---
thank you for your respond .... really appreciate it .

--- 帖子 #261 ---
No problem, the thread is just starting and we will ( hopefully ) go through many examples. This will make it clearer.

Maybe if you go through Nomask´s charts and download his template.

Fact is : higher timeframe charts such as weekly, daily and 4h are much more reliable. We then  use the information from those charts to find better entries with lower risk.

However, the goal is ( as I understand it ) ultimately not to catch some 5 or 15 pips here and there ( as typical scalpers would do, with high stress ), but to get in a trend gaining much more. Nomask already gave an example for this by entering very early on 1.3567 something - see where we are today.

Regards,

__________

michael

--- 帖子 #262 ---
Hello msmarple,

I think you put it correctly.

--- 帖子 #263 ---
Hello noer..I don't have that pair on my mt4 but seems like you had nice shorts on it.

the weekly bar that made a close below the major level is your weekly setup/hindsight bar.

we're focusing on any convincing price actions.but preferably more reliable ones..engulfing/outside bars,pinbars my favorite due to their reliability.

there is no classification between timeframes and price actions..your hindsight,price action interpretation work should be working on any timeframe..

we just expect/anticipate the same direction on three different timeframes..

nice break of a major line is a signal.If its happened by a price action at the same time then its even better...

then you put your fib on the weekly and you get a nice and smooth pullback on weekly giving you another setup on 4hr..you drop to 5 min. another nice smooth pullback on 4hr there you enter your trade..

But sometimes when move is stronger you don't get a pullback but you get a price action..don't forget that no price action no move...believe me every real move needs a real price action to get attention,to get enough move and power behind it..

Here is something I missed today because of my meetings that just ended (hopefully)..

p.s:with this method you'll be missing so many good opportunities due to 5min timeframe entries but don't let them bother you or make you just jump in wherever price is.

take them as a approval of your thinking/mindset/method working.

You don't have to make money every time that your method works.

Sometimes you'll get nasty spikes that might cost you maybe a possible thousand pips.(happened to me once)

Its all part of the game.

This is when you get frustrated by the market..

But sometimes market gets frustrated by you too.

Especially when you catch a +1000 pips with an entry that had a 5-10 pips stop loss..

--- 帖子 #264 ---
Hello msmarple..

thank you for your help.

--- 帖子 #265 ---
nice chart..you had a nice pinbar before and then almost engulfing candle...

nice signaling

--- 帖子 #266 ---
best scenario of my trading plan...

--- 帖子 #267 ---
Hello Nomask,

Looks like your plan is working towards 1.5000 level.

By using your method, I was able to stack two positions today. The 1st position already moved to BE while 2nd position is running +20 pips. Lets see what will happen to both positions.

Thank you.

--- 帖子 #268 ---
good work maaj...

--- 帖子 #269 ---
I have next resistance @ 1.4030-50

My next immediate target, then 1.43, then 1.50

going to be a fun ride.

--- 帖子 #270 ---
Hi guys

I am just trying to implement this method my own way. I succesfully longed EU at

3782 and have been long since 3610. I am with Nomask on this pair.

Also, here is my USDCAD trade. I will look for couple more minutes and may close my second position as I find it too much of a rush.

I also did not take into accont levels with USDCAD, except one. 0.9000.

In fact, as writing this post I actually exited already. So I am short at 9751. I have a strong hope of this pair collapsing to 9000. Maybe not yet and maybe my BE position will be taken out. Perhaps my next 5 attempts will be taken out as well. But this is trading.

EDIT: Just the reason to exit: it did not break down as I would have liked.

Charts:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #271 ---
Zol, very good, I will try to look out for setups and post them as well. I am just very cautious before ECB today and NFP tomorrow...but then narrow range days should give way to more trends again.

__________

michael

--- 帖子 #272 ---
Hi msmarple,

I totally agree. In fact I am not adding to it thix week anymore. I  know that many traders spotted USDCAD heading to 9000. It is important to note though that with the revolution in the middle east, oil is going to the moon along with gold and silver, this is now a very delicate environment IMHO.

For example: if tomorrows numbers are really different as expected a big move might happen. By all means, I believe fo now EUR is more attractive for safety than the USD.

But whatever happens we must ensure we stay in business for the upcoming years

--- 帖子 #273 ---
Don't let fundementals make you nervous about trading..

I only check to see if there is a major release right after my entry..If not I don't care what fundamentals bring me or what they mean..

Its going to either cooperate with my position or stop me out at break even..

today it worked out in my favor so far..but also stopped me out at break even with my new buy position of today..

--- 帖子 #274 ---
Thanks nomask, noted ! I might be still experiencing some traumatic news trading flash-backs......I remember a big shot at Fxstreet covering live NFP and recommending buy stops and sell stops 1min before the announcement. You can imagine what happened.

But I am aware that your way of trading is totally different. That is why I am here... .

_________

michael

--- 帖子 #275 ---
Hi Nomask

Found your thread during forum hopping. Must say this is one of few good things in FF. I am not yet using your system but it has provided enormous insights. Earlier i used to struggle for low risk entries in line with HTF PA. Drawing fibbo and zooming to 5M should work. Thanks.

--- 帖子 #276 ---
Thanks survivor..welcome to thread..

When I first started this thread I was lucky that I caught a good setup (you can find it in earlier pages of the thread) that allowed me to summarize my whole method in one live example.

This first position still alive and around 400  pips up now.But the key is I did not spend hundreds pips to establish this position  I only spent maybe 10-15 pips for couple attempts at some important levels upon good price actions on higher t.f...

if I close it now probably I get a reward 26 times bigger than my initial risk.

I find unrealistic or at least unnecessary to set up some sort of fixed risk/reward ratio..You can never know when and how much market is willing to pay you.

The concept is to open trades with small attempts around a major number and target next major number/numbers...

If eurusd makes a strong close above 1.4000 level I'll keep my current long and also I'll be trying to open new positions targeting  the next major number (1.5000)...

If I get an opposite signal at 1.4000 level I'll enter opposite position to my current position to catch next major numbers down this time..

But I'll keep both open to trap the market so it can work out in the favor of one of my positions targeting over 1000 pips..

This method requires extra discipline,patience,consistency and good entry skills on 5min timeframe..

p.s:honestly I should've had more long positions after my first entry by now but I was not able to spend enough time and add more because I was busy with my other works last couple days..

But when I'm done with this trade I'll try to recover what I did right and wrong to clarify the method better

--- 帖子 #277 ---
Thank you for your wonderful and detail trade plan from 1.3000 to 1.4000. Looking forward to learn more from you. I still learning to have a good entry on 5 minute chart.

--- 帖子 #278 ---
thanks a lot cwl..

price made its first attempt to break 1.4000 level after major news release today..

I started watching it in 5min timeframe as price made a 4hr pinbar right at 1.4000 level.

But failed to make a good bearish price action so far...

--- 帖子 #279 ---
You called it beautifully - thanks for this new insight, for me at least, in trading with much less stress.  I'm still working on entering on the 5m chart - will get there.

--- 帖子 #280 ---
HI Nomask,

I've been looking at your method in more detail, the more I've analysed the more I like it even though the principles in your method are similar to how I normally trade which is PA. I've several questions but over the weekend I will arrange some charts to edit and show so will take a bit of time. A Comment on your last post after that 4H bearish pin I take it you were looking for a counter trade than in your 5min eg you show price retracing to the 61.8 with a pin bar and than you got a second pin bar, you say you dont trade 5min without confirmation candle now was the 2nd pin not a confirmation candle as it got rejected twice from the same point and at 61.8 level. Can you please explain and show what you consider a confirmation candle on the 5 min please.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #281 ---
And we finally made it almost to 1.4000.....

I wish everyone a good weekend, and again thanks to Nomask !

__________

michael

--- 帖子 #282 ---
Yap It touched 1.40000. My 1st entry still running, but other 2nd & 3rd entries closed at BE due to NFP price fluctuation. No regret as I did not lose single pip to establish all three positions.

--- 帖子 #283 ---
if that were me, i would like to see bearish candle after that pin at least not half of that pin got passed i'll take the trade, or i wait the 0 level of passed to enter.

--- 帖子 #284 ---
thanks joey.You are right about trading with such method is less stressful and sometimes its even boring  which is a good sign for a trading method.

Because boredom caused by consistency in repeated actions.This is important to trade any method successfully.

hello kdx..Any questions are welcome.

about your comment,I love trading pinbars and they're my favorite but I never rely on a pinbar by itself.

after a pinbar formed,I need to see some volume in the pinbars direction to take an action.

Because a pinbar only means indecision of market (sellers and buyers fought and they got tired but no side winner yet) which is a good sign that pullback might be ended but still we need a candle that shows us who the winner is..

In the example you asked second pinbar only makes the meaning of indecision stronger but still no obvious sign about who the winner is.

I'll post a good example of pinbar setup as I find it...

--- 帖子 #285 ---
I just realized that I posted something similar before..
http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...&postcount=161

In the example the candle after the pinbar being confirmation candle giving us opportunity to enter.

--- 帖子 #286 ---
Thank you too msmarple..

That would be even better though if  it did break the 1.4000 level but as everybody knows that the market does the way no matter what we want to see.

We always hear that "plan your trade,trade your plan" quote but some people think that this means expecting price moving in the direction of our positions.

Instead, I think it means defining the possibilities,odds and being prepared for both direction.

So now I already covered long position because of my existing long position if anything bad happens next week this time I'll try to establish short positions without closing my long trade

--- 帖子 #287 ---
good job maaj..Congrats on your long

--- 帖子 #288 ---
In fact I should thank you. I am learning from your posts and trying to implement what you have thought us.

Thank you..and have a nice weekends.

--- 帖子 #289 ---
keep it up mate..i trade very similar now but mine are auto pivot on daily, weekly and monthly .

you have my vouch.

--- 帖子 #290 ---
Thank you guys for your compliments.

We're just learning from each other.all that matters.

--- 帖子 #291 ---
here is another very simple and yet clean example of ej even though its not my favorite pair..

But every single pair should be traded if you had a valid method..

--- 帖子 #292 ---
Nothing much to say ...take a good look at the confluence weekly and monthly resistance 1.40 -1.39..in this zone i will be looking for a short down to 1.3850-35 resistance that turn support..i still see eu bullish in march base on current pa

--- 帖子 #293 ---
i am watching this level to 1.4065 any sign of weakness could be short advantage

--- 帖子 #294 ---
Hi nomask

I just happened to see this thread today and finished reading all the posts from page1 to 20 in this thread! I could understand most of it and found them interesting.

Very good work & easy to understand yet very reliable. Thanks a lot. I have been trading with MAs and other indicators all over my charts with lot of stress, and found your system a stress reliever!!!

I shall practice this in the coming week and try adopting to it.

Thanks once again, for this wonderful piece of information/study. I wish I could have seen this on the day when it started, so that I would have been stressFREE for nearly a month by now!!!

--- 帖子 #295 ---
I want to focus on eurusd mainly, but occasionally I find other pairs interesting.

I drew some weekly major lines in Nomask style - I was interested in the weekly bearish engulfing bar and the subsequent move up.

It seems as if price has been rejected by 135.00, we will see how this works out next week. I would like to post a 5min chart as well, but this really only makes sense when the markets are open.

================================

( @ donfriday : nice to see you, it is always good when experienced traders come out of their caves....  )

( Edit : the diagonal lines are not relevant for this method, I am mainly focusing on the candlesticks themselves and price action only )

===============================

Everyone a good weekend !

Michael

--- 帖子 #296 ---
Hi,

the way I see. Commentary on the charts. I have 2 positions and will hold on to them. There is the forever question though. How will I fell if the market comes down and my paper profit goes to zero? Will I chicken out?

I recommend you all to note the followings very carefully:

I was long on EU recently at the following levels:

3043

3353

3396

and some more above these levels.

My entry risk on each of these positions were 20 pips.

So I did exit from these positions as the market went downt till 3427 on 02.14.11.

Assuming I would have had what it takes, I would be VERY COMFORTABLY up, say, 376+204+944+634+591=2749 pips only from EU (including my current 2 positions). My learning account is down serious 27.6% at the moment. This 2749 pips means I would have been nicely recovere all my loss and be in a small profit. Similar is tru to some of my other positions in other pairs.

I am confident in saying that the method Nomask is representing (also see the threads he mentioned before) is a serious way to make money. Because if through practicing and learning we are able to enter the market with low risk easily, it is also not a big deal to hold on to the positions.

What a lesson to me!

PS: I forgot out that I was long also at 1500. My statement is full of BE and minor positions that I lost it. So that adds 488 pips to the equation and additional paper profit to my account. Also, i have a bigger account wich i trade as well. I am up some 20% and the reason is that I did hold on to 1 single position. One. The rest made me an overall small loss but this one a big profit. Anyway we have a lot of time to learn how to trade profitable.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #297 ---
Also watching this pair:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #298 ---
Michael

I do trade this pair, and I will continue to look for shorts, below 131.00 and longs above 135.

Look at the Monthly Chart, January was a very nice bullish bar at the bottom. July and August make sense that 135.00 will present some resistance.

I do think we will have downside this week, but that is just my personal view.

Frank

--- 帖子 #299 ---
Based on what I understood from this thread, I have setup following on my charts. Can someone please confirm, what I did is right as per the explanations given in this thread?

--- 帖子 #300 ---
thank you zoli for your nice inputs..eurnzd looks interesting.

--- 帖子 #301 ---
I want to add this after reading zoli's thread about holding positions..

when I first started trading this method I established 5 positions they were all close to each other but I left only one position open and closed others at 100 pips profit thinking I covered all my losing trades and made small profit on top by banking 400 pips.

But later on my only position hit the 1000 pips making me 2.5x more than what I had with other 4 positions..

I put %20 on top of my capital with single position but IF I did let other positions run then I would've doubled my account easily..

--- 帖子 #302 ---
I am confident in saying that the method Nomask is representing (also see the threads he mentioned before) is a serious way to make money. Because if through practicing and learning we are able to enter the market with low risk easily, it is also not a big deal to hold on to the positions.

What a lesson to me!

================

To me too ! Great charts zol, I don`t quite understand how you had so many positions early on in EU and still no substantial profits ? Did you pull the stop to breakeven ? This money management question is one that Nomask hopefully will talk about - because what we are doing is searching for low-risk entry opportunities in order to HOLD on to a trade for larger gains than just scalping.

Also with eurnzd : as with my example gbpjpy we have to be very careful, trading any crosses usually requires a good understanding of all the major pairs involved in the cross. I usually stay away from them, and the stops would have to be much wider than with the majors, eg. EU.

I will post more charts coming week. Everyone a nice Sunday !

( Edit : taking the example of GBPCHF, here you have 9 variations  that anyone who trades crosses with larger positions should know. That`s why I normally stay away...... Chart by Pipsqueak4x)

________________

michael

--- 帖子 #303 ---
Hello ava..

what I look for is price action in the same direction on all three timeframes being weekly,4hr and 5min..

this pair seemed like not the best to trade but I tried to analyse it per method.

hope it helps..

--- 帖子 #304 ---
Ava Ind, my 2 cents.

Weelky is our hindsight, you don't say if you are shortor long, it would seem you are short and are talking about the weekly bar prior to last week. Week 21-25 Feb,

Last weeks bar was an inside bar. (Week 28Feb - 4 March)

If I were trading GBPCHF, I would need to see a brake of 149.00 as I see support there too.

So I would be watching in the next week the four hour and 5 min chart.

I would be watching for Price action off Fib levels.

I post some charts on how my week may have unfolded if I were trading this Pair.

Nomask, if I have anything wrong please say so or if I have oversteped the mark in responding here again plase say.

--- 帖子 #305 ---
thank you michael for your inputs.

I agree with you on crossed pairs too..

They usually just give out intense headache instead of nice profits.

I made almost all nice profits on eu..Its the most descent pair I find (not because It pays me well.look at its charts not much spikes you'll see)

money management is the easiest part of the method even though its totally up to personal expectancy,trading skills,trading capital,...etc..

I'll try to write later on today after I spend sometime with my little monster..

see you guys later

--- 帖子 #306 ---
Hi Michael,

very treu, the crosses have wider spreads and more erratic movements.

Couriously to my previous positions, I am still underwater. This is the reason I have this learning account with real money. You see, I still need to find out from myself some elements of my trading. Apperently I am able to enter in a quite acceptable way on occasions. But that does not mean profits. Profits come when I exit.

Anyways, I am not overly worried about trading crosses, though a 10 pip entry on EURNZD is quite a jocke as my spread is bigger than that.

What is important, though, is the tightness of the entry. I do not allways know it well. In my position I did risk 80 pips. I am up now 588. I knew if I will pass the 80 and the BE point this pair may fly. Id did so far. Sure, it can also collapse just like that.

--- 帖子 #307 ---
Nomask & Red-Dragon thanks for your input. I think, I am getting even more clarity & understanding on the method.

I did not trade in that pair yet, since last week was an inside bar, took the previous week's long red candle as setup bar and would be watching for PA this week.  Shall enter if any break down happens from the levels mentioned.

Thanks, once again.

--- 帖子 #308 ---
thank you red..good charts with good presentation..

--- 帖子 #309 ---
Continuing of the money management issue..

riks/reward ratio

I don't think there is any question about risk/reward ratio since the method is about getting in trades with 5-15 pips stop (depending on the entry setup) and chasing around thousand pips (depending on your entry and where the next major number is) giving us a wide range of 20x to 300x times bigger reward eventually..

I did catch over thousand pips profit trades couple times with less than 10 pip-risked positions.most recent one was the move from 1.4 level to 1.3 on eurusd.It took me 5 weeks to reach my target.

lot size

But during your attempts to get in a move you'll have some losing attempts that will give you a clue about the lot size you should be using..

after paper trading maybe 100 trades then you can have a nice data of your maximum drawdown and average stop loss that you need to define your lot size.

my average loss is about 7 pips and the lot size that I most feel comfortable is 0.1 lot for a 5000 usd account or 1 lot for a 50k account..

some may think its too conservative but again its all up to your personality and trading skills however for a 50k account when you make your first thousand pips with a single position that's equal to 10k.

the bonus of this method is added positions after your first entry..

Graeme, the owner of the thread called "building millipede equity" has a very aggresive way of stacking which I'm impressed but don't think it fits to my trading style.when I feel comfortable with stacking aggresively maybe I can try as well but nothing soon yet.

winning rate

for sure you'll have very low winning rate while you still add some nice profits on top of your capital with that huge reward/risk ratio...

so you need to paper trade (for any method out there) the method to gather your own trading data to build up your money management.

--- 帖子 #310 ---
Hello Nomask,

Thank you for touching this subject. IMO, as long as we risk 5 - 15 pips, we will not lose so much if price turn negative. Good thing about this method is, you risk so little to aim for big rewards.

--- 帖子 #311 ---
Nomask - I've been following your strategy and think it's very interesting because rather use the Fibonacci levels. According to his analysis as you see the EURO for this week?

Big hug and congratulations on the topic.

--- 帖子 #312 ---
Hello Fellow Traders,

It is an interesting day today. Price is testing 1.4000 level for the 3rd time (as per my time zone on 4hr charts). Can we expect volatile breakout towards UP? Or will it  reverse towards 1.3000 again?.

I am just waiting for right price action / setup. I guess Nomask have some thing to say.

--- 帖子 #313 ---
I LIKE THE 1HR SETUP..my sl currently at BE tp 1.4080-1.4130

--- 帖子 #314 ---
thank you nelton..

thats how I see the things at this moment..

--- 帖子 #315 ---
one more thing.

I'd be extra cautious about any entry based on 4hr..

maybe one or two attempts to get in but nothing aggressive since we do not have a weekly candle that breaking the level of 1.4000 yet.

We just assume that current weekly candle that we're in may turn out a nice bullish candle after our early entry..

If it hesitates to do so I will not spend much money on it

--- 帖子 #316 ---
Hello Nomask,

I think above post is very important.

'do not have a weekly candle that breaking the level of 1.4000 yet' this sentence tells whats this system is all-about. We can't blindly take trade just because we see possitive 4hr. candle, we need to make sure weekly hindsight is right.

Thank you..

--- 帖子 #317 ---
Hi Nomask,

Would I be right in thinking we would like a 4H close above 1.4 then look for a 50% retracement of that candle, then watch for 5M price action to go long?

thanks, Steve.

--- 帖子 #318 ---
this method needs a weekly setup candle for our hindsight.

once we're biased in one direction then we look for a 4h price action and 5min entry off the 4hr candle.

But currently we do not have such weekly candle signaling that price moving from 1.4000 level to 1.5000 yet..

maybe just a good looking 4hr candle.

my latest weekly setup candle is the one (2011.02.13) sitting on 1.3500 level engulfing last 3 bearish candles..

However since we're dealing with very small stop loss I sometimes try testing the water with little attempts based on 4hr..

But this is not an essential part of the method and it requires extra discipline not to over trade..

It is best to wait to get a weekly confirmation first..and this is how I mainly trade.

--- 帖子 #319 ---
Hi nomask

Don't you regard the green weekly candle crossing 1.2 level as set-up bar?

--- 帖子 #320 ---
I forgot that one..thanks.

--- 帖子 #321 ---
Thank you

I just wanted to make sure that the weekly setup needs only to cross the major level and not necessarily be a reversal pattern such as pin or engulfing

--- 帖子 #322 ---
Hello Everyone,

Have been readin through the thread and wanted to know if this is valid.  I think Nomask said it must touch around the fib level, but is this a good setup?  any help would be great? Still working through this

--- 帖子 #323 ---
double tops/bottoms along with candlestick patterns (double bottom&engulfing candle in your example)  are valid as well as pullbacks to fibs..

that could've been traded but as I said earlier we do not have a weekly setup candle signaling the move from 1.4 to 1.5 yet might be started.

--- 帖子 #324 ---
This question is not related to this method, but I really appreciate you guys reply. Can someone guide me to a good broker who allows hedging? I been with Oanda all his time, but it does not allow hedging.

I do not want to mess this thread with this question, therefore you may just PM your reply.

Thank you.

--- 帖子 #325 ---
Nomask, when would you consider shorting eurusd?  Weekly close below 1.4000 or would you consider entries with 4 hour bearish candle closes.  I closed a position for 200 pip gain Sunday because of price action at 1.4000.  I only had one position open and did not want to lose those pips.  Now looking for another entry.

I understand longs are now based on bullish candles closing above 1.4000.  weekly candle close above 1.4000 ideal but daily and 4 hour candle closes above 1.4000 could be considered but risk is higher.

Enjoying this thread.  Has made my trading much less stressful.

Many thanks!

--- 帖子 #326 ---
thanks winston..

I posted this while ago that can be answer to your question.
http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...&postcount=287

--- 帖子 #327 ---
Nomask - Correct me if I'm wrong. Do you hope to sail the first week of crossing a level of 1.35 .... 1.40 ... closed through the week you go to the h4 and expects the same condition, after you go to m5, and also hopes fibo moth disruption in m5, ai using price action, analysis of candles. That?

Big hug

--- 帖子 #328 ---
Sorry Nelton.

I'm not sure what you asked me but if I get a weekly candle with close above 1.4000 level, I'll be looking in 4hr timeframe to go long and after that I look for low risk long entries on 5 min.time frame..

There are some good examples you can find at the beginning of this thread.

--- 帖子 #329 ---
Hi, if the weekly candle close below 1.4000 level. We go short and hope that it reach 1.3000 level again ?

--- 帖子 #330 ---
depends on the setup.

If we get a weekly bearish engulfing candle that makes a close below the opening price of the previous bullish candle or any other price action then the answer is yes..

posted earlier this plan
http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...&postcount=287

--- 帖子 #331 ---
Hi cwl0375

We must see how this week's candle forms after its completion. If it is engulfing one, yes we must consider it as -ve and consider as setup candle for a short target of 1.35 to 1.3. If it is just an inside bar then we must wait for some more time for confirmation. If it turns out to be +ve candle then we must consider it as setup candle for target of 1.45 to 1.5

Nomask, correct me if I am wrong.

--- 帖子 #332 ---
Sorry Nomask my inglish.

His answer was perfect. Much appreciated. Thanks

--- 帖子 #333 ---
its correct..

with this way of trading you'll stay out of too much noise and false price patterns.

If the method you use starts becoming boring ,don't try to make it more exciting.

when its too simple and clear ,things will most likely get boring then people usually try to make things more confusing,"exciting" by adding more stuff,making up trades or going into too much details.

you're welcome

--- 帖子 #334 ---
Hi

I have problem making a good entry on 5 minute chart. i always get stop out. I am not sure to focus on 38.2 , 50 or 61.8 level.

--- 帖子 #335 ---
enter only when there is a good setup/reason..

if you show show some of your entries maybe I can help..

--- 帖子 #336 ---
Currently waiting on a nice pullback to the 50%-61.8% fib area, then a pinbar, and a break of the pinbar heading back down.

**update: Still waiting on a pullback to the 50%-61.8% area.

--- 帖子 #337 ---
Hi cwl0375,

for 5min entries you could read threads that focus on entry techniques, such as " Flag-Trading with trend " or Niceguy`s " Ridiculous 7 pips system ", or " How to trade 1-2-3 effectively " ( Paulus ).

However, you will notice a big difference to Nomask, as they focus on making gains only for a few pips on the 5min, hopefully catching the right trend direction. This can be fast moving, high-stress and quite difficult when practised on its own !

So, the whole intention behind Nomask`s 5min entries ( correct me if I am wrong ) is to have a confluence of the weekly, 4h as " strength " behind our 5min entries. Big difference !

But if it is only about the technicalities of entries and hiding your stops etc. these threads might give you some help.

Don`forget to come back to us !

_________

michael

--- 帖子 #338 ---
Hi,

can i use 1st 4hr candle as setup ? if i miss the 1st 4hr setup candle can i use the 2nd 4hr setup candle ?

--- 帖子 #339 ---
thank you for your info

--- 帖子 #340 ---
is it at the level 1.39200 to 1.39400 ?

--- 帖子 #341 ---
well said Michael.

I wish this was happening when european market was open...

but I'll be watching it though.

--- 帖子 #342 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #343 ---
Hi Nomask and others. I am just looking at the 2 charts what Nomask posted and me with some 1-2 minutes time different. Check out the 4H bars. Nomask: a pin.

Me: First is a bold down bar then an up bar but the close is lower than the previous bars open, so it is NOT and engulfin bar.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #344 ---
first attempt ended -8 pips loss.

not keen to be trading at this time of the market

--- 帖子 #345 ---
Hi Nomask,

let us wait a bit, no?
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #346 ---
sometimes price starts moving without looking back.

only way to find it out making small entries especially when the very first bar of the new 4hr candle is a breakout candle which it was in my case.But didn't work out so now I know its not a strong move.

--- 帖子 #347 ---
I entered on the break of the pinbar after a retrace. We'll see how this one goes.

**Closed this one out with +30 pips, about 2.5% added to my account on that trade.

--- 帖子 #348 ---
hello nomask,

how do you determine major and median lines? is it just round numbers?

thanks

--- 帖子 #349 ---
major lines thousand pips apart (1.4000,1.5000) and median lines are just in the middle of the major lines (1.4500,1.5500)

--- 帖子 #350 ---
<<<>>> Hi nomask ... I just want to rule the way you trade .. you just do analysts time frame W1,H4, and entry to the M5. how the time frame of the others that ... do we still need tonotice it. TQVM ... I really appreciate. I hope you succeed.

--- 帖子 #351 ---
Good morning everyone.

Yesterday I tested this pinbar with a small entry cost me -8 pips and it failed to move up during the slow market hours.

These entries are necessary to catch real and quick moves that happen not often but when it does it just shoots up with no pullback covering all small attempts and making nice profit on top.

Its preferable to have the real move upon the first price action which did not happen in eurusd last night but since the price still playing around %50 of the last week's candle, its worth to keep an eye on it.

By the way no need to be glued to the screen all day long..

just checking to see if there is any price action as every 4hr candle completed is fine.

More than this can make you over trading.

--- 帖子 #352 ---
You can use different set of timeframes like monthly,daily and 1 hr if you want..

but the reason why I only limit it to three time frames is that adding more timeframes will make you confused rather than making better entries.

and I don't use monthly candle because that means when there is a p.a I'm one month behind the move that started.I don't want to be that late.

Besides,if you get a good price action on 1hr that means you'll have a good p.a on 4hr as well maybe just 20-30 pips later but since we're usually entering on the pullbacks of 4hr candles you actually do not need to mess with 1hr timeframe.

I hardly ever use 15 mins but only when I believe there is a good chance on higher timeframes and 5 min t.f is too messy to make a good entry.

But this case does not happen more than once in couple months..

--- 帖子 #353 ---
There seems to be a long opportunity in EU. Any suggestions/ideas?

Fibs are on last week's candle. Looks like PA taking support at 50%, so if the current 4H bar close as is or more it could be a setup candle for long entry

--- 帖子 #354 ---
Hi guys,

I've already taked this trade (nice double bottom on 61,8 Fibo between 30 and 50 SMA, nice horizontal support, quite solid PIN bar - trade taken above that pin.

--- 帖子 #355 ---
two attempts for today.

one ended 3 pips loss.other moved to break even.

--- 帖子 #356 ---
Hey Nomask,

Do the trades you explained in Post #356 represent "short term" M5 trading while you are waiting for a W1 setup?

Thanks,

Jon

--- 帖子 #357 ---
I'm waiting first week setup for short trades.

I'm still biased long and have position from 1.3560.

if you notice I used that bad shaped engulfing 4hr candle in the direction of my hindsight

--- 帖子 #358 ---
I was doing backtesting for practice.  I notice sometimes when you put a fib on 4 hour candle then drill down to 5 minute chart that price action will move beyond the fib causing one to enter only to have it retrace and stop you out.  It seems better to almost always wait for the retrace even when price seems like it's going to keep moving before a retrace.  As you stated in previous post nomask there is almost always an overlap on the next 4 hour candle.

Also I noticed on the 4 hour chart that if you keep a fib from the last swing low (bull market) and keep correcting it as price moves up you will always be ready for the next retrace.  Right now price action is around the 61.8% fib from the last swing low on the 4 hour chart on the euro.  Since I believe we are still biased long then it seems we are in an excellent area for another entry if price action cooperates.

--- 帖子 #359 ---
Good morning everyone.

There is a possible fakeout on the weekly if this weeks candle closes below the purple level.Maybe bringing us a bearish engulfing candle which might be taken as a short setup candle

So if thats the case by the end of the week ,we can either bank the profit of long position or open a new shorts due to new setup without closing the long position.

by choosing the first way,you'll have to wait for a new long setup on the weekly to enter long.

second way is psychologically harder than the first one but possibly targets for greater reward.

you don't have to think too much about which way to go..

best way is the one you feel most comfortable.

but keep in mind that the week is not over yet.

--- 帖子 #360 ---
here is a recap chart.

when I stopped "wishing and hoping"in forex its the time when I started making money.

my position (opened 3 weeks ago) went over 400+ pips profit then the market took 200+ pips back and I don't know if this is all yet.

Its the only emotional hurdle of this method (or any other method) and You need to deal with that no matter how you trade.

I believe forex is trading the odds not the drama.

--- 帖子 #361 ---
hello there nomask,

you got an amazing system here, if you dont mind i wanna ask about partial taking profit, since you never mention one. if we want to take partial taking profit what do you suggest ??.

by the way nice job on EU

-qnwwnq

--- 帖子 #362 ---
thank you qnwwnq.

I haven't mention because I don't do partial taking profit.

Because I usually have more than one position open.

But I can diversify positions at different major numbers.

For example If I had more than one long position on eu on the current ride most likely I'd have closed some positions at 1.4 and let others on targeting the next major number of 1.5.

--- 帖子 #363 ---
thanks for quick replay nomask,

so the partial profit taking is at major line too not at median line such x.x500. thats could be lot of emosional hurdle. 1:40 R:R for your eu, pretty cool i say

--- 帖子 #364 ---
Nice thread. Trading without a cluster of indicators is always better for me.

--- 帖子 #365 ---
The Weekly Chart GBPUSD is already showing bearish candle, the GBPUSD EURUSD are normally quite correlated.

1 day left but as things stand I feel next week that I will be short GBP/USD and possibly EUR/USD

--- 帖子 #366 ---
Hi Nomask,

I have been looking for price action trading strategy and I'm sicked of indicators which bring me nowhere after 1 year+ of in forex trading but losses.

I found that your strategy is amazing and is almost the same concept with the "buidling a milipede" by Easypips in other thread.

Just out of curiousity, did you ever take into consideration of coming big news (such as NFP) in your trading? Will your trading strategy varies when there are coming big news?

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #367 ---
Good morning everyone..

Eurusd seems like making a bearish engulfing candle (or at least almost engulfing candle) unless today brings some crazy bulls into play.

Either way is okay because I'm prepared for both side.

We'll see how this one will be ended.

Thank you trendy sure it is.

I agree with you Red but I have to wait until the weekly candle over to finalize my trading plan for the next week.

I posted many posts in Graeme's thread..He's a very successful trader and very good teacher.I strongly recommend reading his thread or the pdf made of his posts.

I consider big fundamentals (usually red ones in ff home page) only in terms of timing my entry.I try not to enter a new position very close to the major news release.

Since I deal with very tiny stops its most probably that most of the big news spike will stop me out.Thats all I consider them.I don't care either they're green or red..

--- 帖子 #368 ---
and I also think this is why gbpusd is faster than eurusd..gu has a strong level that needs to break if it wants to move down but eu already tested major level and reversed so no rush for eu..

--- 帖子 #369 ---
very good example of why we should wait until the weekly candle fully formed before taking any action or making hindsight.

this morning things seemed that eu was going to establish a bearish engulfing candle that might signal short for the next week.but during the last two 4hr candles things got changed.

this is why i wait until weekly candle ended before making a hindsight,i wait 4hr candle ended before consider it a price action and finally i wait 5 min candle ended before making an entry decision.

patience can save you from a lot of fake moves.

--- 帖子 #370 ---
Hi Nomask,

Very nice strategy you have there. One question: How are you determining the major lines and the meridian lines?.

Thanks,

Steve

--- 帖子 #371 ---
You'd better read at least the first page other than jumping in and asking this kind of questions.

--- 帖子 #372 ---
Ok, this I did already. Quite possibly I missed it, however. Will go back and reread.

Steve

--- 帖子 #373 ---
Hi Steve, if you read from first post you will get this info.  But Nomask posted a template here that can do this for you but i highly recommed reading from first page as you WILL MISS quite alot of important information if you do not....i am now doing my 6th reading of this thread.

--- 帖子 #374 ---
The GU has 1.60 to break for a short Bias, Nomask I'd be interested in your hindsight as the week has closed.

The EU has 1.40 to break for further longs and our hindsight is still long. with the GU I'm not sure.

thanks

Frank

--- 帖子 #375 ---
Thank you Steve..Its just big major numbers and their median lines.You'll find out the info in the earlier posts.

Hello Frank

You're on the right path If you don't feel sure about gu.Because I did not like how it played on friday either.I have to feel confident and see things clearly before making hindsight.But its not the case for gu yet

If it made a close below 1.6 level that'd have been totally a short signal for the next week.

But It failed to do so.This give us the 3rd way which is being flat.I'm neutral on gu until it gives me a clear signal.

even for eu..I was going to hold  a short bias for the next week if the last three 4hr candles didn't exist.They got rejected by the "resistance turned support"

--- 帖子 #376 ---
Hi Nomask,

What leverage do you use when adding positions?

Interesting thread. Good luck,

Paul

--- 帖子 #377 ---
What is up for EU, next week? Current week seems to be inside bar with little long tail!

--- 帖子 #378 ---
1 standard lot for each 50k and every other position opened only after previous position/s moved to b.e...

I don't even know what leverage my broker offers because I don't need it.

However every trader has a different way of trading.Some use tight stop  while others use large stop that determines the lot size along with your maximum drawdown.

for any method out there you get to hear "demo trade it first".

Its true but you ever thouht about why?

Its not only because you need to see whether you can trade the method or not.

More important,you need to see what's your average loss,your maximum drawndown,consecutive loss,etc..

You need your trading data to set your money management before starting to trade it live.

I don't believe %2-%3 maximum risk kind of m.m rules..To me its just too much risking for a single trade.

Honestly I don't think %5 of the traders (called succesful ones) risk that much.

my average risk is around %0.2 per trade.

So Its 10 times smaller than what I usually hear.

Hope this helps

--- 帖子 #379 ---
Not very clear but still holding long bias due to the last rejection of support.

--- 帖子 #380 ---
Thank you Nomask.

Rather than extending this with different mathematical money management calculations I can say from experience :

a) I tried ultra-shortterm trading with high leverage. My thought : if I make 20 pips ( 1Pip worth 20 USD = 2 lots ) daily, that would be 400 USD. Not bad. Result : huge stress.

b) then the idea : increase my risk to reward ratio and reduce leverage. I can then trade with less lots, but the pips gained are more than 20 pips per trade. I can place larger stops if I want to, or don`t experience so much stress even if I get stopped out multiple times. This works !

Hope anyone can make sense out of that....

_____________

michael

--- 帖子 #381 ---
EURUSD - H4

Hi Nomask,

Very good strategy, thanks for sharing and keep it visual

I also use major lines as well as minor ones for intraday.

As for EU, I think we're @ important level atm (not very clear until further PA).

We'll see what we get next week...

Good trading to you all!

ant-

--- 帖子 #382 ---
Good morning everyone..

Here is something little bit off the method just to point out that anything/any price action on higher timeframes can be traded in lower timeframes with low risk entries.

Although I'm biased long on eu I just took a countertrade against my hindsight.

Be aware that countertrades not necessary for any system and they need a lot of exercise before actually trading them otherwise they can take all your profits especially when you over countertrade.

I always say that first you need to master on regular rules then exceptions..

As everybody knows that when there is price gap market tends to fill that gap first before heading to its main direction.

eu started with a big gap this week (I'm not a gap trader but price action) followed by a bearish candle on the weekly trend line.and then I had this 4hr inside bar signaling possible down move.

Best place to get in a trade of an inside bar is at its top (if you entering long its at its low)

So I dropped down to 5 min and observed the high of the inside bar and entered as I got a three bar reversal there..

I moved it to b.e and this is all I expected from it.

this is my favorite when I have positions at b.e in both directions as I have a higher chance of hitting bigger target.

--- 帖子 #383 ---
what I did with the latest countertrade example was that I pretend as a day trader or a gap trader during the journey, taking advantage of their first push down but not targeting their take profit level but something possibly a lot bigger.

But the gap traders took their profits and left the market to buyers.

Thats why my only sell position died at b.e.

When it made a close back above the lower line I was expecting my position stopped out at b.e.And thats what happened.

--- 帖子 #384 ---
Here is recap.

Hope it all sounds clear and easy to catch up.

--- 帖子 #385 ---
Thanks Nomask, all is clear. I will wait a bit before entering any position ( Mondays... ).

Yet again one can see clearly by zooming in on 5min ( to see the inside candle on the 4h ) that you were able to REDUCE risk....well done.

Good trading to all this week.

___________

michael

--- 帖子 #386 ---
Thanks Michael..

not so many good things happen on mondays and fridays just because they're usually "pullback days"..

most of the time they go opposite of main direction because of that pullback/retracement attitude.

However I try to treat the market same everyday as a result of k.i.s.s approach and the experience of you never know when it starts moving.

--- 帖子 #387 ---
Hi,

How do you view the current development happen in Japan affect the forex market. What extra confirmation do we need to monitor or take consideration when trading at this period of time. Thank you.

--- 帖子 #388 ---
I agree nomask. Mondays are pretty slow for me sometimes and fridays can be downright crazy..going in all kinds of directions.

--- 帖子 #389 ---
All I need in order to make my hindsight is one weekly candle at a major level.nothing extra needed.

Its just a direction I need to choose and I don't try to interpret market via fundamentals as I  simply trade the odds with low risk entries.

Some traders try to combine technical and fundamentals together.

To me its just too much and unnecessary.

Sure fundamentals is what drives the market along with mass psychology.  But you never know when and for which direction the market taking fundamentals into consideration.

I'm attaching a chart for a better visualizing that's similar to what I've seen years ago but can't find it anywhere anymore..

But it was used to support the theory of both technical and fundamentals should be taken into consideration but I believe in same chart while still claiming no need for fundamental analysis since we do not know how the market will react to fundamentals :nerd:

--- 帖子 #390 ---
Hi Nomask,

Just tuning in...and am learning a lot! Thank you!

As your bias is long and EU is at the 1.4 zone, I'm looking for a safe long entry. Could this also be an entry as per your method with the exception that I used Friday's Daily because it gave a bullish candle bouncing off the trendline? Normally I know we should be waiting for a Weekly signal before moving to the H4 but could this be a variation of your method?  Or should one wait for a Weekly signal before entering a long position?

Thanks for your comments!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #391 ---
Thanks a lot...We all learning from each other..

First of,I ignore the timeframes out of my favorite three (wk,4hr,5min)

Its more important to keep things simple and clear rather  than trying to combine or consider all timeframes when trading.

I think I left this subject little bit unclear when I said I'm biased long for eu.

In fact I'm biased long for my existent position from 1.35xx and I'm not biased long for the move from the 1.4 to 1.5 yet.

Why?

Because I don't have a price action at 1.4 signaling long yet.

So if you not holding a long position currently then you better wait to get a clear signal on 1.4 to be biased long.

that means I'd be looking for a new setup for a first entry in any direction if I didn't have my long position.

any long position you enter now would be dealing with the 1.4 of major line which is bad in terms of reward/risk ratio.We don't want that.

--- 帖子 #392 ---
Nomask,

Thanks for the clarification and setting me straight. You may have been clear but sometimes our minds make things more complicated it really is, it's crazy!

I look forward to the next long/short signal...and will be patient about it!

Thank you for sharing!

Much success to all!

--- 帖子 #393 ---
It looks like shame on me.

This chart looks like I would have liked when I posted preveiously. Except there is no added position of mine on it.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #394 ---
[quote=zoli;4473816]It looks like shame on me.

This chart looks like I would have liked when I posted preveiously. Except there is no added position of mine on it.

I've been quietly lurking & studying this thread with extreme interest. I was fortunate enough to catch that 50% retracement and bagged 100+ pips, which is huge by my standards. Hats off and huge thanks to Nomask for the thread and all those who contribute. This specific trade wasn't based on the concept of this thread, but that's what learning is all about I think - fitting it our personal traits. I look forward to earning the right to contribute in the future, but for now I'll watch & learn.

Thanks again Nomask.

--- 帖子 #395 ---
I know we wait for weekly to have a bias for pipeasy method, do you consider the previous weekly candle to be a hanging man therefore having a bearish formation? Also spicing it up a little more  daily also saying hanging man, anyway waiting for H4 to show way to trade

[IMG]http://s4.postimage.org/23y3w7fxg/no...ngman_week.jpg[/IMG]

[IMG]http://s4.postimage.org/23y77a4x0/no...ingman_day.jpg[/IMG]

--- 帖子 #396 ---
[quote=dmostpips;4473889]
thanks a lot.

so you'll be feeling 10x better than this as you catch your first +1000 pips

I don't expect anybody following the exact method of what I'm showing here but using this information/technique to develop their own trading method.

--- 帖子 #397 ---
to be honest I don't like hanging man formation.I think of them unreliable price action.

btw If I had to interpret that price action I'd say that its bullish to me (I know its considered a bearish price action but doesn't make sense to me).Because of the last rejection showing that sellers lost some power.But as I said I don't rely on it.

and I know its not exciting when you wait but this method has three periods of time.

1.attempting period

2.adding or growing profit period

3.waiting period

---

We're now in the 3rd period and It may sound its not the most exciting period but believe me its the most necessary period of the method.Its the period that saves your capital from sloppy entries and consolidations

--- 帖子 #398 ---
Thanks nomask

--- 帖子 #399 ---
Confirmation is needed for a hanging man to be a bearish pattern, and that is a further candle closing below the tail.

--- 帖子 #400 ---
Hoping for the week to END this way, hindsight will be long for next week.

--- 帖子 #401 ---
Good morning everybody.

Its been long since the first entry I made in this thread and now you guys can see the benefit of "waiting period".

Our main direction never turned down since we had no weekly signal as method requires.

That saved us from many bad entries and consolidation period.

As I said earlier this is a very important part of the method.

You have to protect your capital no matter if you already made a good profit.

if the current weekly closes as it is now then we'll have our setup candle signaling the move from 1.4 to 1.5 may start soon..

--- 帖子 #402 ---
I know we should not have traded, but my eyeballs say something bullish.  I took an early trade and it still running with about 130pips profit.  It did no rtrace on the 4hr to hit my but limit order(I had to step out so I had to set an oreder) so lets see what happens the remainder of the day and next week take care guys and thanks sooo much for making my trading life easier NOMASK.  Here is my chart

--- 帖子 #403 ---
Hi,

I think this indicator is ideal for this model of trade. Draw horizontal levels at round numbers 1.40 1.50 and divide in half the amount of pips - 1000 500 250 125 62 and 31. You can chose how many splits you want, from 1 splits till 6.

You can also divide the chart starting from the same round numbers,  from 10 to 10 pips for other types of trade. Can add many more things I thought when I read this thread.

I like this system cos is simpler. What is difficult is to respect the rules.

--- 帖子 #404 ---
what is your MA setting?

--- 帖子 #405 ---
Hi, Nomask. I’ve been lurking at FF for a while, reading lots of material. I started reading this thread last week. This looks like the method for me – easy to understand and execute, low risk on SL, and catching big moves on large TF. I’ve wanted to use the large TFs but haven’t figured out how without risking big SL. This method will give me confidence when I actually enter the trade.

Help me read it right please. EU just closed above 1.4 with a strong bullish candle. So this is the bullish signal to 1.5. So we now look at the 4HR chart.

4HR TF is in a strong bullish trend.

When the market opens we wait for the first 4HR candle to close. If that candle is bullish we go straight to 5M chart and look for entry.

If there is any retracement or consolidation in 4HR, watch fibs on 4HR, wait for price action to show bullish signal, then drop to 5M to and watch for entry.

Is this correct? Thanks for sharing your work!

--- 帖子 #406 ---
I'm only six pages into this thread and I must say it is by far the most eye opening thread I've read on forexfactory to date.

Keep up the good work and thanks so much Nomask!

Edit: Just finished the thread. Going back to re-read. I wish there was more than 28 pages!

--- 帖子 #407 ---
Hi Nomask & people here,

I've just discovered this great thread tonight. I'm posting some charts just to see if I've understood the right concepts.

EURUSD should be Long.

We must watch for a rejection in the grey area on 4H TF to go long. Isn't it?

AUDUSD ( I took this pair to see if the system works in other pairs too) should be SHORT.

We must watch for bouncing down in the grey area in 4H TF....right?

Please, let me know if I'm wrong.

Thanks for the great job!!

--- 帖子 #408 ---
Hi Aztrader2,

You have the idea of the NOMASK correct but will let NOMASK answer your questions as he understands the system best.

EURUSD long seems to be OK for coming week, and if you add confluence at the 61.8 FIbs should be good support, see your 4-hr EURUSD chart.

AUDUSD, if i were you i would be wary on this pair.  Personally i do not like the weekly bar especially that tail it made.  I do not feel we had a good close to warrant a possible short.  I am not saying it will not work, it might but that weekly close and tail worries me.

Cheers and happy trading.

--- 帖子 #409 ---
I have been watching this pair - closely

I am prepared to go long - when the weekly line of 1.0182 is breached

AGAIN

--- 帖子 #410 ---
Hi Danku,

thanks for your quick answer! Yes, we wait for the Boss to confirm

About the Aussie, I aggree that It doesn't seem ideal...but I'd like to know if we must consider the same as short weekly bias.

Another consideration is the zone in the left of the chart. Doesn't it seems as today?

@Wave Trader: The good and the bad thing of trading: 2 opposite interpretation of the same phenomenon...

BTW: The Triple Top is 161.8 extension of previous swing on weekly...

--- 帖子 #411 ---
Hello all and sorry for being away for some time..

I'll start reading posts and answer them as fast as I can..

stay tuned.

--- 帖子 #412 ---
you're welcome.I'm glad to hear you enjoying the thread

What I tried to explain in my previous posts is that there is a little difference between managing an existing position from 1.35 level and opening a new position around 1.4 level to target 1.5 level.

for example when I first entered at 1.3569 my first target was 1.4 level.

But "first target" does not necessarily mean you have to close out your position(s) once its hit.

You still need to analyse the market for its direction whether to exit or stay in.

If I had no position by the last week I would have waited for week to end before making my hindsight which is the first stage of entering a trade of the method..But for managing an existing long position you can always add more as long as there is a "good setup"

After hitting the 1.4 level I did not close my long because I had no weekly candle signaling possible move down.

But If I had more than one position I may have closed some of them at that level to let my capital grow.

--- 帖子 #413 ---
thank you for the indicator.(I can't believe I just said that for an indicator hate em all)

but seriously It seems handy.I think Ill use it.

Thanks again.

--- 帖子 #414 ---
I use 800SMA/200SMA/62EMA. If you know how to use them they are very powerful. I use these as a second thought. Remember price tells all. Along with this method I use elliott wave, and fibs to confirm and determine price as well.

--- 帖子 #415 ---
Hello AlienFrog

welcome to thread.

Thats pretty much of it..

you got it right.

--- 帖子 #416 ---
Thoughts on USDCHF? Weekly chart shows close above .9000 level after going as low as .8900. If I'm understanding correctly this wouldn't be a signal bar but if the next weekly bar was perhaps an inside bar that would be our signal bar. (I know inside bars are one of your less favorite patterns but if we had bullish engulfing that would take us quite far up.) I suppose a bullish pinbar closing around .915 would also make us believe we are heading up.

Sorry if my thoughts seem so scrambled, as my thoughts about the market have just been racing since discovering your thread.

--- 帖子 #417 ---
Thanks zusch.

I'm glad to hear that.

There will be more pages by the time but only "wash,rinse,repeat" of the first 20 pages

--- 帖子 #418 ---
Thank you aztrader.

sometimes price doesn't bounce back but most of the time it does.

among those two pairs ,eu seems better than au in terms of shape and close of the candle.

--- 帖子 #419 ---
Hello Danku I'm with you on that analysis and good catch on au..Its not my favorite by now.

--- 帖子 #420 ---
Hi nomask

What is your setup for EU for the week and levels to watch for PA?

--- 帖子 #421 ---
The EUR/USD looks good to go long in opinon but according to the method(also how much time you have) I would wait for the confirmation on the 4hr then move to the  5min to look for a better R:R and to have a close stop.  I would be careful on the multiplying your risk as AUD/USD tends to move in the same direction in most cases.  In knowing this If you have contradicting stories sometimes it cloud your judgement on which is the best trade to take.  At this point I would not look at A/U as it is not telling a story about its true direction at the moment.  I would focus on what you do know which is a potential long on the E/U this week.  Keep it simple.  If the story doesn't make sense move on.  Your account and sanity will thank you for it.

Finally note: If this method produce an avergae of 250-500 per month(doesn't happen for everyone) why do and look at anything else.  That is what I have learned over my 6 years in this biz.  I wanted to show everyone how smart I was but my results didn't show it. Make pips and balance your life with it.  Good luck this week!  Let's help each other acheieve more

--- 帖子 #422 ---
So we have our old position at 1.3569 running around 600 pips by now..

This position opened with stop loss of less than 10 pips.

So this is possible, achievable to reach 1000 pips by risking less than 10 pips.

So why should I let the market take too much of my hard earned pips for one single trade where I can make it work with very small stops .

here is the plan for the next week..

same stuff

very simple

nothing fancy

--- 帖子 #423 ---
Hi nomask

Do you consider yen pairs weekly candles as being suitable setups?

they all have the same shape as the attached UJ weekly

--- 帖子 #424 ---
to me its not the great shape for a pinbar and to be honest I get extra picky if  I want to trade another pair other than eu.

I'm more comfortable/familiar with the current eu setup so I'll spend my time and money on it.

--- 帖子 #425 ---
Hey howard,

Nice chart you have there.  With what is currently happening in Japan, i would stay off Yen pairs right now.

Also, i have looked at Yen pairs and how they respond to this trading style and i did not like what i saw....just my personal observation....cheers......

--- 帖子 #426 ---
Nomask, thanks for the confirmation, I'll be watching! http://www.forexfactory.com/images/icons/icon7.gif

--- 帖子 #427 ---
Hey there Nomask.  This definitly isn't my trading style of choice personally but I wanted to post in your thread to let any others reading know that this is a very top notch method of trading.  It may not be fore me because of my own personal preference but for anyone else, if you can understand it (you should be able to, it's a pretty darned simple concept) and it appeals to you, you should jump on this type of trading.

As an added bit of credibility, in my skimming of the thread I didn't see anyone refer to this term but "constant lines" have been around almost as long as charts have been.  Before all of the fancy indicators that came along like MACD, EMAs, Parabolic SARs and so on, traders used trend lines and constant lines almost exclusively.  If you're looking for a time tested method, I don't think they get any older and more reliable than this.

THUMBS UP!!

Cheers

--- 帖子 #428 ---
thanks wacky canuck.

I agree with you about these lines -round,major,constant..etc whatever they called- as old as market itself since they're the entry and the target levels of big capital holders..

Its like if you have 5 figure bank account you start ignoring cents and

for a 6 figure capital you ignore 1 figure dollars...etc.

We're trying to swim with the sharks in the same water.We're not getting in their way but just watching where they're heading.

Thats the very reason I wait for one weekly candle before taking any action.

that weekly candle represents the direction of the sharks where they're heading (most likely).

we are being smaller fish with smaller mouths (lot size) compared to sharks (banks,fund managers,big-fat guys)

Here I want to show a different set of timeframes that I don't use but might be used by some if interested.

The reason i don't use it is you get very rare signal as a result of the size of the levels and timeframes.

this is a set of monthly-daily-hourly on a 5000 pips apart levels.

same concept.

you get your monthly signal then daily then entry on hourly.

example on the attached charts.

--- 帖子 #429 ---
So now that you up 1000 pips when and where does one take profit? Since we are at break-even, does one wait for the market to reverse or fall back under a major line?

This is a wonderful method, thanks

--- 帖子 #430 ---
so great thread!

just wanna know if the pa doesnt appear the expecting zone,how do you catch it?

--- 帖子 #431 ---
I'd like to make a prediction on how Nomask would answer this question...I believe he would tell you to wait patiently for the next setup for low risk entry.

--- 帖子 #432 ---
I've got a question for you myself Nomask. Take todays price action as an example...(I've attached my four hour chart).

Do you leave your Fib exactly where I have it now all week and wait for PA to come back into your Fib zones? Or will you move, in this case the upper limit of your Fib, to the most recent swing high and wait for PA to come back to your new Fib zones.

For instance I've shown this on my second four hour chart...

I also have the same exact question regarding the 5 min chart. But I suppose the same principle applies to moving Fibs on 5 min chart for signal candles on four hour chart.

--- 帖子 #433 ---
I agree with you, Zusch - Nomask will say "be patient." I just KNOW he's going to be right, too. But I have a similar question as debaff had: what if price keeps going north and doesn't retrace? I don't want to miss the move.

So I decided to look for an entry now, and use Nomask's method to enter.

The 4H chart ranged for the first few bars this morning, then a bullish bar broke the previous weekly high. Only the wick broke (I'm on EST), but it was still a break, so I took that as the 4H p.a.

I dropped to 5M and watched for p.a. I got 2 entries and used a 10 pip SL. There were a couple more, but I can't stay glued to the screen all day. Using Nomask's method I moved my stop to BE asap after entry. Oanda's spread on EU is 1.6 pips so that's not hard.

Both trades moved up a bit then stopped out at b.e. BUT 1) I didn't lose any money, and 2) if price had kept moving north I would be in the trade.

I am still waiting for a retracement and p.a. per Nomask's method, but I was willing to spend 10 pips in case it doesn't retrace. It was a low-risk strategy and the only think I lost was some screen time.

Right now EU is ranging on the 5M (topping out?). I'll look at it again tomorrow morning but I won't have much time the rest of the week so I'll end up "waiting and being patient."

--- 帖子 #434 ---
here
http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...&postcount=423

--- 帖子 #435 ---
hello sheraad.

Taking profit is up to you after you hit the +1000 pips level..

but what I try to do is being in the market with opposite positions (at least 2) all the time while I close some of my smaller positions at round numbers and upon opposite price actions.

currently I have only one long from 1.3569 but It could've been more than that if I was not too busy with some other things in the past weeks.

anyway,lets say I had 5 long positions between 1.35-1.37 levels.

I'd have closes smallest one once we hit 1.4 level to cover all my losing attempts and add some profit on my previous capital level...

close two of them once we got a bearish weekly signal.

close one of them weekly signal confirmed and gave us a bearish entry worked.

and I'd have held my first and largest position to the end until price stops me out at break even.

Thats how I'd like to do..

But its all good if you close all of them at next major line..

Remember either way you're in profit big time.

--- 帖子 #436 ---
good question

good guess but I have one more thing to clarify..

check out the chart...

If you miss or don't get your p.a where you expect then use your adding zones(logic) upon next price actions on 4hr to get on the boat..

--- 帖子 #437 ---
Yes I move it to the new highs/lows...

chart attached

--- 帖子 #438 ---
If you remember earlier in the thread I took a 4hr candle as a setup candle wich made just a close (not a pure price action) above the previous weeks high..

Thats the reason to catch in case its a straight bold up weekly candle.

Once you biased long on the weekly

you place your fib on it but if you get an instant close above the high of the setup week then you place your fib on the 4hr and watch it in 5 min.

Because sometimes you'll get weekly candles that don't retrace but keep moving forward.

This is the way of catching them.

--- 帖子 #439 ---
I was not going to unfold this entry as I think we still need one more proper setup of the method and then we can go into such aggressive entries.

But since this subject came up already.

Here is how I took this entries.

If it causes any confusion you can forget about this entry for now.

--- 帖子 #440 ---
and here is the last minute update..

--- 帖子 #441 ---
no good momentum..

very choppy 5 min chart.

not trading it unless it gives out something very obvious and low risk.

--- 帖子 #442 ---
Hi Nomask,

Thanks for publishing your method of trading which I think is a very sensible approach.

I have a couple of questions (apologies if I have missed your earlier answers to these)

Roughly, how many entries do you make per week on EUR/USD?

I notice that you only post observations on EUR/USD but do you trade any other markets with this method?

Thanks,

Paul

--- 帖子 #443 ---
I get 1-2 signal per week on 4hr basis..

But in terms of entry its about 4 entries a week.mostly they die at b.e

I check other pairs weekly but only trade eu these days because I don't have enough time to observe other pairs..

My favorite pair is eu and its been giving me enough opportunities.

Honestly most of the time I don't even bother myself whats happening on other pairs.

Because I'm already watching and trading the most popular pair in the world..

--- 帖子 #444 ---
Thanks for your reply. I only ask about the number of entries because I know you trade with low leverage and I guess you are in it for the long term building your account slowly. You wont be overtaking Warren Buffet's account any time soon

--- 帖子 #445 ---
haha.

I don't think that either.But I'm trying something way harder than he succeeded.

by the way eu made my decision right about not trading it..Its just been ranging but going nowhere since my last post..

--- 帖子 #446 ---
Looks like it's finally starting to break down..eu that is.

--- 帖子 #447 ---
Just one question to ask, how do you see there is a good momentum?

From what I see on the chart, it looks alright and it is in uptrend. It is moving up after testing the fib 38.2% level.

I entered buy when it broke and closed above the high (at 0%) and the position is now closed with 20 pips loss.

--- 帖子 #448 ---
Am I on the right track that this could be an opportune time to take a counter trend trade? We are after all near weekly supply and weekly trendline. Four hour candle closes in 50 minutes for me and looks to be a convincing down move.

Edit: I'm aware it is currently against our hindsight but it you've got to think their is some downward pressure and who knows this could always be the start of a larger trend. So would it be wise to take a low risk entry and hopefully get my stop to BE and then let the market prove me wrong?

I think I will at least work on my entries on SIM with this opportunity.

Edit: Bar ended up forming more like a pinbar than I like to see even though the body was red. I suppose we could still go further but I'm not convinced of direction yet.

--- 帖子 #449 ---
When the price hesitates breaking a level ,usually there is no good momentum following it.

chart's attached.

--- 帖子 #450 ---
Counter trading is fine only if you can do it in a very disciplined way.If you tent to over trade I don't recommend counter trading.

most of the time its just unnecessary.But I do counter trade sometimes since its the only exciting thing I can do with this method

--- 帖子 #451 ---
I can see that you based on the upper lines drawn to determine if you should enter long position or not. If the price break it with strong momentum, then you will enter.

However, I don't quite understand on what basis you draw the two lines on the 4hr chart. Are they fib level or S/R lines?

Apart from that, I hereby attached my chart and I have also included my interpretation on the price action. I will be deeply appreciated if you could take a look and give comment so that I know if I'm on the right track.

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #452 ---
hi liangko,

Good questions.  Just by looking at the two lines, the upper is resistance which Nomask must have been waiting to see a break above it then look for PA and make another long entry.  The bottom line however puzzles me a little but if i look at this line as an area/zone and not just a line, i suspect Nomask must have been waiting for a bounce off the second lower line to maybe make another long entry....so you are right they are S / R Lines.  Lets also wait for Nomask to respond.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #453 ---
Hi nomask (and all guys here as well ),

first of all I want to thank you for publishing  this thread and sharing your approach, this is the thread I would rate very very high :-)

I would like to bring smth interesting to your method, I think it can really multiple your profits, if applied correctly. Please check these links (threads) if you have some time, I think at least it's worth to test it w/ your method of catching trend.

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=226059
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=239717
http://sites.google.com/site/prof7bit/snowball

Shortly: it's manual trading tool called snowball and it's adding positions as trend continues ... I'm testing it for some time and it's really gem. Now I see strong potential, since I have found your thread nomask.

Green pips to all of you guys )

Cheers

--- 帖子 #454 ---
few posts ago I mentioned about the possibility of this week being a straight bold up candle due to the last week's shape and strong close above 1.4 level..

Sometimes we get strong weekly candles with momentum behind it.

For this type of weeks, first one or two days of the week are the only times we can enter at a nice location.

I just tried to play very simple breakout candles at minor s/r levels.

another thing for the lower line is that although I defined it as a minor s/r level Its also opening level of the weekly candle which price respects that so many times.

--- 帖子 #455 ---
hello lian.

on your chart,first breakout candle seemed okay but if it did not move for the next 4hr you should've  started thinking to close it early and second one was not a engulfing candle its got very small body and still stayed within the consolidation.

and 20 pips fixed stop sounds big to me.I rarely let market to hit 10 pips of stop

--- 帖子 #456 ---
Thanks for your reply and comment.

Now I understand how you come out with the 2 lines drawn.

Based on your reply to Zusch in few posts earlier, you mentioned that you will move the fib level to new high. Therefore, the lower line is the high of the last week candle and it is now serve as support level. Whereas the upper line is the new high achieved in this week and serve as resistence level. Is it correct?

So my questions are as follows:

1) Why move the fib to new highs? Isn't that we enter long when we see the price broke and closed above last week's high?

2) I thought the fib drawn on 4hr tf narrowed down from last week's bullish candle signal will be fixed as it is? In what circumstances we need to move the fib to new highs?

3) If the price now soar higher than the new highs that we have set, do we need to move the fibs to new highs again?

Sorry for the lenghty post and question asked, as I'm keen to learn your approach and hope that I can avoid unnecessary sloppy entries next time.

Thanks again.

--- 帖子 #457 ---
correct.

1.& 2. it is just something you can't ignore if market is moving and making new highs/lows out of your weekly candle that you placed your fibs and started watching on 4hr t.f.

people love to cover most recent highs/lows thats pretty much of why I move fib to the new hi/lo points.

3.Yes we do need to  move it to the new highs and mark the previous minor s/r levels in case there is p.a or reentry opportunities

btw..all two positions died at b.e from this week..old position is still on

--- 帖子 #458 ---
Hello Nomask,

I was a silent lurker in the Millipede thread for the past couple of months and found your additions to the thread to be invaluable. I appreciate all that you've done here as well and my results from following this thread have been instrumental in my gaining the courage to signing up for my first live account. I was hoping that you could shine light on one thing I've been thinking about lately with this method, however.

I remember Graeme said that only less than 5% of his hundreds of entries made it to the "final door of profits". With a .02% risk and a very small stop loss, couldn't we afford to take "other" entries besides engulfing candles on the fibs of the 4 hour and double tops/bottoms? (eg. 1-2-3 setups, pennants, flying buddhas) Are we placing/stacking enough entries to see the kind of returns that are capable with a method such as this?

I'm pretty new to all of this so I'm just trying to wrap my head around it. I can see how this method requires extreme discipline and because of this I am sure that your ideas will produce some profitable traders. I am looking forward to more of your wisdom in this thread. Thank you again for everything.

Warm regards,

Jason

--- 帖子 #459 ---
Thank you very much Nomask for your help and exellent trade method! I am impressed.

--- 帖子 #460 ---
Do you mind posting a chart for the two BE positions?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #461 ---
posted earlier
http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...&postcount=440

--- 帖子 #462 ---
Hi to all,

Just went long on EU, hoping this is the right move!!

Price bounced from 31.8 FIB of last week. (And bounced right on 60 EMA of 4h TF, see red line...)

Took 20 pips on first half (so...I can't loose......) & setted the second half SL to -10 pips hoping to ride it for the 1000's

I wish to tank Nomask for the good job!!

Aztrader2

--- 帖子 #463 ---
Hi Nomask,

How do you consider this week's progress. How are you taking action? Do you think it will go up or reverse below 1,4000s?

Thank you

--- 帖子 #464 ---
Hi,

Just want to know you entered in what price?

I went long as well based on the 4hr chart as the price bounced off on 50% fib level.

However, will watch closely when it reach close to the minor resistance level I marked earlier. Any sign of low momentum I might consider to close. If strong momentum I will consider to add position.

--- 帖子 #465 ---
good luck with your long.

I took a long trade on eu as per method.

charts attached.

--- 帖子 #466 ---
Yes, I went long because it bounced from 38.2 of last week & 50 of the total movement from last week.

--- 帖子 #467 ---
Hi nomask,

I went long a little earlier, because of the bounce on fibs levels (38.2 of last week & 50 of total movement from last week). It was a good entry, but, then I made a mistake with the cavemanager EA, wich closed my position, so I had to enter again exactly were you entered...

--- 帖子 #468 ---
Hi Nomask and everyone!

Thank you for this great method and support and getting us to the 5% circle...

Attached is an indicator (but a helpful one...) that will draw vertical lines for the M5 chart to show the 4 hr periods. It's currently setup to place a dash vertical line on the 4,8,12,16,20 hour. Use the period separator to get the vertical line at 0 hour. Hope it's helpful!

Good luck to all!

--- 帖子 #469 ---
Thanks a lot
First off all thank you for your compliments.
Graeme had very impressive and different way of trading compared to most retail traders.
I say he's more aggressive than me and he stacks aggressively whereas I need a new story (at least on 5min) to open/add new position.
This is just the way I feel more comfortable.
My trading based on the price actions of fibs,dt,db,pinbar and engulfing bars.
by trading only one of them I'd get enough opportunity to trade though.
flying budha is not my favorite I don't find it reliable.
I did go over almost every stuff available in forums,books available to trade profitably.I mean elliots,indicators,pivots,ma's,channells,trend lines.....etc
after squeezing all those fruits that’s the juice remained to drink.
I now there is not so many trading actions but believe me what you don’t do with this method is “overtrading” but showing up and taking action when there is a move.
I’m still holding the old position at 1.3569 from weeks ago.I know it will be remained unrealized until I close it but that doesn’t change the fact its up 500 plus pips by now.
May be I spent at most 20 pips to establish this position.
500 pips is 10 percent of my capital.So only one position in 5 weeks equal to 10% of my capital.Its not a lot and I remember like doubling my account in 4 weeks at the time of I was demo trading.It just kept giving me signals every other day.You never know how much market willing to pay you
After I took my first trade at 1.35xx there were more that I missed just because of my other works.
Its just part of the life. You can not catch every single opportunity in it.

--- 帖子 #470 ---
Thats very handy..thanks a lot.

--- 帖子 #471 ---
Sorry guys I keep missing some posts to reply..

Thanks to everybody again.

--- 帖子 #472 ---
Second position opened.

they all moved to b.e

--- 帖子 #473 ---
Totally agreed with what you mentioned. Your entry approach is indeed low risk entry where we only enter into market when there is strong momentum. I find it more sensible and meaningful, and of course alot less stressful than using indicator.

I have actually checked out Graeme's thread before this thread is opened. From there, I understand that we have to respect the main long term trend and go with the flow. But I just couldn't figure out and find it extremely difficult to enter the market with low risk (tight SL for just few pips).

It is until after reading your thread, I able to understand the importance of major line and how we enter into market with low risk with the reference to weekly, 4hr and 5 mins charts.

I deeply appreciate your effort in setting this thread and thank you very much for your valuable teaching and guidance.

I will closely follow this thread and share my trading thought with you guys.

Thanks agian!

--- 帖子 #474 ---
Thank you for your detailed reply. It's funny because everything you just posted was just proven in the last four hours. We spent 2 days sitting and waiting for EUR/USD to retrace to the 50% level on the 4 hour chart, but now that we have our signal, the price shot up considerably. Congrats on your two new BE positions. I hope PA continues to move northward to 1.5. I just made a deposit to my broker so I'm looking forward to trading this strategy live when the check clears.

Thanks again

--- 帖子 #475 ---
thanks liangko.

I know.its weird ,eh?

When I first started this thread I was thinking like oh man there was too much stuff to cover but not enough time of me.

but then here I get that first signal right after starting the thread made my life and this thread a lot easier...

--- 帖子 #476 ---
You guys in Europe get to trade during the day!   I'm in EST and missed those moves.

Also I waited for the 4H candle to close at 8am EST. I guess that is following the method a little too strictly, but that's ok. I'll wait for p.a. on the 5M now, it's bound to come. If it does, I'm still in at a good price. If it doesn't, that means it went back to BE and we wait for the next PA on 4H. Patience, right? I'm learning...

Just bounced off the 1.4150 again...

--- 帖子 #477 ---
Totally agree! I tried to jump in the first 4H candle of the week, and Nomask posted saying looking for retracement and PA right about where price is now.

I placed a couple of trades on the 5M trying to enter over the last week, but they got stopped at BE - which is ok because I didn't lose money following this entry method! For me this method of 5M entry and moving SL to BE right away, I truly believe I've conquered the #1 trading rule: preserve capital!

I may trade other methods in addition to Nomask's, but I tell you for certain that I will NEVER again trade with a 50 pip SL!

Nomask, thank you again!

--- 帖子 #478 ---
you're welcome alienfrog.

I sometimes see nice movements happened in my bedtime as well(probably your daytime) .

But you're right about that this pair makes most of its movement during the european time.

btw my latest position died at b.e...looking to see if anything interesting I get on my newly started 4hr candle

--- 帖子 #479 ---
both positions died at b.e

--- 帖子 #480 ---
one more try.

--- 帖子 #481 ---
Took long entry. Hopefully my patience will pay off!

Edit: Good to know I'm taking the same setups...once again, thanks for your help Nomask!

--- 帖子 #482 ---
good to know there is more buys

your patience will pay you off sooner or later..

If its not now it will be another time eventually.

Its just a matter of time.

--- 帖子 #483 ---
slowed down...

here is an update..set my visual stop

--- 帖子 #484 ---
My position also died at BE. And when I open my platform. The price already goes up quiet high.

I'm not sure whether the options in my mind is now is feasible or not. They are:

1. To wait for the price retrace to 23.6% or 38.2% and look for P.A to enter again?

2. To wait for the price to break through 0% only enter again?

What is your thought nomask?

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #485 ---
I'll tell you what I've done (not claiming I'm %100 correct.its just my way of trade management)

I closed my position with -0.5 pips loss as it moved back to my entry.

Why?Because I gave the market enough chance to prove itself.

I made three entries at good locations but not played well.

If it doesn't know where to go then I'm not riding with it.

Its that simple.And I don't really care if it shoots up 100 pips now.

I did my job good.

--- 帖子 #486 ---
just visualizing my latest post..

--- 帖子 #487 ---
I'm long at nearly same price as you no mask.  Up almost 20 pips.  Moving to BE.  Thanks for a great method of trading!

--- 帖子 #488 ---
man I love how this pair just playing right after I talk

not hundred pips though

--- 帖子 #489 ---
I managed to hold my position. I was waiting for a close below 4118 with hard stop at 4105. Now time to sit back and let my position grow.

--- 帖子 #490 ---
Funny thing once I moved to breakeven I was going to post the same chart. Full confirmation will be the open above 800 MA. Lets see what happens. also breakeven in this biz will keep you in it so if someone breaks even WHO CARES. The goal is to not lose money to fight another day. I am okay with breakeven until the market really moves in my favor.  My other chart shows I have been in a position  since last week

--- 帖子 #491 ---
exactly.Let the market do its job..

you guys go ahead without me..

Today it just didn't want to pay me off.

--- 帖子 #492 ---
Just to share with you guys.

I entered after it bounced off from 23.6% fib level.

Update as follows:

--- 帖子 #493 ---
congratz.

although I don't use that fib level...

"don't hesitate do participate"

--- 帖子 #494 ---
Here is the chart

--- 帖子 #495 ---
I played the break of the double top and got in at 1.4151. So far so good!

--- 帖子 #496 ---
I bet it looks even better than this if you look at your entries on the weekly chart

--- 帖子 #497 ---
It took me all morning to get this entry and there might be another coming on the next bull candle of the 4hr, (in about 63mins)but I don't any more time left.  So good luck guys/gals.  I am done for a few hours have to go out of town for a few hours.  We have visitors from Michigan(lost against duke) dam.  ha ha.  Happy Pippin' Folks

--- 帖子 #498 ---
this chart goes to who ever successfully entered long on eu...

you passed the first level and managed to build a position.

now its time to manage your trade.

--- 帖子 #499 ---
This is right on. been watching, been waiting for your chart.

Beauty

--- 帖子 #500 ---
Sorry but just curious to ask why the dotted level (1.41235) will be the good entry point?

I checked to price movement in the past in the chart but I'm not quite understand why you would say that it is a good entry level.

Sorry again for my many questions asked.

--- 帖子 #501 ---
You are near the tip of the down wick of a weekly candle in a bullish run up, safest place to be if you want to avoid the following weekly candle retrace down before it resumes the bullish run....if it does.

--- 帖子 #502 ---
Oh ic. Thanks for your explanation.

--- 帖子 #503 ---
well said.thx mate

--- 帖子 #504 ---
You got it nomask. Excellent work with this thread. As far as I can see if you phased out of your professional duties into full time trading and incorporate just a few more pairs for opportunity and diversification you should be able to live very comfortably. Hope you get there.....it's where we all strive to be.

--- 帖子 #505 ---
Good stack opportunity? I just took another long entry. I suppose this one has a low survival rate even if I can move to B/E.

I'm not sure if I'm looking too hard for setups because I don't want to fall victim to overtrading.

--- 帖子 #506 ---
made two trades today; one in the london session and another in the US and made a total of 130pips. They were both touch and go using weekly fib on the 15mins tf. The first SL was 20pips and the second was just 10.

The unique thing was that at no point was the draw-down over 10pips b4 price went north.

By far the most i've made trading intraday, thank you.

--- 帖子 #507 ---
Long at 1.41318 and 1.41596.  BE at both  trades.

--- 帖子 #508 ---
Thanks Deep for your nice words...wish same for you and everyone.

If you think you might be looking too hard for setups most of the time you're right about your feeling..

We are looking for entries that make us thinking "such obvious setup there is,everybody must've seen this".

If its not making you feeling,thinking this way most probably you looking too hard.

--- 帖子 #509 ---
well done with the first step.Soon you'll realise that the positions you thought of intraday trading would have turned out plus 1000 pips If you let them grow.

But no rush, you'll get there eventually.

--- 帖子 #510 ---
keep participating Winston.

Sooner or later It will work out the way you expected.

b.e trades are successfull  ones.Because that means market at least doesn't want you to loose.

--- 帖子 #511 ---
The EURUSD has another sudden drop again. And it is getting close to my entry price.

Just want to ask you guys opinion, will you guys close the position to grap some profit when you see such P.A, instead of letting it died at B.E?

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #512 ---
I never close for a small profit.."do it or die at b.e"

my position from 1.3569 is still at the break even level.

I did not even trail it one single pip.

--- 帖子 #513 ---
Now I understand how difficult and frustrated to overcome the emotional hurdle we gonna face by using this strategy. It is definitely not feeling good when you see your position built died at B.E or loss.

However, I will keep telling myself to stick to the principle, "do it or die at b.e".

Thanks for your advice nomask.

Edit: My position just died at b.e at the current drop in the pair. Looking forward for any good entry again in next week.

--- 帖子 #514 ---
Things will get even worse than this in the future in terms of emotional hurdle.

Probably you'll be mad at me (say not good things) once your first 200+ pip-profit position dies at b.e.

But If you can pass this stage I can assure you that the feeling of regret will be replaced with confidence as you close your +1000 pips position.

And your trading style will be changed for good.

--- 帖子 #515 ---
below chart is a good example of that how important the very first candle after the setup candle which has our entries in is.

It has higher chance of survival than any other candles.

by buying yesterday and holding your positions up to today you are now watching the fight that happening between bulls and bears from a very safe zone that makes you immortal in this battle.

very simple,yet powerful way of trading.

--- 帖子 #516 ---
Hi,

Strange, i have a live account and your 4H chart is different from mine.

What is your broker ?

--- 帖子 #517 ---
my live account is different than the chart I posted as well...

Its for fxdd-malta for charting purposes.

--- 帖子 #518 ---
Hi Folks, looking at the wave it looks like there might not be much stream in this baby this week.  Its also friday so there may be big sell off  because of people cashing in before the weekend, so if you're not at break even with your positions I would advise you not to take any positions until next week.  My thought since it is having a hard time breaking the 4190 level we might be looking at shorts next week.  You never know. Happy Friday!

--- 帖子 #519 ---
Nomask, I have a question for you. Just wondering why did you move the lower end of your fib up to the next swing low, instead of leaving it where it was?
http://www.forexfactory.com/C:%5CDoc...ts%5Cchart.jpg

--- 帖子 #520 ---
Because I play single weekly candles..

That would be playing two weekly candles if I left it where it was..

one wkly candle-----)one 4hr candle-----)5min.

--- 帖子 #521 ---
Its been 5 weeks since I started this thread.

Now its time to recap..

From time to time I look back and study charts If i was able to capture all the nice price actions and how I played them.

In the attached charts you'll see some price actions that could've been survived up today.

So If I was able to play all of them.

now I could have 4 positions equaling to around 1000 pips.

This is not a lesson of what I missed but training myself to make me a better trader for the future.

I suggest everyone to do it once in a while.what did you do good or bad why did yo do them.ask yourself find your answers.

was the reason you were overtrading or got scared of losing all your pips?

try to find your weak sides and make them stronger by facing.

don't ignore your mistakes.

--- 帖子 #522 ---
last chart

--- 帖子 #523 ---
nomask, thanks for the recap. Have a nice weekend. My one and only one position is living it. Let's see how it goes next week.

Have a nice weekend all.

Leelar

--- 帖子 #524 ---
Thanks nomask for the recap. Lets forget about what we have missed and I have missed a lot this week.

We just need to learn from what we have missed

Wishing everyone bucket loads of pips next week

--- 帖子 #525 ---
Thanks Nomask for the recap

--- 帖子 #526 ---
Checking in at the end of the week after that disastrous finish to the week lol. I was rudely awaken to see I was stopped out at B/E. But hey, first time can't be a home run can it?  Thanks for sharing more charts Nomask. Really helping me with the repetition! I'd like to post my analysis for next week so I can compare what you will hopefully be posting at some point over the weekend.

I've attached my chart for a different timezones reference...

Our hindsight is still biased to the long side correct? We had an unexpected week this week in most of our eyes (but that happens in Fx). However we did not penetrate 1.4. If anything it seems reasonable to see a true retest of 1.4 early in the week given that large momentum on 240 minute chart. However if the .4050 somehow holds and we see a bullish 240 candle we are still going long.

Also I'm assuming that if our bias to the long side is still in tact our current Fib is also still valid.

Edit: Also wanted to point out how strong AUDUSD looks after breaking through that 1.0 level although still not out of this range completely. Fourth time a charm? lol.

--- 帖子 #527 ---
you`re correct with your analysis.

still biased long and we might enter long after a new p.a on 4hr(test of latest support would be nice around 1.40xx

--- 帖子 #528 ---
for your analysis.

I know you monitor eurusd, but I wonder what your take is on gbpusd now that it is around 1.6000

Thanks very much.

--- 帖子 #529 ---
I'll take a crack pure price since I follow g/u too.  As long as weekly chart is above 1.6000 we would still be looking for longs.  However as I write this price action is testing the 1.6000.  We need to wait for a 4 hour candle close.  If closes below 1.6000 then I will be standing aside. If it manages to close above bullishly then longs are still in order.

--- 帖子 #530 ---
Great , thanks Winston

--- 帖子 #531 ---
No mask, let's say that on a hypothetical pair we have been biased short.  Price action has successfully moved down to the next major line.  There it pierces but on weekly closes above that line.  Would you now be biased long?

--- 帖子 #532 ---
Depends on the shape of the weekly candle.

But If I had more than one positions ,I'd have closed some of them after the scneario you mentioned but not biased long yet.

We need a bullish price action to switch our hindsight.

Only exception is pinbars.Because after touching a major line if it makes a pinbar, price could've already moved couple hundred pips if we wanted to wait futher confirmation on the weekly t.f.

for the current gu setup.

To be honest I'd like to see an initial retracement on this pair before breaking that major line.

Because most of the time volatile moves happen after either a prolonged period of consolidation or some retracement.

not a first class setup but still worth to try a short

charts attached.

--- 帖子 #533 ---
as some of you already watching g.u...

here is the continuation of my last post about it.

--- 帖子 #534 ---
So keep that in mind.

If the price not moving to your direction, jus leave it until it starts following your direction.

lets say You set a stop at 100 pips away for regular long term trading methods but If price not moving for you now how can you be so sure that it would start doing it in the next 5,10,50 mins or whatever it is.

When it moves in our favor we hurry to move it to b.e..

Why is that?

very same reason,there is no guarantee that it would not start moving against us in the nex couple seconds.

this is called "cut your losses short"which everybody speaks of but not everybody knows how to do it.

--- 帖子 #535 ---
Thanks no mask.  Encouraging words of wisdom.

--- 帖子 #536 ---
OK not to be labor but I really want to get this right.  If you are biased short and price has travelled from one major line and is now down to the next major line and it closes below on the weekly then do you still need to wait for a retrace on the 4 hour chart or can you just look at 4 hour candles and look for retrace on the 5 minute?  Seems to me you should just keep playing the short bias and look for entries from the 4 hour down to the 5 minute.  Appreciate your patience no mask and this thread is truly awesome.

--- 帖子 #537 ---
I guess you're asking this question after looking at my charts about gu..

Thats what makes this currency pair not preferable to trade at this moment.(I called it 2nd class setup)

As you said in your post we do not have a weekly candle made a close below yet but a good looking 4hr candle.in order to biased short of this pair As per method you should wait until you get a good looking weekly candle making a close below the major line.4hr alone is not enough to make hindsight *its always weekly candle"

Since its not the case for now we should not trade it.

having said that we might still want to try to short it IF there is a really good looking setup with tiny risk expecting this week candle to be a bold down candle.You would spend 5-10 pips to find it out but if it works than you'd be mayb couple hundred pips earlier in that move..

Again.

Anything I say out of the method is not essential and half the time not worthy.

We follow the rules and master on our method then we can proceed to exceptional trades that are more exciting than regular ones

--- 帖子 #538 ---
above post updated with this chart.

on the 5min it tried to fool you 3 times..more it trys to fool us less we should consider it trading.
We are looking only for descent and honest moves

--- 帖子 #539 ---
one more important thing.

If you familiar with Graeme's method "building millipede" he was more aggresive than me in terms of entries.

He doesn't look for price actions and confirmations on 5min as much as I do.

I do respect his way and really impressed with his results.

But I would not apply this approach to my trading style since I feel like I am wasting too many of my bullets and having no bullet when there is a prey easy to hunt with only one bullet.

Being picky with entries not only give you low risk trades but also keeping your gun loaded all the time.

It'll cost you missing some big preys from time to time but its better than being desperate all the time.

--- 帖子 #540 ---
True true. I think I have been impatient already after few BE and loss incurred last week.

I made several mistake in this pair in this evening as I was too rushy to enter aggressively. This lead to 2 loss trades.

--- 帖子 #541 ---
This is my first trade of the week.

I just wante to test the water with little entry although it was not a very obvious and clear setup but remember I'm still biased long and easy with the entries in the direction of my hindsight as long as they require little stops.

and also my 4hr setup candle was signaling a fakeout of the previous support with its shape and close.

--- 帖子 #542 ---
looking at the current position...

--- 帖子 #543 ---
Seems I've arrived late on the scene. However I will wait for this 4 hour bar to close and then look for setups around the Fibs of this bullish 4 hour bar. I would have never really gotten confirmation of a bullish move according to my chart. Interesting to me to compare our chart but over time its all relative correct? Over time I will get signals before you and you will get signals before me. Right?

I've also been reading pipEasy's thread the last week or so and I find it very helpful. I've been comparing both your methods and did notice he is very aggressive. Your method is prob better for newer traders like me and perhaps with time and experience I can add some more entry strategies but for now I'm happy with where I'm at.

--- 帖子 #544 ---
Correct.Sometimes you'll be earlier than me.

--- 帖子 #545 ---
I entered on the long engulfing candle about 5-6 candles before your entry.  Currently with SL at BE and about +45 pips. Is there any reason you  didn't enter on this candle? It engulfed quite a few of the down candles  after a fakeout on the 5m below the 0% fib line.

--- 帖子 #546 ---
Took long at green line. Bullish engulfing, area of support, near bottom of bull flag trendline, and near 38.2 Fib.

Wish me luck!

--- 帖子 #547 ---
I'm not sure which candle you're referring to but 5-6 candles ago 4hr candle was not completed.I wait 4hr setup candle to be completed before zooming in 5 min t.f

--- 帖子 #548 ---
I didn't take this one on purpose.I didn't like the location of it.But I hope it works well for you.

--- 帖子 #549 ---
What do you not like about the location? Just curious.

--- 帖子 #550 ---
Its also I get more picky when the european session is closed.

--- 帖子 #551 ---
Yeah the only thing I didn't like was the fact it was after Europe closed and the trade was lookin good until it stalled out at the top of my flag. Looks like I will be stopped out at B/E soon. I'm happy I was at least able to move my stop to B/E and give myself the opportunity at something huge.

--- 帖子 #552 ---
You're right. It was just at the start of the long green 4 hour candle so I probably should have waited. But that leads me to a question for you: with a long 4 hour candle like that, isn't inevitable that most of the positions will die at BE on the retrace if we wait for these really long 4 hour setup candles to form completely?

--- 帖子 #553 ---
Hello Nomask,

I am following your thread with great interest, really good.

Looking at your buy level : did you place your buy above the spike/wick to the left for security purposes or why didn`t you enter immediately once the 5min closed ?

I am just asking because very often the move to the high of the wick is in my experience a low-risk move, whereas price often stalls at a resistance level denoted by the highs of wicks .....I hope I am making myself clear.

Thanks for all you are doing and very clear charts.

____________

michael

--- 帖子 #554 ---
Hi Nomask,

Thank you for showing us the variations that we may encounter when identifying an H4 signal. This particular entry was pretty tricky to catch but it is turning out well!

In the attached screenshot - could you please explain why the H4 candle I'm pointing at would not have been a signal to go down to the M5?

And on the H4 candle you did use to drop down to the M5, would you also say that it made a legitimate/passable (or not?) Double Bottom, thus adding to the reason to explore the M5 for a low risk entry?

Thanks!

--- 帖子 #555 ---
Nomask, excellent thread.

I'm not an active poster in this website, but a reader of some other threads, what fortunately made me cross with you.

I've been trading for almost 3 yrs and still not profitable, but breaking even. However I do know some things:

1- I'm not a scalper style trader, nor a long term trader... My ideal style would be more of a take 2-3 profitable trades per week, aiming for 50< pips each.

2- While long timeframes give you more pips, trading them usually is about having larger SL in order to let price "breath". NOT ANYMORE WITH YOUR STYLE

3- I based my ideal style on 2 basic things: Less time on the PC so I can go about my life, and realize profits and compound the gains quicker (not scalping).

I do like your style very much, and definitely it can help me to get there.

Now I have some questions for you:

1- What is the approximate success ratio as per this setting?

2- As is a low pip risk method, why not leveraging more the account, say risking 1-2%?

3- 4H charts can be different on each broker, what could prevent you from a nice setup. What would you recommend on this regards? Wouldn't it be nice to use the 4 last H1 candles that engulf the previous 4 instead of the H4 chart?

Thanks for sharing

--- 帖子 #556 ---
When we get a new setup on 4hr we assume that the very next candle will follow the price action and go in our direction.

That's why its got the highest chance of survival.

--- 帖子 #557 ---
actually I did enter at the close.Its just I'm always late on my demo platform taking trades in time as I take my live trades first on my live account.

--- 帖子 #558 ---
once we get out of that range and establish a new high we can then use the recent weekly range to place our new fib.

and about the candle you asked me,i didn't get it on my chart and also i want candles respecting fib levels if I'm trading price actions around fib levels.

--- 帖子 #559 ---
one more chart about the candle

--- 帖子 #560 ---
Nomask,

Thank you very much for the in depth analysis and for answering all my questions - both the stated and un-stated ones.

I was very curious about the differences in how you analyzed the candles, why one was better than the other. Your explanations are extremely helpful!

When you ask yourself the question - 'What is the story behind the candle?', it's is amazing what the candles are telling you. (Of course, a little help from you sure makes the muddy waters seem so clear!)

Thanks again for everything!

--- 帖子 #561 ---
Hello an thank you cfabia.

you can implement it into your trading style easily.

answers yo your questions:

1.there is no fixed success ratio as this method relies on trading skills and patience individually.but I'd say about %20 of your entries would grow into long term and more than half of the rest would be b.e and others small loss.

but remember of the first couple posts of this thread .

I said every trader should demo this method seriously to get his/her own trading data.

2.1st answer covers this question too..Thats totally up to your trading data such as consecutive loss,maximum drawndown,average win-loss ratio etc.

3.Its not necessary.I get enough trading opportunities on any given platform/timezone.I check my chart every 4hr to see if there is a price action.

***

Its very important to keep your trading method simple all the time.You can always traing yourself and investigate your mistakes but don't confuse yourself by the time.

--- 帖子 #562 ---
my pleasure.

--- 帖子 #563 ---
Hello nomask

At this stage which 4h candle is in control?

Is there any or should we wait for a new 4h bullish pa?

--- 帖子 #564 ---
Hi Nomask,

Please explain the green fib placement further, if possible. I thought  we were placing our fib based on the retracement of the previous week  candle (I.E If it keeps heading down, we could possibly be looking at a  bounce off of the confluence of the major line/61.8 level)

Why is the green fib showing a swing high so much higher than the new weekly candle? Shouldn't the swing high of the current weekly be at 1.4148x?

--- 帖子 #565 ---
this was just an illustration to show in which situation we would apply a new fib.

blue fib is the real one that I have on my chart currently.

--- 帖子 #566 ---
counter trends are tricky but worth to talk about them.

--- 帖子 #567 ---
The 4H looks like it could be a bounce off 50% fib. Looked for entry on 5M and got in at 1.4078. Almost stopped out once, going down again now...

--- 帖子 #568 ---
I'm getting both long and short signals, tough call on this pair right now. We've got a Buddha on the weekly, multiple buddhas on the daily signaling short but it's also building minor support just above 1.4000 currently (longish). Forming a nice triangle/wedge on the 4H/1H....poised to explode here soon...which way....dunno. Thinking Buy stop around 1.4150 ish and Sell stop around 1.4015 ish.

Who knows, just participate with low risk entries as the wise one says.

--- 帖子 #569 ---
Sorry for off-topic question : I notice that Nomask and some of you use a very good screencapture tool, that allows for editing on the chart.

Could you possibly give me a recommendation ?

Thank you.

____________

michael

--- 帖子 #570 ---
no price action to go long yet

as I said above no price action to go long at most maybe a counter trend setup which is most of the time unnecessary.btw if you get confused anytime ,stick to your hindsight.

chart attached

snagit is the tool i use...

--- 帖子 #571 ---
Very confusing 240 min chart on EURUSD. For now I'm staying away.

I've been watching AUDUSD with interest. Was looking for a low risk entry on 5 min after double wick bottom and engulfing pattern on 240 min chart. However PA never came into my Fib zone. If I remember correctly Nomask you will sometimes take trades on 5 min if PA never quite reaches your Fib levels. Would this be a good example?

Obviously price has gone higher but when I was watching this live I didn't pull the trigger. I'm kind of just standing frozen like a deer in headlights while I watch this pair go higher. I'm sure I'll have another opportunity however.

--- 帖子 #572 ---
For me this looks like a valid bullish setup - the fact that on 5min it didn`t even retrace down to the 38,2% Fib is a sign of strength.

But I may be wrong, then please correct me.

I missed it too, as I was focused so much on EU and GU all day. I hope to get more experience in this method and then carefully consider other pairs too ( over time ).

_________

michael

--- 帖子 #573 ---
Nomask -- Sorry for the off-topic reply (but I thought others might be interested too)...

Hi msmarple,

In addition to Nomask's SNAGIT (which looks awesome & does both I believe), you could also check out these (free or donation option).

For screencapture (especially when you only want a smaller section of the something):

http://www.donationcoder.com/Softwar...tor/index.html Screenshotcaptor may be able to mark up the charts as well but I've never explored that (but if you find it does, let me know)

For photo editing software/marking up the charts:

Paint.net (http://www.getpaint.net/)

Enjoy!

--- 帖子 #574 ---
If i wanted to long this pair.

I would trade on one of those scnearios.

1.breakout setup with a good bullish candle

2.double bottom along with a bullish price action off the fib levels.

3.bullish price action with price respecting to one of the fib levels.

out of these three nothing worth to try..

--- 帖子 #575 ---
Hi Nomask --

With new eyes and trying to understand the 'story' behind every candle, I'm studying the H4 chart (which you presented to us in your 5 week Recap post) and I'm focusing in on the H4 pinbars (and Double Top/Bottom).

Correct me if I'm wrong and please comment -- but I'm noticing the 'first' H4 (or weekly) signals are often the PINBARS off the the FIBO (pinbars being the key here) because if you waited for the next candle (which may be a bullish/bearish engulfing), you'd more than likely be taken out by some later price action.

Remind me, did you mention that you favor PINBARS over other candle signals for the weekly/H4 (M5 pinbars need confirmation)? Could you comment more on pinbars (and location) as I'd like to learn more about my new best friend...

Thank you kindly!

--- 帖子 #576 ---
Thanks again Nomask. Very helpful!

--- 帖子 #577 ---
Nomask, just catching up with all the thread. Just wondering if counter trading, what are your targets or what is the signal you look for to get out?

Cheers

--- 帖子 #578 ---
Nomask, my annotations on your chart are correct? So you would have entered on the second green candle (as the first was an IB, no matter its body was bigger than previous candle) ?

Your visual SL is at the extreme of the candle marked "entry" correct?

Really liking this stuff. Thanks

http://i52.tinypic.com/jt2ids.jpg

--- 帖子 #579 ---
Thanks, will look at both. I have Jing, but its editing tools are not as good as Nomask`s Snagit. End of off-topic

___________

michael

--- 帖子 #580 ---
Hello cfabian,

I hope we have many examples for entries from Nomask, as in my experience price action is often not so reliable on the 5min ( = we need really A+ candles from the 4h - & see examples from leftcoaster  ).

As in your chart above, I have drawn in my entry. There are always demand and supply levels ( all timeframes ) and I try to enter at demand levels only, ( or, see to the left of the chart - when price has returned to a demand level, gets tested and rises again. )

Hope I can make myself clear. Nomask plse correct me if there is an error. I am always open to comments and criticism.

Good trading to all.

________________

michael

--- 帖子 #581 ---
And here a zoom-in where again you see how price returns to a demand level. The pinbars you show can be early signs of rejection of this level ( and hidden buying already ).

__________

michael

--- 帖子 #582 ---
great stuff.#

enigma4x

--- 帖子 #583 ---
The EURUSD seems to be directionless and retest 50% fib level for few times. I think I have overexposed myself this week which lead to big drawdown on my account.

When in doubt, stay out from the market.

Edit: We will want to see and trade the "obvious", but not directionless like what we have now for EURUSD.

--- 帖子 #584 ---
Don't go too far, it's gonna explode outta that range here in a day or so. But yes definitely best to sit out and watch at the moment.

--- 帖子 #585 ---
Is this 4hr candle a good price action signal for long?

Chart attached:

--- 帖子 #586 ---
I personally am not even looking at it hard until it breaks up thru your 23 fib level or down past your 61 fib as it's currently in range. I have no idea where its gonna go, no one does. The candle u pointed could be an up signal....or....it could just lure you into more whipsaws and more capital loss. Nomask's method is aiming for 500-1000 pip gains....trying to fight out a 60-90 pip ranging cycle just isn't worth it. When it starts going where it's gonna go you'll know, then you get in and milk it dry. But watch for fake outs.....low risk high probability trades are your best defense against this.

Edit: I should add if you see compelling momentum...ie engulfing long candles on the 1H before it gets to the levels I mentioned then you may have an opportunity, just be nimble. Solid price action is solid price action no matter where it is....especially if it happens near the tip of a ranging wedge.

--- 帖子 #587 ---
Up or down? It will reveal very soon.

Stay tune!

--- 帖子 #588 ---
We need three key ingredients in order to execute an entry.

1.location

2.candle shape/price action

3.timing

location is as one of the major lines,median lines(mostly when adding),s/r levels and fib levels.

price action is

pinbars or engulfing candles which are my favorites

and rarely 3 bar reversal or an inside bar.But first two of them most reliable ones.

timing is something we do not have a control over.We just get to know after we excute the trade.when I say timing I dont' mean the market hours but when the price starts making its big bold candles.

when we get first two aligned we enter and if we get the 3rd one aligned with our entry then we get our position survived.

..

I checked the chart you posted but not all of them were descent pinbars some were "almost pinbar"..I trade almost pinbars as well but only if they respect one of the locations mentioned above.

when you trade a pinbar on higher timeframes you don't wait for confirmation as our target is risking low pips for "possibly something big" so that possible big thing we expect is suppose to start within the very next candle after the pinbar.If we can enter in the next candle and price starts moving in our favor then we get the position moved to b.e which is our first target.

BUt when you make your entry on 5min chart you can't rely on a pinbar itself since it gives you the clue that opposites losing power but no winner yet.If we get a nice confirmation candle right after the pinbar , %90 of the time its the start of a move which at least let you move your position to b.e.

you can also study more on price actions and candlestick patterns in the forum.

but use only reliable ones by checking them on your chart to see if price really followed them.

you can also classify them similar to the attached chart.

p.s:better the shape candle has more the attention it gets.

And more attention brings more momentum which determines "timing" of the method.

--- 帖子 #589 ---
thanks zusch.hope it is..

target is always the next major line at least.

when we counter trade we want to catch the possible major move in the opposite direction to our hindsight.

--- 帖子 #590 ---
Hello cfabian.

The body matters though.

I would totally enter at the close of the first green candle IF I had my signal on the 4hr right.

don't ignore the previous candles when you making your entry.

you had two pinbars one almost inside bar (red one) and an engulfing candle (first green one) that engulfs the previous bearish inside bars' body.

besides they all respected the 61.8 fib level.

good entry opportunity.

--- 帖子 #591 ---
you can try to simplify things more.

this week we had only one proper entry as per method.

and maybe at most one countertrade setup as well..

but they both died at b.e

--- 帖子 #592 ---
I aggree..

anything inside a consolidation can not be a good price action..It has to be out of the range.

--- 帖子 #593 ---
Ditto Nomask. I got burned a few trades with my hindsight long. I am out unitl it proves itself long. This week is pretty much a watching week until price to settle into itself. Right now the story is pretty confusing. My thought is it will break low under 4000 level by the end of the week, as now it is signalling against our hindsight, but who knows.

--- 帖子 #594 ---
Dear Nomask, thank you for your very logical method to trade. The big institutions sell euro, so I wait a break out of 1.40 level on Friday. My 2 cents,

--- 帖子 #595 ---
Why the big institutions sell euro now and why euro is so stable untill now?  1. China support euro in acordance with agreement between China and EU that China buy euro and EU gives many incentives for chinese goods.  2. Mr.Trishe try to support euro and avert a catastrofe for single currency and declared that Central bank will rise interest rate on April 7. He did not say 100% but everybody understood him. Why he did this eurozone killing declaration? in order to force european governemants to implement real measures for saving eurozone, but nothing happened and his promise left. Whats now? sure to rase interest rate in conditions when eurozone has practically no inflation, but many countries falling under burdens of debts which/interest rates on debts/ will be even more expensive form April. The act of disparation from the side of ECB. IMF is headed by french man and misuse american money in order to save euro. They lonched crises credit line for EU. Why USD will go up? because euro is sintetic currency. 2. FUNDAMENTALS IN USA are much stronger than in EU. 3. USA banks are much stronge than EU bank. 4. EU governements will not take real steps because of fear to lose home. By the way European banks are all broken and will for sure fall almost all.I repeat no one european bank is safe, everyone is broken.ECB print money more than FED in order to give every week fresh printed money to almost every european bank. It can not lasts for long time. It will be a big crises this year. Sorry for so big articel. Hope it will be as minimum of some interest,

--- 帖子 #596 ---
Just took long from 1.4093.

I would like to see this 240 min candle close above 1.4148 to confirm a breakout and I will be stacking.

--- 帖子 #597 ---
let the market be confused ,not you..

when its ranging just throw couple price alerts out of the range and walk away until you get some move..

you're welcome lite.

If it makes a close below the 1.4 level and preferably lower than 1.39 then we get a 3 bar bearish reversal pattern completed on the weekly.

This gives us the choice of either we close our longs or keep them on until our new shorts take them out targeting possibly greater reward.

Both can be applied.Its just a matter of personal taste.

but still biased long until otherwise proven.

--- 帖子 #598 ---
thanks lite.

That was a good read eventhough I'm not into fundementals very much.

--- 帖子 #599 ---
I agree with deepblue 100%. I will wait.

_____________

michael

--- 帖子 #600 ---
Nomask (and the gang)--

Thank you for your indepth reply, taking the time to review my chart and all the valuable information to my post and to all the others. Be assured that every word written in this thread is being absorbed, extremely valuable and appreciated (though some repetition may be required ). I can say without a doubt that I do feel like I'm moving forward with all of your clarifications.

And although this week is turning out so far to be a ranging week with 2 B.E. trades, the education (and acquiring discipline) is priceless! I do find it amazing still how the market and your lessons have perfect timing (when you started this thread there was a long bias, now time for the consolidation/ranging lesson. I don't know if you could have planned it any better...wow!).

BIG Thank You to you and everyone!

--- 帖子 #601 ---
thank you too for letting me clarify the method by asking important questions.

You're right this pair has been walking through simultaneously as we revealed the method.

By now the method has been pretty much covered..

nothing important to add but may be some spices later on.

--- 帖子 #602 ---
why you not change the fibo for the past week? sorry if my understanding about fibo wrong

--- 帖子 #603 ---
I did change it though.If you notice that the high of the fib has been moved to the last weeks high but after that ,price went back in the old range making the previous week in tact.

--- 帖子 #604 ---
Nomask, just want to ask what can we do if we have missed the breakout candle which just happened 2 hours ago?

--- 帖子 #605 ---
answer is "nothing"...

the purpose of this method is establishing positions with low risk.

we don't try to capture every movement since it would cost a lot more than what we willing to risk.

whenever I think that i missed an entry, half of the time later on I see price coming back and giving me another/better (in terms of timing) opportunity.

You'll find out more when you stay patient.

--- 帖子 #606 ---
Thanks for your advice.

I should have listen to you before do something stupid.

I just entered on 5 mins tf after the retracement from 38.2% fib level. However, it stopped out with small loss.

Now I will wait for the current 4hr candle to close first before do anything.

--- 帖子 #607 ---
Its allright.We all make mistakes.

here is detailed explanation of what i meant with the previous post.

--- 帖子 #608 ---
Just to share my thought and seek for your guys advices:

--- 帖子 #609 ---
Hi Nomask,

Could you please explain why you chose that swing low point on the 5M chart for the fibs?

Thanks!

--- 帖子 #610 ---
its the start of the 4hr setup candle.

--- 帖子 #611 ---
Liangko, I was kicking myself because I missed that breakout, too. It was a 4am candle for me in EST. #1 on chart

#2 on chart shows a small break. If I'd have been awake I would have taken that one. I know it's prior to the close of the 4H signal candle, but it's above the break of the 4H channel, It's a little aggressive but as long if I can move SL to BE it doesn't matter.

Both got stopped out anyway! I think it was on the bad USA unemployment news this morning.

--- 帖子 #612 ---
Oh, it's very different on my chart. I think I'll download fxdd-malta just to see what you're seeing. I was wondering... are you planning on trading at all during NFP day?

Thanks again.

I missed the EUR/USD breakout several hours ago and now I'm at my day job.  Good luck everyone with any opportunities that present themselves today.

--- 帖子 #613 ---
That's why I suggested a Buy Stop at your 23 Fib because we can't be at our computers all the time, best you can do is place it there with a stop loss you're comfortable with. I caught it but price is coming back....hopefully just a minor retrace.

--- 帖子 #614 ---
Yea. The price is zig zag-ing like crazy. Unpredictable.

Foresee even more volatile movement on the release of NFP report tomorrow.

--- 帖子 #615 ---
Yea. It is a good idea to place a Buy stop order at desire level to enter. I will consider to do that next time.

The price has been retraced greatly and it is forming bearish engulfing candle. Not really sure where is the price heading to.

Hope that your position can get through this and become one of profit making legs.

--- 帖子 #616 ---
Hi Nomask

Thank You so much for this brilliant thread. I now understand how to trade properly and enjoy reading your explanations.

with Best Wishes

--- 帖子 #617 ---
Nomask --

Here's a thought, please comment and correct me if I'm wrong...

I was staring at the H4 chart and reviewing this week's move. As it's turning out, this is a bullish week and trading with the LONG bias would certainly have established our positions providing we entered those positions at the right LOCATION (1. Location, 2. candle shape/price action, 3. Timing, see http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...&postcount=589).

So the question becomes, where could I have entered and my positions still survive?

First, if I stood back and stepped outside the forest, looking at the H4 candles from afar...

For a couple weeks, price was bouncing it's head on the 1.40 level, then when it finally broke, price came back down during this week to that level and retested it. If I drew a H4 S/R line off of most recent old tops (where price was meeting resistance, red line), this week's early pinbars bounced right off the Old Resistance line (old resistance becomes new support). If I could have identified that sooner, I may have paid more attention to those early in the week H4 pinbars.

Second, entries...

So where could I have entered and my positions still survive? It appears that I should be paying more attention to WICKS of DOUBLE BOTTOMS (and tops if reversed), as deepblue44 pointed out in one of his posts http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...&postcount=502. Having a position on the wicks of H4 candles has a higher probability for survival with the smallest risk, thus giving us the 'trading edge' because the likelihood of price revisiting the wicks are lower than revisiting the bodies. Or another way of saying it is that we are entering long positions at 'Demand' levels, pivot points (short positions at 'Supply' levels, Sam Seiden terminology). (This is only another entry LOCATION). And all other entries thereafter would be our stacking positions.

One more thing -- catching pinbars -- always 'look to the left', be mindful of what's to the left and set alerts if you see a possible DB situation, surely can't hurt.

Am I on the right track?

Thanks!

--- 帖子 #618 ---
Very good and clear post, helps us all.

___________

michael

--- 帖子 #619 ---
Thank your for your compliments.Glad to hear you enjoying it.

Location has to be very easy to spot by traders. That’s why we want to see a price action out of any wicks or range so mass psychology can pay attention and follow it easily.
Although price usually respects to the past s/r levels from very long time ago,in terms of “starting its move” price needs a relatively close s/r level for the same reason “should be easily spotted”.
See the chart #1.
So I don’t consider all the past s/r levels to determine my possible entry levels.
I want something recent, easy to spot which is most of the time being previous week’s high-low or fib levels and major lines(1.4,1.3,etc).
That’s why I ignore the longer s/r level in the previous chart to keep things simple to trade.As you can see It did not meet the above requirements,iIt was not overlapped with neither any of the fib levels, high/low of the last week nor a major line.
Also you can see that the last week’s candle was an “almost inside bar” candle. In this case, I highlighted the areas that I’d be noticing  during the week.chart#2..
1st arrow :low of the week overlapping %50 fib of the recent swing
2nd arrow:high of the week
3rd 61.8 fib leve of the recent swing overlapping with major line
4th same with 1st (put that by accident)
5th 38.2 fib of the recent swing
6th new s/r level formed in the present week.
I usually get 1 or 2 4hr setup candles during a week.That start real move.
However this week  we’ve had (chart#3) 26 4hr candles finished but only 4of them could be taken as setup candles (1 of them countertrade.If you take that out you get 3 4hr candles).But none worked out.
This is all about trading itself.Sometimes you get 1 signal and a 500 pip quick move after that but sometimes “like this week” you get 3 signals but no significant move.Its like fishing so we have to be patient fishermen.

You're on the right track.Keep analysing previous moves and ask yourself which price action started the move..Thats very key to improve your trading skills.After you pass this stage you'll be spotting very easily and hearing that candles talking to you (not because you lost your mind by then)

--- 帖子 #620 ---
Hi Nomask,

Thank you very much for breaking things down for all of us to take in. I totally hear what you're saying. I very much like the fact that you keep things simple which helps us to focus and stick to the plan. Asking the right questions definitely helps. Every little bit of info you share puts us one step closer to becoming the trader we want to be....

Excellent! Thanks for taking the time to lay it all out!

--- 帖子 #621 ---
I know today is a nfp day but I'm getting my new signal on 4hr...

I notice the fundementals only in terms of timing my entry in case I get stopped out because of a silly spike.

--- 帖子 #622 ---
watching it in 5 min but nothing we can enter yet.

--- 帖子 #623 ---
did not treat nice to our setup candle..

--- 帖子 #624 ---
final post of my plan.

--- 帖子 #625 ---
Last night when I was checking other pairs I saw this setup but little late to take that..

posting it for an example of a good setup..

--- 帖子 #626 ---
great thread Nomask - I am a fan of significant levels or "lines" myself so I subscribed to your thread

That violation was clearly a stop hunt imho. I doubt you will see a bearish candle at the close. Good price level to watch. Nice work bringing it to our attention.

--- 帖子 #627 ---
thanks a lot mac...

current 4hr candle on my chart is waiting for the major news to decide on its shape and close..

Another pinbar could mean another long opportunity.We'll find that out in less than an hour.

--- 帖子 #628 ---
Hi Nomask,

Just wanted to express my thanks  to you for your efforts on such a nice thread.  Read it last weekend and planning on reading it over again this weekend to let it sink in.  I trade 100% long term and I am really drawn to your low risk entry approach.  I  Have nothing to contribute yet, but will as soon as I get a better understanding of your approach at this.

Thanks Again And have a nice weekend

--- 帖子 #629 ---
Hello folks,

I have not been on here since Tuesday because I have been letting the market do its thing. I took a beating on Monday so I decided to wait for the story. Well I looked at the monthly timeframe and the story for me was a little better there. Price has been dancing for weeks now between the 4100-4200 levels. Something said look at a time frame that makes sense and behold the monthly. This is not according to the method but as nomask said if you can understand the basics then you can add your spin on it. On the monthly there is major resistance on the trendline. once it pops through(and break high 1.4282) there is a likeihood it will reach the 5200 level. So far I have one order at breakeven that I am trying to manage to the 5200 level(1200pips). We'll see what happens. I forgot to mention I have not changed the method I only switch to make my story a better . I always keep my foundation intact of tools i used to trade. have a great weekend.

--- 帖子 #630 ---
Got nailed!!!!!!

This is my entry. Price was at 61.8 from the daily range. It started to react in that zone. Got a momentum 5M candle and got in.

1- Was the entry valid?

2- Was it still valid considering the higher timeframe picture?

3- What would have been your exit? As I had to go from the office, I set my SL on the lower extreme.

Comments please

http://i54.tinypic.com/r08rc8.jpg

How it developed....

http://i52.tinypic.com/zmmuer.jpg

This is the higher timeframe look
http://i55.tinypic.com/eld7yt.jpg

--- 帖子 #631 ---
Wanted to share this one. Got nailed as well. This is not part of the technique being discussed.

Nomask, probably this is why I really need more discipline and is what I expect from your method.

I really have to get to the point where I can place 3 good trades a week. I'm not expecting 1000 pip runners, as I prefer build my account with 50 - 70 pip trades, 3 times a week.

Sorry for the noise this may cause.

http://i52.tinypic.com/2cwo2hf.jpg

--- 帖子 #632 ---
Hi Cfabian:

I am new to the method, so please consider that when reading my response.

I would not have taken that trade. Here's why:

1. Rather than using the W1, H4, and M5 charts, it looks like you've used the D1, H1, and M5 charts.  I am not convinced that the price action on the H1 is nearly as reliable as price action on the H4.  I would have waited for more reliable PA on a higher timeframe.

2. It looks like your setup and entry candles on the M5 where at the beginning of a new H4 period.   I believe that Nomask has warned use to be extra caution when H4 candles are changing.

3.  I think you chose a good SL.

Best of luck with your trading.  I know that I have learned a lot since I started reading this thread.

--- 帖子 #633 ---
Hi cfabian,

on most NFP days you can expect up to 100 pips candles and more. Of course if the charts tell us to enter we may try our best. I usually only trade the first 3 hours ( 1h pre-London and then 2 hours ) on NFP days.

I am not quite sure if your decision was only based on the 61.8% fib and the 5min double bottom ?

I have annotated your chart, maybe Nomask can go in to more detail about your entry.

My best wishes to all.......and a relaxing weekend !

_____________

michael

--- 帖子 #634 ---
hello jaytrader.

thank you for your compliment.

I take a quick look at monthly timeframes from time to time just to see what big boys seeing..but I use weekly as the greatest timeframe to catch the moves earlier.

Hello cfabian..

I can see 1hr timeframe you used.I don't recommend that for two reasons.

1.Remember that our target is more than 1000 pips and you need more data of price to define the real move.4hr is the best in terms of finalizing your trading decision.

2.using 4hr will save you from overtrading.Wait for the right time.Let go some big moves but be there when everything is aligned.

Thanks Michael.I liked your chart..

Since this week was little tough for some traders I wanted to review one more time what I've done during the week.

I tried 5-6 times to get in a trade but could only do it once which ended at b.e after moving about 100 pips.

charts attached.

--- 帖子 #635 ---
Set up for the next week.

good luck all..

--- 帖子 #636 ---
Nomask,

I wonder why you set your fibs like this, in this 15 5M candles range, instead of grabbing the whole 4H?

Cheers

--- 帖子 #637 ---
Nomask,

You stick to the eurusd?  The gbpusd is looking good at the 1.6000 level.

--- 帖子 #638 ---
Other than EU pair, there is another pair which i think it is worth for our attention as well. It is USDJPY.

Bullish engulfing candle is formed this week, signalling further uptrend for next week. It seems that the price is coming up from the lowest point and moving up.

Our hintsight for next week is LONG.

--- 帖子 #639 ---
whole candle was a down move but I was looking for a long entry so I needed a swing up to put my fib on which happened at the end of the 4hr candle.

--- 帖子 #640 ---
Yes but you're right it looks good too.

--- 帖子 #641 ---
Hello Liangko,

for what it is worth to you. open eur/jpy chart, it broke the bottom range with conviction and the impulse wave is on for the 4h tf.

also, my current bias for eur/usd is quite bullish for the upcoming week, which makes eur/jpy hotter than usd/jpy.

with my amateur opinion, eur/usd seems like a stop sweep week to me, almost made a outside bar.

however, these are just the current views, market can change at anytime, but anything that can increase our probability or reward for the same risk is worth noting.

^.^ anyways, happy pipping, nomask's charts have helped me tremendously in not overtrading.

and nomask, definitely patiently waiting for the spices. if we all trained to be profitable traders, the banks might come after you LOL

--- 帖子 #642 ---
indeed they're already after us but in some other ways.

in a country with 8% inflation rate this is what banks do:

"give me your money I'll give you 5% profit"

"let me give you some loan with 10% interest"

either way you get "loved"

What a "shoot" life..!

--- 帖子 #643 ---
All you did was re-fib this past weekly bullish candle correct?

On my feed the last 4hr candle is the high point at 1.42445 and a bit of a bearish pin. I'm sure it makes no difference. I'm on board.

Thanks for sharing this method Nomask. It might be easier than I thought to get into that 5% club

--- 帖子 #644 ---
Hello NoMask,

LOL, even though i have no idea of the fundamentals, but i do drink a lot of soda , just with the price increase, i know inflation is off the roof. when the big guys are broke, they can only steal from the small fries, but off course, with couple twists and turns. but you will be surprised how many intelligent people don't get this simple concept. (i shouldnt be talking, just got it after i got into the market -.-). i was talking to my co workers about how money in our bank is not really money in what most people believes but rather perceived value on the materials in this world. and how the big boys can change that without changing the digital numbers within your account. most of them either laughed or gave me a weird look.  and these are smart people with graduate degrees

I want to have the choice to choose neither  i will be this little guy right here. and through persistance and perserverence and guidance off course ^.^

i dont want to a 3% slow death, nor a 20% sudden death.  maybe i ask too much -.-.

i do love your teaching, the simplicity and precision of it. it is said that an object will remains in motion until acted upon.  i wish i could contribute more to this thread, but my skill level is no where near to be able to help someone. so in the meantime, i will sit back and take in and absorb as much as I can. and thanks again nomask, your time and effort will always be appreciated here.

oh Bryan, http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...&postcount=636

and the answer would be yes according to nomask, wish you the best to the 5% club, i hope to join that club as well.

--- 帖子 #645 ---
Thanks nomask for a great thread

Have up loaded the first 20 pages of this thread with your postings to pdf

enclosed first 2 pdf files have a limit of 1.91 mg so will post other 2 soon

--- 帖子 #646 ---
These 4 pdf files are of nomasks postings and charts first 20pages

hope it is useful

--- 帖子 #647 ---
Sako

Greatly appreciated here ^.^ definitely useful. if you dont mind, how do you combine it into pdf format, i have saved all of nomask's attachements, always wanted to compile it into one coherent file.

--- 帖子 #648 ---
hi wangyue22

took a while what I did was copy and paste nomask individual postings to a word document then used a word document to PDF converter on the web - link  is as follows
http://www.doc2pdf.net/

When you up load the PDF file to forex factory the max upload for PDF files is 1.91mg so that is why I split it into 4 files to do it in one file was to large ie made 4 smaller word documents to convert to PDF

Hope it makes sense

cheers

--- 帖子 #649 ---
very useful. Thanks for the effort ... Hugs

--- 帖子 #650 ---
Any of you guys familiar with Tony112's method?

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=156106

Perhaps we can incorporate the two methods, get our risk down to 2 pips, and become 5% billionaires quicker

--- 帖子 #651 ---
You need an edge.  Entering on first candle is not an edge.  Just because he shoots for big r:r doesn't mean its a good strategy.  If anything its idiotic.  And when you get to real size, you won't always get fills you need.  When determining size based on 2 pip stop loss, some slippage will kill you.

--- 帖子 #652 ---
I know you primarily focus on EURUSD Nomask but what are you thoughts on EURGBP. I see a situation that looks very similar on this pair to what could happen on EURUSD. On EURGBP we have closed above a weekly trendline. While on EURUSD we are still underneath our weekly trendline.

Perhaps to my eye only taking a long around the current Fib levels I have drawn (if they are even correct) has a very low survival rate unless it was a very clean setup. I'd feel much more comfortable taking a long around the retest of the weekly trendline and the large pink line I have drawn on my chart.

I suppose that the situation are a bit different as EURUSD looks very comfortable above 1.4 while EURGBP is coming into .9000.

What are your thoughts?

Bryan: I think for me 7-8 pips is low enough risk. lol

--- 帖子 #653 ---
Also reflecting on last week I think it was a very good example of how well Nomask's method works. Even though most of us weren't able to establish a position that survived, our hindsight worked perfectly. Amazing how round numbers work so well as S/R. Before finding this thread I would prob be trying to find every reason to go short last week and the week to come.

--- 帖子 #654 ---
I see what you're saying and totally agree with you.

Your contributions always appreciated here wang.thanks a lot.

--- 帖子 #655 ---
Hello sako..Here is a little help for you and others..

not because I believe my posts are so worth to be split from others but you can use this small software to compile anybody's posts in any thread from ff.I found this in Graeme's thread.Its what I've been looking for.

you just put the first page's adress (but it should end with &page=1)  and the number of the total pages.The program starts automatically seperating the posts and put them into one single html file that you can easily convert to pdf file based on the people's nicknames.

I did one for my own posts in this thread and attached..Took me little while to figure this out since there was no guide or anything but you can get it worked easily.
http://hotfile.com/dl/113183359/8afe...ctory.pdf.html

--- 帖子 #656 ---
I uploaded the program too..

http://hotfile.com/dl/113183555/7000...Leech.rar.html

--- 帖子 #657 ---
I know his method..You can try that but I don't think there is such a quick way to achieve that.

--- 帖子 #658 ---
I agree. I wish him the best luck anyway.

If you asked some of the best people in the industry, Soros or Buffet, they would suggest you to do some work instead. It is just not that easy.

--- 帖子 #659 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #660 ---
things look still long with this pair as you said but keep in mind that the next major line is only 180 pips away and there is a major s/r level at .89 that price would find a trouble to move up easily.But sure you can keep an eye on this pair as well.

--- 帖子 #661 ---
Just to express my appreciation to nomask for his sharing the method/system. I had just finished reading the posts so far and will put it into forward testing this week onwards as its really fit my interest in higher timeframe price action analysis.

Many thanks...

--- 帖子 #662 ---
thanks a lot magix..

Here is the first post of the week.migh give us our first entry setup an hour later..

--- 帖子 #663 ---
This pair was my dream pair in the year of 2009.I made quite nice profit on it.But it's spent the last year in a tight 800 pip-range.It is expected to move a lot more this year.

We've had a nice breakout last week which might be a signal of a further move down .

charts attached.

--- 帖子 #664 ---
I get questions about gu setup..

Here is a plan for it.

edit:ignore the fib on the last chart.If we're looking for long it should be from low to high of the last week

--- 帖子 #665 ---
first attempt ended with 5 pips loss..

--- 帖子 #666 ---
second try..

do not hesitate to participate if it gives you already what you looking for.

a pinbar,almost inside bar and a outside bar that made a close above the last two candles.

update:moved to b.e

--- 帖子 #667 ---
Mondays have been kinda slow lately

--- 帖子 #668 ---
You can never know when it pays you out..

I've had 2 trades today.

one ended with 5 pips loss

other was a b.e trade.

thats the picture we got after all

--- 帖子 #669 ---
We're on the move up......61.8 weekly fib

--- 帖子 #670 ---
still waiting.

--- 帖子 #671 ---
while waiting eu to move I took a short trade on usdcad.

--- 帖子 #672 ---
This is a probable set up, isn't it?

http://i56.tinypic.com/30ufwg9.jpg

http://i55.tinypic.com/2u6dwdz.jpg

--- 帖子 #673 ---
Nomask,

I've a question here... although this is a time off the screen method, I want to make sure how you spend your time after you have a 4H momo bar?

As you have to drill down to 5M, I assume it is a hard core screen monitoring for the next 4H, Isn't it? Or how are you able to manage this time to get a good entry on 5M? I feel like an owl while in this stage, LOL.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #674 ---
cfabian,

I'm pretty sure it is and I'm watching the 5 min chart as well for the same setup as you.

--- 帖子 #675 ---
Haha, yea. I watching the same thing as you guys do.

It's like eagle patiently waiting for fishes to appear above the sea.

Good luck guys!

--- 帖子 #676 ---
You can sit and watch if you like....good to do if you are still getting a feel for price action in the early stages (like first 6 months). If you've got price action down to a science and feel comfortable with your particular method and have expanded to playing multiple currency pairs sitting and watching becomes prohibitive and you'd want to set up alerts to your cell phone when price reaches a certain area e.g. just before it reaches your 38, 50, and 61 Fib....like 10-20 pips prior...for each respective pair.....or for areas around stalls/pennants looking for breakouts up or down etc. etc.

There are a number of dif ways to do this depending on your platform and cell phone service provider. Here is a link with some good info on the subject...

http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...postcount=4102

--- 帖子 #677 ---
+1

my early trade of usdcad seems survived for now.

and I also started watching eu for the same reason.

entered long but didn't like the way it moved back to me..closed it at b.e

--- 帖子 #678 ---
Long from 1.4220. Finally got a signal. Currently its not taking off like I would like. Will close position for small loss if it closes below my entry.

Update: Took 3 pip loss.

--- 帖子 #679 ---
Don't you hate when this happens and the price runs on your favor?

I was lucky to close it with +8. Today's setup and price action was kind of tricky, hard to trade... lets hear what our mentor has to say about today.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #680 ---
There was a strong bullish move in spite of NFP on Friday. I was looking for fibe levels on this move.

This time price reacted at 50% Friday range. I posted 15 mins for clarity.

TradeStar

--- 帖子 #681 ---
Hello Nomask!

I have been reading this thread for about one week now, not finished yet, but it sure is a great one.

I hate to ask you something not related to this thread, but would you please explain a bit more on how to use Hotfile as you mentioned?

I just can't figure how to use this service...

--- 帖子 #682 ---
click on the button named "regular download" on the link.wait until the countdown is over.then type the words in the box then click to "download file" button.

You made a very good entry there but should have let the price play more since your risk was only 5-6 pips.

eu gave us a signal but in out of market hours.Even fomc meeting was not able to give it a strong move up.

But later on we've had an inside candle which I covered in my earlier posts how to trade an inside bar with low risk.

charts attached.

--- 帖子 #683 ---
my last position of usdcad survived and moved to b.e
this is how it looks on the weekly.
what we achieve is "seeling on the upper wick of a candle" that we expect it to be bearish (vice versa) due to our hindsight.

this post is a summary of whole method.

--- 帖子 #684 ---
Excellent work, Nomask.

TradeStar

--- 帖子 #685 ---
thaks a lot tradestar

--- 帖子 #686 ---
missed an opportunity to add..

--- 帖子 #687 ---
Nomask,

As I missed the up move, I wonder if it is safe and valid playing the last H4 cadle marked with fibs for a further move?

As per a previous question you probably missed, when you have your H4 setup candle, you spend a hard core 4 hrs monitor viewing in 5M timeframe to wait for a setup? Or how you deal to detach as much as possible from the screen?

Cheers

http://i54.tinypic.com/33msyzr.jpg

--- 帖子 #688 ---
I check my charts every 4hr then start watching it on 5min only if there is any good 4hr setup.Otherwise I log out and come back to check the next 4hr candle.

--- 帖子 #689 ---
since the next candle after the setup candle might be a pullback,its not best to play on it.

when I miss a 4hr setup I look for  a new setup.

--- 帖子 #690 ---
current look of eu.

--- 帖子 #691 ---
different pair,same story

--- 帖子 #692 ---
one more thing to add on "missing an entry" story..

Good example that usdcad gave us about it.

--- 帖子 #693 ---
Do not try too hard to see.

If it is not easy to see then it is not easy to trade.

If it is not easy to trade then it is not worth to trade.

If it is not worth to trade then you will be wasting/losing your money.

--- 帖子 #694 ---
Hi, I'm new here. great thread you got here.

I want to ask something about the fibo. Is there any difference between the position of the 0 and 100%. Because sometimes i saw it 0 then going down to 100. and sometimes its 100 then going down to 0..any difference?

Another thing is, TS you draw fibo lines max 2 weeks?  let's say 1st week fibo low is 1.4100 then 2nd week move up to 1.4150 then 3rd week 1.4250 low.

So the Setup weekcandle we depends on week 2 and 3 or starting from week 1? still using the low of 1.410 and not 1.4150?

Thanks..noobish question here.. Cause i want to determine the most accurate fibo lines possible, for better entry.

--- 帖子 #695 ---
OMG. Emotional hurdles is hitting me!!!

EU current retracement is so strong and it's getting closer to my long position for EU @ 1.4263.

If it dies at BE later I will be very sad as I have incurred quite huge losses in establish it.

--- 帖子 #696 ---
I don't pay attention if i'm drawing it in the direction of the move.I just need to see fib levels..%0 or %100 no difference.

Don't get confused by applying fib..

the principle is that we put fib on "the setup candles"all the time..

If the week before last week setup candle is still intact yes we keep the fib on it since we do not have a more recent price action..

--- 帖子 #697 ---
if it does die at b.e tell yourself that one day,one of them will hit +1000 pips..

But if you really spend too much on establishing a position then you should work on morea about refining your entries.

--- 帖子 #698 ---
I took a long here...and placed BE SL already....thanks Nomask

--- 帖子 #699 ---
second short position usdcad..

--- 帖子 #700 ---
good luck with it but still bit early to me..

--- 帖子 #701 ---
Nomask,

Is this considered as pin bar? Is it a good price action signal for long?

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #702 ---
This is an "almost pinbar"..not the best shape but can be traded with extra caution.

--- 帖子 #703 ---
no long trade for eu (according to my chart).

--- 帖子 #704 ---
Took short on USDCAD at .9597.

Update: Moved to B/E. Now time to study for an accounting exam. Boring...

--- 帖子 #705 ---
Stopped out at B/E.

Update: Re-entered at .9595.

Update: Took -6 pip hit. Done with this pair for now.

--- 帖子 #706 ---
Is this the setup for just closed 4hr bar?

--- 帖子 #707 ---
This post could have saved me a lot of pips this week. This is my first week live trading this method and I've taken every decent looking 4 hour candle for just about every currency pair. It has resulted in some pretty disastrous consequences.

The reason I've done this is, because of my day job, I only have very limited time to trade. I can only trade NY open (8am EST 4hour candle, the asian session up to London open at the latest. These 4 hour candles seemed to be the "best I could get". This morning's news affected USD/CAD and EUR/USD quite a bit. I lost 3% of my capital because price stampeded past my visual stop loss.

I'd be interested to hear results/advice from someone who is trading around this time. I've had a 5% drawdown or so this week, but stand to gain considerably more than that with one long term position for 1000+.

I'd post charts of my failed entries, but I do not want to clutter your thread. Thank you for everything you are doing here, nomask. People like you (and Graeme) gave me the confidence to start trading live. I know it will be an uphill battle, but it will be worth it in the end.

All the best,

Jason

--- 帖子 #708 ---
its not a good shape on 4hr and also eu market is closed.things to consider before making any entry..maybe one try but should be very good p.a and with low risk.

--- 帖子 #709 ---
Hi Jason,

Patience is a virtue, especially in this business, I have day job and therefore I am in the same boat as you. I got burnt too when I first tried out this method with my personal twist, i.e. take every green candle as set up (guilty as charged ). because I felt that i may be missing the boat. however, what I realized is this, by taking a green candle that is not the bottom turn of the retracement or a breakout candle, I am risking more in the sense that the bull will run out of steam sooner, but most importantly, that my position have higher chance of getting taken out when retracement happens. vice versa for short

i think nomask's quote fits nicely here

There is a good saying, if the boat already left the dock, dont jump into the ocean swimming after it, wait for the next one. (I am most reaffirming this to myself, by nature, I am a very impulsive person. -.-)

i dont know you what your time zone is, but I am in the eastern time zone, so i get 3 closing times. US close candle as setup, watch the close of half of the asian session. go to sleep, wake up in the morning and watch the close of half the london session, go to work. LOL

due to my time constraints, I also watch the daily close, and use that as a set up candle as well, although not in the same way as nomask's method, but the concept is the same, wait for a good daily close set up bar in the direction of the trend, and I use 15min bars in this case for entry, and reduce my normal lot size by half.

I currently have a eur/usd position at 1.42251, and the entry occurred in the asian session, double bottom 15 min pin bar. as you see, I had to baby sit it for a while before it took off. but the set up candle was from the us open but the entry was in the asian session.

My advice to you is, if the market doesn't want to go down, it is very likely it wants to go up and vice versa. but we need a confirmation of it going up before looking for entries. and we will never know where the opportunity for entry will be (pinbar, engulfing, 2 bar reversal, etc).  I agree, asian market is more calm and less violitity, thats why i also look at the 15min chart during the asian session for entry points, with reduced lot size, I see it as the price you pay for 10 more minutes of information.

again, I am a newbie, and these are just my take on it. hope it has helped you a bit.

--- 帖子 #710 ---
Holy snakesh!t Asian's a rocket....

--- 帖子 #711 ---
Looks like the Asian session Gods heard our plight today. I've got a  position in at BE from the breakout. Going to try for a second if it  breaks the range with volatility.

--- 帖子 #712 ---
Nomask,

I m following your method ever since it broke 1.4. up 230 now(one and only position), it was bumpy, almost got taken out last week.

Normally I would have taken the profit, but I truly believe your system.

Let's see how it goes. Thank you.

--- 帖子 #713 ---
Hi all,

Can this long bullish candle be a long signal candle?

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #714 ---
usdcad..played as per my hindsight but no luck to add so far..

I'll try if I can add within this current breakout setup

--- 帖子 #715 ---
Hello Jason.I hope you demo traded this method before trading it live..

Its not because you need to see if you can trade it but also you need your trading data/performance to set your money management rules..

Personally I risk very small lot size for every position..

I use 0.1 lot for each 5k

and my average loss is 6-8 pips..that makes my each trade with 6-8$ risk or % 0,15.

So I need about 35 consecutive loss to spend %5 of my capital.

considering the fact that I get average 4 trades per week.

This could take me probably 7-8 weeks to lose that 35 trades.

I don't mean to make you feel worse.I'm just trying to show how this method in fact such a conservative way of trading.

We should find this method very boring and simple..If not then there is something wrong.

We either overtrade or overexpose.

One more important thing.

Lets say you started trading with 10k and lost your 1k but realized that you made so many mistakes while losing that and now you recently trading better.Then forget about that 1k and take it as your training fee and focus on that 9k as your initial capital..Because if you get stuck with the idea of that you lost 1k you won't be able to overcome emotional hurdle.

We definetly need human skills to trade (thats why I don't believe in ea trading) but with no emotion (as low as possible).

--- 帖子 #716 ---
very good post..Thanks wang.

--- 帖子 #717 ---
thanks leelar.

I have one long position on eu at 1.3569 and only 150 pips left to 1000 pips.(I don't necessarily have to close it at that level)

But my bad on eu is that I should've had at least 3-4 more long positions by now.I had crazy busy period in the last couple weeks.

for a thousand-pip ride we should have more than one position and smallest of them should be large enough to cover all our expanses during the journey.rest is profit that goes on top of our capital.

--- 帖子 #718 ---
thats a breakout setup.but remember using low risk and not to over trade.

--- 帖子 #719 ---
Is it true that usually after a breakout candle you will wait for the retracement for the price to come back?

Just like the USDCAD pair you commented earlier.

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #720 ---
I think I better try this method in demo first to avoid further losses.

I find myself has not reach the level where I can trade live yet

Is there any forex broker offers unlimited period of demo account? I tried AVAFX but the demo account only last for 1 month. I have to re-create again with different username and personal details which I think very problematic.

Any suggestion guys?

--- 帖子 #721 ---
yes its true..

--- 帖子 #722 ---
hey liankgo,

Try fxpro.com, they have a good demo account.

--- 帖子 #723 ---
Hi Nomask,

You say 4 to 5 trades avg per week with 0.15% risk per trade. Could you also please share what would be the realistic return per week /per month, averaged over a period of a year.

Thanks for all the input.

This is a very good point as well

TradeStar

--- 帖子 #724 ---
its been 22 wks since i started trading this method alone..

I had a period of 1200 (there was a quick run from 1.4 to 1.3 in 5 weeks..after that nice profit I decided to trade this method alone)  pips net profit in total and another period of breakeven and currently holding that 800 pip-worth position that cost me around 50 pip..

so if i close it now that would be 2000 pips for 5-6 months which is equal to 40% of my capital.

But when I look back now I can see that I could've been able to double my account easily if I was able to avoid all the sloppy entries and trading full time.

You may have some period of months over 20% profit of your account and some other months at b.e or small loss..Its all up to how patient and consistent you can be in trading.

--- 帖子 #725 ---
Is this a good setup candle for GU on 4hr for short? if it close as is in next 9min?

--- 帖子 #726 ---
That's a great point. I will definitely try to look at it that way.

I've been demo trading Graeme's idea for months and yours for a few weeks. I do not have much "performance" data except that I had 3 positions that have run in demo for a total of about 1400 pips that are still running. I figured it was time to trade live because these 3 positions paid for all of my entries and then some. I'm risking no more than .05% per trade.

My EUR position is on from yesterday's Asian session at a little over 100 pips and I'm hoping for the best. Although I've seen losses this week, I remain steadfast because I am fairly confident that all of these are all going to be paid for in full.

To be honest with you (and myself), I definitely overtraded this week. I took 12 trades over 3 currency pairs and one was a freak loss of 48 pips during the news yesterday. If I closed my EUR position, I'd be at a loss of about 3%. As it stands now, it's a realized loss of 8% of capital for the week.

I will be much more picky on entries next week. This week has been a loud wake up call for me.

Thank you again for everything you do here, Nomask.

--- 帖子 #727 ---
Hi Nomask

I entered long on UC based on this setup...am I correct? So far it is going good, I moved the SL to BE but just wanted master's confirmation! Thanks.

--- 帖子 #728 ---
Hopefully all of us reading your thread can have similar results. It will take extreme patience. Thank you once again for this thread!

This quote is taken from Graeme's thread which Nomask very highly recommends reading. "However sooner or later the golden opportunity, or the golden position that will survive for the next year does happen. Not because you were lucky but it is inevitable."

If you haven't read that thread it should really put all the pieces of the puzzle together. At least it did for me.

--- 帖子 #729 ---
Hi ava_ind,

Am looking at your charts and am not sure what you mean by BASED ON THIS SETUP!!!  If i understand the method correctly your target should be 0.9000 and looking for short opportunities on the 4-hr and entry on the 5 or 15 min to help minimize your S/L....just my observation unless i have totally misunderstood this style of trading.....my 4-hr shows where support was broken (Blue Area) and where we would have gone to 15min to look for a possible short, see the yellow arrows, first once when blue area was broken and second when price tested this support...well unfortunately this short would have ended at BE......currently it shows a good opportunity to go short.......am still GBPCAD short from Wednesday..................cheers.....nice weekend all

--- 帖子 #730 ---
Thanks, Nomask.

TradeStar

--- 帖子 #731 ---
Hi

Thanks for the suggestion, and your observation is right. By following the same technique I just tried a scalping.

--- 帖子 #732 ---
I have a short position on this pair at 0.96695 based on the weekly price action.

Remember.You always need a valid reason on the weekly.It'll give you the push to survive your position.Without weekly support not so many positions last long.

--- 帖子 #733 ---
Hi nomask,

I've enjoyed your thread on trading major lines and would like to share an indicator for longer times frames ie, 4hr, daily, weekly. If you use Metatrader I'd like to get your thoughts on it, seeing as though you trade these timeframes. You can contact me at trader447@gmail.com. Thanks.

--- 帖子 #734 ---
http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost.php?p=4529537&postcount=708

Hi Jason

I can say don't give up demo trade and demo trade, find the method that suits you, I too have a full time job which makes my time limited to enter with Nomask's method. combine what you have learned from both thread's and find what suit's you.

I opened a new acc in the beginning of March and for the first two weeks I sat in 8-10% drawdown. My account is now 13% up in closed trades and I have 1300 pips positive in open positions.

good luck and stay positive

I see others replied to you already with valid comments, that's what happens when you don't read this thread for two days.

--- 帖子 #735 ---
Here I'm posting 4 different pairs that caught my eyes among the others.

--- 帖子 #736 ---
Hello Nomask,

Before discovering your thread, I've problem reading and understanding the importance of higher TF's charts such as 4H/weekly.  But after digging further I now have a better understanding of its relevance.  Not only that, I think it has help me tremendously with my trading now.

Previously, I only look at 1M/5M for scalping trades which are very tiring having to be fixed in front of my LCD under long hours.

My thanks to you.  Keep up the good work.

--- 帖子 #737 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Might pay to watch weekly  USDX index this week as well.

It has reached a potential double bottom here. Any bounce from here will affect the EURUSD and other USD denominated currencies

If the USDX index breaks lower then will help longs on EURUSD

--- 帖子 #738 ---
Have not been on here lately.  As I have been managing the EU trades and adding positions.  This is just as important as entering a trade. I agree with your assessment there nomask for the pairs you suggested for next week. Good work! I may trade AU next week as this tells me the best story.  From what I see(on the monthly) it has a great push up to the 1.0700 level(210pips). It may pip dance abit before continuing to the 1.1000 level which is our first 500 pips and a add on target. There is also confluence at this level as well per fib level.  I only use the monthly for overall pip targets.  Goog luck next week.

--- 帖子 #739 ---
RED, thanks for the reply. Those results are really comforting. I had 12 losers this last week (my first week trading live). My 13th live EUR/USD trade that I posted a few posts back is in the green for about 160 pips. It would cancel all 12 of my losses if I closed it out now. My equity is exactly 4 pips in the positive. I'm really happy to see that. I think that's the beauty of this method. One winner can stomp out a handful of losers as long as they were each low risk entries. If this position dies on BE, I will not be concerned. I am looking at the BIG PICTURE.

You said you've closed positions for up to 13%. When did you close these positions and why? Per this method, I was under the impression that we close positions once it makes a reversal on the weekly, but I could be mistaken. I'd love to close my position now and get my 8% back that I lost, but it seems like it would be even better if I close it at the 1.5 line or even further for a substantial profit. I'm very interested to hear why you closed your positions this month.

Nomask - Thanks for the charts. I think we have a good idea of the pairs to watch for this week. I'm going to take your advice and take less trades. When you say you take 4 trades a week, is that per pair or in total?

Finally, do any of you close any positions if they reverse at the median line? The median line is quickly approaching for EUR/USD.

Thanks again!

Happy pips, all.

-Jason

--- 帖子 #740 ---
Trader, it would be nice if you can share it in the forum. We can all contribute.

--- 帖子 #741 ---
Hey I want to ask advice who make trades by mobile phone.

I m planning to buy buy mobile phone (iphone 3g 8gb) mabey

I want to ask with mobile phone possible to have a trade by mobile phone?

what mobile telephone model do you use in trading forex?

I would be happy that you share this information with me

regards,Doncex

--- 帖子 #742 ---
Finally, do any of you close any positions if they reverse at the median line? The median line is quickly approaching for EUR/USD.

The answer for me is yes only if there is a clear signal to do so.  This is not the only method I trade but this is great for portfiolio diversification.  Also as it moves in my favor(ex. 100pips) I shave a VERY small percentage of profit off so if it turns around and hit breakeven in reality I close in profit.   My overall picture is to let the market run as far as it wants run dispite what I think or analize.  Nomask and I(also others here) have the same mindset that price is king.  Shaving off is NOT based on the method, but it works for the accounts I manage.  The main thing is believing in yourself and others using this with great results.  Start at page one if you need too.  Stay away from the "bells and whistle" indicators unless they are alerts.  See what story the charts price is telling you in relation to S/R.  I have grown to realize in my years at forex is one major factor.  I had to release my control over to the market(and what I think I knew) and follow what price is doing.

Hang in there bro at this point even though there are 4 pairs that could be setting up next week stick with one this week and focus on skills of low risk entry to breakeven until you get into a groove.  Then add pairs.  Remember to find the hindsight(direction) and trade in that direction.  One you could look at is the A/U as it close above median line per nomask charts.  The story looks better there at the moment.

Good luck this week

--- 帖子 #743 ---
[quote=jasonc1213;4533464]RED, thanks for the reply. Those results are really comforting. I had 12 losers this last week (my first week trading live). My 13th live EUR/USD trade that I posted a few posts back is in the green for about 160 pips. It would cancel all 12 of my losses if I closed it out now. My equity is exactly 4 pips in the positive. I'm really happy to see that. I think that's the beauty of this method. One winner can stomp out a handful of losers as long as they were each low risk entries. If this position dies on BE, I will not be concerned. I am looking at the BIG PICTURE.

You said you've closed positions for up to 13%. When did you close these positions and why? Per this method, I was under the impression that we close positions once it makes a reversal on the weekly, but I could be mistaken. I'd love to close my position now and get my 8% back that I lost, but it seems like it would be even better if I close it at the 1.5 line or even further for a substantial profit. I'm very interested to hear why you closed your positions this month.

Hi Jason

I have taken the best of both threads and combined them, I have a full time job and am unable to take a number of the 5 min trades due to not being behind the screen, so currently I take trades based on Nomask's method and others from the Millipede thread.

I enter every trade twice and close one trade at 100 pips profit, this helps me satisfy the little men in my head. It helps the feeling of despair watching 3000 pips come back to BE, which has happen to me before.

obviously one needs to take care of their money management if they trade this way.

thanks

Frank

--- 帖子 #744 ---
It is more powerful when you trade in one direction no matter which one you're biased to.

Entry part of this method can be modified through your own experience and skils.But the main idea behind the whole method will remain the same which is entering 5 min for its lower risk and targeting something on the weekly t.f giving us a great reward/risk ratio.

--- 帖子 #745 ---
It seems like "a potential" double bottom might be coming up BUT 75.62 level which you spotted on your chart has just been broken down which makes a reversal pattern less reliable.

--- 帖子 #746 ---
It is for eu which is the only pair I can trade recently as I have been very busy with my other works.

If you want to trade more than one pair,my humbe advice would be that you should have enough time to watch them.

I also try to pick up the pairs with less spreads and spikes since I'm dealing with very low pips..

--- 帖子 #747 ---
Thanks but I really don't believe in indicators.

the best indicator is your own eyes.Because every trader has the same with you.

--- 帖子 #748 ---
Guys,

I'll share this indicator (is not my development) that might be helpful.

It is about drawing any line in the chart, and have the indicator send you an alert when price is at "x" pips from you line.

It would be nice having something like this working automatically with fibs lines on the desired levels, but I'm not a programmer.

--- 帖子 #749 ---
Nomask,

I'm with you... but the indicators I would think of are those similar to the one I posted, that tells you when price reached a desired level.

Lets see how this week goes... I could't ride any trade last week.

BTW, how do you deal with ranging markets? Go to lower time frames or simply stay out until a weekly breaks out? I was thinking on using D1 with H1, 5M for this scenario... not sure if you have tried it or not. Grabbing 40 - 70 pips per these set ups helps accumulate cushion pips for the loses we can incur when looking for the big ride.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #750 ---
No disrespect cfabian but lets keep this thread going without all the indicators and possible EA system development off of this method.  I have seen many thread start great but end up in EA, indicator heaven which takes away from what the thread was intended.  Lets keep it simple and indicator free.

--- 帖子 #751 ---
Good Morning Nomask,

Thank you for the encouragement.  I'll remodify my style using your method as my guide.  I guess every trader should develop their own style of trading and not be a stereotype.

It's 5.45am over here, I'll be going for my morning walk in a short while which I use to do every morning from Mon-Fri.  Being healthy is important and it helps with your concentration.

Happy Trading to ALL.

Jimi

--- 帖子 #752 ---
Hello nomask.  Wondering what your thoughts are on the US FIFO regulations. If you enter a second trade on the same pair the first trade must be closed before the second (first in first out rule).  If you were approaching the next triple 000 level and had a second trade in near this level and wanted to exit that trade but keep the first one to see if price would continue above the next triple 000.

--- 帖子 #753 ---
When I first started off 3 years ago, I was enchanted by systems with indicators.  The quest for a better indicator is my highest priority.  Using indicators can be equated to chain smoking, it's an addiction that's hard to get rid off.  I was a heavy smoker myself but fortunately I managed to quit 15 years ago.  Since I can quit smoking why not quit using indicators as well?  Yes, Nomask, I like your statement about "THE BEST INDICATOR IS YOUR OWN EYES".  I'll forego using any indicators and start trading naked.  It might be hard to learn how to TANGO with PA initially but I'm confident it's just a matter of training your eyes, how to dance with PA in the ballroom.  I've the time.....it's the practice I've to perfect!

Jimi

--- 帖子 #754 ---
Is this good setup for USDCAD to go short?

--- 帖子 #755 ---
Hi Nomask

Where Are you?

Waiting for your valuable and spectacular Analysis

--- 帖子 #756 ---
thanks cfabian..You know what i mean when i say indicators..

This is a handy tool..Thanks again for posting it.

answering your question, the method itself deals with ranging markets by its nature..We'll end up trading less if we stick to our rules.To be honest I don't bother myself for 40-70 pips.

What I like to do is:

lets say I spent 150 pips to establish 4 positions.I close smallest of them as it reaches to like 250 pips to cover all my expenses and add more on top while I let others run for more.

--- 帖子 #757 ---
its a matter of diversification..

for ex.currently I would like my longs on eu between 1.4 and 1.45 levels and close some of them as it reaches 1.5 level and close some of them as I get an opposite weekly signal and let rest die at b.e in case price may reverse back to my initial direction.

If your latest position covers all your expenses by doing that.go ahead.

--- 帖子 #758 ---
totally agree

--- 帖子 #759 ---
It was not a clear setup but I also checked it in 5min and there was no good entry opportunity.

--- 帖子 #760 ---
That's Perfect idea.

The best way to trade in this market is to find strong level as nomask suggests and please go to other thread if wants to guide for trading by indicators

Let this thread goes ahead like this i ask all traders,Please

Tania

--- 帖子 #761 ---
thanks a lot Tania

--- 帖子 #762 ---
Thanks nomask

--- 帖子 #763 ---
have been watching this pair but no entry yet..

--- 帖子 #764 ---
I was close to do my first try of the week but did not convince me to do so.

--- 帖子 #765 ---
It s Monday. No News, No Move. Maybe Long afther Chicago Open at 9.15 AM NY time

4406 or 4375

--- 帖子 #766 ---
finally took a trade on gbpusd..not the best move yet but I think I'll be able to move it to b.e soon

--- 帖子 #767 ---
Curious - what news release was it? i got in on the early part and got a bit lucky, but the two calendars I check had nothing for a while

--- 帖子 #768 ---
http://www.forexfactory.com/images/misc/viewchart.gif 15:30 USD

Trade Balance

5min after the first bullish engulfing candle on the chart.

moved to b.e

--- 帖子 #769 ---
Hi Nomask

What is the strategy to book profit in this GUsd long? Even I have a long pos.

--- 帖子 #770 ---
You may want to go back and read the thread for the answer.

--- 帖子 #771 ---
hi nomask

i have just joined ff and this is my 1st post.i have been following this thread for a few weeks and am now trying to demo your stratergy.

i took 2 trades today

1st arrow stopped out

2nd arrow stopped out

3rd arrow missed as i had to go outhttp://www.forexfactory.com/images/icons/icon9.gif

could you please let me know what i should have seen on the first 2 trades that would have kept me out.?

also i would like to say thanks for taking time to do this thread and teaching novices like myselfhttp://www.forexfactory.com/images/icons/icon7.gif

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #772 ---
I try to take profits at  the next major levels.

--- 帖子 #773 ---
here what I've gone through with this pair yesterday..

I had one long trade and died at b.e

--- 帖子 #774 ---
two pairs two scnearios..

--- 帖子 #775 ---
Even UsdJpy is posting a good bullish reversal candle, can this also be considered as good setup candle? (ofcourse, if it close a is or better)

--- 帖子 #776 ---
Hi Friends

Here is an indicator that throws alert when the price is certain pre-defined pips away from various trend line levels like Fib lines, trend lines etc. It is not mine but found in FF forum, thought would be helpful for folks following this thread.

--- 帖子 #777 ---
ej made a very good move..hope you guys able to catch that.

--- 帖子 #778 ---
I'm confused on how you drew your Fibs on that last 5 min chart Nomask. From what it looks like you have your Fib from the low of that 4 hour candle to the recent move up. Is this how we are to draw Fibs on pinish looking bars?

--- 帖子 #779 ---
I was lucky to have opened 2 EU trades today.  I was rather aggressive and both trades are based on PA.

--- 帖子 #780 ---
we need a swing up when looking to go long..

--- 帖子 #781 ---
ej trade died at b.e too..

it went up 120 pips but came back all  the way down to the entry level.

--- 帖子 #782 ---
Oh, I thought we were supposed to draw it on the high of the previous candle and the low of the previous candle. But the way you have it drawn now is more logical.

--- 帖子 #783 ---
I admit sometimes get lost as to the points where to place the fibs. As per previous examples I also drew them from the extremes of my H4, and not just grabbing the last move of it in my direction. Would you say this last sentence is the correct way to place them?

Looks like the EJ is preparing to do its bullish move. Let's see.

While analyzing your EJ 5M chart, the very first 3 candles on the "same story as yesterday box" are a setup to me. I wonder if you didn't consider it as you want the 2nd bullish candle to close strong (more body than previous plus no wick to the up side)?

Really loving this thing, totally fits my personality... you're a genius. Would be just a matter of turning profitable LOL. Would be great if I could trade London as well.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #784 ---
Hi Nomask

Thanks again for the time you have devoted for others but it seems these days you are too busy to have valuable analysis on EU

Cheers

Tania

--- 帖子 #785 ---
If you already bought and failed in that box area then you should wait for your second try until price gets out of that box.

--- 帖子 #786 ---
Both of my EU trades posted yesterday died.  I set one of my BE too large - 60 pips.  If I had set at 30pips, it would still be alive now.... I did not manage to enter any trade from asia-uk.  Hopefully New York session will provide me an opportunity.

Jimi

--- 帖子 #787 ---
eu is going nowhere these days..

--- 帖子 #788 ---
Thanks, For UR suggestion

Tania

--- 帖子 #789 ---
I'm watching this pair closely as well. This pinbar is against our weekly hindsight so I wouldn't be taking any trades off it. I'm waiting for a bullish 240 min candle closing above 1.05.

--- 帖子 #790 ---
I rarely countertrade..maybe once in a month..

When I countertrade I really want to see the price moving away from my entry as quick as possible.

This is a very good example of it.

in 10 mins. you're good to move it to b.e..

--- 帖子 #791 ---
Took long on GBPUSD at 1.6323. Let me know what you think about this setup.

--- 帖子 #792 ---
trading inside bars not reliable imho..only setup I would be interested in your case is buying at the bottom of that inside bar..

but the bottom is very close to setup bar's low...no good setup

--- 帖子 #793 ---
Took long on AUDUSD at 1.0503. I'm being very cautious with this trade because we have bearish engulfing on 240 min chart.

I'm also still in my GBPUSD long. Was debating closing the position but it was literally the first signal I've gotten all week so I wanted to give it a little bit of wiggle room. Had visual stop of 12 pips which is relatively large.

Update: Took small loss on AUDUSD and B/E on GBPUSD.

--- 帖子 #794 ---
I didn't see this setup on my H4. It was a nice 100 pip ride.

This week was kind of borring wasn't it? Besides one stupidity I made due desperation that caused me losses (leason learnt), I was just able to take a scalp on EJ to get 20 pips.

http://i51.tinypic.com/2yx41ao.jpg

--- 帖子 #795 ---
The thread has been quiet this weekend. I hope everyone is doing well. My second EUR/USD position died at the retrace, but I hope my position at 1.43113 from 2 weeks ago survives the pullback.

What pairs are hot for this week? GBPAUD, USDJPY and USDCHF seem like they have setups on the weekly. GBPJPY and EJ both have large engulfing candles on the weekly, as well.

Your thoughts?

Edit: I'm looking at the MB Trading charts

--- 帖子 #796 ---
not so many pairs at good levels with good p.a

but usdchf caught my eyes with this setup.

--- 帖子 #797 ---
What are we supposed to do with EURUSD? PA has already closed outside our Fib levels. I suppose we could still look for PA around the black line I have drawn.

--- 帖子 #798 ---
Thats about the only thing we can do...

--- 帖子 #799 ---
Its been moving against my hindsight since the test of 1.45 level.

This is the time to sit back and let the price show its hand to you.

--- 帖子 #800 ---
eyes will be on nzdusd by the end of this week.

--- 帖子 #801 ---
I'm currently looking at this setup. Test of 90 and we've just broken out of a tight range on 240 min chart. Valid setup?

--- 帖子 #802 ---
no clear setup yet to me.But some would want to test it out little earlier on the 4hr chart..

--- 帖子 #803 ---
no clear setup yet to me.But some would want to test it out little earlier on the 4hr chart..

--- 帖子 #804 ---
no clear setup yet to me.But some would want to test it out little earlier on the 4hr chart..

--- 帖子 #805 ---
Tks for your accurate Analysis

Tania

--- 帖子 #806 ---
Thanks for the reply Nomask. I also just took a long on AUDUSD at 1.05020 on a 3 bar reversal. Currently its chopping around but I want to give it some time to play out.

Update: Took 5.5 pip loss after that large red 5 min candle.

--- 帖子 #807 ---
nice thread nomask

I will review over the coming weeks when i have some more time

--- 帖子 #808 ---
Nomask,

When are u planning to take profit or move SL to lock profit? 1.5, or any strategy?

It is very tempting to take profits. hahah currently up 350+

I sincerely respected your rules, however, no one knows when market is going next even we analyze it.

Just moved my SL to BE + to avoid the saying "never let a winner turn into a losser" ( I know you never move your SL )

I do believe it will still go up more since it just broke though another level. (Actually it never closed above the level).

Anyways, chart:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #809 ---
I closed 450+ pips this morning on my live account. It was hard enough not to close them at 100! You're a stronger person than I, Sir.

I hope this thread becomes a little more active because it's pure gold. I have currently added a net 18% to my starting live balance. I expect to be up much more than that as time goes on.

Thank you Nomask (and Graeme from Millipede thread) for such an amazing strategy.

--- 帖子 #810 ---
well done. but you missed the 1000 pips. Joke. Congrats on your live account. what is next for you? from 1.45 to 1.6?

--- 帖子 #811 ---
Ha ha. I'm just trying to stick with our weekly hindsight of "up" and watch PA every 4 hours, if possible. We'll see what happens as (last time I checked) the price was ranging on the 5m around the 1.45 level. I'm hoping that I can let my next few legs run longer for 1000+ pips to really start to see the benefit of this strategy, but I have to say it's really nice to see the net positive return on my capital for once.

I've also decided that I was overtrading quite a bit because I shouldn't have had the drawdown that I had after only 2 weeks. I'm going to try to discipline myself by quitting after two losing trades in a 24 hour period (dying on BE does not count). So I have to really make sure I've got a good setup to pull the trigger. Does anyone have any experience with doing something like this? My only worry is that I'll miss that one big winner that's going to run for 1000's of pips!

--- 帖子 #812 ---
I have the same feeling.  Because there are so few trading opportunities, I feel compelled to take all decent set ups.

I started demoing this strategy after 1.4 was crossed, and I have not been able to add a leg.

All of the seven trades that I took were breakouts or double bottoms.  I still haven't taken a PA trade at a Fib level.

--- 帖子 #813 ---
thanks dazzdude..

I heard that a lot "never let a winner...."quote but people mostly take it in a way of just taking profit because of a fear..

As long as you move your stop to b.e its impossible to turn to a loser..

I'll tell your more about the target in my next posts with some charts on.

--- 帖子 #814 ---
Congratulations on that..

Nobody has to make 3000 pips profit with the first trade.

You'll be targeting more and more by the time.just a matter of time and experience.

--- 帖子 #815 ---
Now I can finalize explaining the method with this post..

So far I covered everything that I look for when taking a trade but not the part of experience which you'll gain by the time no matter what trading method you trade..

stick to the rules of being

patient

disciplined

confident and clear.

There is no such thing fixed percent of gain every week..
Evidence:Market does not move in a certain amount of pips every week or day.

There is no fixed reward/risk ratio
Evidence:You never know how many pips market is willing to move.

My humble advice would be do your best in terms of low risk entries and leave rest to the market.

As some of you already know that when I first started this thread i got into a nice setup which I've been holding since and now it passed the 1000 pips level.

If you're new to the thread you can check that detailed trading setup and live entry I made in the earlier pages of the thread.

We are now at either final of or renewing stage of our position.
You are good to close it with 1000 pips profit
as well as waiting this week to end to see if this will be another bullish setup that we might want to target further entering new positions along with our old position alive.

Its all up to you.your gain is directly connected to your risk size but you also need to grow your account.

Our target is riding such moves with more than one position .

I could only have 1 position on for this move and this is just because its my bad and busy period of my other works.

my decision would be that I'd be watching the market closely and see if its making another bullish setup by the end of this week.If not I may close my position and look for the next move.

But If I had more than one position by now I'd diversify some and leave the rest in.

--- 帖子 #816 ---
We covered the whole method with weekly/4hr even 5min. analysis and live trades in 55 pages.

and to be honest YOU DO NOT NEED TO READ NEXT PAGES AFTER THIS POST.

Problem of the most threads in ff is that They don't put a dot for you to realize where the method explanation ends.

THIS IS A DOT.

You have analysis,entry rules and exit in your hands.

No need to make things complicated.

REMEMBER IF YOU CONFUSE YOURSELF

OR TRY TO CATCH EVERY SINGLE MOVE

YOU WILL LOSE YOUR MONEY BIG TIME.

You have witnessed that its possible to catch over 1000 pips by risking 6 pips..

This is the fact and I'd suggest anyone to think about it.

The Market (big guys,brokers,stop hunters,fund managers,banks) want you to risk more.

Don't fall into their trap.

Wait until you see the direction they're headed (Its weekly timeframe)

Wait until you see something medium term traders might be interested to take action (4hr timeframe)

Wait until you see something good for day traders to give us a initial boost to move our entry to break even (5 min timeframe)

By doing this you are being long,medium and short term trader at the same time.

Doens't that just sound cool

Good luck all and thank you all for your continued interest to this thead.

--- 帖子 #817 ---
Nomask, thank you for the excellent building blocks of your strategy and your comprehensive summary in the last posts.

All praise and thanks goes to you.

Many pips to all and Happy Easter !

_________

michael

--- 帖子 #818 ---
Sincerely thanks to you, nomask.

--- 帖子 #819 ---
Many thanks to you. May you more and more green pips

--- 帖子 #820 ---
A million thanks, Nomask. And congrats on those 1k pips (again)!

--- 帖子 #821 ---
Nomask, enjoy those pips, and thanks for sharing your wisdom.

--- 帖子 #822 ---
Well done, Nomask.  Thank you very much.  Sharing your perspective, insight and wisdom has helped to develop mine.  I hope I may contribute like you have sometime in the future.

Kan

--- 帖子 #823 ---
Thanks Nomask for your help and advise.

Happy Easter

Jess

--- 帖子 #824 ---
Nomask, Just I can say thanks and God bless you and your family

Hope to see more of your excellent brilliant and incomparable analysis

Tania

--- 帖子 #825 ---
Thank you all for your warm compliments.best for all.

--- 帖子 #826 ---
That being said as it is a dot, a stop.

Will you be still posting chart as a chartist?

--- 帖子 #827 ---
Thank you for your efforts Nomask! Nice job on the 1000 pips and I hope your wife's new company is having the same success as your trading!

Your method is great and has truly enlightened me. I'm striving to put the same effort and care into my trading as you do into yours.

--- 帖子 #828 ---
Merci et Bravo Nomask!

--- 帖子 #829 ---
Congratz on 1k pips.. Hope someone can do a pdf for all Nomask contribution include the chart and his words. Tq

--- 帖子 #830 ---
http://www.forexfactory.com/misc.php...1454&hideimg=1

You should do one yourself, it is very enjoyable. I had one for myself.

--- 帖子 #831 ---
Thank you for sharing.

--- 帖子 #832 ---
I will be.But more likely short weekly analysis and maybe 4hr setups if I can have some time rather than long explanations of the method.

Thank you a lot for your nice wish..

We are at the stage of funding the bussiness which is the painful process..

Hope we can make it to the enjoyful part
Keep that in mind when you execute a trade you actually buying something that you see on your chart..
Ask yourself if it is really worthy and deserves your hard earned money to be put on.

--- 帖子 #833 ---
Thank you guys again..

--- 帖子 #834 ---
I lost a bit trying to place countertrades the past 24 hours. I guess I'm the only idiot that didn't see the "bank holiday" thing on the calendar.

I'm still up 12% thanks to this thread from a 24% drawdown. Nomask, I know that living your life, working your job, spending time with loved ones, and helping your wife with her business is much more important, but I really hope you (and this thread) stick around for awhile. Your charts (and insights) have proven to be extremely valuable. I can't thank you enough for the confidence you've given me.

--- 帖子 #835 ---
Indicators can be used with this system?

--- 帖子 #836 ---
Thank you nomask for sharing your method and experience with us. I sincerely appreciate the time and effort you put into helping others being successful in this business. Best wishes to you and your wife's business.

--- 帖子 #837 ---
If you fill your chart with indicators to confuse yourself with the very simple system, then it will become another complicated system....a deviation from the current simple system!

--- 帖子 #838 ---
my eurusd observation.

may it works - who knows that ...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

m5 entry by sonic r

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

looking forward to this thread - realy nice work - nomask

enigma4x

--- 帖子 #839 ---
Not many good pairs this week it seems to me. I'm watching USDCHF and GBPUSD look like the best setups to me.

--- 帖子 #840 ---
we need it to retrace to 50 -61 fibo to place the short position?

http://img823.imageshack.us/img823/1119/75399890.png

Uploaded with ImageShack.us

http://img823.imageshack.us/i/75399890.png/

--- 帖子 #841 ---
pairs that I'll be watching for this week are eu,usdchf,gu,au and gj..

Just got in and out at b.e

--- 帖子 #842 ---
second attempt..but on gu this time...

almost at b.e

not posting higher timeframes..But you can try to find out reason why I'm biased long..

--- 帖子 #843 ---
QED.  Thank you.

--- 帖子 #844 ---
Hi nomask

I've been watching FF forum for several months. I've read your thread 2 weeks ago and I really like this. I've learned and traded fx for 5 years, tried many system or technique but until now I don't know anything helpfull. When I read your system, I know it's simple, logical and suitable with me. So I read all post in your thread and then read it again. Now I can understand your system and trade with it myself start now.

I've just register this forum and writed the first post here to thank you. Your system very helpful to me and your analyses improve my knowlege about forex market so much. I wish you could more and more be succesful!

I start trade with your system this week. When I look at weekly chart, I find the set up from xAU, EU, GU, Uchf and GJ, and now I read your last post I feel happy because I have the same thinking with you.

Thank you again and sorry for my not good English. It's not my mother language.

--- 帖子 #845 ---
Thank you guys..

My long position of gu died at b.e..Its time to set a price alert and leave the charts..

--- 帖子 #846 ---
Always make a trading plan something like

"if price moves here I'll look for this or do that.."

Remember that you need a trading plan for yourself not for the market.You can't discipline the market but only yourself by following your trading plan.Otherwise you'll end up losing control.

--- 帖子 #847 ---
Happy easter to all.

This could be a probable setup, isn't it? We have a weekly pin bar, this is the current H4 PA.

http://i53.tinypic.com/23icfv5.jpg

--- 帖子 #848 ---
Hello Nomask,

I was away from trading for almost 4 weeks. This thread has grown to more than 50 pages. Thank you for your effort to teach us your method. I think I got lots of catch up work.

Thank you again for your wonderful summary.

--- 帖子 #849 ---
that looks sweet..I wonder if it ended like that in your platform..If so then yes it is a setup on 4hr but only thing there is 120 level up needs to be broken..

the weekly made a nice looking pinbar but we can't say its up weekly yet.

but its worth to test it out little early.

--- 帖子 #850 ---
thanks my friend..

nice to see you're back.

--- 帖子 #851 ---
pairs that i'm watching today are

gu,eu,gj,aj

--- 帖子 #852 ---
remember me talking about trading plan yesterday.

and I mentioned about 1.6430 level to look for a bullish price action first.very simple..Its the level of confluence

Its just playing as I expected.

Now I know what to do ..If the current 4hr closes as it is I'll be looking to long this pair.

--- 帖子 #853 ---
dont think price will go up to 6430/ Are u going to enter at current price?

--- 帖子 #854 ---
1.6430 is down and already tested by the price with 7 pip difference according to my chart

--- 帖子 #855 ---
I believe there are some other platforms with different timezone that signaled this move up (possibly with a pinbar) earlier than mine..

I still have to wait over an hour for my 4hr to complete before considering any entry

--- 帖子 #856 ---
Sleeping sucks! Just woke up to see the most obvious setup work perfectly. I'm looking for a retrace on the current 240 min candle.

Doesn't look like its going to come back for me...back to bed.

--- 帖子 #857 ---
Its allright and part of the trading.Happens to me too..

That pinbar looked so good though

--- 帖子 #858 ---
I don't intent to post live trades..But I just wanted to show what I go through when I'm about to take a trade or not..

--- 帖子 #859 ---
Oh come on, it can't be that bad.

--- 帖子 #860 ---
I took a long but closed it with 5 pips loss..

That big bullish bar on 5min was my place to hide my stop behind visually..I closed it as price came down to its low

--- 帖子 #861 ---
Nonask,

This is how my cnadle ended. So no setup was given. However, the very next candle presented a bullish momentum, but no clear entries. There was one breakout almost right after its closure, but looks like would have ended in BE. When you say the 120 level needs to be broken, you mean it is better to wait until price breaks it, or try to get a position back down before it "breaks"?

Also, why we couldn't say it is not up weekly yet? Because no momentum candle on the W1? A nice pin bar is not suficient?

http://i52.tinypic.com/d89yc.jpg

This is the M5 on the green H4 candle.

http://i51.tinypic.com/2dcials.jpg

--- 帖子 #862 ---
to consider the weekly t.f up ,I'd like to see a bullish price action with a close above the major level which being 120 in this case.

anything without this would be an early test which is okay as long as its not over traded.But I'd prefer something to trade that does not have to deal with a major level anytime soon.Because price may over react and cause fluctuations around major levels.

--- 帖子 #863 ---
Although Its almost out of my trading time now,I'll give it a small try if this candle closes as it is..

when I said "outside bar" on the chart I meant the big bullish bar 2 bars before

--- 帖子 #864 ---
thanks for  your sharing,  i learn much from your thread.

--- 帖子 #865 ---
Nomask, I decided to contribute to salute your sharing:

First, define the R/S and come up with a plan:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Then I spotted a Bearish Engulfing Bar this morning
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Then put a fib the weekly bar, switch to H4, found the first Bearish Pattern, highlighted in Blue:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Then have a fib on those two red bars(bearish pattern), and found a pinbar off 61.8 of the fib.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Move the SL to BE:
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Then missed a pinbar off the 2nd chance, Bearish Engulfing bar on H4.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Still watching PA

--- 帖子 #866 ---
Thank you nomask,

I found that it is getting difficult to step in the move with M5. It is so much monitor time for the entry points, unless I'm doing something wrong.

I wonder what would you suggest to prevent this and be able to trade at the office, LOL.

--- 帖子 #867 ---
Six weeks ago I started using sup/res on the weekly time frame. I would wait for price to get to sup/res then go down to the 5min and sometimes 1min for my entry. The first two weeks I demo and had great trades. I then trade on my live account for the last four weeks and I have had winning weeks every week. I thought I would check around and see if anyone else might be doing this and I have found this great thread. After reading all the post I can say that I am really on to something with this system. Thank you nomask for starting this thread.

--- 帖子 #868 ---
get a 3g smartphone and check your 5 min chart on it and pretend you're checking your emails and stuff

that's what I used to do..

--- 帖子 #869 ---
welcome and congratz on your journey jag..

--- 帖子 #870 ---
I did take a trade for this position as I mentioed yesterday in my least favourite market hours (out of london session) only because of the good setup.

But ended at b.e

--- 帖子 #871 ---
Hi Nomask

Tks again but waiting for UR analysis after FOMC

Tania

--- 帖子 #872 ---
time will tell us..I haven't taken any trades today.not because it was a crazy fomc day but there was no setup as per method.

--- 帖子 #873 ---
Thank you nomask anyway

have good day

--- 帖子 #874 ---
Dear nomask it was 0,618 fibonacci point ( 1,64334). how couldn't you realize that it was a appropriate enter long point. I did nearly 74 pips.

--- 帖子 #875 ---
Hi Nomask,

first of all want to thank you for shareing your knowledge w/ us, your thread w/ this approach is simply amazing (definitely K.I.S.S. system). Just want to know, if you use any tool for moving your SL to BE after some pips in +

Because I see from your screenshot, that you have buy and left to bed

Then you was not able to move SL to BE.

Thanks for answer.

--- 帖子 #876 ---
I can see he did(from the last chart he draw), but he waited for another signal from 5m chart after the 4H set up for entry

Correct me if I'm wrong.

--- 帖子 #877 ---
dear born4forex,

thank you for your response. honestly i'm very amateur on fx markets, i only try to use fibonacci points and trend lines. i do not know how to determine signals. so if you know any post that i can find and read about this, please copy with your further comment.

thanks

--- 帖子 #878 ---
hi hbk

I said base on what I read on this thread. You can read this thread start page 1. There are many nomask's post about his method. When I read his, I feel it's clear and not so much complicated. Maybe you should try.

Hope it help.

--- 帖子 #879 ---
HB,

I don't think your entry was as per method. Although profitable, you should've waited for a confirmation candle, and not just jumping in at the fib line in a bearish candle. Just my observation.

Nice pips anyways... keep it on

--- 帖子 #880 ---
I was about to enter on the selected candle. Did not enter as the candle was 40 pips long, and was freaked about the big stop. It would've resulted in 160 pips so far in the trade.

http://i56.tinypic.com/ek2r8x.jpg

--- 帖子 #881 ---
Congratz on that but I'm not sure if you refering to the method that I trade.

Because its not a "trade the major levels on 5min method".I see some still take it that way though.

Its more different than that and I can show hundreds of levels on 5min chart they're all important for different reasons..

But the key is kiss.

one weekly setup

one 4hr setup

and one 5 min setup..If you look for those three anytime then you can see things like I do.

--- 帖子 #882 ---
99% of the time I watch my trades until I move it to b.e..

But sometimes If i entered in slow market hours (its rare and there must be very good reason to do so) I put my tiny sl and go to bed..

in terms of pips I like to move it to b.e after passing +20 pips..

But sometimes I don't even wait for that much because of the price actions.

--- 帖子 #883 ---
I'm glad somebody asked this question because I keep forgetting to cover this matter..

I don't like risking too much either but If there is a setup that "you feel comfortable and confident" about the direction price might be heading to then you can enter regardless of the size of the entry candle as long as you keep your stop size controlled.

you can find an example on the attached charts.

--- 帖子 #884 ---
I do respect newstraders and daytraders and I'm well aware of the fact fundamentals is the fuel of the price..I can even say that I need their push,volume for my positions to survive but I wanted to cover something that I find interesting.

--- 帖子 #885 ---
I traded this double bottom setup.

Started nice, had +25 pips, but decided to close it at the cross mark. The reason was that no matter we are on an uptrend, we had no momentum to long on H1 or H4. Closed it with +14. Would have died at BE anyways, and NY lunch time was close, so it would slow the market and I don't like that if don't have enough "cushion".

http://i52.tinypic.com/2r4j23p.jpg

--- 帖子 #886 ---
And now the sucker is leaving without me....

http://i52.tinypic.com/2eojgc2.jpg

--- 帖子 #887 ---
Wouldn't feel too bad. 4 hour chart isn't telling us long yet. I don't think there will be any opportunities tomorrow. I just want to see a pullback next week so I can hopefully get on board.

--- 帖子 #888 ---
Yep, as stated on the post of my entry, I was aware of that so I had my finger on the mouse ready to click a close. It was just a double bottom trade.

Let's wait for more setups.

--- 帖子 #889 ---
Good morning guys..I wish everyone have a nice friday.

Hello cfabian..about your entry on 5min you spotted correctly that you had no 4hr p.a to go long yet..No matter whether the price moved in your direction or not..

these type of entries can make you money from time to time but overall I find them unreliable,not profitable and over exposed.

I'm still holding my long on gu..and not opened anymore position since then as I did not have any chance to do so.

--- 帖子 #890 ---
One thing to repeat..

Don't force yourself to "see" setups.

When its there you'll know its there for sure.

When you purchase something you want to know everything about it before paying.

same with forex.

If you can't see clearly what you're buying then keep your money in your pocket for the next opportunity which will be clearer.If its not, wait for the next one until you get something worthy.

We should be trying to trade over thousand pips, not to make daily pips.

--- 帖子 #891 ---
I have also one long position GU and still can't find another good opportunity to add position. Can I know which price you entered long?

--- 帖子 #892 ---
Here is a pair that I always want to trade but end up missing its move due to timezone difference.

--- 帖子 #893 ---
http://www.forexfactory.com/showpost...&postcount=884

its in one page before..

--- 帖子 #894 ---
What pair is this? it cannot be seen on the charts. Cheers

--- 帖子 #895 ---
usdchf

--- 帖子 #896 ---
USDCHF and USDCAD, as well as EURUSD and AUDUSD (although approaching 1.5 and 1.1 respectively) look good. I will also be looking for 240 min breakouts of .8100 on NZDUSD.

I know Nomask talks a lot early on in the thread about trading only EURUSD but I must say I've enjoyed your commentary on other pairs Nomask. I also think looking at more pairs will actually stop one from over trading and taking bad setups. I find it easier to trade a lot of pairs only taking the clearest and best setups.

--- 帖子 #897 ---
hi,nomask & everybody;

thx you for giving us a so good strategy，and i will follow your thread......

--- 帖子 #898 ---
Hi Nomask,

This is a wonderful piece of work you have put together. Though i am new here and i hope to learn with you.

In fact, this is how to K.I.S.S( Keep It Simple and Smart).

I appreciate your effort, time and energy you have put forth to make this possible.

keep it up

--- 帖子 #899 ---
Hi Nomask

Firstly, a big thank you for starting this thread. Your approach has certainly instilled some much needed discipline in my trading.

Can I ask a question about the obvious set up pin bar you noted above, the one you missed due to being in the wrong time zone. Would that pin bar on the 4Hr have been sufficient price action having bounced off the 50% line for you to start looking at 5 min chart or would you still wait for a confirmation bar afterwards on the 4 hr and do you have any specific criteria for confirmation bars?

Thanks in advance.

--- 帖子 #900 ---
Ok, looks like today everybody is in a bank day but me.

Nomask and gang, although this method is what really fits my personality, I'm having great issues with the M5, mainly because of lack of time as have fulltime job.

Please do not interpret this as I want to change the original method, but mainly look for alternatives for those like me who struggle with screen time.

Thus, I want to ask the forum if someone has thought about other entry technique that give us more time? At first I'm thinking on using M15 candles, what of course implies larger SL, but I don't care as long as can be more relaxed and have more time to act. Please note I'm good with the W1 H4 analysis to get bias, and wouldn't want to go something larger.

Nomask, any suggestions around this?

Cheers

--- 帖子 #901 ---
I have a lot of screentime issues due to my job, my girl, and the need to sleep every now and again . One thing to consider is that you could get a demo from a broker that's GMT+1, 2, +3, etc. I'm fairly certain there is a new four hour candle every hour depending on the broker. I use Alpari, FXDD, and MBT. I've heard FXPro has another 4 hour candle time, but I haven't verified this. The nice thing about Nomask's method, is that once you see the retrace setup on the weekly/four hour, then you can really choose any entry method that you please and hold it for the big moves. There are quite a few 15M entry methods on the forums (Sonic, EOHater/Ken Lee, to name a couple). I am trying to demo the two I just mentioned, but find myself going back to simple 5M moves based on Nomask's teachings. There are a lot of entry methods on the Equity Millipede thread, as well. If you have only an hour before you have to go to work, on the 15M you essentially have 4 candles to enter from instead 12 on the 5M. I prefer the latter. Having the multiple broker charts seems to help finding the right place to enter when you're pressed for time, though.

I hope this helps, man. Happy pips!

--- 帖子 #902 ---
It seems that I remain (and will remain  ) profitable using this method. I've experienced some drawdown with the double top entry method on the 5M, though. Very often it'll go triple top or just stay in that range ad nauseum. Have you found the double bottom entry on the fib line to be a hard hitting entry? I've made all of my pips from breakouts thus far. Is there anything else you'd suggest that we do to "screen" these double bottom entries?

Thank you again for all that you do!

P.S. We're still bullish on Cable and the Euro, right? Keeping my BE positions open at 500+ pips is still a massive struggle for me.

--- 帖子 #903 ---
Hi everybody

Hope you have a good day so far

As Wed. we have important news for US and there is another problem as all U know about BenLoden waiting for Nomask to guide us

Tania

--- 帖子 #904 ---
May It breaks Fibo Level Or gets back as i mentioned

--- 帖子 #905 ---
I still trade eu mainly..But nothing wrong adding some good looking pairs into your trading bucket as long as you have enough time and attention to do so.

--- 帖子 #906 ---
thank you guys and welcome to thread.

a nice lookig pinbar on 4hr is always enough to look for an entry on 5 min.But in terms of entering on 5min,we do need a confirmation candle after a pinbar since we also need momentum other than price action to enter.There are some examples in the earlier pages of the thread for those type of entries typical pinbar and confirmation candle setups..

--- 帖子 #907 ---
If its the only problem for you then you can easily try to enter on 15 min or even 1 hr just by using little larger stops.

You need to modify any type of method depending on your personal matters.

--- 帖子 #908 ---
I know a professional mentor who only trades double top and double bottom setups on 5min charts.His reason is very simple and logical.He says they're the easiest setup to catch by the mass majority which I agree with..

p.s:hold your pips tight

--- 帖子 #909 ---
You're a bit tricky..I thought your chart was 4hr not "1hr"..

I don't like them as my medium chart..I like at least 4hr to consider as medium chart..

Things on eu need to be watched for now..

chart attached.

--- 帖子 #910 ---
Which pairs are looking good for this week? USD/JPY doesn't look bad. Actually anything short the dollar seems to be a safe bet on the weekly. Aussie found resistance at the major line, though. What do you think, Nomask and friends?

--- 帖子 #911 ---
Yep, UJ looks like its going to break down, however I found this pair kind of slow so don't like it that much. I try to stick to EU, GU and EJ.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #912 ---
watching eu..good looking setup currently on.

--- 帖子 #913 ---
nomask , are you in this 4hr bar or waiting for confirming this pinbar valid?

--- 帖子 #914 ---
Sigh, do not know what happen to GU this evening caused the sharp drop. My position died at BE just like that.

--- 帖子 #915 ---
Tks for your suggestion but if u look at the Upper-Left side of window u see H1 not H4 also for interpreting i fully agree  with you( H4)

But for short trading H1 and M5 as i did today at that time,and i got 23 pips within 6 min.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #916 ---
Took long at 1.4836. Price just hovering around my entry. Hopefully it will move up soon.

Just took 9 pip loss including spread. Last few entries have hardly even gone in the green at all...frustrating...

--- 帖子 #917 ---
That prcie close to Major line resistance 1.5000 so I dont think it's good for long. Good luck to you but I think It will hit sl soon.

--- 帖子 #918 ---
Yeah you are right, price was too close to 1.5. We are def. in a watching zone right now.

--- 帖子 #919 ---
I see good set up on Eu/Cad Weely chart, can u check it with me.

--- 帖子 #920 ---
em,it looks like double bottom and at the fibo  50%,it's a good chance ,am i right?

--- 帖子 #921 ---
I think you're talking about H4 chart and I agree with you. That's almost engulfing candle and double bottom at 50% fibo resistance

--- 帖子 #922 ---
EurUsd Key Levels

1.4764-1.4793

1.4784-1.4813

1.4814-1.4833

1.4830-1.4856

1.4841-1.4870

1.4864-1.4875

1.4838-1.4890

1.4864-1.4913

1.4910-1.4836

1.4827-1.4844

For those who sell and Buy on levels not for log term trading

Tania

--- 帖子 #923 ---
Sorry I couldn't reply sooner I just got out of work. Luckily I didn't miss any setups today as this was a rare occasion for me to have to work a morning shift during a weekday.

I've attached my EURCAD chart. I've also included my 4 hour chart analysis. Looks like a possible wedge setup could have been caught this morning (not using Nomask's method). I personally like to be a bit more aggressive when looking for patterns and signal bars on 4 hour chart. I would not have taken it just because of double top potential plus I was sleeping.

Weekly candle looks good so far. Possibly a good pair to watch next week. Thanks for alerting me and everyone else. This is a pair I haven't ever looked at before and the spread doesn't seem too extreme (about 2.8 pips for me).

--- 帖子 #924 ---
I'm not sure where this is coming from. Long term trading (1000k+ pips) is the purpose of this thread. Our key levels are the major lines 1.4, 1.5, 1.6 and the .5 levels between them. I beat myself up for closing out at 500 pips when our goal is for 1k+ moves. Please keep the thread on target because it's one of the best ideas on this forum, in my opinion.

That being said, EU's been sneaking toward the 1.5 mark. If anyone has positions opened at 1.35 from earlier on in this thread, CONGRATS. I salute you for doing what I am having serious problems doing. I think Nomask still has that one going.

I hope we hit 1.5 and beyond because I hold one EU position from the medium line. (another 500 pip move that I'll probably not have the guts to hold any longer ) My cable position went from 260 pips to about 10 or so from the big spikedown yesterday. It's barely hanging on at BE. These emotional hurdles are so damned hard to deal with. I hope both pairs move north. We'll probably see these pairs go one way or the other after tomorrow's ECB news/Friday's NFP and we'll have a good idea where we stand next week.

Happy pips to all!

--- 帖子 #925 ---
Hi

Tks For UR suggestion but you didn't see my Fibo Pic. about this pair and as you know these days you can't find clear trending direction for this pair and it is ranging between 1.4685 and 1.4900 so what you mean? also no one asks you whether you are sure or not?

and i didn't suggest any system for trading , they are just some levels for trading and it's not against this thread

Have a good day 500 pips sir

Tania

--- 帖子 #926 ---
I did not mean any disrespect. If you were posting about long term trading per Nomask's methods, then I apologize.

I believe that this thread (and Graeme's) have the capacity to change lives. I am happy with the results on my live account so far using this methodology and I know that with some patience that I will reach my goals. I hope that this thread stays alive (and focused) for a long time so that others can say the same thing.

Back to trading: Nomask and friends - What are your thoughts on taking a trade off of a bounce of the lowest low of a (small) 4 hour pinbar? I realize it's riskier than a double bottom or a pinbar on a fib level which is why I only took it on demo, but it's on the lowest point of the 4 hour wick if it ends up going our direction. I have a GU position alive from 4/27 that had a similar setup. The red line was a 5M (4 pip SL) entry taken now at BE. If EU smashes northward out of her range, I'm going to be kicking myself for taking this trade on demo.

--- 帖子 #927 ---
Good morning everyone..I'm extra busy (will be for a while) recently.Sorry for being late to catch up with you guys.

I entered for the pinbar you asked me and ended with 5 pips loss..

--- 帖子 #928 ---
get use to it my friend

It'll be worse than this.Trust me

--- 帖子 #929 ---
I'm happy for your pips but maybe you missed a thousand-pip ride by doing that?

think about it.

--- 帖子 #930 ---
What I've experienced is when it doesnt move into your direction quickly,usually price gets in a consolidation or move to opposite direction.

--- 帖子 #931 ---
I don't have this pair in my list but that was a very nice setup.Good catch.

--- 帖子 #932 ---
Good work Jason.

This pain (emotional hurdles) will make you even stronger trader.Don't worry about larger pips for now..Once you hit 500 pips you'll start craving for 1000 pips or so when you see your position could grow into 1000 pips if you didn't close it.

But nothing wrong with taking profit at 500 pips..Its nice trade.

--- 帖子 #933 ---
When there is a consolidation you can trade bottoms and tops if there are some price actions but also you can wait until price gets out of its range.

--- 帖子 #934 ---
Nomask,

I am very happy that I found this thread of yours. I truly missed your insight on the equity millipede thread.

I really enjoy the simple way that you look at the market and manage to ignore all the noise around you...I'm starting to realize it's harder than it seems.

Personally, I've taken a break from trading for a while and am looking to get back into it. I've read a few of your past posts and it looks like you we're pretty much on the dot about EU going to 1.5 after it passes 1.4.

I'm just wondering what your trading strategy is right now? Are you in the watching stage or are you still probing with long positions? I know I'm a bit hesitant to start trading with the trend here as we're nearing a big resistance area. I'd love to get your ideas.

Cheers,

Ardi

--- 帖子 #935 ---
Imho,This seems like a very aggresive entry.Sometimes it'll work out initially but later on it may die at b.e because It did not have enough push to move further.Because it was a risky entry and mass orders don't like risky entries.It needs to be clear and obvious.

for entering at bottom (or top),I'd be only interested in inside bars.They're great for this type of trading.example attached.

--- 帖子 #936 ---
Thanks a lot Ardi..

I did take a break in the past too..

They say when you come back after a break you do better in trading..True for me.

Basically I'm biased still long since there is no short setup on the weekly yet.But sure I get extra picky in terms of opening new longs when we're right below the 1.5 level.

If this week makes a close above it,I'll keep my hindsight as it is (long)

If this week touches 1.5 level and makes a bearish setup (pinbar,engulfing candle) then I'll start looking to short.

--- 帖子 #937 ---
Thanks a lot nomask

But market so crazy today, I like watching now

--- 帖子 #938 ---
Hi guys . I use similar system for my trading . Many of you complain for the missing trades because work or diff time zone. To solve this you can use program Ea call MAGICK STICK. You draw you support resistance or any other line and they become your buy or sell orders … So google it . Thay selling it for 1000 $$ but you can find free one on net. Check youtube for videos.
Vit

--- 帖子 #939 ---
Thanks nomask

The pair gets down like 2009 but i am all ear for your suggestion when it's time for returning from 1.4

Have a good day all

--- 帖子 #940 ---
Today was a heavy nailing for me.

Not sure what made markets mode like they did, but such a move really distracted my bias and I'm unsure what to do. Nomask, I'll await for your reading on the setups. don't want to get screwed again.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #941 ---
If prices stay where they are, by the end of today BEE and BEO on both EU and GU weekly are expected to form off major levels coupled with double tops from November 09.

According to the method longs should be closed and wait to establish shorts next week.

Of course nomask's views on these turning point set ups are appreciated.

--- 帖子 #942 ---
Stay off the battle..Hardest time for trading is when the main direction is about to change..I'm not saying its changing now but we have an engulfing weekly candle forming on eu which means bears came in the game..

However You never know what happens after the major news release today but if it closes as it is then we'll have a bearish weekly price action with a bullish target (1.5) sitting up that has not been hit yet..

To me this is a confliction.So when there is a confliction between a major target and a weekly price action like now its better to be extra conservative.

I'm watching it how its going to react around 1.45 level which is our intention level of this method.Its important to have an idea about the intention of the market..If it hesitates around that level there is a higher chance that price will continue its up move but if it breaks through determined then it most likely brings further move down.

You can always make small attempts but never ever over trade.

here is another pair attached ,looking better than eu for a setup.

--- 帖子 #943 ---
Good plan but It depends on how many positions you have..

If you had two positions now you'd close one upon bearish weekly p.a and start doing small counter trades (down) while your first position is still on in case price continues its up move.

--- 帖子 #944 ---
Thank you very much for your nice Picture Nomask

Have a good weekend

Tania

--- 帖子 #945 ---
This is an interesting day

--- 帖子 #946 ---
I had one long entry on the last pinbar and ended with 10 pips loss

--- 帖子 #947 ---
We are also at the 50% retrace of last months big bold up candle.  Combined with the median level of 1.45 and prior resistance now becoming  support, and a trendline coming into view...I will be looking for  bullish PA on 240 min.

Edit: Looks like EURUSD is headed down. EURCAD weekly also looks very good for shorts.

--- 帖子 #948 ---
Had same trade. This was added to my loses.

--- 帖子 #949 ---
this is all part of the game..no gain without pain

--- 帖子 #950 ---
It was fundamentals this time. Trichet's comments at the ECB Press Conference on Thursday caused the huge sell-off almost immediately. Most investors expected a rate hike on the Euro in June and his conference did not point to that fact.

It's very difficult to deal with positions of 600 pips or more dying on break even. I didn't think it would be that hard to deal with, but it's an emotional battle that I'm definitely dealing with.

Hopefully next week is less painful. This week killed me. I still ended up profitable (barely). At least I can say that in my first month live trading, I didn't lose my shirt. I owe that to you, Mr. Nomask.

So.... are we going long on the dollar next week?

--- 帖子 #951 ---
Agree, but his week was truly a mess. As we can see from EU, GU and EJ, all closed with engulfing bearish weekly candle, and some are crossing mid levels (1.45) down. So I wonder what is your point of view? this can point to another bearish week before it pulls back I guess. We are standing at an interesting not easy point.

Thanks a lot

--- 帖子 #952 ---
especially love this strategy with my favorite volatile JPY pairs-- ideal scenario: have positions on both sides and let the market slug it out!

--- 帖子 #953 ---
Last week was a painful one just because some pairs went against our main hindsight.In fact for some pairs I changed my weekly hindsight due to price actions on major lines.

some good looking pairs are attached

--- 帖子 #954 ---
Great charts nomask. I am going to be actively watching those pairs and some more this week to see what happens at the retracement levels (if it gets there).

Always glad to get your insight.

Ardi

--- 帖子 #955 ---
Hi Nomask,

Thanks for the charts. AUD/USD and NZD/USD pairs are in my To-Be-Watched list.

--- 帖子 #956 ---
Hi nomask

Thanks for sharing your chart, I really like the set up from NZD/USD and USD/JP, I will watching them closely

--- 帖子 #957 ---
Nomask, if you could, please show your fibs on the 4 hour charts (especially U/J)

Thanks!!

--- 帖子 #958 ---
One of the main things I have taken form this excellent thread is the continuous emphasis on avoiding Overtrading. Since reading it I have recognized more clearly the dangers of this and am better off financially and psychologically as a result. Previously I was trading at certain specific times of the day every day and found this was leading me to try to `force` the trade. Now I am much more picky and waiting for much clearer signals as well as spending a lot more time away from the computer -end result= more money.

Thank you for your repeated advice Nomask-- it has finally sunk in!

cheers,

greg

--- 帖子 #959 ---
here are my fibs on 4hr

--- 帖子 #960 ---
You're welcome Greg.

You're right that I've been talking about overtrading a lot..Because its very important yet I can't talk enough of it.

There are two main reasons behind why you should avoid overtrading.

1.It makes you lose money by making sloppy entries.

2.This is even more important.You miss real opportunities because of overtrading.

Lets say you made 3-4 really bad entries (and you know you been overtrading).You just felt you must trade and lost quite amount of your capital.

But right after your overtrading you get a real opportunity (very simple,low risk,easy to catch) but this time you're scared to take it because of your previous losses.

So overtrading damages you both financially and psychologically which is the end of story for a trader.

--- 帖子 #961 ---
Hmmm.  Ain't that the truth.  That is exactly what happens. And the one you don't pull the trigger on is the one you really should have been on. Great advice.

--- 帖子 #962 ---
Hi nomask

Thanks again for your good suggestion for trading so i think one of these levels should be broken to see the pair in above till 1.45 and in downward direction to 1.4185 in H1

--- 帖子 #963 ---
As i mentioned for breaking the level for entry, now i think we have to wait these levels according to Fibo for downtrend touch this week:

1.4235>1.4167>1.4039>1.3965>1.3880>1.3675

Of course 1.4039 is strong support

--- 帖子 #964 ---
Hi Nomask...nice & easy method  I've used fibs quite a bit in my trading and mostly found it challenging when it came to where to draw them from and to with wave counting, or chart patterns to complicate things...this is just plain straightforward.

Would you mind providing a little clarification on how you define a "pinbar"? You've stated you don't really care for hanging men, hammers etc, but some of the candles that you call pinbars seem to look just like them.

And as for engulfing patterns, do you go by the definition where the body of the current bar engulfs the body of the prior bar?, or using the "outside" bar definition which the H/L of the current bar engulfs the H/L of the prior bar?

Your efforts to put up good chart examples with commentary has been very much appreciated

--- 帖子 #965 ---
my hindsight from last week told me to short most dollar pairs and jpy pairs with varying degrees of clarity. as often the case for me, monday was a bit choppy and knocked out all my shorts at BE (plus one 10 pip loss) -today looks like the shorts may stick...

--- 帖子 #966 ---
to me there is not much difference between engulfing bars and outside bars as long as they both mean that the direction of the price significantly changed.I like both of them

I don't like inverted hammers,harami,doji kind of things...Because they're not easy to spot.

Engulfing,outside,pinbar and 3 bar reversals my favourite.

in the attached chart,price played as per our hindsight but in the eastern timezone (not mine)..I hope some of you guys were able to take advantage of that pinbar.

--- 帖子 #967 ---
analysed the right entry on 5 min of the last setup on uj

--- 帖子 #968 ---
Long USDJPY. I didn't trade at midnight eastern b/c my charts showed a  hammer instead of a pinbar. 15 min chart looks better than 5 min. I've  attached both.

Update: Out with 3 pip loss. Don't know why it just went sideways for a half hour...

--- 帖子 #969 ---
Really not liking this week's action, probably still the "hangover" after previous weeks sudden plummet.

I'm having difficulty to spot setups, and if you don't spot them right away, not real opportunities as Nomask said. So, guess I'll continue on hold for this session.

Besides, I'm affected psychologically due some bad trades, just as Nomask said it happens. Feared to pull the trigger.

--- 帖子 #970 ---
For those interested in why things happened the way they did last week/this week - this is a fantastic article.

I try to not listen to forecasts based on fundamentals, as I am a technical trader (in training ) , but it's nice to know the "why" behind this sudden change in our hindsight.

http://www.reuters.com/article/2011/...74562320110510

I wish the market would make up her mind already. I added 2 BE positions of U/J and 1 EUR/USD this morning. I'll see if anything is still alive when I get home from work.

--- 帖子 #971 ---
just woke up to see 4 shorts and a long from yesterday all stopped out at BE. One loss for the day at 4 pips including spread.. tricky week so far!

--- 帖子 #972 ---
I would be encouraged with those results to be honest. You managed to make six trades with only 4 pips lost. Minimal expense for potentially great reward.

--- 帖子 #973 ---
+1

--- 帖子 #974 ---
I might be talking out of that part of my body I usually sit on but where you have the entire bias of the weekly candle change as a result of a news release (eurusd), I kinda think that during the next week you are going to spend most of your time sitting on another part of your anatomy - your hands! This method is about patience (as a newbie I finally get it) and I haven't seen anything that would get my fingers itching just yet - but then again maybe I just haven't been paying enough attention!!

--- 帖子 #975 ---
Hi Nomak,

thanks for the sharing and showing us this setup on UJ,  i have been following you on this thread and i have read all through from the start  and trying hard to  interpret all you have been sharing, but some of your post dont appear clear to me bcos i am not a very smart guy.

please for clarity purpose, would you kindly explain and  make this UJ entry clear to me, starting from the higher time frame, what candle sticks on the higher time frame did u put you fib on that determines the fib on the 5 minutes chart.

i hope this explanation will help me understand the rest if you can help.

thanks.

--- 帖子 #976 ---
I got my succesful entry on nzdusd for this week..

Remember,every b.e trade is a succesful trade.All we can do is making low risk entries with break even stops.from there its all market's job to do.

--- 帖子 #977 ---
hope this helps

--- 帖子 #978 ---
this entry died at b.e

It seems like this pair doesn't want to move down anytime soon

--- 帖子 #979 ---
Signing up.

Lenoxer

--- 帖子 #980 ---
Hi nomask

I've been watching this pair, but I can not see 5m set up as you did. I think I am not good at 5m chart. Hope to learn more from you

Good luck!

P/S: I fail to entry this pair again, it moves so fast. Anway hit b.e later

--- 帖子 #981 ---
Before go asleep I have 2 entry: short NZD/USD 7961 and long USD/CAD 95309

NZD/USD +77pips now, but USD/CAD long die with - 9.5pips. What a pity.

--- 帖子 #982 ---
thanks nomask, till explains it all, hope to following you.

well done

--- 帖子 #983 ---
Your patience is astounding. I'd have lost a few trades in those spots that you decided to wait before the trigger was pulled. I have much to learn from you, master.

--- 帖子 #984 ---
thank you guys for following up.

I took another short on nzdusd yesterday.seems like now it has to make a decision soon whether to break down or stay back in the range..

Don't let the market wear you out by its simple games.There is always a low risk setup.Sometimes it happens right after when we're tired or when we say "this thing is not giving me any opportunity to get in"

--- 帖子 #985 ---
I forgot to add this chart with fibs on..

As everybody knows its even more powerful when a fib level matches with previous s/r levels.

--- 帖子 #986 ---
Hi Nomask

Just to thank you for sharing your ideas, thoughts and, most of all, your time with the FF community.

I'm new to trading, been demoing for a few months, lost a few bucks of my own also, read and still reading a lot, tried many systems, etc, ultimately, done the same as many others and took a similar road.

Now that I've stumbled with your approach, it immediately made sense to me. So I hope I will be able to learn a lot from you and the others in this thread and try to bring my own two cents in the process, helping others succeed.

Many thanks for such a good work!

Tradista.

--- 帖子 #987 ---
An unlucky day

I have 2 entries seem good from yesterday (NZD/USD and USD/CAD), but both die, 9 pips lost.

--- 帖子 #988 ---
Hi nomask

Unfortunately, i can't see your valuable analysis today

i think EurUsd is retracing towards 1.4305 and then 1.4315 also it seems go down again toward 1.4225 then starts  heading up to that level.

CCI and RSI show uptrend right now .

--- 帖子 #989 ---
Referring my signals,i should say it's not safe for those who decide to open Buy position above 1.4290 right now cause you missed good level below 1.4235 and now the best place before US market is 1.4256

--- 帖子 #990 ---
Hello Tania,

thank you for your post, I came across few days and wow you are accurate.

Would love to know the technics behind

recently you talk about long, about what about short at around 1.43x?

--- 帖子 #991 ---
This is a Pic. in H4 T/F for EurUsd

--- 帖子 #992 ---
Tks my friend

To tell you the truth i've started trading very late today cause i had very bad headache as you know (EurUsd topic remarks) any way

let me check the chart throughly then talk about it later as i said sth about 1.4225

Hope you have a good time

--- 帖子 #993 ---
Hmm, may i ask how do you determine your levels Tania?

--- 帖子 #994 ---
Hi Tania, thaks for the signals. I have been closely following your signals and comparing with my own trading decisions. Its great to know whats an experienced traders trading signals for the day. Even though not much background analysis. Please continue.

--- 帖子 #995 ---
Hi my friends

All of you know nomask with his spectacular analysis with H4,H1,M15 Charts and he's perfect(i don't know how i dare to say anything here)

But the way i trade is really really without any indicators as i don't trust them for the first time i talk about RSI and CCI as some traders prefer but if you follow the Fibo and Pivot and Pin Bar that nomask says here are perfect and it's better to have bigger picture of market cause my method is a little strange if i want to explain , but i think if traders follow this thread i am sure they will be on the right side of the market most of the time and their loss not more than 20 pips and of course profit more than 100

sorry i am late cause i am trading also

Best Wishes

--- 帖子 #996 ---
Hello Tania, nice  to see you - at one time thought - you are gone for good because of the comments y'day.

A Good Advice to you - to not have headache again : Put the Naysayers on Iggy - then you do not have to read what they say - they can read what you write and they will because your posts are good. This is good for your peace of mind !

Have a Good Day.

--- 帖子 #997 ---
Personally i use indicator just for spotting divergences, but also that can be seen with eyes.5min pinbar developed on eur/usd in nice teritory.

--- 帖子 #998 ---
should wait to H4 candle open above 1.4225 then we see the pair 1st 1.4407 and then 1.4413 (i add to my position recommend to some of traders here yesterday 1.4155 and 1.4225)otherwise ranging between 1.4327 -1.4290

--- 帖子 #999 ---
Hi Tania,

I've seen your posts in the eu thread, been pretty good ..

but erm .. kinda confused with this one .. isn't 1.4407 and 1.4413 kinda close ? .. like 6 pips difference or do u mean 1.4513 ?

--- 帖子 #1000 ---
Today i don't guess it goes toward 1.45  maybe next week even i close  some of my positions in 1.4465 if it gets there and be lucky enough

--- 帖子 #1001 ---
Hello Nomask,

I did find Your thread by following posts  by Tania.

Really grate swing trading + candle  knowledge and Tania with her levels .

Fantastic combination.

Best Regards

Zuzia

--- 帖子 #1002 ---
gone short @ 1.4288  TP 1.425

--- 帖子 #1003 ---
Exactly but you didn't see my trend direction before that i said pair goes 1.4315 and then back to 1.4225

Please read that give you better picture of tranding

--- 帖子 #1004 ---
I have read that but no offence 1.43x levels were kinda mixed feelings and before Trichet speach, so chances were it could go up.... therefore I made my entry on the safe side of t clear down

--- 帖子 #1005 ---
Tania,

I do not speak for Nomask but if I were him I would feel as though you are thread jacking. I've been around these forums for a good time and this is how many good threads die. Please do not take this the wrong way as it is nothing personal. While your method may work this thread is about Nomask's method and as far as I can tell the two methods do not align at all. As a diligent follower of Nomask's method I personally find your posts as a distraction.

Again please do not take this to be disrespectful as every trader sees the market in a different way.

On topic: This has been a choppy week. That NZDUSD chart looks especially brutal.

--- 帖子 #1006 ---
[quote=zusch;4616150]Tania,

I do not speak for Nomask but if I were him I would feel as though you are thread jacking. I've been around these forums for a good time and this is how many good threads die. Please do not take this the wrong way as it is nothing personal. While your method may work this thread is about Nomask's method and as far as I can tell the two methods do not align at all. As a diligent follower of Nomask's method I personally find your posts as a distraction.

Again please do not take this to be disrespectful as every trader sees the market in a different way.

On topic: This has been a choppy week. That NZDUSD chart looks especially brutal.[/QUOT

Ok Thank for your respectful comment

But price near the level i have told more than 6 hours ago it means if you follow you got 70 pips for up and now about 80 pips down but if it causes you lose money and distract others, up to you ignore my signals

and if my signals bother my dear friend nomask i don't write anything

--- 帖子 #1007 ---
Tania, what do you think about going long for at 1.422x?

--- 帖子 #1008 ---
That was my signals more than 6 hours ago

1- from 1.4235 i said it goes to 1.4305 and 1.4315 then

2- return to 1.4225 and from that place must go up but we have to wait for candle conformation in that level

--- 帖子 #1009 ---
well even better if came to that conclusion on each own

--- 帖子 #1010 ---
its at No. 2 now ..

--- 帖子 #1011 ---
Yes but you have to wait for H1 Candle opes above 1.4225 then you decide if it is ok open buy position cause that time i add to my other positions otherwise i close my nearest buy position to 1.42

--- 帖子 #1012 ---
shoot went long at 1.4222 oups

--- 帖子 #1013 ---
I've said it before and then apologized. Now I retract my apology.

Tania, please start your own thread and maybe out of courtesy for the original poster, delete these 2 pages of posts that have nothing to do with Nomasks thead at all. If you have something to say that relates to the first 2 pages of Nomask's thread, then say it. Some of us are getting a LOT out of Nomask's teachings, and I hope it stays alive long enough so that others will, too.

Please be respectful.

--- 帖子 #1014 ---
Hi nomask

May I ask you a question about E/U?

What did you do this week? closed your position from 1.35xx or took an opposite position?

P/S: market's move seem good today, but I cannot take anyone (except NZD/USD since yesterday), how about you guys?

and I agree with zusch, I am more happy if we discuss about nomask's method than others.

--- 帖子 #1015 ---
Ok my friend i'll do that but tell you something when you consider candle on different time frames and also levels for trading it means pin bar and Fibo but i think most of traders looking for something else i'll do as you wish

Best wishes

--- 帖子 #1016 ---
I am with both zusch & jasonc,

Teaching (or sharing) a method and providing signal service are completely different animals. If Tania wants to give signal service, then it is good to start another thread. This is good for both Tania and followers. If you start new thread, I am sure, you will have thousands of followers.

Nomask does not provide signal service, but he teaches and shares his own method with fellow traders. We prefer nomask's method because we learn, try to understand, then trade. We don't want to depend on any kind of signal.

Please don't take this negative way. I am just telling that, you need different thread.

--- 帖子 #1017 ---
Hello all.I'm on a long trip now (will be jetlagged badly)but I will post as I get sometime in the weekend.until then stay safe.

--- 帖子 #1018 ---
Yes , i hope Tania starts a different thread and perhaps elaborate on his/her strategy that comes up with those numbers. Have been rather correct and quite impressive. Would very much like to learn more. Do start a new thread Tania, thanks !

--- 帖子 #1019 ---
Hey Nomask, excellent thread here. Thanks for the great effort , am gonna attempt to trade with this method. Your charts are very well documented and i'm looking forward to more of your teachings, esp with eur/usd ...

--- 帖子 #1020 ---
Here`s hoping we have seen the last of the signal service BS. That`s NOT why I have devoted many hours of my time to digesting, interpreting and learning from this excellent thread.

Next week-- sorry to say that it looks like more consolidation with a weakish negative bias to me--- anyone getting any strong hints from their hindsight?

best regards,

greg

--- 帖子 #1021 ---
USDJPY for longs and AUDUSD, NZDUSD, EURGBP, EURCAD, EURJPY for shorts look like good pairs to watch this week to my eyes.

--- 帖子 #1022 ---
Dear Zusch,

Your insight is greatly appreciated. I will reevaluate the pairs you mention-except for EUR/CAD..I still can't get my head around the idea of trying to make razor-sharp entries on pairs where the spread is 10+pips!

--- 帖子 #1023 ---
With due regards to criticcs of Tania, What matters is making money ! In view of the excellent results of Tania's posts- who follows Nomask-method, I thought her posts would be considered a bonus. Everyone does not have the energy to start new thread so she started comments here.
If you guys are getting confused WHY DON'T YOU PUT HER ON IGGY ? That way you do not have to read her. There some others who like what she writes and it is only Nomask who has themoral right to tell her not to post here. The readers here are just observers - I don't think they should dictate who is to post and who not. That right belong's to Nomask. If he feels, he can tell her himself.

--- 帖子 #1024 ---
You join on 21 April, make 14 posts and start making demands about what should be posted and what not because YOU devoted many hours to digest, interpret and learn from the thread. Did any one request you to do so or you did it of your own accord ? And now you think someone who has made contribution should leave because it does not suit you.  I think that is GREAT.

What is wrong - did you make a loss

--- 帖子 #1025 ---
Hi Maaj ! So do I wish Peace to all - posters included ! I believe that we should take what we can from the Forum and not impose our personal ideas on others - not you but someone said what amounts to "stop posting here". I mean to say, except the guy who started this thread, the rest are "equal members". If I do not like some poster, I put an Iggy on him - you know what it is - so I do not have to read his posts. This is the method we should follow. Why try to hassle someone - there may be others who like her posts .......

Happy Trading !

--- 帖子 #1026 ---
This thread uses a certain method of trading and she was using another method, it would be best for every one and her to open her own thread and explain the method she utulises without causing any confusion.

--- 帖子 #1027 ---
Whats an Iggy??

--- 帖子 #1028 ---
Man... For a newbie with his hands on the trigger eager to take every large PA action, WAITING for the next 4H candle can be real challenge!!... )

--- 帖子 #1029 ---
EU definately looks like a 38% fib retracement to me. I am looking to go long, but not sure when to make the entry as 4H says nothing yet...

Cheers!

--- 帖子 #1030 ---
Hello Vilas,

No hard feeling man..don't take my comments wrong way. You are right..Nomask has all the rights to say Yes or No.

--- 帖子 #1031 ---
I respectfully disagree. The signal service she is providing is against, dare I say, even the title of this thread which is trading MAJOR LINES. Not "trading various signals between these lines based on factors that have nothing to do with Nomask's teachings". These comments (and mine right now, admittedly) are just serving to cloud an incredibly helpful and game changing thread. Tania has every legal right to post her signals freely, but it is disrespectful to do so in someone else's project. It is also disrespectful to the loyal followers of said project who have to weed through superfluous posts. I understand she is trying to help and I'm sure she's an excellent trader, but this isn't the place for that. This is someone else's hard work. Let's keep it on track.

That being said, the market doesn't know which way it wants to go and it's driving me absolutely crazy. I've tried to short AUD/USD this morning and all positions died on break even. Did anyone get a position that is still alive from this week or last?

--- 帖子 #1032 ---
It is standing up to this challenge that will either make or lose money. When following Nomask's method perfectly, I was up over 50% in live trading capital. My ego got the better of me and I started taking insane entries the past 2 weeks and now I've got less than what I've started with. It is very important to stay patient. Yes, a weak signal might be the start of some huge trend for thousands of pips, but how many pips (or dollars) will you spend trying to catch these?

I think Nomask said this already. We are making a purchase so we should be confident that our purchase is going to work out for us. If we aren't confident in our purchase then what we are doing is just throwing our money away on needless things.

Many pips to all!

--- 帖子 #1033 ---
I sure relate to what you are saying here, Jason, as I am still moving away from this type of rookie behavior.

I guess there is no secret formula to become more proficient at this highly recommend skill in trading which is PATIENCE.

Cheers!

--- 帖子 #1034 ---
Man, does patience pay or what  ... currently 40 pips on EU and going (hopefully)!

--- 帖子 #1035 ---
Majj

Pls don't bother yourself i never post any signals as i promised but we're in the same boat to get profit and i respect your choice and i wish you'll be able to follow the best way for being successful as i know if you don't have a good perspective of market nothing can help you and also some guys don't let you get profit and try to distract you and backbiting of those who try to help others please consider this.

Wish you best all

Tania

--- 帖子 #1036 ---
As you sent so many message and asked about my opinion about market tell you this ,Draw Daily fibo then you have better picture of market and for entry consider M15 and M5

--- 帖子 #1037 ---
I'm not sure how you got that entry but remember we need confirmation on weekly chart around a major line to be buying E/U. I'm certainly looking at that 1.4 level for a bounce but according to the method we will need to wait for a weekly close to give us a bullish hindsight.

Graeme says in his thread something along the lines of you can never be too late in FOREX, only too early.

--- 帖子 #1038 ---
Thanks very much for your insight. I'm sure I didn't enter "by the rules" as per Nomask's method,  thought I caught a good signal in H4. I eventually got stopped a while ago due to having trailed my SL (also not by the rules, of course).

I thought that last doji candle on H4 would probably say that 1.4 level wasn't attained but still close enough to consider a possible change in direction. So are you saying that, in this case, crossing 1.4 is absolutely necessary as per the rules ?

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1039 ---
I'm honestly not sure...but that is a good question though and one I'd like to know the answer to. However I am sure that using Nomask's method we have no reason to be taking longs on E/U at this time.

--- 帖子 #1040 ---
Got it!... it's got to be a hard task to stay away from the trigger and to wait for another weekly candle to form for confirmation.. still, a very good exercise on patience.

--- 帖子 #1041 ---
Guys, this will be my only comment on this regards, but if you pay attention the last 5 pages (8% of the thread) is about arguing non topic related stuff. I've my personal view of the issue and won't point it out as is letting the snowball grow.

I'd like to ask everyone to stay out of these argues, as they are destroying this thread. Not sure what's Nomask opinion, but we have to learn from other threads experience and how they are no longer live.

I wouldn't want this happen to this thread, nor rest interest on Nomask to keep posting.... for the best interests of all.

Best regards to all

--- 帖子 #1042 ---
Dear Howard, with all due regard to you, telling others what can be posted is the prerogative to the person who started the Thread, in this case Nomask. So if he has not said anything so far, it means he does not mind.

As I have said elsewhere, if you do not like to read what she writes, why not put her on Iggy. Then you do not get to read it.

--- 帖子 #1043 ---
That is exactly what I mean to convey, my friend - the purpose of visiting here is to get a clue to making money. If someone is clouding the issue, put them on Iggy. I think that is a better way than to ask t hat persone to "go elsewhere". As I wrote to another, that privilege belongs to the Thread-starer Nomask and he will exercise it he thinks it is necessary. We others are "followers" - here today, gone tomorrow.

Suppose she puts you on Ig - what do you gain, she can keep posting and you may comment into void because she is not reading it ! The Mods are also silent so what are we fighting about ?

Your trades died on BE, won't you like to find out something that makes them profitable. I am not her follower but think my attitude is better since it "live and let live" one.

Wish you pips to make up for lost effort !

--- 帖子 #1044 ---
No - I do not take your comment negatively. I feel a kinship with all ME -residers - been there a couple of times : the air smells of money there. Does it not ? But let us concentrate on getting all help we can to make money.

Wish you Pips !

--- 帖子 #1045 ---
Hi Jasonc - glad to read you were up 50% at one stage.

More pips to you.

--- 帖子 #1046 ---
Watching the EURCHF pullback from 1.25.

--- 帖子 #1047 ---
Hello Tania

thank you for your involvment. Could you please show an example how you analyze the market by drawing daily fibo and how you consider entry points?

thank you

--- 帖子 #1048 ---
Tried to catch a breakout on USDJPY. Unfortunately I didn't see any good P.A. on 5 min chart even though it stopped at 50% replacement. I'm now looking at 15 min chart and it seems there was a decent 3 bar reversal...too bad. This pair is the best looking pair to me this week. Hopefully I can get an entry this week.

--- 帖子 #1049 ---
I've been watching it also. I did place a pending order on the breakout of the retracement from 80.00 which that just entered the market and I am at BE now. Correct me if I'm wrong but I do think there was a good 1-2-3 pattern visible on H4. I figured that if the douple top is broken by PA then we have a go!

--- 帖子 #1050 ---
Just taken out at BE... Still a successful trade I guess...

--- 帖子 #1051 ---
welcome tradista..

Imho demoing is the most important period..Because it gives you so many important information that you'd need to shape your trading method like money management,risk/reward ratio,etc as well as the idea if you'd be a succesful trader..

I say 3-6 months of succesful demo very necessary and after that,at least 6 months of succesful trading of a small account.and finally you're good to trade in a more professional way..

--- 帖子 #1052 ---
As a general statement to the discussion that happened while I was away,I appreciate the people who try to contribute as well as the people who want to be focused more on the principals..

I find impossible to implement one's method hundred percent exactly thats why some followers like to combine with their aproach which is totally cool..

Anyway.

All I can say is that anything here i present including this whole thread don't belong to me.I didn't create anything maybe at most I put some simple stuff together in a different way of trading..

Hope everybody enjoys this thread and becomes a succesful trader

--- 帖子 #1053 ---
I closed my position with over 1000 pips profit and now I have short at nzdusd from last week with about 100 pips unrealized profit..

--- 帖子 #1054 ---
thanks nitrate..will be posting more soon (I hope)

--- 帖子 #1055 ---
Thats a very important post..I have to re-read it from time to time..

--- 帖子 #1056 ---
good for your entry tradista.

Honestly there is no difference between a break even trade and a +100 pips open position..they both mean free ride to me..

--- 帖子 #1057 ---
Hello Tania..

I used to use different set of timeframes in the past..daily fib was one of them..This is all part of creating a method that fits to one's skills and needs..

So far best set I've found for myself is wk,4hr and 5 min..

--- 帖子 #1058 ---
This will be my last post before I come back with some charts..

I wanted to say thanks to everybody for their interest to this thread.

I don't think of myself telling people what to do..

We all trying our best to help each other.thats all what matters.

--- 帖子 #1059 ---
I've been watching nzdusd as it played around a major line

--- 帖子 #1060 ---
Hi Joel,

If you do not like to read someone's posts, you can bar their post from appearing on your page. This can be done by visiting the profile of the said person and clicking on the "Ignore this person....." button on the left-side bottom.

This simplifies life and is a harmless way of not reading some posts. If people had dome this y'day, it would have saved all of us a lot of time and not hurt the poster as well.

More Pips !

--- 帖子 #1061 ---
Many thanks for your very appreciated feedback, Nomask.

I am also using a third-party testing software that I can turn to for practice after major market hours (because I have a full-time job and am located in Europe, I can only usually trade the last couple hours of the US session, when volatility has refrained).

I expect this to cut a bit the learning curve and maybe be able to trade live in a couple months. We'll see.

--- 帖子 #1062 ---
Hi no mask

Thank for your answer my question and congratulate your E/U successfull trade.

I wonder how and when you decided to close that position (when you have time). I dont want to be curious but want to learn more from your analysis.

--- 帖子 #1063 ---
Nomask, I understand what you are saying but at the moment, it is emotionally impossible for me to agree with you...

Hopefully I'll get to that level of "abstraction" by learning your method

--- 帖子 #1064 ---
Just For My Friends

Right now pair is going down (1.4225) but i see E/U for 1.4346 if again 1.4250 breaks.

and If 1.4187 breaks it goes towards 1.4119

--- 帖子 #1065 ---
Nomask,

What do you do when PA flies around the major number for some time and doesn't seem to take a clear direction or you have been stopped out because it retraced back to your entry price? If prices stays around the "open" zone, do you keep trying to enter and risk being stopped out again (maybe several times if market says so) until it finally moves or do you just forget about the move? In that case, what would be the procedure (go back to W1 then H4 then M5 again)? Could you post a chart that shows this ?

Thank you.

--- 帖子 #1066 ---
here is where I closed my position.any position over 1000 pips should be managed seriously and not be wasted at all..sometimes I take 500 pips profit if I believe there is a high chance for main direction to be changed.

--- 帖子 #1067 ---
In that case I just watch it until it gives me another price action.But most of the time you just need to check other pairs for a new setup..

like what happened in nzdusd and eu..I could not find any opportunity to trade eu these days but I could establish a position with nzdusd in the meantime which is about to end at b.e in the next couple 4hrs though.

sooner or later market shows you its hand in a clear way.if its not this pair then its that pair.

--- 帖子 #1068 ---
update on kiwi.

--- 帖子 #1069 ---
Long on USDJPY @81.20 SL@BE.

Not the perfect entry, but still in the "entry zone".

So far so good

--- 帖子 #1070 ---
This is a very important topic that I believe hasn't been discussed yet in the thread. Thanks for sharing this Nomask and good question born4forex!

--- 帖子 #1071 ---
Nice call Tania, wish i read this post earlier .

--- 帖子 #1072 ---
HELLO Guys Bystanders ! To get the full benefit, join the Gang ! You will see some nice timely suggestions and the insight is different from other threads !

Your comments will enrich the thread and that is how consensus finds solutions to all problems incl," where is Pound going ?"

--- 帖子 #1073 ---
Of course we are focusing on EU but there is a good oppertunity for EurGbp

The best Level for opening Sell Position:

Sell Position=0.8817 or 0.8810

S/L=0.8830

T/P1=0.8778

T/P2=0.8756

T/P3=0.8739

T/P4=0.8719

--- 帖子 #1074 ---
Tania, not trying to create a snow ball here, but I consider that if you want to contribute and help others, it is much better to explain what and how you do things, other than provide signals. People is much better off understanding concepts other than following a signal. Learn how to fish instead of being feed with fish.

I would be extremely interested in knowing how to come up with your levels.

Thanks and best regards,

--- 帖子 #1075 ---
This has all been said before but apparently it did not get through to her...

--- 帖子 #1076 ---
I'm sorry but what good is this information for? In what way can this help others learn to become proficient at trading ? I notice in your profile that you wrote "follow me"... are you looking for followers ? Could you elaborate on what you are trying to achieve by posting this way in a thread that is specific to a particular system ? I don't really understand the purpose of this data, in regard to Nomask's method.

--- 帖子 #1077 ---
I think nomask replied to all of traders like you. But if you want to think this way ok go ahead if you think i am looking for selling signals or followers that's ok you don't buy , but if i wanted to find some followers i opened a thread.

Whenever you can explain a technical way and suggest some signals to touch one of your profit level then write about others.

--- 帖子 #1078 ---
You are learning nomask system and according to fibo level and candle formation i am writing my idea about Market direction for my friends, also it's redundant to repeat those things and it's better you ignore signals and keep on your way, please.

--- 帖子 #1079 ---
So are you saying that your signals are based on hindsight (directional bias) fib, & candle formations as per Nomask's method, or just some random directional, fib and candle formations that you see?

--- 帖子 #1080 ---
Even though I don't know Nomask personally, from his postings I think he is too polite to ask anyone to stop posting in his thread. Maybe he won't say it but I will. I know I can always ignore your posts but that doesn't change the fact that new readers have to sort through your posts. Is it too much to ask that you start your own thread and not clutter Nomask's thread with your "signals"? You are not "explaining a technical way" to trade the markets. For all we know you are just copying and pasting these from a email newsletter.

This is my last post on the subject as I wish to remain on topic which is Nomask's method.

--- 帖子 #1081 ---
Bravo You are very intelligent that you think i am working like a team who issue signals

Now i am sure i have to open a site and sell my signals that some people even

new traders like you, think this way.

Thanks for your compliment

Tani

--- 帖子 #1082 ---
I don't want to think this way, but you make me to! I don't actually find anything in your posts that aim to bring anything to Nomask's teaching, only your so called "signals".

imho, please do so! And if one day you finally decide to share how you come up with those numbers I will be on board reading your thread too.

Anyway, if nomask allows you to clutter his thread then we will just have to live with it, besides I'm sure nobody wants your Friends to miss any of your signals... Who knows, maybe I can use nomask's thread too the leave a couple daily messages to my friends too...

Just my rookie's two cents.

--- 帖子 #1083 ---
A thread is generally created to narrow down and focus on "one" particular subject. Are your "signals" part of this particular subject? No answer but I think not.

Also, it's not up to the thread creator to decide what is or isn't suitable because this is a public forum...it's the participants of the thread, where majority rules, who's wishes should be respected.

Contributing content that is unwanted by the majority and/or irrelevant to the subject of the thread is just plain rude and poor forum etiquette, even if said content has some merit all on it's own....and therefore should have it's own thread. Really...how hard is it to create one?!

I'm sure you and your friends would be much happier being undisturbed on a thread focused on just your signals.

Peace

--- 帖子 #1084 ---
I agree with you totally however there are an extremely vocal (and tiresome) group of posters on FF who seem to thrive on bickering and time-wasting generally-doing anything but ignoring them and continuing with the original thread as if they didn`t exist seems counterproductive to me.

--- 帖子 #1085 ---
+1

--- 帖子 #1086 ---
Hello Sweet Pip !

The Majority is ALWAYS WRONG - REMEMBER 98% WRONG. Are you happy to be in that group ?

A thread is created by someone for discovering a better way to make profits - NOT FOR EXTENDING THE FACILITY OF PRIVATE CLUB TO SOME.
If you want to learn, follow - if not, do what you like but telling others not to post is not a right proferred by the Thread-starter to others - that right is his. Politeness does not enter into it.

For other comments see main body of your post:

--- 帖子 #1087 ---
Looks like this "SIGNAL" thing is deviating our method & time. Please ignore it and stop here. If any new person wanted to read & benefit from this thread like many of us are doing.....it would be difficult for them to do so.

Hi..Mr SIGNAL , this thread is exclusively for a particular method of trading, if you wish to share your knowledge please use your own thread. I am sorry for being straight forward but it is helpful to all of us including you. THANKS

--- 帖子 #1088 ---
What are you going to do if the poster makes use of a facility provided by FF and puts dissenters on Ignore list ? Then you will keep making comments in Void leaving him in peace but you will still "suffer" from his posts ? So take the INTELLIGENT way out and put the offending posters on Ignore yourself. That is the way and not REQUESTING others not to post or to point out what is polite way and what is not.

This is the only reason why I am wasting my time posting on this topic - not because I trade as per her signals. This is Open Forum not Private News Publishing media.

--- 帖子 #1089 ---
Avoid getting disctracted by using IGNORE FUNCTION PROVIDED IN FF and spare everyone the UNPLEASNTNESS of your posts. Can't understand why you do not take this simple approach.

--- 帖子 #1090 ---
Thanks for the advise Vilas. Its always good to learn something rather than recieve a signal !! LOL

--- 帖子 #1091 ---
look guys, enough already, lets not spoil this wonderful thread

--- 帖子 #1092 ---
Brisbane ! Great. Gold Coast - Great.

Hi Oz, I do not trade the signals - I am only defending the right of anyone of post his thougts even if it does not confine itself to the "main theme". In FX, We all have to distinguish between what is useful and what is not.

The max use I have made of the sigs is note them on side-pad and see how the price reacted there.

As I said in another post - If the person puts all of us on Ignore, he can post with impunity anything, and everyone's opinion will go in Cyberspace.

Happy Trading & More Pips !

--- 帖子 #1093 ---
I agree with you. This thread has potential to become source of very very

useful ideas. All thanks are due to Nomask for thinking of this and sharing it.

That is why I say, let us stop bickering, put the poster on Iggy if we do not like and get on with our thing - why bother more.

Thanks for your ideas on the thread.

--- 帖子 #1094 ---
If you had come to this conclusion earlier, it would have saved us a lot of time.

Bye.

--- 帖子 #1095 ---
The last few pages have been extremely irritating. Tania and her followers have managed to ruin a few pages due to their inability to be considerate of other people, but not the entire thread. I hope we can get back on track for everyone's sake.

That being said, to get us back on track, here is a live entry off the 5 minute I took yesterday  morning on UJ. I'm sorry I'm not very good with drawing on screenshots,  but you'll get the idea. I am a student in this game, so I welcome any criticism or comments.

Story: UJ is long per our weekly hindsight. Fibs set on 4 hour pinbar  yesterday morning on UJ, took trade (dotted red line) of double bottom  formation a little above the 38.2 level after seeing the confirmation  candle. Put SL at BE when it broke out. I would have added a second  position there but it was a little close to the first entry.

She's been anywhere from 60-120ish pips the past day or so. We'll let  the market decide her fate. The market doesn't seem know which way it wants to go  these days, so all we can do is wait and see if our hindsight plays  out.

--- 帖子 #1096 ---
Looks like you went into profit quickly and your max.loss was tiny-- in my book a very nice trade whatever the market gods decide-- good luck!

--- 帖子 #1097 ---
Before my comments on your Chart, let me state that I do not follow Tania or ANYBODY. My trading is based on standard TA. I have made comments on her Sigs elsewhere.

My aim has been to defend Posters even if they are away from main theme becaue "one may drink of many fountains" particularly as we are here to indulge a certain "passion" and make some money in the bargain. Her posts here and in another Thread have been good. Her last post on 18th - if go above 4250, it will reach 4350 has also come OK today - 4344 reached.  And, in asking the poster not to frequent here is not within our "rights" which belongs solely to the Thread-starter.

Re. your chart, the time-axis is missing  so it is not easy to see from where it is coming........If you want to help others, letting the market decide is a bit ..... setting a SL is better guide !

--- 帖子 #1098 ---
That summarizes the issue!

--- 帖子 #1099 ---
Are you a Rookie ? Reading your discussing with Nomask, I didn't think so !

System : It is not always easy to put down one's thoughts on paper especially the reasoning that goes behing taking a trade. There are more than one way to make money in the markets : one may make money on the Long side on the same day as another makes money on the short side - if there is a Trend then there is a Counter-trend too. So, it is how you perceive it. Most important is an idea of momentum - if there will be a follow-thru' to the trade. Trading is an art, not science. That is why I do not mind reading more than one way of deciphering mkts.

Wish you More pips.

--- 帖子 #1100 ---
I understand what your saying and agree, but I think that every new comer to FF who is not forum-literate at first will find it strange and distracting, probably reacting this same way.

Anyway, I'm done writing about this issue.

--- 帖子 #1101 ---
Hello all.

I know that some want to hear from me about the discussion thats been going on for sometime now.

But as I said that before I don't feel myself as a thread owner neither someone to tell people what to do or not to do.

As some of you already know I've been posting in Graeme's thread mainly based on his method but with some variations and additions (mostly about 5 min. entries).Maybe we can call this more conservative way of it which I believe is a necessary "period" of any trading method out there until you really become a master on what you're doing.

I wanted to share what I've been doing without damaging the concept of Graeme's thread so opened up this thread to post and share my ideas in my own comfort.

I do understand that most traders not comfortable with some sort of live calls and yes I only trade my calls since I'm risking the money in my pocket.

I'll keep posting the very simple concept same as the first chart of this thread.So believe me this is even more than you need to be a succesful trader.

If you have problem with watching 5min or not enough time to spend on trading then you can use monthly,daily timeframes as your direction and 1hr for your entry.Sure you'd need little larger stop in that case but less frequent trading signals.

---------

my kiwi trade (once was in 170 pips profit) ended at b.e as it moved back up.

But my main hindsight with this pair is still down until this week is over.

I'll post some charts about why I haven't taken any trade on eu lately if I can get some more time..

until then stay tuned.

--- 帖子 #1102 ---
Nice entry Jason. I wanted to get in on this trade but I wasn't able to be at my computer. The entry I would have taken would be the one you labeled as "possible 2nd entry."

I've noticed that pinbars/long wicks/engulfing on 100 pip levels seem to provide good signals. This is the one main tweak I've made to my own trading. I still like to use the Fibs on the 5 min chart.

Do you use 100 pip levels Nomask? The past few weeks I've seen a bunch of great trades by using these levels and using them seem very fluid with your method as we watch major lines and median lines. Here is my USDJPY chart I'd post more but I'm sure people can find them on their own.

--- 帖子 #1103 ---
When in your 100's levels you look for crossing and closing candles? What time frames? Still H4 and then fibs to look for PA on M5?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #1104 ---
That's kinda funny...I did something similar. I figure, on a daily basis price seems to move at least 100 pips, applying the same theory that if it crosses and closes beyond one 00 price, it's likely to head to the next...perhaps on it's way to the next major 0000 price.

Being that forex is so fractal...meaning you can't really tell a 5 min chart apart from an hourly chart without a labeled x & y axis...then it stands to reason that moving down a couple of time frames proportionately should work too.

I'm hoping it would be a benefit to those confined to a specific trading session due to their geographical time zone, such as mine which is PST zone. That makes my prime trading time during the Asian session and I usually miss setups using Nomask's timeframes because they usually occur during other sessions when I'm sleeping or at work.

However, that's only a theory and the only way to tell is to try it out....in demo at first. I'm applying the method as explained by Nomask except instead when price crosses and closes in relation to the 00 (100 pip) price levels, I'm using the Daily (hindsight), hourly and 5min charts.

--- 帖子 #1105 ---
Your friends? So, your so-called friends come to this thread to get your signals? Why don't you send them email or text message (SMS) with your pathetic signals?. Why do you clutter someone's thread?. Don't you understand that we do not likes your so-called signal service?.

If you really want to help your friends, why don't you tell them how you get those signals?. Can't you see, people get disturbed by your UNWANTED signal service. If you can understand simple English, you should have stopped it long time back.

You must be a Pathetic person.

Nomask, sorry for my language.

--- 帖子 #1106 ---
I wanted to ask exactly the same question of Zusch..

--- 帖子 #1107 ---
Hi.. Sweet Pip I got a question for ya...

Are you the same Sweet Pip that use to hang out over at Baby Pips in the Never Lose Again thread?

Let me know..

Hi to all.   I'm a very long term trader... and as my avatar shows I trade ala Jesse Livemore style.    I have followed Graeme's and Nomask threads.  Even though my participation is basically nil... I am always around if anyone needs help or wants a different opinion.

Take care and be patient... the reward is for those that wait..

Jess

--- 帖子 #1108 ---
I haven't looked for closes beyond 100 levels because I feel that would  provide too many signals. Instead I look for bounces off these levels. I  watch these levels on the 4 hour chart and when I see a good signal bar  I use the Fibs on the 5 min chart.

The post I made a couple pages back about catching a breakout of 81 on  USDJPY was more of a volatile breakout ala Graeme's thread than simply  just a close beyond the 81 level.

--- 帖子 #1109 ---
Hi Jess...you caught me...lol. Actually someone who obviously is a follower of those guys too started a thread over at BPs entitled "1000 pip method" which caught my eye  and led me over here.

Long time no hear...how are you doing?

--- 帖子 #1110 ---
Thanks nomask for answer me and thanks zusch for nice comment

I have an entry at the same time jacksonc1213 did when I saw good set up at H4 and break out at M5, but I dont know how to post pictures here (maybe I search later)

P/S: I have problem with overtrade, It make me lost some pips several weeks ago and I dont know how to fix that now. I wish somebody give me some advises about that.

--- 帖子 #1111 ---
All I can I say about overtrading is what has worked for me: previously I would trade exactly the same hours everyday which led to a subconscious feeling that I had to get at least a trade in per session and to generally taking less than optimal set-ups..

to counter this I stopped setting aside fixed hours and will now go to the platform at irregular times -if there is something eye-catching then I watch more and sometimes trade -if not I switch off and do something else instead. This has led to less time in front of the computer (with all the benefits that entails), FAR fewer trades per week and much better percentages of money-making (and even more non-money-losing)trades .

best of luck with this tricky issue,

greg

--- 帖子 #1112 ---
Well, thanks.  I would say that I am at a stage where one has enough basic skills and knowledge to have a decent theorical discussion but still lacks the ability of consistency and emotional strenght to actually be in the markets doing anything really profitable yet!

Hopefully, with nomask's, yours and all the amazing traders help from this thread I will soon move from the rookie status to a more interesting one  ...

I understand your reasoning and I think you are to be respected for taking a positive attitude towards the issue of taking the "good" from every idea posted, including what sometimes seems like useless clutter (such as the so-called "signals" calculations from Tania, etc).

Regards.

--- 帖子 #1113 ---
Your standard of English is good because the British brought English to India. Tania is French, she never learnt English formally. Her choice of words is compositionally wrong. What she means by "friends" is 'those who are not "enemies" - neutral persons. It is not fair to take advantage of her language but I hold that she is not doing anything against the general fx-community by posting here. This thread was started by a good person and the authority to say who should or should not post is his alone by FF's Rules. You and me are nothing but participants.

Unfortunately, you have not taken note of previous posts. I have stated before that I DO NOT trade her sigs but do not agree that she should be told not to post - as I said, this is for the Thread starter.

As written to another, if T puts you on Ignore, you can post 100 times and she would not have to read it even once -- suggest you take same step.

You have joined here recently - 28 April, 39 posts - don't know if you have been posting in other foruns - don't think so from the way you take offence over nothing - keeping a Forum exclusively for one's own sake is not anybody's prerogative. It is not yours. You are wasting your time...

--- 帖子 #1114 ---
Thanks Mr. Tradista for your view. Hope others adapt too and stop bickering. Some come here to learn, others come to find company - FX is a lonely game - and friends - if we start rejecting people because someone has big ears and another has short nose, then we are defeating half the purpose.

Stage in Trading : every one has to pass this stage - take care not to lose in the beginning. But I am against Micro Trading. Demo is OK but when you do start Real trading, it should not be Micro - 10 Cents a pip. Let it be something that will "hurt" if you make a wrong trade. Then analyze your trades.

IMO, Mr. Nomask has started this thread at a high level. I compliment him for coming up with this which he himself admits he got the idea of when posting in another thread (you can read it in his posts). But IMO, before coming to this level, one has to know basics rather well which is S/R levels, Fibonacci, Pivot points etc. Do not forget MAs which are "mobile" S/R levels ! Experiment with some and you will find the way.

FF has most of the information !

You do not have to follow anyone but do make a note if you come across a Sig and see how the price reacts to it when it is approached.

And .....forgot so far -- Use a stop loss - how much ? Depends on the TF you use - and its ATR: Hr TF, Hi/Lo of 2 candles before should be OK in most cases.

I do not mean any deviation from the Main thread - the above are basic ingredients and I write it as a guideline.

Happy Trading.

--- 帖子 #1115 ---
I've been testing prior periods of USDGBP (Jan'2009) and I always get my entries stopped at BE after PA retracing from a 80-120 pips profit. I have to check if this is specific to this pair but it looks like price gets back to the RN several times before taking a direction, taking out SL in the way back. Seems like the best thing would be to enter "before" the Round number is reached, so to not be stopped by any bounce.

Perhaps this is a consolidation period on W1, so my question is: do you think the method applies best to trending periods or could it work out ok in large consolidation periods also?

--- 帖子 #1116 ---
If this hapens to you often, you are very good but short on Lady Luck's Favours ! Why not put in a TP at 60 - 80 pips ? When the pips are safely in your pocket, you can enter the same trade again ! Taking a wine-bottle to Lady Luck won't do any harm !
Hope my 2-cents worth will help !

--- 帖子 #1117 ---
I don't know if this question was directed to me but Nomask's method only works in a trending environment. That is why the main pair he focuses on is EURUSD...it is very trendy. We want to pick pairs that have the best potential to trend and not consolidate. Consolidation is simply the market saying its not sure where it will go next and this is typically where most traders lose the most money.

I hope this answered the question although I'm not exactly sure what/who you were asking.

--- 帖子 #1118 ---
Hi Zusch and thank you, you answered my question.

Even though nomask is obviously the person to ask to, I let the question opened for any thread reader to answer. I didn't yet run full tests on EURUSD as would like to but I was having lots of bounces taking out my SL when running the tester in a USDGBP ranging market period and didn't recall having read that a trending market was necessary for the method to work correctly. Shame on me, I guess I'll have to re-read from the beginning !

Many thanks!

--- 帖子 #1119 ---
The reason we do not take profit at 60-80 pips (or even 170, like Nomasks NZD/USD BE trade posted earlier) is because this is our mindset:

- We'd rather a position die at break even then taking profit before the major (or minor, if you must) lines. In the case of EUR/USD, that would mean 1.35, 1.40, 1.45, and 1.50.

-60-80 pips in the bag sounds nice, but what if that position goes on to fulfill it's weekly momentum (per this method) and nets you 500-1000 pips? Nomask has already stated that with a .02% risk per trade, one run of 1000 pips added 20% to his starting capital. That's .02, not 2%. If it were 2%, that same position would have added 200% to his capital when he cashed it out. (Note: I'm not suggesting this amount of risk)

-Back to the 60-80 pips example: If you cash out at 60 pips and then reenter, then you have a GREATER CHANCE that your position will die at breakeven on the retrace. This is exactly what we're trying to avoid.

-To summarize, get an entry in at low risk (5-10 pips SL) on the 5 minute chart and let it run awhile, move it to break even and then forget about it. If it runs for 1000 pips toward the intended direction, then cash it out if you want.

I'm not trying to be argumentative or abrasive toward you (or Tania), but this is the entire point of Nomask's methodology. To talk about signals or "when to take profit" are conflicting with the original poster's method. If there is anything we are "supposed" to get from this method (or Graeme's) it's that multiple position on the "long term" will net you many more pips for much less risk. Did you think a risk:return of 1:200 was possible? It is with the ideas from this thread. I invite you to check out the Equity Millipede thread, as well, of which Nomask was a great contributor. Graeme has multiple positions riding long term (monthly) trends and they net him thousands of net new pips PER WEEK. Nomask (and Graeme) show what can be accomplished by looking at the "big picture".

I hope this clears some things up. I wish you all the best in your trading.

--- 帖子 #1120 ---
Very well written

TS

--- 帖子 #1121 ---
Hi everyone, i'm new on trading.

I've read a big part of the thread, and i still have some questions :

- what's a break even ? I've made some research on google. I understood that it is the price which gives you no loss.

- how to set it up ?

I'm short on E/U since 1.5000 and i dont know how to move my SL.

--- 帖子 #1122 ---
Just showing a quick TEST run on GU under trending conditions: indeed, I was able to bank +1300 pips in 7 weeks by just letting it run (with SL set at BE a couple hours after entering).

NOT TRAILING your stop is key to attaining the thousand pips goal.

Amazing method!

--- 帖子 #1123 ---
thanks all for keeping this thread alive, in as much as i have wanted to be regular here but my side projects has kept me away.

which pair are to keep an eye on as to the coming week that suit the Nomask's method.

thanks.

--- 帖子 #1124 ---
I agree with what you have posted - the method of Nomask is Unique - if you can take the heat (MM), then it is THE WAY.

I also do not feel that you have been intentionally abrasive - you simply did not want to get distracted from your line. My intention in defending T was a matter of "practicality" and "live and let live approach". As I mentioned, the best way for a Poster to aquire immunity from critics is to hide behind Iggy and this is what I have been trying to point out.

Another point, one needs to focus on what one intends to do and disregard other viewpoints. Same with the unpleasant posts you have faced. Why bother ?

As to "Let it Run" principle, I HAVE absorbed this from here, thanks to Nomask and others on this thread.

Happy Trading.

--- 帖子 #1125 ---
So, I was right in spotting you as NOT a Rookie ! Good Trade. I remember I had a trade during this period from 145.++ or thereabouts but I had cashed in earlier (risk for me is bigger, hence the precaution).

This is the point I absorbed from Mr. Nomask---------LET IT RUN ...

Here is to next 1000 pip Trade to ALL !

--- 帖子 #1126 ---
Based on hindsight from last week, this week I will be looking at the 4H and 5 min to take good set-up chances in the follwoing directions*

GBP/JPY -Long

USD/JPY-Long

EUR/USD-Short

GBP/USD-Short

I find my hindsight works best if I keep it as simple as possible and don`t worry to much about the correlations between the pairs..

--- 帖子 #1127 ---
Totally agree. I guess all turns out as per each individual needs. In my case, I'm more inclined to have 2-3 relaxed trades a week, and be able to pocket 150-200 pips a week. Then compound. Of course after building more confidence targeting the 1000 pips would be just great!!!, playing golf while watching on your handset how you build your equity wouldn't hurt!!! LOL.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1128 ---
Amen brother!

--- 帖子 #1129 ---
Best looking pairs to me this week are USDJPY, GBPJPY for longs and EURGBP, AUDUSD for shorts. USDCHF hasn't touched a major line but I may trade this pair extra cautious.

--- 帖子 #1130 ---
Thanks for the heads-up on the EUR/GBP-- that`s not a pair I normally look at it and I will definitely be following it next week.

BTW, what`s putting you off looking for shorts on EUR/USD if I might ask?

--- 帖子 #1131 ---
I'm waiting for a strong close beyond 1.4. I would be surprised if we didn't chop around a bit around 1.4 because it is a major number and the October/November 2010 highs (old resistance becoming support). Seems like a logical place for us to bounce to the upside. I suppose I will trade it if I see a very clear setup similar to how I plan to trade USDCHF this week.

--- 帖子 #1132 ---
Why is your risk bigger? Aren't you applying nomask's method as is or did you adapt it a bit to suit your particular style?

--- 帖子 #1133 ---
This was from before I came to TML (which is recently) and the positions were large: can't wait very long in such cases. TML is ideally suited for LT trade and MM : what to do in between ? For that matter I trade more than one system !

Today, I gave a lot of time to reading FF and find everyone is struggling to find Trend - finding trend is not that difficult, managing positions is because of MM problems - small number positions, small profits, large positions are something else.

At present I am destabilized because of DBFX - this would have hit many TML traders - got to take a perspective on what is best way forward. While TML is no doubt very good, I just see the possibility of extracting more juice by switching in between. This is not to say that others should follow - this is a bit risky as Jason pointed out in his post. TML would be great for someone who plays small and keeps to it.

Tks for comment.

--- 帖子 #1134 ---
My concerns with EURGBP is the inverted hammer on weekly chart and support @ .8575 coinciding ith downward trendline from 2008(weekly chart)

--- 帖子 #1135 ---
In my mind, USD/JP is the best pair to consider for next week(Long). I think USD/CAD, NZD/USD and AUD/USD pairs need more time, maybe 1 or 2 weeks to form trend more clearly. I will try to stay away from these pair moves, watching them, and consider for another long entry with USD/JP

@gssintokyo: thanks your sharing, it's really helpful to me.

--- 帖子 #1136 ---
Maybe because I didn't get a feel of cashing in any significant amount yet, I am still learning to control my appetite for taking the "hundreds" while they're at hands rather than wait for the "thousands"... I know, its against our rules here

From what you wrote, I take that even though you could let it run, at some moment you will close the position or do you simply trail the stop till it is hit ?

--- 帖子 #1137 ---
Do you have LT positions opened with DBFX? I hope everything works out for you and the other FF traders during the transition to GC.

I kind of agree with you on the “in between” issue. I understand that, for me, TML is the absolute primer method to trading trending markets but I do see lots of pips running around during range-bound periods that I wouldn’t mind extracting from “while the trend is forming”. Didn't find a system that suits me for that... I guess one step at a time is the way!

Cheers.

--- 帖子 #1138 ---
I'm watching these:

USDJPY and GBPJPY look like they are consolidating to me.

EURGBP and AUDUSD seem like they are forming an up-trend... still, not sure if we need to wait a couple more weeks for confirmation.

--- 帖子 #1139 ---
trades in the direction of last week`s hindisght nudging me into profitability so far for this week`s new trades, even able to do a bit of gentle stacking ... of course could easily get knocked out by Europe opening..

--- 帖子 #1140 ---
EU just reached round number 1.4 today.

I guess it's a happy day for all seasoned and wannabe TML traders

A pipy week to all!

--- 帖子 #1141 ---
Hey Sweet Pips... I left a message over at BP. Don't want to clutter NMs thread .

Guys, I recommend you read some of Jesse Livemore's stuff.   The reason I bring this up is because it is real relevant to what you are trying to accomplish.

"It was not my thinking but my sitting that made me big money" J. Livemore.  (I am not quoting per verbatum, but it's close enuf LOL)

Kinda like a "Duh" statement right?   But there it is.... you want to let the market play itself out.   Ride it man... ride it all the way LOL.

Oh another thing don't ever get bothered by what happens to the trades.  Patience is the key... WAIT and wait and WAIT MORE till you see your entry materialize.  "Remember while you do nothing, all those traders that feel they need to be in and out of the market are preparing the way for you. You will then profit from their mistakes."  J. Livermore.

Peace

Jess

--- 帖子 #1142 ---
Exited all the shorts now

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...75#post4598775

--- 帖子 #1143 ---
all fresh longs stopped out at BE-all shorts doing o.k. -look like they might make it till tomorrow...

--- 帖子 #1144 ---
Hi Nomask/Everyone,

Its been a while since I posted on FF. I have been busy with other business/work commitments. I have still been following Graeme's thread with interest.

I just wanted to congratulate Nomask on this thread. I had been working on something similar but was trading too many timeframes and also over-trading.

I just want to share something that may help a few first time traders.

Last year I ruptured 2 discs in my back and had several months off work. It was around the time Graeme started his thread(Building an Equity Millepede). I spent the majority of my time laid on the floor reading Graemes thread and trying to put all the valuable lessons into trading. I was by all intents and purposes a full time trader. I had no success.

What I realise now about that period in my trading was that looking at charts all day can be counter productive. You end up seeing opportunities where there are none.

Everybody has the dream of been a succesfull full time trader and leaving there day jobs, but in my experience your day job/business can help your trading by preventing you from over-trading.

Can you imagine the discipline required to sit in-front of the computer all day and not pull the trigger? I believe its almost impossible.

Far better to check occasionally as per this method and if there is a set up then sit down and focus, if not then walk away.

On a side not I am currently short the Euro and +300pips. I just attempted another position after the 4hr candle closed below 1.4 it started to go against me on the 5 min so I closed out for -5pips. I will try again if it comes back up to test 1.4 or a fib level.

Happy Trading to all and keep up the good work Nomask.

Regards,

Ben

--- 帖子 #1145 ---
Hope you made some nice profits!

Now, as per nomask's method, I think we need another week before pulling the trigger.

Cheers.

--- 帖子 #1146 ---
The below matches my own experience and feelings on the matter exactly (i am up a similar amount on the euro with today`s trades)..

--- 帖子 #1147 ---
Hi, I suggest don't get married to one system ! While TML can provide a sound background, you could initiate other trades in between. This is what I have done ....requires hard work ! Keep in touch !

--- 帖子 #1148 ---
Nice to hear from you Ben. How are you doing?

TS

--- 帖子 #1149 ---
Vilas, thanks for the tip!

--- 帖子 #1150 ---
Hello everyone.

I see so many good ideas and analysis being posted lately.I really enjoy and learn by reading them.

Since I'm in kind of a vacation now ,I can't post as often as before but here is an interesting setup on the nzdusd which I wanted to share with you.

Good luck all.

--- 帖子 #1151 ---
thanks Ben.Hope eu makes a close below 1.4 so odds can get stronger to give you +1000 pips profit.

--- 帖子 #1152 ---
continuing of my latest nzdusd plan..

I got two entries on the pinbar I mentioned.

They were both simple breakout entries.

First one stopped out -5pips but second one worked out and its about to be moved to b.e...

--- 帖子 #1153 ---
hello Nomask,

I agree with your topic because your technical trade is not so different from mine. However, you should include volume in your chart analysis, i think.

ty for your share !

Have fun.

--- 帖子 #1154 ---
Im going good thanks Tradestar. I hope you are well.

Euro is retracing but doesnt seem to have any great upward momentum. May get a trade opportunity if it retraces to fib level of last week.

--- 帖子 #1155 ---
Hello everyone..

I just took a eurgbp trade..wanted to share.

I also see some good setups there have been on some other pairs.I'll see if i can find sometime to post them out.

--- 帖子 #1156 ---
Hello Ben,

It is nice to see you here. I remember, you were one of the active participants on Graeme's thread. I am sure your knowledge and experience will help others in this thread too.

--- 帖子 #1157 ---
Hi everyone.

Entered short on AUDUSD and currently at BE.

EDIT 1:

Died @ BE.

--- 帖子 #1158 ---
move to BE soon

http://i31.photobucket.com/albums/c3...k/Forex/n1.jpg

--- 帖子 #1159 ---
Is it just me, or there is really nothing out there as per setups?

Anyone has any advancement this week?

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1160 ---
NZDCAD: Entered long at the close of the engulfing candle. Moved to B/E. Currently @ 100+ pips.

--- 帖子 #1161 ---
all trades I have entered since monday have either stopped out at BE (6 so far) or look like they will do so momentarily or have taken small loss(4 so far) ..

--- 帖子 #1162 ---
That spike down to 81.14 today almost took my live position out today on USD/JPY. In case anyone is wondering, I'd have been stopped out if my position was even BE +1. This is why we put our stop loss at BE.

That being said, I'm sure that position will be gone-ski soon enough. We'll see what the market decides.

P.S. USD/JPY is driving me bonkers. Almost 2 weeks of indecision just to spike down like that and just barely take me out? It's like the market is TRYING to mess with my emotions.

--- 帖子 #1163 ---
Although I don't have a position on USDJPY I feel your frustration. This is part of trading. Should USDJPY go down and take you out there will be always be more opportunities. I haven't been able to trade this week at all due to me being on a study abroad in Germany and class is taking up all my time and I've missed some setups. The market will always be there for us. We just have to continue to take solid entries and trusting our method.

--- 帖子 #1164 ---
nzdxxx pairs had some good opportunities as well as eurgbp..

My latest positions on both pairs died at b.e although they all were at good levels.

shorted eg at .8720 now its down over 100 pips....this one was little "too much".Price hit my entry level at b.e then reversed quickly and never came back to my entry.Its like market knew the exact level where I kept my breakeven trade

bought nzdusd at .7896 now its up about 200 pips--------this one also died at b.e

so this means I had good attempts and they could easily have turned out profitable trades but market did not allow me to get in its ride with my low risk entries..Its all good.There will be another opportunity.

for the next week I'll be watching some pairs.

like eu now forming a very nice bullish setup (currently a pinbar right on 1.4 level) but its still too early to make a call..

nzdusd trying to make a close above .8 level which is very bullish.

au nicely forming a pinbar on a median line (1.05) which shows its intention to move up (if its still the case by the end of the week)

******

All you need to do is

first, pick your weekly chart that indicates its direction clearly by price action and location.Stay focused on the qualified pairs during the week

second, start watching them on 4hr chart until they match with your weekly hindsight.

third,enter upon low and clear entry opportunities.if it fails but gives you another but this time better opportunity,try one more time.But nothing more than two attempts per single 4hr candle.

--- 帖子 #1165 ---
Has anyone tried this approach with a tweak in order to have more frequent trades? Can you please elaborate?

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1166 ---
Can I ask you this:  Why do you feel you need to trade more frequent?  Trades come and go why not just wait on the best ones, have a high success rate, and make good bank on each trade?

You don't have to answer this to the thread but just for you to think about.  I can tell you this personally, when I cut my trades to a third of what they use to be, my profits have never been higher.

simple

--- 帖子 #1167 ---
I've lost money by trading more.

But I think I answered this question once before. The thing that keeps you "waiting" most with this method are the four hour signals. There is a four hour signal every hour somewhere depending on your broker. Sign up for a few demo accounts with different GMT time brokers and load up all of those charts for more setups. I am probably going to stick with one chart since the more time I spend in front of the charts, the more I tend to mess something up!

--- 帖子 #1168 ---
Simple and Jason,

Thanks for your comments. Although I agree with you, I was thinking of a way to "scalp" the market with 30-50 pip trades while our long term setup arises. Think it this way... if we can accumulate some pips by short term trading, then we can risk all or part of those same profits to build a more leveraged entry on the long term, by still risking 10 - 15 pips.

i.e. if get 60 pips by scalping, then on your long term setup you can risk your 15 or so pips at double size, meaning you're risking 30 pips of your scalping profit, without compromising your "original capital". Just a way of building cushion.

--- 帖子 #1169 ---
I guess that you have also read Graeme (a.k.a pipeasy on FF)`s thread?

Although a resolutely very, very long-term trader, when Graeme enters his trades (at least a good many of them) he is looking for set-ups when the price will quickly move in his favour and where he can have a very tight stop-loss. After it moves in his favour of course he is not looking to take profit immediately so he is not`scalping` but he certainly could apply the same set-ups and entries to scalping with great success if he wanted.

Graeme stresses many times the importance of practicing on demo for six months picking the right set-ups (on a 5 min.timeframe)  and having a fixed 20 pip SL and 20 pip PT. He feels that once you are consistently right over half the time then you are ready to trade by picking really good entries (obviously key to scalping).

--- 帖子 #1170 ---
Indeed, my week entry NZDCAD is still alive, now almost reaching 200 pips!

My first big one, man

Thanks Nomask for teaching us your amazing method !!

--- 帖子 #1171 ---
(I only trade the USD pairs and the JPY pairs..)

Hindsight telling me reasonably clearly to look for opportunities to short the dollar next week.

JPY pairs look a bit iffy or consolidation-y so gonna stay away from them unless and until I see something solid and clear in the H4 timeframe.

--- 帖子 #1172 ---
congratulation bro,,

and good luck forever to you,,

--- 帖子 #1173 ---
Thanks, wish you many pips too.

Hope this week presents more opportunities for successful entries!

--- 帖子 #1174 ---
hi people, long time no trade,me short on eu,please comments!

--- 帖子 #1175 ---
http://i31.photobucket.com/albums/c3...ck/Forex/w.jpg

http://i31.photobucket.com/albums/c3.../Forex/au4.jpg

http://i31.photobucket.com/albums/c3.../Forex/au5.jpg

comments are welcome..

--- 帖子 #1176 ---
Just one comment, mates. Historically during bank holidays days the vast majority of positions died on BEs or were complete losses. Today is GBP and USD bank holidays and this fact doesn't favor trend trading at all.

Chances are reduced very much.

Perhaps, range trading today is ok to some degree, but not what we're doing here imho.

So I use these (bank holidays) days as an addition to weekend and learn, learn and then learn a bit more.

--- 帖子 #1177 ---
gss,

Iwonder why you keep your hindsight short for EU? Last week is a bullish pinbar from the 1.4 level (mayor line). I've my chart marked long waiting for momentum bar on H4 probably tomorrow or Wednesday.

I have market to short USDCHF though.

Comments appreciated.

BTW, no I havent read graems (pipeasy) thread. Do you have the name of the thread or the link to it?

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1178 ---
This is true diamond.
Pipeasy thread

Hello, cfabian.

Agree with you that last week had a medium-strength bullish PA on EU (and very bullish on some other correlated pairs, NU, GU and AU) and bearish on UCHF.

So far I see guys want to play counter-trade trades, while waiting when bullish PA on EU will be happening on H4 at 50%, 61.8% of last week fibo levels.

--- 帖子 #1179 ---
Thanks a lot mate, just added to my bookmarks to give it a read. Lets see what happens as per our agreed hindsight.

NOMASK: An important question for you... If you see last weeks EURUSD, the weekly candle although has bigger body than its predecessor, it didn't go any higher than it, and according to my understanding of "engulfing" it is not  "engulfing" any of the previous 2 candles. Would you still consider this as a valid long signal? Or you would prefer it engulfing previous, or at least breaking previous's HH? Thanks

--- 帖子 #1180 ---
Hi cfabian and all.sorry for post with no chart since i dont have an accesa to a regular computer yet (posting this through my tablet).

I must have mentioned at some point that i would be looking to go long on eu because of the last weekly candles shape and location.

Last down move of it didnt attract me since it happened with no test of a major line (this is usually a sign of a secondary move).but last week it did touch a major line and it was foemomg a pinbar but turned out somethong better maybe an engulfing bar it can be callwd.so my hindsight is up for this week.sorry for spelling mistakes.hard writing on touch screens

--- 帖子 #1181 ---
after a predictably dead day yesterday, when I hope everyone practiced their golf swing rather than traded , today seems to be kicking in last week`s hindsight very nicely indeed (so far!!)

--- 帖子 #1182 ---
Other than EU, NZDUS also looks promising.

It broke 0.8000 major level last week and is now breaking the resistence level.

--- 帖子 #1183 ---
positio died @be+1,after alittle pullback /35pips or so/ went up again,strong bull atm,so no need to look for ct,missed long setup this morning by asia,waiting for retrace...

--- 帖子 #1184 ---
Cfabian, in addition to Nomask's reply I would like to share few hints I learnt from Pipeasy and other guys.

1. Almost engulfing = attracts higher risk, so entry is possible with lower lotsize or with same lotsize, realizing that there is a higher risk of fault for such entry.

2. "Anticipation" (for details - check Pipeasy's thread).

When you see a bar, unclosed yet, or closing near the open of the prev. opposite bar, you can anticipate that price move was not sporadic and rather than not, it'll continue running in the direction of last move.

Beautiful example was in Pipeasy's thread, when if we see a current H4 or H1 candle, unclosed yet, near the level where it engulfes prev. opposite candle, we can take this fact as a valid signal to go to lower TF for entry, but assuming we're taking higher risk, as candle is still not closed.

3. Entry zones - as Pipeasy taught, we're not looking for exact pip for entry, instead we're looking for certain key areas near important levels.

It's "ALMOST" everywhere in life. It means there is a risk everywhere. Our target is to identify where we can accept the risk, at which cost, and what for. Not always risk taking is good. Out of market is also a good alternative from time to time. Overconfidence attracts lower profit. Not enough confidence attracts unjustified high risk.

--- 帖子 #1185 ---
Cfabian,

I agree with you- I mean short the dollar, so long EUR/USD.

--- 帖子 #1186 ---
Thanks a lot Alexander, was a very good addition.

--- 帖子 #1187 ---
This is another position that died a BE.

Next...

--- 帖子 #1188 ---
Nomask, you're so quiet lately. We need you here!!! What is your opinion on current conditions? We want to see your marked charts

--- 帖子 #1189 ---
...long...

--- 帖子 #1190 ---
Hello, guys.

On this week. Few facts to consider:

1. It's a start of new month.

2. It's a NFP release week.

Assumption: ranging moves with no clear established direction, or very low trend strength.

Result: positions opened are likely to end as losses or died at BE.

Next week we will see how market will interpret this week NFP and, possibly, make a choice to continue current direction (continuation of upmove), or to continue with last monthly candle, which is bearish.

So, IMHO we have a contradiction in hindsights, which is bearish for MN and bullish for WK. Pipeasy taught to avoid such pairs with contradicting hindsights, because this contradiction means price may go either way. But also he taught to "participate" - make low risk entries at suitable opportunities, in order to catch the train in the beginning of new trend.

Personally, I find trading in a week of NFP is purely overtrading, discouraging and creating anxiety and frustration on most occasions. Chances ARE NOT in our favor most of the times. Rarely when NFP week has a clear established trend, which continues by Friday NFP release with even more move in that trend direction. That pre-NFP days trend means that traders were anticipating NFP results and bought on rumors many days before the actual NFP release.

--- 帖子 #1191 ---
hit almost sl, now set be+1

--- 帖子 #1192 ---
trade closed @4500,will check next week after nonfarm...

--- 帖子 #1193 ---
EU wanna hold or closed? hard to decide....

closed already

--- 帖子 #1194 ---
This is probably the first big step you've made to reaching a 1000 pip winner. I would certainly hope you are squirming in your chair today! lol. No offense of course.

I also wanted to share a trade I missed today. I love traveling Europe and experiencing a different culture but sometimes when I see perfect setups like this after the fact I wish I was at home! Oh well the market will always be there for me and I'm not going to be in Europe again anytime soon.

Have a good weekend all!

--- 帖子 #1195 ---
If you have 2 undesirable outcomes which makes you feel worse?*

1. You get edgy about a trade (possibly after a few back-to-back losses) and take profit of , say, 80 pips, then shortly after see that if you had stayed in you would be hundreds of pips in profit and rising...

2. You keep your S.L. at B.E. and then get stopped out -making no profit at all.

I  believe that getting the right mindset and training youself to take option 2 over option 1 is one of the key battles of this thread`s followers .

I am always looking for real-life-trading examples as to why sticking to your guns and taking either option 2 or infinite profits is better than option 1 overall -- fortunately most weeks will throw up more than 1 concrete eample of this which helps put steel into my backbone..

--- 帖子 #1196 ---
You've hit the nail right on the head. If you do #1 and take that 80 pips to the bank, it won't usually pay for the pips that it cost to make the long term positions/legs that you require to succeed. How many failed entries are paid for in full from one position cashed out at 1000 pips? That's the beauty of this method.

Also, please do as I say, not as I do. By the end of April, I was net profitable in my account due to waiting to cash out one position until the big EUR/USD move to the minor line of 1.45. I also traded a lot less at the time. Nomask (where are you, Master???) would have been proud of each low-risk entry that I took.

Fast forward to NOW: I've taken some small wins and MANY losses and in the end, I've lost a fair amount of money. Even with the overtrading, the "revenge" trades, increasing my lot size unnecesarrily, and the frequent times in the month of May that I felt confident enough to place a trade that Nomask wouldn't have done in a million years, I still would have had all of my losses paid for with ONE big move. Although I was net profitable by the end of April, if I let my 2 other positions run to that minor line of 1.45 instead of closing them out at 100 pips in April (because "no one became broke taking profits", right?), I would be net profitable right now.

The moral of this story is to listen to the original poster's ideas. And listen to Graeme, too. The small chunks of the pie won't pay the operational costs of your business. Let it die on BE (not BE +1) and take your 500 pips (minor line, if you must ) or 1000 pip (major line) position all the way to the bank. If a position dies at BE after reaching 200 pips, who cares? The position didn't want to "go the distance" for you so to hell with it!

I hope that I have learned my lesson this time. I deposited last week the amount that I lost for more available margin and another go-round. I wouldn't have had to do that if I just followed scenario #2.

The good news? Last week I added these 3 positions with Nomask's method:

As of today:

short USD/JPY: +208 pips

long EUR/USD: +295 pips

short USD/CAD: +56 pips

My vow to you, myself, and Charlie Sheen:

I will let them all die on BE before I close them out in the rare chance that they keep going in my desired direction. I will also keep my lot size constant and increase the amount of my positions in the market. I have also found that the more I trade, the more I lose. So I will only recognize a 4 hour candle that basically screams "NOMASK ENTRY" to me and everyone else here. No more taking chances. No more throwing sh*t against a wall and hoping it sticks. I think I've learned my lesson now.

I hope this truly personal post helps someone come to this realization before losing their shirt in this market. I also hope that by publically posting my promise to myself and this thread, that it solidifies my commitment to keep trading this amazing method that requires nothing but discipline, patience and a level head to become extremely profitable.

Happy pips to each of you!

--- 帖子 #1197 ---
JasonC,

Without wanting to sound too much like Oprah-- thanks for sharing, mate.

I reckon there is a good chance at least one of your current positions could still be alive next week-- and after that, the sky's the limit!

greg

--- 帖子 #1198 ---
Thanks so much for your honesty.  It is so good for me to read as I can fully relate.  I have ready the first and last page of this thread.  Now to start at the beginning again and try to learn, absorb, apply, and get it ingrained into my subconscious.  Have a good week.

--- 帖子 #1199 ---
Nice real life story. It is a lesson for everyone. Thank you.

--- 帖子 #1200 ---
hi all,

weekly very bullish,passed through 4500,long entry on 5M...maybe this time 1.5000?

--- 帖子 #1201 ---
...damnit...if i didnt closed it i would have had 230 pips now...

--- 帖子 #1202 ---
set @be+1,now better go to sleep

--- 帖子 #1203 ---
Hi everyone..Finally I'm back after a long trip abroad..Its nice to be back

in my european timezone.

I'm just pulling up my charts now and probably will catch up with you guys later on with some thoughts..

--- 帖子 #1204 ---
As I was going through the charts I just came across a setup on audusd..

charts attached.

--- 帖子 #1205 ---
Hello Nomask,

Welcome back. It is nice to see your analysis again.

This is an update from my-side:

USD/CHF : +370 pips and still running

EUR/USD : +200 pips and another leg +35pips

I was away from computers for almost 2weeks, therefore I did not have opportunity to add more legs.

--- 帖子 #1206 ---
congratz maaj..usdchf has a great potential to move further down...

--- 帖子 #1207 ---
Hi Nomask:

This is my first post. Have been around forex forums for a couple of years trying many diff systems...the usual story. I am close to retirement without sufficient funds so you can see how important it is for me to make this work.

I am very thankful to you for your kind and generous sharing here. I took a EU trade yesterday following your system with 11 pips stop loss. Checked this morning I am up 82pips. I can't believe how easy and simple it was and without any worries.

A big thank you from the bottom of my heart.

Love and a big hug, Linda

--- 帖子 #1208 ---
Thank you Linda..its been my pleasure to share.

remember that no rush for anything.once you made your first 1000 pips you'd feel a lot more confident with your next trades.

in the last 6 months i've captured two 1000 pip-ride on eu..that equals to 2000 pips with no stacking..But it gets easier to stack once your position starts growing into your direction.If it was not my bad that 2000 pips would easily be over 4000 pips for 6 months..

amazing to see a little tiny 5 min entry turns into a 1000 pip position..Its rare but totally worth digging for it.

--- 帖子 #1209 ---
Thank you Nomask.

Update: I have moved all my trades to BE. Now it is a free-run, even if all my trades turn to opposite side, I will not lose a single penny.

--- 帖子 #1210 ---
Hi All

I know this is not an thread with lots of indi's but I was having problems drawing my fibs for weekly / 4hr nicely onto my 5m chart

hence this indicator

you can specify the period you want the fibs for (4hr, daily, weekly etc.)

and you place it on the chart that you use to enter, eg. 5m

it will always use the last closed bar of the period specified.

one parameter i am not sure about the default for is the xb_Move.HiLo - this moves the Hi/Lo of the fib based on PA that occurred after the fib candle closed.

Reason I am confused is that Nomask posted twice regarding this with different answers (post 216 - move the fibo, post 220 - do not move the fibo) - so I am not sure what is the correct setting

Nomask - if you are reading this please could you advise.

You can add the indicator multiple times without problem (it uses the fibo period in the fibo name) - but best to use different colors.

It always goes top to bottom as it only plots the major levels of 38.2, 50 & 61.8

On a new bar of the fibo period it will automatically create a new one.

Regards

John

--- 帖子 #1211 ---
Thank you Nomask - it will be mini lots for a few months until I build up some confidence - looking forward to my first 1000 pips.

--- 帖子 #1212 ---
...sl hit...90 pips up and down...

--- 帖子 #1213 ---
Great.

this is all I can do for an entry..your mission complited with them until they grow something big.

rest is up to the market..

--- 帖子 #1214 ---
hi jason..

in the post 220 i was answering to a question whether the fib should be "completely" moved on the present week as it broke the last week's high..

but in the post 216 i moved "only low" of the fib to the new low that was established in the present week..

they were different cases.

hope this helps.

--- 帖子 #1215 ---
here is my latest trade on gj which i took 20 mins ago..not the best setup but still okay..

--- 帖子 #1216 ---
Just wanted to say hi to all. I haven't been in the forums for awhile. Last thread I followed was when Bobokus was still active on his price action thread. I'm glad to see the army of price action believers are growing everyday !  Did anyone catch that big drop to 1.4500 on EURUSD? I had anticipated it due to the H and S formation on the 4HR chart . I got in late on it around 1.45400. But heck, if anyone ever figures out how to time the market precisely let me know and I"ll be the first to open a bottle of Dom Pergnon! Mr. Nomask,  I would like to thank you and your loyal followers for keeping price action alive and well. A wise forexer once told me : " The Good news is every strategy in forex works  ... Bad news is every strategy  doesn't work all the time. "  Even Price Action can be perplexing, but it has been by far the most consistent way I have been able to make money in forex.

--- 帖子 #1217 ---
Hey, mates. It is now "red aura" on EU happening at the moment i.e. when both weekly (bearish) and monthly (price below month open) are aligned (as per Pipeasy), so it's time for aggressive stacking.. however, it's already Friday evening and not the perfect time to do so.

If you remember some time ago I noted we had controversial hindsights = Monthly hindsight down (prev. month closed bearish) and weekly hindsight up (week closed bullish). So this time monthly hindsight prevailed over the weekly so we got this bearish week. Sure, it's easy to say after the fact, but as Pipeasy taught, always open your mind for both directions - up and down, never stick like a gut, only to one direction as market is unpredictable in the essence.

Hope you all had a good week. As to myself, I had quite a lot of unrealized profit, all of which was closed at BE this week. I managed to have a remarkable position which I enterred on the retracement right after the NFP news, so it went over +200 pips before closed on BE later. But the world doesn't end on this week, so life is going on

--- 帖子 #1218 ---
Thanks god the week is over. I got nailed heavily.

I'll try to stay more focused and recap this thread. Wish one day can trade as easy as Nomask does.

Have a great weekend everyone.

--- 帖子 #1219 ---
This is a perfect example of friday afternoon price action of the price " braiding " up and down at a defined resistance . In this case what I call the " Battle at 1.03250 " at AUDCAD. I was looking for a move down to the major level of 1.0000 . I think eventually it will head there, but for the time being we are here at 1.03250 fighting resistence of the bulls wanting to go up. They are persistant on a friday afternoon.

--- 帖子 #1220 ---
Made it out before the market close at  -$1.12 . Just ran out of time before BE, but pretty close in my book.

--- 帖子 #1221 ---
thanks kpt..when that drop happened in eu it was not my favorite pair to trade as it has not tested the major line at 1.5...sure that could still be traded at the time but I had another pair to trade at the same time (nzdusd) with a better location and shape...even though some went almost +200 pips in profit,my positions on that pair died at b.e since I don't like to consider any trade as "profitable" when they're less than at least 400-500 pips..

--- 帖子 #1222 ---
Graeme had two different approach about that...

one is sticking to your hindsight until the market gives proves you that it changed its long term direction,

second is -like you said-being prepared for both directions all the time...

First one is more conservative way and for the people new to his method,second one is rather aggresive and needs extra trading skills..

But imho,even the second one has a greater potential in terms of reward,its not worthy when considering the time and effort you need to spend plus the stress you have to deal with.

--- 帖子 #1223 ---
when you feel you're kind of getting lost..step back and focus on the  major lines.There is this simple fact,price needs to go from a major  line to another.

You see cleaner and better price action on those lines  since they attract mass psychology big time by their simplicity.

this is just an endless battle between bulls and bears and sometimes we get lost in the middle of the battle and forget which side we were fighting with.Between our major lines its battlefiled where you get all dust and mess that sometimes you can't even see anything.When it happens best thing to do is retreat to the major line and wait until all the dust settle.

--- 帖子 #1224 ---
So here are my favourite pairs and hindsight for the upcoming week.

I've analyzed 10 pairs and these 3 were better among them.

--- 帖子 #1225 ---
Man, I'm losing my mind. 400+ pips in long EUR/USD positions dead on BE after the news on Thursday. And it was seemingly bullish news (wtf??). Anyway, I have 2 shorts on USD/JPY still alive at almost 300+ pips. Since I'm a US customer (can't hedge) and I clearly see long on the weekly for USD/JPY, I'm considering taking profits on these shorts. Any advice for me would be welcome by Nomask and others.

After being up a total of 700+ pips this week, I am really having a hard time believing that I wouldn't have been better off closing it all out. I'm going to go broke at this rate! I'm still staying true to my promise to myself and this thread (see my last and rather long post), but it is becoming increasingly difficult.

--- 帖子 #1226 ---
Hello, Nomask. Thank you very much for commenting my post.

Yep, Graeme said he chose to stick in his thread only to one direction for the beginners' better understanding until they get a feeling for his method in its completeness (which is trade both directions).

Also he said why he personally trades both directions - 1. catch a new trend start, 2. not to sit on the sidelines till the opposite to this week signal proves its correctness (as a weekly closed bar).3. additional to no.1 - positions opened on weekly candles wicks have more potential to survive coming weeks retracements and essentially they give much bigger profit in the end.

I fully agree with you that trading both directions is much more stressfull and time-consuming.

However I remember from your pics that you exploit the same principle of trading both directions, just with charts of bigger scale - 1000 and 500 pp (major and mid-major) lines.

I'd like to take this opportunity and thank you for all the good work you've done here, Nomask.

Glad you're back in your thread, please keep it up!

--- 帖子 #1227 ---
that is really agreat thread for both newbies and pros.. well done nomask

--- 帖子 #1228 ---
Hi nomask:

I'm puzzled by your selection of AUDUSD. It looks like it is testing 1.0500 and I'm sure I have seen you state that such a pair isn't suitable until it breaks thru decisively.

Can you explain?

Regards,

JS

--- 帖子 #1229 ---
Reason why I continue to follow this consolidation of AUDCAD is the long time that its been going on. Conventional wisdom favors a big and long sustained break whichever way that is. ie. The longer the consolidation the bigger the breakout move.  Stay tuned forexers.

--- 帖子 #1230 ---
This could be the move down I have patiently have waited for.

--- 帖子 #1231 ---
I counted 18 rejections at 1.03250 to only 4 at the support of 1.0360. I'd say that's definitely strong bias of more resistence than support and reason to think direction is down.

--- 帖子 #1232 ---
I believe price has now left consolidation for further move down after twice failing 50 % fib test.

--- 帖子 #1233 ---
Breakout in full swing down.

--- 帖子 #1234 ---
The previous screen just shows what you would see with MA's laid over the price action. I just take a look at this perspective from time to time as a reference confirming PA.

--- 帖子 #1235 ---
Looks like price consolidates a bit before each drop

--- 帖子 #1236 ---
Hi Jason..

just like you said,eu could've been moved another 500 pips easily if it  played as per the fundamentals.But sometimes it doesn't and there is  nothing you can do about it.

Hedging is an important part to my trading method because when price  makes an opposite price action to my current position then I'd have to  take advantage of it by hedging.

I believe that your 400 pip-eu trade was very close to hit 1000 pips level.

about your uj trades I posted some charts before and said that I expect a  bullish week for it but If I were you I would try to go long without  closing my shorts but the problem is you can't hedge..Although I never  been in that situation before (all my brokers allowed hedging) but  probably I'd close them out as I get to chance to enter in opposite  direction.

--- 帖子 #1237 ---
ah ha..sounds like you got me

but no,you didn't..I do that "only" when I get a conflicting price actions.If I had two different scenarios in my hands for a pair,I would tend to stay away from it except it has a potential of a great reward.

--- 帖子 #1238 ---
Thanks for posting your chart as I dont usually watch this pair.  It looks like we need a 1hr or possibly 4hr bar close beneath your support line drawn.  I'm still new to all this and just started following this excellant thread.  Keep em coming.

--- 帖子 #1239 ---
thanks extreme..great to hear that.

--- 帖子 #1240 ---
Hi JS.

What if it crashes that median line down?according to the last weekly price action this is what I expect.charts attached

--- 帖子 #1241 ---
Hi, nomask! In first i want to say: thank you very much for you lessons and comments. Trading EU at begining (when you start the theme) was very good. I just try to own your method and (of couse) i need help. By the way: the situation for eurjpy looks like audusd isn't it?

--- 帖子 #1242 ---
thanks sol.

yes it does look similar.except au had also breakout along with the engulfing candle.

--- 帖子 #1243 ---
I don't believe there is any reason to stick with a broker who won't allow hedging. Even if it is a bit of a hassle to change brokers (it can still be done REALLY quickly), it is not possible to trade effectively (certainly not in Graeme or Nomask's way of trading) without being able to go both long and short on the same pair.

--- 帖子 #1244 ---
my first trade of the week..

went long on uj..lets see how it goes.risking 5-6 pips

--- 帖子 #1245 ---
Well, the bulls came roaring back to knock me out at BE. Might have to join them and see if they run up the hill for a awhile.

--- 帖子 #1246 ---
Hi Nomask!

Does "visual stop" mean that you trade without really placing the stop loss order?

--- 帖子 #1247 ---
since I use very tight stop ,I don't place stop loss to prevent any possible spike.Instead I close it manually except the times I have to leave the computer.

--- 帖子 #1248 ---
closed my uj trade with 3 pips loss...

I close it with small loss rather than waiting and hoping that it starts going in my direction..

--- 帖子 #1249 ---
It's not the broker, Gssintokyo, it's the country. No US trader can take a position both ways. It's a bummer. I'm just gonna hope that UJ goes south so my two legs grow, even though it's looking pretty good for longs right now. Until I open a second account, there's not much else I can do.

--- 帖子 #1250 ---
Testing S and R of 80.300 and 80.225 . Has to go past one or the other.

--- 帖子 #1251 ---
Just saw this reply, Nomask. I haven't closed my positions yet, but I think I should have right when the market opened this week. I will keep my fingers crossed. I just can't go long on UJ until I close them, unfortunately. I could say some unpleasant things about the US government right now, but I'll refrain from that.

--- 帖子 #1252 ---
Looks to break 80.225

--- 帖子 #1253 ---
Their thinking about it

--- 帖子 #1254 ---
Looks like further move down to magic no. 80.000 . Should  stop at support levels along the way.

--- 帖子 #1255 ---
I would hold it "until" I get an opposite setup and low risk entry..

--- 帖子 #1256 ---
It's going to take time moving to 80.000

--- 帖子 #1257 ---
Looks like retest after pin bar at 80.125 support

--- 帖子 #1258 ---
Looks like price is going to consolidate a bit between 80.225 and 80.125

--- 帖子 #1259 ---
Looks like possible reverse H and S.

--- 帖子 #1260 ---
I think you are too focused on the 5 min chart. Take a step back and look at the big picture.

--- 帖子 #1261 ---
Looks like the formation may signal ride back up.

--- 帖子 #1262 ---
For the nubies , rule of thumb is distance is 2x from the head to the shoulders that the price will run after formation is made.

--- 帖子 #1263 ---
Zuch , looks like same pattern at 4hr timeframe.

--- 帖子 #1264 ---
Ehh...H&S is very hard to trade for me b/c it is very subjective to whoever is looking at them. Perhaps it works for you but what I've learned through this thread is that simple candlestick patterns on round numbers are the most effective indicators just because of their simplicity. There is no debating where 1.5, 1.4, 1.3, etc is. I like to use 100 pip levels in addition to 1000 pip levels on weekly chart. By all means if H&S works for you keep on using it but I just don't see it well.

--- 帖子 #1265 ---
GU at 61.8. Gonna make some decision here

Any suggestion?

http://i31.photobucket.com/albums/c3...k/Forex/gu.jpg

--- 帖子 #1266 ---
Hello Zusch,
I’m getting philosophical about trades I enter around ‘00s which, I hope, is a healthy state to get to.  I used to think I had to get in at ’00.  As Graeme says, his “biggest helper” when considering entries at any point is whether price is coming up or coming down from ’00, and if we enter in the right direction at ’00 we know that price might well proceed to the next ’00.
I place price behaviour at ‘00s into roughly 5 types:
a)    It charges straight through and doesn’t look back
b)    It bounces and departs in the direction it came from
c)    It bounces and then moves through
d)    It moves through and returns for a touch before proceeding on its way
e)    It hangs around for a long time after your entry, pushing through in both directions, and then it’s 50/50 as to whether you’ll have a successful trade.
I’ve seen this behaviour on 15m to H4 depending on the pace of the market that day/hour.
Either early in Nomask’s thread or in Graeme’s thread, some guy said that he only (he said “and I mean only”) trades on support turning to resistance or vice versa, as in (d) above. Perhaps I’m stressing myself by wanting to be on as many winning trades as possible, but I couldn’t limit myself to a strategy such as his where there will be relatively fewer opportunities.
I tend to expect some price action at ’00.  (I used to grieve when (a) happens.)  I’ve concluded that if there’s recognisable price action at ‘00, I’ll trade accordingly, but if there isn’t, I’ll catch the tide later when there’s price action beyond  ’00.
I’m intrigued by your phrase “simple candlestick patterns on round numbers are the most effective indicators just because of their simplicity.”  Would you mind expanding on that please?  Is your perspective anywhere near mine?

Thanks,

Kan

--- 帖子 #1267 ---
I took a short on aj..I already posted my weekly hindsight(short) about this pair before.

charts attached

--- 帖子 #1268 ---
I think we are on the same page. I used to look for support and resistance on daily charts, but I had no real consistent way of identifying them. Round numbers however are very simple to define. Candlestick patterns (such as pinbars/engulfing patterns/3 bar reversal) are a little more subjective but much more easy to define than head and shoulders for example. Pinbars in my opinion are the best candlestick pattern. Here are the links to basic pinbar strategy:
http://www.forexfactory.com/attachme...7&d=1236359305
http://www.forexfactory.com/attachme...chmentid=43134

From your list of possibilities I like to trade scenarios B and D. I am trying to work in scenario E as moves out of tight ranges usually are the fastest moves. So using our weekly hindsight I take trades off of candlestick patterns on these round numbers. I cannot stress how important it is that your weekly chart is telling you what direction the trend is. If you are simply trading 4 hour pinbars on 100 pip levels both ways you will get a lot of signals and it will more than likely cost you a lot of money. Fewer, higher quality trades is the goal. This has all been said before by Nomask and others in this thread and if you haven't read through the entire thread yet I strongly recommend it just so you don't miss anything.

I certainly hope this post helped!

--- 帖子 #1269 ---
Zusch, I certainly understand your and others point of view about H & S patterns and other formations for that matter. Be honest with you I try not to rely to heavily on them, but when I see them I take note and try to understand their behavior especially if I see them in the  lower 5 min  and  upper 4hr timeframes  as I saw the other day on usdjpy.  Yesterday didn't end up forming which was the case , but  I like to point it out just for feedback be it positive or negative. I do agree with the previous poster that the major levels while important, it might be good to consider the direction price is coming into it  to evaluate whether it is going to be a correction back to a previous major level or break through to a new major level. I look at the proximity of the price to the mid levels also. I also agree with you about interpreting candles, be it individual or formations. Like everthing we do here in this thread or other threads I know you 'll have to agree that as traders we have to  weigh objectivity ( Price Action confirmations ) with subjectivity ( intuition and experience ). That's why trading is the most difficult profession to be in.  I do get carried away with posting from time to time, so it doesn't hurt my feelings for anyone to tell me: ( " Hey, what's all the excitement about ! )

--- 帖子 #1270 ---
hello everyone..

Last night when I was sleeping and probably dreaming too,some good setups occured in both eu and ej.

attached is the example of ej.

Remember you can always learn from the trades you've missed as well as the ones you took.

--- 帖子 #1271 ---
Hallo Nomask, great strategy! I have read and understand the strategy; problem is that I am not so patience as you are. I but I think that the strategy is a very good tool that can predict the trend so I want to use it as a good indictor to further trend development. I want to ask of you know any 1 that use your strategy simpler to my idea?

Happy trading

@Materyb

--- 帖子 #1272 ---
Hi, Nomask! I taked long by UJ in according your method. But 2 time was unsuccessfull (loosed about 30 pp). Last long still alive and BE.

By the way, I think it's too much risky to sell crosses EJ and GJ when growing up UJ. What do you think?

--- 帖子 #1273 ---
Nomask,

My perception on EU was that we were long biased after that pinbar on W1 as per method.

Yes, last week was bearish, but not even engulfing. Or what is your perception?

Great setup by tbut he way. A couple of this a week is what I need according to my style. Not 1000 pips, but 100+ each. Although will aim for 1000 on some trades as kind of "yoga" exercise, while building equity on the other hand, LOL.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1274 ---
Hi all,

Its been awhile since I posted here been very busy and the room when I started only a hand full of members now.. WOW it has grown which is great. Its better late then never but EU finally dropped like brick and now my position is riding at breakeven. I will add later. Will try to be present more. Have good day

--- 帖子 #1275 ---
Same question as to Nomask.... although was a great entry, why short hindsight if long term handsight is "long"?

On what basis you determined short entry? Not even previous short W1 was engulfing its predecesor long candle.

Thanks a lot guys... please help me clear this out

--- 帖子 #1276 ---
Cfabian

Here is how I see it. Last week or two I had a bias long noted by the price bounce off the previous resistance(white line and arrows). Another indication was price also bounce off of the 4000 level broke through 4500 headed north but failed and closed below 4500 , so that was why I had a short hindsight. The close below 4500 gave me the short hindsight and I waited according to the method and got in. Yes engulfing are my no brainer entry but they will not always line up as you want them too. It was close enough for me. (I use other analysis also). Use discretion if it looks good get in. According to my eagle eye skills we might be good down to 1.3050 so you my have time. HERE IS THE BEAUTY OF THIS METHOD. We should not care which way the market is going if it tells us short or long we go. Same for price target(we have none) . I have target because I am managing other folks hard earn cashola, but in my account I want all the market has to offer. We either breakeven or let it run until 1000 pip are hit or it tells us its turning around. Hope this helps Nomask may explian it better.

Summary:  My long died at breakeven the candle closed below 4500 so  I went short.

--- 帖子 #1277 ---
Guys, on EU, don't forget few things to consider:

1. Prev. month was bearish (not engulfing, but still), low is much lower the open of month before.

2. Prev. week was bearish (not engulfing, but still).

3. Mon and Tue PA on H1 and H4 - very lazy, candles were looking more like a retracement to the main trend, not like a full trend full bodied candles.

4. Long positions opened were dying on BE pretty much this month.

Conclusion => bears getting more power this month, and few bullish weeks were just an upper wick on monthly candle, which now looking bearish.

--- 帖子 #1278 ---
I guess I had a more intuitive interpretation: even if the word is that 1.5 will be attained during this year, I think the big boys still want to cash in with orders at the 1.4 level before having price fly up again. That's why I read the 1.45 pinbar as a major resistence area that is now sending PA down to 1.4 before it corrects. I entered short and am currently at +233 pips with SL=BE.

--- 帖子 #1279 ---
You can implement this method in anyway as far as you trade profitable.for more aggresive way of trading you can check out the building equity millipede thread of Graeme (pipeasy)

--- 帖子 #1280 ---
I try to keep rules as simple as possible.

So when there is a proper setup, only things that I consider before making an entry are the time (whether its close to a major news release or not) and spread( whether the spread is too wide for a low risk entry or nor)..

But sure, major pairs are easier to trade and move faster than the crossed ones.

--- 帖子 #1281 ---
Hey cfabian

Maybe I'm already late to answer this message but the attached chart still contains fresh information

--- 帖子 #1282 ---
With you on this, a textbook run down from 1.45, RN + Fib confluence at that level for the short.

--- 帖子 #1283 ---
If you noticed that I posted only ej trade.Because it was the only proper one as per my method (It did test a major line of 120 and continued its down move)..Eu did not test that 1.5 level which makes me not eager to trade it yet..If I get a bearish setup at 1.4 level then I can think of shorting it.

But again, this is totally personal taste of the method.One can easily take that swing move down on the weekly timeframe into consideration and start shorting it based on that.

--- 帖子 #1284 ---
nice to see you back vqtrader

--- 帖子 #1285 ---
thats what I'm trying to say and this is totally up to your personal trading skills.nothing wrong with that.

major lines to me are not only a tool for directions but also to keep me out of overtrading.

--- 帖子 #1286 ---
Speaking of sticking to rules.I have another rule which is about breaking rules in another way of saying "making exceptions".

I trade some exceptional setups if its potentially worth to do that and only if it really tells me a story..

Following is a long trade of uj that I just took before posting my answers here.

One thing is missing in this trade.I wonder if anybody can see what was missing in that trade and how I decided to take this long.

--- 帖子 #1287 ---
To me that 4 hour chart doesn't look too convincing. The last 4 hour candle was a huge down move with a pinish look at the bottom. However, should the current candle close the way it is then its more appealing but you are already in. I'm going to guess you took this long because of old resistance becoming support (in addition to it happening at a Fib level)?

--- 帖子 #1288 ---
hi Jason,

I know about US-based brokers but I know that many of them have offices overseas which are not governed by the same FIFO rules and all  the other US based traders I know have opened accounts since 2010 with these overseas offices of US firms  or totally US-unaffiliated firms so it can definitely be done using one account by folks based in the US-and these same guys all say it was worth the effort and hassle required.

--- 帖子 #1289 ---
correct..my first trade died at b.e because of the news' pullback but gave me another "long" opportunity 10 mins before the news to do my second and last attempt for this 4hr bar..so now I have another free ride.I don't know if its going to survive at the time of the news release

--- 帖子 #1290 ---
second try..

--- 帖子 #1291 ---
Nomask,

Agree on current candle denoting a bearish move. But you spotted an entry early this week based on previous W1. That's why the confusion here with me.

By just looking at H4 I agree, but trading shorter than 1000 taget.

--- 帖子 #1292 ---
Nonetheless, I'll have to agree that this is not a 1000 pips target move for now.

--- 帖子 #1293 ---
Hi Nomask and crew,

in this case I was aware of engulfing bearish weekly comparing to small pinbar on major line ... just my sight

... but of course if you follow your rules and low risk entry, then keep triyng

lot of pips guys )

--- 帖子 #1294 ---
This candle is the nastiest thing I have ever saw.  This what I call big time indecision.  I think we all get a free week off from this pair to see if it goes one way or another.  I still have my short open and will not close it until I am stopped out.  USD/JPY has not been a good one either(too many false breaks), but I think it really wants to explode north.  Let us look this weekend to pick out potential moves.  take care guys/gals

--- 帖子 #1295 ---
Closed this position at 200 pips as price changed direction. Not bad for a counter-trend trade

--- 帖子 #1296 ---
Hi all,

I wanted to get this out so I can enjoy the weekend.  I scanned the charts with low spread and with potential opportunity for the coming weeks and USD/CAD and USD/JPY is what I found.  I will be looking for dollar strength(from a technical prospective).

My currency story:
USD/CAD(monthly)-The technical story tells me we are at a double price bottom with a potential long bias which dated back 11/1/2007.  After this it went north.  At this point price is hanging in the wind with no support nor resistance to propel from.  A good place to keep an eye on price is the 1.000 level.  It would be nice to see it break through close then open above for the new week so we can find a low risk entry.
FYI-I looked at this on the monthly because this had the better story

USD/JPY(Weekly)-The technical story tells me we have a lot of selling pressure but if it can stay above 80.00 we may soon be looking for buy entries due to the double price bottom which dated back 6/1/1994.  After this it went north.  At this point price needs to break the trendlines and have a GOOD bullish candle to get my attention.  This pair has not faired well with me for the last 2 weeks and that is why.  Currently it is range bound.  85.00 is the true break area. A good place to keep an EYE on price is the 82.00 level(early bird chases the worm).
FYI-If we get a signal and we are riding it there is VERY strong resistance at the 88.50 level

Final note:  Because we are so close to the 1.000 level on the CAD  I would look at this one first.  Have a good weekend

PPS:  If anyone notice other charts or different analysis post it.  Adios!

--- 帖子 #1297 ---
I dont want to tell people how to suck eggs but I dont think it would hurt you guys to scroll out a little further on your higher time frame charts. I trade major lines also and this one was a no brainer. Correct me if I am wrong but none of you guys seem to have it.

--- 帖子 #1298 ---
NoMask (and other readers) - I've just started reading your thread with great interest.  I do have two questions if I may regarding this method.  I apologize in advance if this has already been discussed. First, the use of Murray Math lines in charting - do they have any value in combination with the major lines?  Second, the use of Heikin Ashi candles.  I know these candles are an average of the average so to speak, but on the back side, could they possibly be used to allow you to get the most out of each move before exhaustion.  Your opinion, kind sir.

--- 帖子 #1299 ---
EU: Entered long at after a nice volatile move north. Not sure that it will hold without filling 1.40 orders first... anyway, it's a free ride as I am currently @+40 pips and SL=BE.

Market will tell

--- 帖子 #1300 ---
Had a nice opportunity to stack on NZDUSD which seems to continue its bullish move away from 0.80.

UPDATE: This one died @ BE. First lot still alive.

--- 帖子 #1301 ---
hello guys..sorry for not posting as often as before these days..I'm on a tight schedule again but able to catch this sweet setup and i wanted to quick post my charts so you guys can see when i pull the trigger...Probably there were more setups last two days but not enough time for me to check my charts..

--- 帖子 #1302 ---
I haven't taken any eu trades for such a long time.I tried to go long when it tested the 1.4 level but had no opportunity to establish any position.As I said before there have been better looking pairs than eu to trade lately.

--- 帖子 #1303 ---
so that makes if you'd had short trades on that weekly setup you should keep them on at the break even, even if you entering long based on the recent setup.Some will die while others probably running for 1000 pips

--- 帖子 #1304 ---
If the close was higher than the open which makes it a green candle,I would've totally taken it as a bullish setup but at that time it seemed a neutral bar the kind that I hate

--- 帖子 #1305 ---
good thing you have it

but it doesn't explain the fact why price tested that line three times or why it just did not continue moving up right after its initial test.

or did it really come back to test the trend line or 1.4 major level?...

its all based on personal interpretation..and all good as long as it makes you money

--- 帖子 #1306 ---
I think I tried almost every single method/system and indicator available in forexfactory or in some other webpages in my trading journey.

Then I came to a point that there is no need for any indicator.if you think thousand pips too far for you then get your first position at 500 pips and leave the second one for something bigger..You'll get to know better as you experience on the method you use..

p.s:my gj trade with great start died at b.e

--- 帖子 #1307 ---
congratz on that my friend..very good job..this thing should have no trouble to move up.

--- 帖子 #1308 ---
I'm learning from the best!

Still lot of ground to cover, namely on acquiring the right mindset, but I am now overtrading less and less!... and watching the thing go your way almost at each entry is a real boost at one's confidence!

Thanks to you, Nomask!

--- 帖子 #1309 ---
Looks like it wants to touch 130 again before bears take over...

--- 帖子 #1310 ---
"The big money was not made in the buy or sell but in the waiting!" - Jesse Livermore

--- 帖子 #1311 ---
well said..

by the way good news for you tradista.

--- 帖子 #1312 ---
recent breakout on nzdusd just gave me a long entry

--- 帖子 #1313 ---
repeating my ultimate goal.

--- 帖子 #1314 ---
Indeed, my friend... currently @ +150 pips on NU

--- 帖子 #1315 ---
Just entered long EG on the breakout heading 0.90.

--- 帖子 #1316 ---
here is even better picture of the last trade

--- 帖子 #1317 ---
I've joined you tradista and Nomask! Hopefully all of our positions survive.

--- 帖子 #1318 ---
Let's enjoy the nice ride towards (at least) 0.85

--- 帖子 #1319 ---
FOMC announcement brought it all back down!

First NU position still alive at +75 pips though.

--- 帖子 #1320 ---
I've been aboard the long Kiwi bus, too! +21 pips from my BE at the moment. *crosses fingers because it looks like it's going to be a bumpy ride*

--- 帖子 #1321 ---
I'm with you on the bumpy ride

--- 帖子 #1322 ---
When I establish a free-ride trade,first thing I do is trying to forget that trade for at least a week while I start looking for new setups.

Because if you build such position ,your mission is completed until it grows something big like 500,1000,2000 pips etc..

--- 帖子 #1323 ---
kiwi had some trouble to move up but just gave me another long opportunity to enter..

--- 帖子 #1324 ---
this long position ended with small loss but still acting funny

--- 帖子 #1325 ---
u r great no mask , keep posting

--- 帖子 #1326 ---
hello dear nomask, please look at this link and what is your opinion that system? thanks!
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=291594

--- 帖子 #1327 ---
This is a great thread, I like the method and your simple, easy to understand approach to trading. I am looking for good signal candles for next week, GBPJPY and EURCHF short bias will be watching these pairs for opportunities to sell.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Anyone looking for opportunities to open new positions next week on other pairs?

--- 帖子 #1328 ---
All markets acting very choppy. All my positions closed as I can't quite see clearly with all this mess going on!

I guess it is better to hold on for a while.

Nomask, what would be your recommendation?

--- 帖子 #1329 ---
Looking at a chart one way, it seems difficult to trade down to 1.20.

Yet look at it With Graeme's 00 method and it is a lot easier.

--- 帖子 #1330 ---
Hello Nomask

Please will you pass your comments on GBPUSD this week if you are trading short.

thanks

Frank

--- 帖子 #1331 ---
Anyone see any good pairs to watch for this week? I'm having some trouble finding something good this time around...

--- 帖子 #1332 ---
I'm looking at gbpusd.  For P.A. it's a double bottom...significant support area...so that is  a concern to break thru, but it is a bold bearish candle and it crossed and closed below 1.6 on the weekly. I can see it going either way but will see what developes on the 4hr next...

--- 帖子 #1333 ---
On the 4hr, I have marked 2 prior areas of support that line up with the 38% fib...good confluence for support turning into resistance to strengthen our short hindsight bias. That is the area I'll be watching for a setup candle to move down to the 5min chart should price pull up into that area (between 1.6050-1.6100).  Otherwise, will be open to other possibilites that develope instead...

--- 帖子 #1334 ---
todays pivot is at 1.59850 very close to your area you mentioned, could make for a very interesting price action and a short oppertunity

--- 帖子 #1335 ---
Although all my hindsight came true,i didn't get any position survived.Most died at b.e and a few small losses i had.That just happens from time to time.Nothing you can do.wash rinse and repeat all we can do and learn from our mistakes if any made within this period.

--- 帖子 #1336 ---
zero net loss trading?

not sure if it sounds realistic.no such thing in ff like "zero loss" imho..and at the first glance it seemed one of those martingaleish systems which can be a total disaster for a trader.But had not enough time to analyse that system.don't want to be unfair.

--- 帖子 #1337 ---
thank you guys..I'll be posting my charts soon

--- 帖子 #1338 ---
This is one of the charts that I'm just about to post..but for a quick response..I'm biased short on this pair.

--- 帖子 #1339 ---
Charts attached..in order from most favourite to least..

--- 帖子 #1340 ---
for the time being,first two of the above charts looking good in terms of a bearish setup on 4hr.We'll find out in 20 mins if that is the case

--- 帖子 #1341 ---
I am watching GBPUSD, GBPJPY to short as well but my 4hr candles do not close for another 2hr 20mins.

--- 帖子 #1342 ---
posted in wrong thread whoops, edited, sorry

--- 帖子 #1343 ---
these two pairs didn't end up as good as before..will come back and check the present 4hr candles as they are finished.

--- 帖子 #1344 ---
no big deal..You should be trading based on your own data feed and timezone.They all work the same at the end.

--- 帖子 #1345 ---
Out of the method/context but may be useful. Interesting formations on USD Index Daily TF.... Tripple Top or Higher lows/ triangle formation?

--- 帖子 #1346 ---
Good looking setup on gj but waiting for the right moment only if it really wants to move down.

--- 帖子 #1347 ---
being patient is always a good thing..

--- 帖子 #1348 ---
to use a cricket phrase- `well left` !

(on the GBP/JPY short)

--- 帖子 #1349 ---
just took a short on gj..struggling big time but its a real low risk entry so i don't mind if it doesn't work out

--- 帖子 #1350 ---
Weekly close below 1.20

Engulfing bar on 4H at 38.2% retracement level of weekly.

Pin bar on 5 min at 38.2% retracement level of 4H.

Moved to Break even.

--- 帖子 #1351 ---
Great entry

--- 帖子 #1352 ---
EURGBP pair is at round number 0.9000...interesting point. Please post your observations....thanks

--- 帖子 #1353 ---
just watching it for now.

--- 帖子 #1354 ---
Thanks for the reply Nomask...even me too waiting for the close of weekly candle.

--- 帖子 #1355 ---
My broker doesn't have this pair but good catch and very good entry you got there although it stopped you out at b.e..

But this is totally what I've been doing and what i think people should be doing.

--- 帖子 #1356 ---
Thanks Cfabian and Nomask.

Yes, died at BE but still good feeling though when cost is minimized.

--- 帖子 #1357 ---
your trading system is great

i use a trading system very similar to it to it

--- 帖子 #1358 ---
Entered long yesterday on EU. Position survived today's mess only because I kept it a BE without trailing!!  Currently @ + 103 pips!

--- 帖子 #1359 ---
Waiting on GBPUSD all week

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Signal candle near the 50 fibo

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Two entrys on 5 min chart

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Both set to BE, love this method.

--- 帖子 #1360 ---
Super entry boss....congrats & best of luck!

--- 帖子 #1361 ---
Congratulation,

this is book setup. Unfortunatelly I didn't catch it, will wait for retracement on next 4H candle.

Green pips buddy

--- 帖子 #1362 ---
Through my trading career, I have created formulas, invented algorithms, bent lines, designed the most sophisticated of indicators, developed EAs, utilized robots, and mixed a plethora of strategies and methodologies. After 20,000+ hours of trading, I have come to realize, as many of you have, that the method presented within this thread combined with Graeme's teachings, is indeed "the answer".

--- 帖子 #1363 ---
Another chance to add a short

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

5 min chart entry

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Waiting to move to BE

--- 帖子 #1364 ---
Congrats!! I would say excellent timing!

--- 帖子 #1365 ---
So we finally got the signal we've all been waiting for to short GU.  It even made approx a 100 move, with retrace price action to add another position. Then it retraced right back and stopped us out at BE...well at least for me anyways.

I find that rather depressing so I've decided that instead of adding new positions, I am closing out partial positions so I gain "something" when this happens...and  that feels good

--- 帖子 #1366 ---
Sure it may feel good now but what happens when you cash out half your position for 100 pips and then the other half for 1000. You just missed out on 900 pips...

--- 帖子 #1367 ---
The first two positions are still hanging in but it came real close within 5 pips of one of them, third one died out at BE.

--- 帖子 #1368 ---
My feeling is that GU is not ready to take a direction yet. It seems like it's floating around 1.6. I'd say fundamentals are holding the pound from going down.

--- 帖子 #1369 ---
Should we have to analyse, how many of our good entries that fetched 100-400 pips after entry but died at BE while waiting for 500-1000 pips? If the number is over say 5-10 trades in a 2-3 months period...how should we consider it?.... thanks in advance for your valuable replies/suggestions

--- 帖子 #1370 ---
Ibrahim,

If your system is similar to this, can you elaborate on it?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #1371 ---
Ava,

Although I haven't been able to catch any of those, I believe that being able to realize 200 pips per trade or say per week and compound is something that may best suit my style. In effect chances to get 1000 pips in a shot require lots of time, patience, discipline, and many more attributes that are build over time and experience. Just my insight.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1372 ---
No use cryin over what we missed out on and that includes signals too which does happen. Actually if it does go on for another 900 pips then I'll still effectively gain 450 pips of it (losing 450 not 900pips )...and I can live with that very comfortably

--- 帖子 #1373 ---
hi everyone..another entry i took on cable..managed to move it to b.e for now..charts on the way

--- 帖子 #1374 ---
charts

--- 帖子 #1375 ---
I do feel things about directions/timing too.However i trade against my feelings deliberately if my technical analysis says other way around.

Because like most of you already know as a trader I just have to do that..

If  i let my feelings effect my trading decision once then it will most likely take over all my trading skills by feeding me with greed,fear etc..

--- 帖子 #1376 ---
What used sl? thanks

--- 帖子 #1377 ---
Thanks for the wise words, Nomask. You're absolutely right about not letting the feelings interfere with what the charts are saying. I had indeed a winning position on EU that I deliberately closed this week based on fear (news, announcements, etc) with 150 pips profit. Later on, the bulls continued their march towards +300 pips.

--- 帖子 #1378 ---
This is a good point. Let's discuss this? I've had at least 4 positions die after reaching 200+ pips since April.

--- 帖子 #1379 ---
AUDUSD, NZDUSD, and EURGBP all look good to me next week for longs. I will also be fishing around 1.44 on EURUSD.

--- 帖子 #1380 ---
I will be looking for longs on NZDUSD, EURGBP, AUDUSD as well. If oportunity for AUDUSD long happens then 1.10 is not far away (250ish pips) and would be keeping a watchfull eye on that level to cash in pips if it looks it may turn around at that level.

EURCHF looking for long oportunitys next week

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

GBPAUD for short

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

AUDNZD it did close above 1.3 so long bias next week

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

USDCAD for short

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

AUDSGD for long

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1381 ---
smaller the profit you take greater the win/loss ratio you get but worse reward/risk ratio then the trades with greater profits.In the long run its always better to target something big like 1000 pips..

--- 帖子 #1382 ---
very good charts..

--- 帖子 #1383 ---
Although I'm not following these pairs, I agree on all but AUDNZD.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1384 ---
Yesterday was a slow day, US bank holiday. I was able to find two entrys on EURGBP, one of them survived the other died at BE. AUDNZD has gone past the 62 fibo line so I will wait for next week and a new candle.

This was my signal candle on 4hr charts from yesterday

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

And my entry on 5 min charts

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1385 ---
Hi Nomask & Friends

EURGBP has gone above 0.9000 and fell back below it....so as per our methods how should we trade this pair? Since it is failing at 0.9000 should we target 0.8000 or should we target 1.0000? Thanks in advance.

--- 帖子 #1386 ---
Very interesting trading system pure & simple as I like it,thanks for sharing!

--- 帖子 #1387 ---
I am still new to this method but I think I can help you with your question.

We get our bias from last weeks weekly candle and we do not change our bias untill we get a new weekly candle.

So last week big bull candle passing through and closing above .9 major line. My bias is to go long and I will only be looking for oportunitys to go long this week.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I placed my fibo on last weeks candle and moved down to 4hr charts. The zone I have painted yellow (38-62 fibo levels) is where I am waiting and watching for price action to tell me it is time to go long. I normaly only go for engulfing or a pinbar formations.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

So even though this pair has crossed below the .9 major line it has not gone past the 62% fibo level and we can still be waiting and watching for oportunitys to buy.

Bias is decided at the start of the week and we do not change our bias durring the week. I hope this was helpful.

--- 帖子 #1388 ---
I got your point, thanks.

--- 帖子 #1389 ---
Nomask,

Thanks for sharing this strategy in such clear detailed manner. I'm new to this method though I'm also a firm believer in KISS for trading.

Not sure if this question has been asked b4. If there are important news (those coded red in forex factory ) affecting traded pair in next 4 hr bar right upon entry, will u still take it for this strategy?

Thank you. Much to learn from you and the rest of the traders here.

--- 帖子 #1390 ---
...start looking for long...

--- 帖子 #1391 ---
hi, i'm a new member in fx and ff, i'm trying to find a good way to trade and i found this topic, thnks so much. and because of i'm a new one, i hope that can learn from you, so i will try to post chart ( as i understand ) and if there's anything wrong, pls fix it for me and tell me . and sorry because of my bad E.

This is my first case, Eu

as i see in w1 eu nearly reach to 1.5 and then fall down to 1.4, and last week it bounce to 1.45 , and i dont know in this case will we think it will go down or up continue?
http://www.flickr.com/photos/26829061@N07/5911241311/

and if we think it will down, we have to wait untill close this week, right?

and if we looking for long, will we long at that time, at h4 is fib 61.8 of last week

http://www.flickr.com/photos/26829061@N07/5911241315/

and this is m5

http://www.flickr.com/photos/26829061@N07/5911241317/

--- 帖子 #1392 ---
I entered this trade twice at 1.4283 & 1.4292....once died at BE second attempt in profit with BE placed....Thanks Nomask & other friends

--- 帖子 #1393 ---
hi all this is my firs post on this thread

i am not agree you

All PA 4h (hammer HMR/ bullish engulging L_E) haven't had confirm at 5tfPA

Infact now the price is bearish.

I remember witch we want take an long position strong.

If we loook other pair with eur all have made the same movement and all fail thePA5tf (eur/chf eur/jpy)

if you entered and after take profit..you made only scalping...but this dont is ours targt

--- 帖子 #1394 ---
yes,i agree with you,i cant find a good looking entry because of the PA on 5M,up and down between 50&68 fib,but i think we will get a chance

--- 帖子 #1395 ---
there were many pairs made a good setup and gave good opportunities in the last couple of hours but i could only catch one of them because of my busy day here..Its just a matter of patience..

If you are more patient than the market itself then you can make money in this business..

no such thing you have to make same amount of pips or certain percent every month..

There is no such deal.Some months you double your account but some you get nothing..

--- 帖子 #1396 ---
for the above entry here is the 4hr chart..

I was little late in 5min entry but it worked.

--- 帖子 #1397 ---
Great thread Nomask, Really appreciate that you shared your ideas with us

--- 帖子 #1398 ---
hello, pls introduce me how to post chart photo to my post in this forum?

--- 帖子 #1399 ---
I get cautious when my entry is close to the major release.not the direction worries me but the price fluctuations.

If i believe there is a low risk entry i take it most of the time.

But i don't remember taking any trades 5 min before something like nfp..

I check news schedule just to be prepared for sudden spikes since i deal with very small stops.

--- 帖子 #1400 ---
I think that the latest eu entry i just took answers your question

--- 帖子 #1401 ---
There were lots of opportunities today!

I made 6 trades in total on EURUSD, EURCHF and CADCHF. Most of my trades closed at break even or with a smal loss but at the moment I have one trade still open in CADCHF which is currently in 112 pips profit.

Allow me to show the screenshots and notes I made at the time of entry.

Monthly Hindsight (From the start of the week)

http://i.imgur.com/yVVCK.png

H4

http://i.imgur.com/PFnfP.png

M5

http://i.imgur.com/OPSCK.png

I'm hopeful that this trade can break last weeks high, after that we have the 0.90 level and then resistance at the 0.92 level so there is a long way to go but we shall see.

--- 帖子 #1402 ---
Greetings Nomask from Australia.

First, I would like to add my thanks to you, for sharing your simple, unique and very successful method with such clarity, honesty and openness. Your unselfishness is very admirable.

I have been silently following your posts for some time now, and have reached the stage where I wish to try to apply your method.

At present I am using a demo account with FxPro, Cyprus, whose daily bar, coincides with that of NY.

I have a few preliminary questions for you:

i) Do you consider that the time zone of a broker is of any importance to a trader wishing to use your method?

ii) What program do you use to apply the 04, 08, 12 and 16 period separators, marking the start and finish of the H4 candles on the M5 charts?

iii) What program do you use for adding comments, arrows etc to the charts you post here on FF?

Thanks again in advance,

Sincerely, Roger.

--- 帖子 #1403 ---
Thanks Nomask. Yes, its the price fluctuations that worries me too. Can you give a rough guide as to how close an important news is out b4 you avoid taking the trade? 1/2hr -1 hr?

Even if you have small stops, but when impt news are out, prices swing wildly. Will your stops be taken out as it is or you end up with bigger loss as prices moved far too quickly?

--- 帖子 #1404 ---
my learn today, UJ, if anything wrong, pls tell me, thnks

http://www.flickr.com/photos/26829061@N07/5914680068/

http://www.flickr.com/photos/26829061@N07/5914680068/

UJ pass 80 and it become a support, and have a trendline at 81, and this week this trendline break, so i hope it will up to 85

and at 4h time, i  miss the long position at 50 fib

http://www.flickr.com/photos/26829061@N07/5914680070/

http://www.flickr.com/photos/26829061@N07/5914680070/

and uj have 4h another up strong pass 81 againn so this morning i think i find the long possition arount 4 4h candle sideway near the top

http://www.flickr.com/photos/26829061@N07/5914680072/

http://www.flickr.com/photos/26829061@N07/5914680072/

--- 帖子 #1405 ---
UJ

">http://[URL="http://www.flickr.com/photos/26829061@N07/5914680068/"]http://farm7.static.flickr.com/6023/...0c9643bcd7.jpg[/url]

">http://[URL="http://www.flickr.com/photos/26829061@N07/5914680070/"]http://farm7.static.flickr.com/6013/...6aec0c471c.jpg[/url]

">http://[URL="http://www.flickr.com/photos/26829061@N07/5914680072/"]http://farm7.static.flickr.com/6025/...32efca4953.jpg[/url]

--- 帖子 #1406 ---
Hi Roger..thanks for your thoughts.

1.there is no significance of timezone in terms of catching setups.At the end they all work the same.Some weeks you get signals earlier than me some I get earlier.But the pairs that I mainly follow make their move during the eu session.For family reasons ,I stay in Canada couple weeks every year and that's the time I can't trade because of the time difference.

But as i said before it doesn't make difference if we're talking about couple hours difference between brokers that can cause different candle shapes

2.One of the fellows here posted it and should be here in the thread xi-vlines

3.I used to use snapshot (more advanced) but now its a free and simple program called jing from techsmith

--- 帖子 #1407 ---
for that reason %90 of my trades i use visual stop which is trading with no stop loss but monitoring it until i can safely move it to b.e...If it breaches my visual stop level then i close it manually.

That doesn't happen a lot to me.I remember maybe couple times I had to make a choice about taking trades around major news but I did take trades 10 mins before the news.Its more up to the setup itself.If its not worthy then I don't bother myself

--- 帖子 #1408 ---
my hindsight about this pair is up too even though this contradicts with my latest long trade of eu..Only scenario that I'd consider taking long on this pair is that it comes back and tests 81.15ish level with a good bullish price action.

One more side note,

if the pair you want to trade already made its move and the week is about to finish I get extra picky to enter a new position

Because short term traders (like daytraders or intraweek traders)close their positions causing some pullback which is not good for new positions close to the end of the week.

--- 帖子 #1409 ---
thnks so much

--- 帖子 #1410 ---
EJ

w1 for long

http://farm6.static.flickr.com/5156/...c5f6190e54.jpg

and miss at 4h

http://farm6.static.flickr.com/5111/...71c03661b5.jpg

so wait long at m15

http://farm6.static.flickr.com/5275/...def40b680b.jpg

--- 帖子 #1411 ---
Thanks Nomask for your earlier reply.

I'm currently reading the old pages in this thread to learn and I have a question abt this trade u posted (Post #384 at page 26) Hope u don't mind me digging old stuff to clarify... In this trade, since u expected a gap fill, why not target and close your trade when the gap filled? Also since u expected position to be stopped out at b/e when it close back above lower line, why not close the trade earlier to lock in some profits?

--- 帖子 #1412 ---
in fact the EJ was failed, it down so much at Friday with NF. Seem we have to wait untill have signal at h4 ( pinbar or outside bar ), and then when it is clearly change to m5 .

--- 帖子 #1413 ---
Today EU finally reached 1.4... hopefully we'll see some bull action anytime soon, so that we can jump onboard the long term trend!

--- 帖子 #1414 ---
Don't think so. All the economic turmoil in europe is strengthening the USD. My perception is that it will close bearish strongly. Besides, price has been exhausting the long side, rangind a lot in higher TF.

Well, that's just how I see things.

Let's see. Best

--- 帖子 #1415 ---
Long AUDUSD. Please let this one be the one!

Update: Taken out at B/E.

--- 帖子 #1416 ---
Hi folks,

Sorry, a bit off topic here, but can anyone share the template for drawing major (and median) lines in MT4? Am also looking for template drawing fibs with the accompanying price level. Thanks alot!

Its kind of quiet here lately...

--- 帖子 #1417 ---
i set go long aud, aj and ej cause it touch major line ( or median line )

http://farm7.static.flickr.com/6144/...ba6782d7d7.jpg

seems i set stoploss so short?

http://farm7.static.flickr.com/6012/...4cc0db5b36.jpg"
http://farm7.static.flickr.com/6134/...5070760c88.jpg"
http://farm7.static.flickr.com/6005/...c0163c79f2.jpg
http://farm7.static.flickr.com/6127/...e14a2de165.jpg

--- 帖子 #1418 ---
I do not trade these pairs but after i saw the charts below and how many pips they would have yielded, i will start paying attention to them off the weekly only.  I do not mind making 1000pips in two days, do u?

GBPJPY Pair has nice Support Area  130.00 that was broken and re-tested as Resistance with good price action of Inside Bar Fakey, if one target the 125.00, then that would have been a cool 500pips in two days ----

EURJPY Pair abit choppy but gave same result as GBPJPY, entry at 115.00 on the 2-Weekly Pin Bars to the down-side with target of 110.00 .. see charts .. cheers all ...

--- 帖子 #1419 ---
I've been having a debate with myself the last couple weeks between staying with New York time or switching to London time. I know you've said Nomask that it doesn't matter overall but I just can't seem to convince myself of that. I think its a fact that the most likely positions to survive are opened at the beginning of whatever time frame you are looking at (beginning of week/day/4 hour bar). Unfortunately for U.S. traders this means very early mornings. So my logic to picking to display my bars in the London time zone is that more eyes are watching in that time zone with many Americans are still asleep (I'll be awake). I just feel as my entries (even if they get to B/E) are going to die on retraces simply because of the time of day of which I am entering. This last trade I took on AUDUSD is really bugging me because I was taken out on simple sideways action. Had I been on London time I would have gotten in earlier and still be alive in the trade today. I know one trade can't influence my decisions but I've seen this happen time and time again. I'm not sure if I've been clear enough in this post so sorry if I caused any confusion.

I'd appreciate it if someone who uses London time could post their 4 hour EURUSD so I can compare.

--- 帖子 #1420 ---
hi nomask

i show you this pair eur/gbp and eur/chf

this pair show an bersish engulfing pattern next candle close bur the price dont retrace this week

the price go down the open weekly line and its too far for retrace i think.

i think which if the weekly open price dont retrace at the weekly open line ew must take the place (short here).

if we dont make so the position is lost

what do you mean?

thank

--- 帖子 #1421 ---
Hi Zusch, attached is my 4hr chart for EURUSD toaday. However I did not enter by using a fibo on that 4hr candle, I entered in the same way but by placing a fibo on a 1 hr candle.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In reguards to trading the London session rather then the NY, I live in Ireland so I look for entrys on both. I find the entrys I place early in the day and then move to BE have a much beter chance of surviving the day or days. In fact I have recently started waking up earlyer and looking for entries two hours prior to the London open.

There are only two threads I have found worth reading, this one and Building a equity millipede. The combination of these two threads has made all the diffrence for me. Somewhere within the first 21 pages he talks about placing orders at the start of Aussie open-long term trades- and why they have the best chance of surviving when position trading.

--- 帖子 #1422 ---
Thanks Vaydon for posting your chart..mine matches exactly. I have also read PipEasy's thread so thats where I think I read it first then I read the same thing in Peter Crown's DIBS thread. I may start using some inside bar stuff in a SIM and see how it fits in with Nomask's method. Hopefully I'll catch a big trend soon as my entries have really become solid and I feel confident whenever I place a trade. Just a matter of patience I guess.

--- 帖子 #1423 ---
Hi Nomask,

Haven't heard from u for long time, hope u r still around here this thread. I've spent the last wk or so reading the entire thread and wld really want to thank u from the bottom of my heart for your sharing. I'm sure many of us learnt alot from u. Hope u can keep this thread going.

One question which I think has not been addressed here is how do u deal with correlated currencies? E.g u see good entries to go long for both EUR/JPY and GPB/JPY at abt the same time, would u do so even though both EUR and GPB tends to go in same direction, hence that wld be added risk? Thks again!

--- 帖子 #1424 ---
Nomask, take any trades this week?

--- 帖子 #1425 ---
wats goin on u guys... no body is posting any more on da thread ????

--- 帖子 #1426 ---
Couldn't believe my eyes when EU when down to 1.385 the next day, July 12 !!

Aargh... what killed me the most that was locked in meetings all day long at work while this was happening... Lost this major move !!... and today, it reached almost 1.445 !!  That would have been around 550 pips in 2 weeks!

--- 帖子 #1427 ---
well i guess it's pretty normal.. most major's in ranging mode and there's lack of clear direction or strong momentum.

--- 帖子 #1428 ---
Moved GbpUsd long to BE

--- 帖子 #1429 ---
AUDUSD looks to be closing above 1.1

USDCHF looks to be closing below 0.8

Any trading thoughts on them?

--- 帖子 #1430 ---
USDCHF very interesting to me. Looking to aggressively sell. Missed possibly an opportunity just a few minutes ago. I've began to like trading from the Asia open to London open. Produces most likely to survive positions I'm thinking.

--- 帖子 #1431 ---
i think if there is an opportunity...it will retarace at at 50% fib confluence

--- 帖子 #1432 ---
Today I took near 1.10 EC retest of 1.08.

Currently +150 pips and BE+100

has anyone taken this one?

--- 帖子 #1433 ---
Unfortunately not me-- nicely done mate!

--- 帖子 #1434 ---
Hi Nomask! Thanks for sharing info.

Sorry for my English - I know it very bad. So, your method is very interesting and I have many questions for you and other guys, ho understand how to trade with it.

1) We always open position in the way of Weekly bar (if bullish we long, if  bearish we short)?

2) If the prise (on Weekly) is not near major lines, we just waiting?? For example EU chart:
http://savepic.net/1779176m.gif

3) If weekly candle closed not near the major lines, then we can trade in both ways? How to choose right direction (sell, buy) when the price jumping between major lines? Because if I want to open position near the round number (1.5000 - example), I must to wait so many days (it can be 3-4 weeks or even more).

I undersatnd that we can use P.A. not only in Weekly, but on Daily and other TF's. Weekly - is our compass and we can swim on the waves when we exactly know the direction of price movement.

The most beautiful thing in your method is the risk! You open your position only with 5-10 pips risk and your minimum goal is a few hundred pips! That's what all of us want to apply in our trade way! But how to realize it?

--- 帖子 #1435 ---
Thanks Gssintokyo. Hope you made some nice pips too this week. Wish all an excellent weekend!

--- 帖子 #1436 ---
any good setup ?

--- 帖子 #1437 ---
Just took a 700 pip winner on USDCHF...then it fell another 200 pips! Absolute crazy last couple weeks. I must say it feels good to finally get some momentum behind a trade. Thanks again Nomask for sharing your strategy as I am finally feeling comfortable. Next time I'll hang on for the full 1000.

--- 帖子 #1438 ---
where is no mask ??? we r missing his posts .any idea where he is hiding...

--- 帖子 #1439 ---
Killer trade... congratulations, Zusch!

--- 帖子 #1440 ---
Congratulations !

I was reading again in this valuable thread and noticed that Nomask added further content to his first posts. Very good !

Edit : I noticed this : ( quote ) :

Move#3

When move#2 ended by a bullish engulfing bar I thought that was a continuation of the down move but this time price was just testing %50 level of the move#3 with a pinbar.

( End quote )

I might be totally wrong, but shouldn`t it be : when move #2 ended with a bearish engulfing bar.........etc.......was just testing %50 level of the move #2 with a pinbar.

Please feel free to delete my post if I am wrong.....

But anyway, great thread and I hope everyone benefits.

______________

michael

--- 帖子 #1441 ---
hello everyone!

I just went through nomask's thread from page 1 till the end.

with this method I have taken 3 trades for Usd/Cad

feel free to comment

--- 帖子 #1442 ---
Thanks guys.

Back in USDCHF momentarily. Not thrilled with how that candle finished but will hold on.

Edit: Out with minimal loss.

--- 帖子 #1443 ---
CHF pairs are looking very interesting this week. Should be another volatile week and I'm prepared to trade both ways hopefully to catch the start of a big up trend, but CHF def has the room to appreciate more.

--- 帖子 #1444 ---
I've read the first few hundred posts of this, and I am still confused about the timeframes being traded.

It seems like it's the weekly, but that the 4h is being analyzed, and all entries are conducted in regards the 5m. Then I hear of four signals a day sometimes lol, which really wouldn't happen trading the 4h or weekly.

Now, really being able to make a 1000 pips trading the weekly off the 5m implies one has hit that one 5m occurrence that starts a new trend. How does this method pinpoint that perfect of an entry?

This leads me to suggest something similar to my method of trading higher timeframes by waiting for divergence to occur on a timeframe 4-6x smaller. So wait for a divergence to occur on the daily if trading the weekly, on the 4h if trading the daily, etc. This is the best method I've found to pinpoint entries.

I'm also confused about the "major lines", and how they are arrived at. Thanks for any clarification.

--- 帖子 #1445 ---
[quote=Fx93;4868025]I've read the first few hundred posts of this, and I am still confused about the timeframes being traded.

you have a motive of promoting your own trades and methods.

If not then re-read the thread untill you understand.

This is one of the clearest and easiest threads, to read, don't be Lazy, read all of Nomask's posts.

Have you done any research on your own for Major lines.

No one here is going to trade for you, you need to do that and hopefully you do the work before you do.

Good Luck.

--- 帖子 #1446 ---
Lol, thanks for the explanation...so helpful.

--- 帖子 #1447 ---
by reading your trading journey . i can read the story of ur life by looking @ ur messy charts.,,,, just woundering how u didnt understand this thread,,,,??? did u read it seriously? i bet not ciao ciao bello

--- 帖子 #1448 ---
If the attitudes displayed by the recent thread participants is any indication of the viability of the underlying method...I would look elsewhere, and will.

--- 帖子 #1449 ---
Well to be honest when I read your post, "I'm also confused about the "major lines", and how they are arrived at. Thanks for any clarification." my first reaction was that you indeed did not read the thread because that is the main fundamental idea Nomask has taught us. You have asked some of the most basic questions so like Red-Dragon said you may want to go back and re-read the thread so you can properly understand.

--- 帖子 #1450 ---
how about AUD, i see opportunity enter long this week, cause have a pinbar last week at 1.0

--- 帖子 #1451 ---
Zora,

NZDUSD setup looks similar to AUDUSD. Also wkly pinbar at round no. 0.8. Did u get a chance to enter AUDUSD? When I look back at AUDUSD chart, if there is any entry on M5, its probably a breakout type of entry but would be stopped out if I'm not wrong.

--- 帖子 #1452 ---
cause i wait for a good position to enter long near the trendline , but it up without down back so i miss it

--- 帖子 #1453 ---
Good example that good trades can happen at any time of the day.

--- 帖子 #1454 ---
heyy guys have any one made a PDF document about nomask's posts ?

--- 帖子 #1455 ---
Yes some one made it
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...12#post4517712

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...22#post4517722

--- 帖子 #1456 ---
hello guys...  i know it has turned into a usual ritual that everybody starts the posts by telling how thankful they feel against nomask.I dont enjoy being  "ordinary" but i also feel thankful to nomask for this wonderful approach whcih turns the dangerous forex atmosphere into a river where u can fish ...(in short : thank you nomask)      i have read almst the whole thread but still have problems about identifying the entry signals on lower timeframes (4H and 5M charts) ...there are three possible fibo levels as i read where the expeced pin bar shud be located (0,382 - 0,50 - 0,618 ) ...is it right up to now? and wat if the price is ranging and there are lots of pin bars ? should we try every chance?   I know that there is something i didnt understand clearly in this system..and it is the part right after going to lower time frames...  For example..now i am focusing on USDCHF pair which is veeeery close to the major line 0,8 and the price have been ranging there for  almost 2 weeks,and the trendlines (if u draw them) easily show that there might happen a reversal.The previous week candle seems to be a pin bar showing downwards direction...and when i put fibo on that candle....the problem starts here..i dont know wat to do     is it possible for anyone to explain the situation to me?     regards...again thank you for this great and essential thread...

--- 帖子 #1457 ---
My short usdchf orders were stopped..and the weekly candle just passed above the 0.8 major line...if the candle ends somewhere above the major line then it will be a wonderful setup candle for us for the next week...Am i true up to now?

--- 帖子 #1458 ---
I've been watching USDCHF closely too and I have no idea where price will go. I actually tried trading both directions this week but wasn't having any success so I just stopped watching. I'm extremely unsure of where we are going next so I simply don't trade. This is looking like a good close to go long next week but don't get caught up too much as we could easily be range bound for a couple more weeks. I will only be taking the very best long setups but otherwise I will be trading as little as possible.

As Graeme would say, "You can never be too late in Forex, but you can be too early." Should USDCHF head to the upside the next couple months, there will be a lot of chances to get in, but there is no sense in trading a market that could be entering a ranging phase.

--- 帖子 #1459 ---
in fact i use point and figures and there was a strong resistance right belove the major line(talking about USDCHF)..and i made all my preperations in accordance to a downwards movement..and didnt even locate a BUY STOP order..because i was sure that the trend was downwards.  there is something i want to ask : if u look at the candle 2011/08/07 (weekly USDCHF candle) it is a pinbar...and should it be identified as a setup candle for upwards movement (according to nomask's method ) ? I mean should we evaluate it as the beginning of a giant upwards movement?  on the other hand when we look at the volumes of the weekly candles...all the increasing volumes happened on "up" bars..I think this is also a clue that the big sharks  (professionals) have been making a pressure towards upside for a long time...and maybe we are right in the beginning...and most important of all this week candle ended above the major line...And it might be really good if we have a 4H pinbar next week...  (and here my problem starts : its really difficult for me to find the relieble best 5M pinbar right after the 4H pinbar phase...i read and read the first posts...and still have some points which i cannot understand 100% and cannot apply in practice..hope i will overcome  it with experience...  and next week AUDJPY , GBPCHF , EURJPY , USDCHF , and maybe USDCAD (i just closed my order with 70 pips profit because the market moved so fast and i wanted to be sure of my profit..and now i feel regretful)...  plz share ur ideas with me about the pairs i mentioned above...i just want to "understand" this method...

--- 帖子 #1460 ---
Selym,

I keep re-reading the first post on this thread.  Nomask makes a few key points about the "approach" (its not really a system in my opinion) that he uses.

1. He only trades EUR/USD.  Focusing on one pair makes it easier to concentrate.  I've chosen to look at a few others, but nothing exotic.

2. We look to enter with very tight stops, so that if we are right we are highly rewarded, and if not we lose a very small amount.  10 pips is the most he would ever risk.

3. Nomask uses the 5 minute charts for entry, but did say that you could use 15 minute charts as well.  The key is to see a move through a major line on the weekly, then look for P/A with fibs on 4HR, and then look for a smaller "entry" timeframe to hit a fib from the 4HR.  Really, you could enter just based on the 4HR P/A if you know how to properly use fib levels.

I was also trying to buy CHF after the move through .8000.  I was stopped out for a loss of 10 pips, not a problem.  This tells us that CHF hasn't decided whether to keep its major bear trend, or whether it is ready to reverse and start climbing above .8000.  But once it makes its mind up, it will be ready to go to .70 or to .90.  In the mean time, I've been doing well with EUR shorting it from 1.45, with the target of it going to 1.4000.

I'm just a newbie with regard to this trading approach, but I have succeeded in removing all other indicators from my charts, and I believe that this has already improve my trading.

--- 帖子 #1461 ---
What's everyone looking at for the weekly?

Any charts screaming out at you?

I ask as my charting software has a temporary glitch and I can't check them myself!

--- 帖子 #1462 ---
Maybe IB on 4H...will enter at next candle...

--- 帖子 #1463 ---
1) i use nomask all more pair wich eur/usd

2) eur/chf usd/chf long again, the pair with eur make the same movement always, the differences are only on the measure of movement, infact..two week ago eur/usd and eur/jpy made an large movement short, but eur/chf made an little movement short becouse it is long again and the same usd/chf...when the eus/usd and eur/jpy made the retracemente long last week the chf pair made an little long movement but not strong becouse eur/usd eur/jpy dont show an clear movement long ..now the major usd ..show again indecision.

3) usd cad show an movement short..in the 3 pic the montly fibo (blu) show overlap with weekly fibo weekly ( red/nomask)...so that with retracement could be an strong movement short.

--- 帖子 #1464 ---
Hi NOmask,

I have taken time to read your thread and glad it is very helpful.Please i need you to help me with your round number indicator.I got my hand on some but they were not fit for higher time frame.Hope you do not mind helping.Thanks in advance.

Sincerely,

Adeshina

--- 帖子 #1465 ---
good day guys..... whats goin on on this precious thread,,,? why no body is posting any more,,,, and where is that genius no mask????

--- 帖子 #1466 ---
i teked eur/usd eur/jpy at actino price roundd number....veru difficult but i am winnr here...now i am wait the return action price in short but i have put my protection for short action price.

iam waiting the long action price usd/jpy

--- 帖子 #1467 ---
Hello everyone,

This is a really great thread and I was searching for something like this for some time.

My question is how would this work by trading the H4 candles at every .00 (hundred) pips line applying fibo, then taking an entry on the M5? This way one could stack 6-7 entries in a 1000 pips move.

Just a thought I had.

--- 帖子 #1468 ---
I just stumbled unto this thread. It looks very nice... I quickly jumped to the last page just to see it is still going, but, Its a shame that it looks like this thread has gone quiet? Perhaps, everything we need to know about it has already been posted; hence no need to add more.

At first glance it reminds me of Quarters Theory by Ilian Yotov, and I was looking to see whether someone is trading applying that theory. Then I found this and it seems to be the closest to what appears to trade around this concept.

I look forward to going over the examples, particularly the honing in on H4 and M5 for entry.

Hopefully, too there will be more posts as eur/usd is trading in an increasingly interesting area. At this rate, we'll soon, be at the bottom of that 4000 pip rance/cycle.

peace, livindaylite

--- 帖子 #1469 ---
I Googled Quarters Theory and watched a YouTube video with Ilian Yotov himself speaking about the method. I agree it is extremely similar b/c Nomask focuses on major lines/median lines which Yotov calls major quarters.

This is a wonderful thread, I'm lucky to have stumbled upon it a year or so ago and I still love to pop in time to time when I see an interesting post like yours.

--- 帖子 #1470 ---
It looks very similar .. but this theory apart from adding some  more key point in improving the method nomask? what's the difference?

I 'm trying to see if there are other points of entry to bounce and  I think I've found a very logical

bye

--- 帖子 #1471 ---
hi everyone, i have added more lines to the original template - all efforts, contributions, hard work goes to nomask and big thanks to nomask....hope everything is cool

--- 帖子 #1472 ---
I am following, just started......

Would it be better to close all trades at the end of the week? Just a thought

--- 帖子 #1473 ---
Hi! Anyone still trading this method???

--- 帖子 #1474 ---
А вот и вход по EURGBP

Сигнальный бар Н4 отмечен стрелочкой (2B + Pin Bar от BRN )
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1475 ---
Usdcad

Сигнальный бар Н4, закрытие выше 0 фибо.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

И сигнальный бар на м5, закрытие выше 0 фибо с Н4, риск 12 пунктов.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

------

Пы.Сы. на Н4 вход выгодней на 4 пункта но риск больше в два раза.

--- 帖子 #1476 ---
Wow, i feel random when i read this thread. It's actually great thread and tge strategy still profitable until now. But it's gone quite now..

--- 帖子 #1477 ---
you still trading that way ?

--- 帖子 #1478 ---
Hi any one left in this thread

I wonder why it is quite being such a wonderful strategy.

--- 帖子 #1479 ---
Thread originator left long ago.  The method takes a lot of patience to trade correctly.  Most of the people that were here when NoMask was active are long gone from the forum and from trading altogether.

--- 帖子 #1480 ---
Thank you for your reply

if you dont mind could you please tell me whether you trading this method


===== 附件下载链接 =====

major_lines.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/646990?d=1298445086
b-clock modified.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/646992?d=1298445086
RN_Trace_v1_0.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/664148?d=1300538360
Xi-VLines20v1.02 (4 hr).mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/666935?d=1300964407
Trading Major Lines part1.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/673137?d=1301797715
Trading major lines part2.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/673138?d=1301797775
Trading Major Lines part3.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/673140?d=1301798926
Trading Major Lines part4.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/673141?d=1301798966
Alerter.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/677686?d=1302465295
Alerter4U~.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/678697?d=1302596791
!Last Bar Fibo.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/715086?d=1307490027
eurusd major.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/985523?d=1340130646
