===== 帖子内容 =====

--- 帖子 #1 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

UPDATE 1/11/2015 - I have posted some updates to the current process to reflect: http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...64#post7983964

No major changes to the approach, Post #1 is still a must read. - p.s.sorry about the fonts - the editor was not playing nice! Indicators at the end of this post are still good - you can always check and see any latest versions in the paperclip

Add-Ons are very much down to personal risk tolerance and account / money management, so the basic rules will apply as to how many trades you have open and what percentage of your account is at risk.

To date I have yet to see a successful EA with supporting evidence of a trade explorer, so until that happens, I am staying with manual trading - most of the folks posting trade explorers accounts on FF run well for a while and then seem to blow up, so not sure if these are serious long term investors or just folks playing with high risk strategies - beware.

Start with reading this post and the referenced posts and you should be on the right track.

Following on from the outstanding success of Eelfranz - Big E's Trading Made Simple forum, and X-Man's Super Simple System - several traders have requested a new thread be set up for TMS trading with Day Charts only.

I do update this post with general rules and tweaks as I see them for the day charts and will also bring in comments from other members. I'll check in from time to time and post training charts and trade summaries and I will nuke non-compliant posts - my privilege – I started the thread . I will also add any new insights / clarifications / techniques in this post as well as references to applicable post #s, so Post #1 may well become seriously long winded. If you want to reference a post from a member, please include the post # and member name.

Once you have read this post, read through the trading charts that run through entries and add-ons and then you can jump to Post 1081 which us where I start trading with the revisions to the template. All of the indicators that you need are in this post as attachments or are described / referenced and are part of the standard MT4 indicators, such as MA and Bill Williams.

Please take the time and effort to read this post carefully and the referenced post - take notes, read again and run backtesting and then ask questions. We all love helping newbies, but only if you put some effort into your trading. We were all newbies once.

The overriding rule is that this forum is for Day Charts only and is based upon the time trusted and proven TMS methodologies as adapted and introduced by Big E (Rest in Peace), so let’s keep to the TMS spirit and keep Big E’s memory and his dream alive. Trade set ups are welcome as well as active trades or trade summaries / rationales for entering / exiting. We also want to see the ooopsies – and the lessons learned from the pain and suffering incurred!

Disclaimer:
Any trade or analysis related comments made in this thread by myself or any other person on this thread should not be interpreted as anything other than a point of view by the respective poster and not as advice to enter or exit a trade. Individual's trading rules may be subject to interpretation. It is your responsibility as a trader to decide what information to use and what to disregard and you do so at your own risk. Use the ideas and/or modify them to suit your trading style. It is recommend that you conduct your own testing for your trading system in a demo account before investing real money. All investments are taken at each trader's responsibility. Planned risk levels may be increased dramatically under extreme market conditions.

Trade Set-ups and Commentaries:

Here's a suggestion for posting trade set-ups / commentaries from fxjourney in Post #17:

1. Entry setups and brief explanation as to why you think the setup looks good (not only technical set up reasons but also risk/reward)

2. Trade Stop Loss management

3. Effective exit strategy

My current commitments do not allow me to trade lower timeframes and I have moved to the Day Charts. My Broker is IBFX and my new day candle starts at 4pm PST. I typically place trades between 8pm and 10pm PST (which is the 2nd H4 candle of the day). These will either be pending trades with sell stop or buy stop levels set for Fractal Breaks or potential TDI Crossovers – especially moves from below 32 or from above 68. Price Action is the Key, so watch for the momentum to support the signals. Look left and pick up on support and resistance levels / Fractals.

When using the RSI(10), I am looking at 25 as OverSold and 75 as OverBought - as the RSI(10) crosses the 50, there is usually a trade entry opportunity once you confirm with PA - Watch the value in the Data Window as this will overload the indicators on the screen. Any tine RSI is hovering around the 50 then you are looking at consolidation, so wait for Fractal Breaks / S/R level breaks.

Multiple Time Frame Analysis:

As far as MTFA– I do check the week for trend direction and always check out what the the 200ema is doing - this is the favourite institution ema and acts as a very dynamic S/R region - I may rarely look at lower timeframes - if the day looks good, I will enter.

Supply and Demand Levels:

I hve been tidying up the charts and going back to basics, so the II_SupDem.ex4 indicaor is optional to get you thinking about Supply and Demand / S/R levels.

Break outs / Reversals usually coincide with the APB changing colour for a good reversal signal. Basic Rule here is to sell as the candles leave a Supply Zone heading South and Buy as the PA leaves a Demand Zone heading North. If price blows through a Zone, this just means that the Trend has held and will usually give you a pause before bouncing and continuing.

With the Day charts this involves patience and avoiding the need to enter a trade for a few pips. If you study some of the available material - either in FF on the threads, or in the numerous ebooks that circulate with the hope of hooking you for a subscription service, then you will see there is no real fixed rule for this type of entry - it all comes down to your trading style and your trading plans.

My preference is to let the candle close and then follow the momentum of the PA. From the charts that I am now posting, you will see that the 100ema and 200ema will often act as a floating S/R - be aware of this when trading with set-ups heading towards these emas, especially when your entry point is within 100 pips and especially when 100 and 200 are running horizontal together - check out this post - http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...97#post5779197

One very well written article that I have seen, talked to how momentum was perceived / interpreted. The focus was on the second half of the candle's life as this demonstrates the support and demand for the current PA. You can have a great bull push in the first half of the candle with new highs being set, only for the bears to take over which will leave you with a pull back candle with a large wick - this negates any momentum that was achieved earlier in the day. This often occurs around S/R levels and folks get faked out by the initial strength of the candle, only to watch it fall away at the end of the day.

If, however, the bear push continues into the latter part of the day, then you have a strong momentum candle and if this succeeds in breaking the S/R, then look for continued momentum to drive the PA.

This supports the Big E message that not all TDI crosses are not created equal and you still have to be on your game with the forex basics.

Trade Entries:

Is there such a thing as a perfect set up? My ideal scenario would be the following for long entries for reversals (and they do happen):

APB/HA closes and changes colour

PA moves with some strength - this means its day ATR(1) is at 75% or higher of the ATR(7) - this should also be stressed that the candle body needs to be strong - larger body than wicks.

RSI moving above 51 / breaking through the 50 with strong momentum

TDI cross within the last 1 or 2 candles and moving up from the 32 region

Day chart showing recent trading range of swings (next Supply / Demand Zones 150 + pips away)

For short entries:

APB colour change to red

PA moves with ATR(1) at 75% or higher of ATR(7)

RSI moving below 49

TDI cross within the last 1 or 2 candles and moving down from the 68 region

Generally, trading into the 200ema is bad news -a strong enough PA will push through the 200ema and continue on its way. If the 200ema is dead flat, PA will very likely follow it and consolidate - wait for the breakout.

Using the Trade Signal Line for Entries

Check out Post #1419 http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...53#post6623553 and see how this works.

Thoughts on APB Colour Changes Check out Post #1267 http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...67#post6434367

Trade Exits:

For those of you that followed Big E - his trading style was structured to preserve pips, so he would exit on TDI flattening / hooks / pull backs and then look for re-entry positions. Also, Big E was not trading day charts - he did trade H4 and lower timeframes for London / NY openings. I have a flexible approach to exits and may change in accordance with S/R or general momentum. If you exit early, then look for re-entry possibilities on the H4.

With regards to any indicator that has an Overbought / Oversold region - once these indicators are in the OB / OS regions, they cease to be reliable as trends can continue to add hundreds of pips after these regions have been entered - watch for candle sizes / S/R levels and further breakouts - very few indicators will help you here - Price Action will always be king!

SL and TP levels:

From the TMS thread - dcginc posted several posts on setting up SL and TP levels using the ATR(7) and I have tweaked this to match my approach.

I now run with 3 entries per set-up and base my SL on the current ATR(7) - usually 1.5XATR(7) or the previous swing H/L / Fractal.

TP1 for reversals is 1.5XATR(7) - this will mean SL levels are sometimes 200 + pips on the more volatile pairs.

TP2 - options here are to set TP2 at 3XATR(7), OR, for TP2, you can always leave this open and manually manage the trade. My suggestion is to start out wit the fixed

TP3 - no fixed level - run with manually adjusting SL levels

Experiment with TP1 and TP2, see how it works, modify as necessary, but don't allow the greed glands to take over your trading plan

Once TP1 is hit, move TP2 and TP3 to B/E and then manage to your trading plan.

Trade Management:

There are several posts on manual trade management such as: 164 / 204 / 246. I will always let TP1 close out, so for my trade management, this is for TP2 and add-ons. For trend runs, I manually move my SL up to the previous but one (2 candles previous) candle L for longs (wick not body), H for shorts.

As trend runs approach major S/L levels, the 200EMA / Big Round Numbers / 32/68 on TDI, 25/75 on RSi(10), be aware the trade can stall or bounce against you, so consider a manual exit and then re-enter if the S/R is broken and the move continues.

Typically, the TDI will flatten out in the Overbought (>68) and Oversold (<32) regions and that the TDI will start to give exit signals on trade slow downs and stalls.

As the candles start to shorten, this is the signal that momentum is fading. The end results are one of three options - congestion / ranging market, trend stall followed by reversal, trend stall followed by continuation (look for add-on possibilities on a new fractal break).

Other possibilities include running with TS set to account for your ATR(7) - currently suggesting that the TS is not less than ATR(7) but then this depends what you are willing to sacrifice from your hard earned pips. Remember, it's not how much you make, but how much you keep!

Money Management:

Leonaforex made a great comment in Post # 295
For my trades, I trade 3% of my account at any time, until 3 trades in a row are winners.
I then increase to 4.5% of my account.
One loss reverts to 3%.
Two losses reverts to 1.5%.
Three or more go to 1% of account and stay there until you figure out what you were missing.
Once you have achieved 2 wins in row again, go to 3% of your account.

Again - before going live with this, run the backtests for the trade methodology and then plug in different money management approaches and see how the drawdowns affect your account and how quickly you recover. Many folks use a fixed 2% max and this is pretty safe.

Here is something that I read on another thread:

You should classify any contemplated trade into one of the following five categories before putting on a position:
a. Entrance into congestion
b. A trade within a congestion
c. A breakout from a congestion area
d. A trend run
e. Trend reversal

The trader will have difficulty in formulating a successful and intelligent risk/reward (entry/exit) plan unless the trade is properly categorized before the trade is taken. The risk/reward parameters are different for each of the five types of trades.

Candle Patterns:

Watch for candle reversal patterns - in the attachments.

Candlesticks vs APB vs HA - see Post #305

With regards to candles - my preference is for traditional good old fashioned style candlestick charts- however, Heikin Ashi or Synergy APB (Average Price Bars) have also worked well and continue to do so on the original TMS and X-Man's threads. The APB /HA appproach centers around a colour change on the day chart - When a colour change occurs, go look at it - review the PA and if it has momentum then it has a reasonable probability of succeeding - PA always takes priority in the decision making process.

With day charts, it's not like you are rushed into a trading decision, so you have time to verify PA with either the APB and Candlesticks/price bars. Using candlesticks will of course require some understanding of candles and especially reversal patterns. Again, as with so many other aspects of forex - pick what works for you and run with it - you must be comfortable with your chart settings and not become one of the sheeple trying to make something alien work just because other are doing it.

For general reading on TMS and trading strategies – look to the following members (most are from the original TMS Thread and although these are not necessarily day chart traders, their approaches and methodologies are sound and will translate to any timeframe):

Eelfranz / dcginc / X-Man / Phx62 / Emmanuel7788 / Vantage / Dean / Lawgirl – apologies to those whom I have missed – nothing intentional, just attribute it to lost brain cells over the years.

As far as trading opportunities, you will probably see each pair have one good set up per week and there are usually several high probability trade set ups each week across all the pairs – if the market is ranging – leave it alone and come back another day. The day charts will easily bring you pips and with less stress and less false signals. My experience has been between 800 to 1200 pips per month since July which is when I picked up on TMS. This can be achieved on a single currency pair, or over multiple pairs.

Abbreviations used in posts

TP1 - Take Profit for Entry #1

TP2 - Take Profit for Entry #2

TP3 - Take Profit for Entry # 3

AOC - Add-On Candle

BE - Break Even

S/R - Support / Resistance

S/D - Supply / Demand

DD - Drawdown

Install the indicators into your MT4 platform - folder name "experts" and then sub folder name "indicators"

Indicators for Chart (Day)

Synergy_APB_[C]

ATR Pips UL Corner – color to none - periods 1 – multiplier 1 - this will give you the ATR for a single candle

ATR Pips UL Corner – color to none - periods 7 – multiplier 1 (read dcginc posts for using this and setting SL and TP)

EMA 200 – blue dotted – Price Typical

EMA 100 – aqua dotted – Price Typical

Fractals (Bill Williams)

Supply and Demand indicator II_SupDem - optional

Indicator Window 1

TMSTDI Watchdog – all settings at defaults – Set the alarms that you do not want to false and adjust the font sizes accordingly for your set-up. Colors are personal preference for the TDI lines - I do not use the "Bollinger" lines, so I stick with TSL / RSI and MBL

Overlay the RSI set to 10 with no color – just a personal preference – higher probability trades when RSI(10) is above 51 for longs and below 49 for shorts. Again – another one for the Data Window.

TMS Links to Other Threads:

Further reading for your education in all things related to Trading Made Simple:

Harlem posted this on the TMS thread - it is a compilation of some of the top TMS traders post and includes posts from BigE, Phx62, dcginc
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...35#post6634735

Xaphod did update all of the TMS related indicators and pulled these from a variety of sources- make sure you download the latest versions - here is page 1 of his thread
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...40#post4619540

and here is the link to the attachments which will have all of the other discussed indicators http://www.forexfactory.com/misc.php...ments&t=294327

X-Man is having fun with the Sonic indicator - here is the link to page 1 of his thread
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...32#post5167732

For those of you wanting to learn TMS from scratch, then here is page 1 of the Trading Made Simple thread started by Eelfranz
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...74#post4569574

Posts to check out
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...22#post5767722 - Changes to templates and a couple of neat indicators

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...53#post5814153 - Detailed look at entries and add-on candles

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...38#post5786338 - Overview on Currency Index Training

--- 帖子 #2 ---
subscribed !

--- 帖子 #3 ---
I'm in too.

--- 帖子 #4 ---
I guess there will be many other "guests"

--- 帖子 #5 ---
I'm in and anxious to learn the daily.

--- 帖子 #6 ---
Expect explosion soon..

Subscribed.

--- 帖子 #7 ---
Hi all

Subscribed with great interest

John from Durban

--- 帖子 #8 ---
Subcribed. I've got ibfx, too. 6pm cst here. Work all day. Check the candle and set and forget at night. Thanks for sharing.

--- 帖子 #9 ---
So here is the first trade posted.

This one was set up as a pending sell stop and was based off of a "Fractal Down" break.  The TDI was running lower although there wasn't a distinct cross at the time.

The TDI would have shown a cross as the trade triggered, but the candle did pull back.

Entered with two trades - SL set to 2XATR(7) which was 130 pips, so SL @260 pips.  TP1 set to 260 pips.  TP2 currently open - will wait to see how the trade progresses.

Currently this trade is +50pips

--- 帖子 #10 ---
Added list of indicators and other wondrous information

--- 帖子 #11 ---
I'm in too

-----
fx system

--- 帖子 #12 ---
As TDI our main indicator so how can we enter/decide a trade without seeing TDI cross?

--- 帖子 #13 ---
This is for aud/usd from the past 72 days.

In summary - all trades taken at TDI cross - typically after 1st candle has closed after crossing the 5ema - this is the set up candle and establishes the entry point - top or bottom of the candle wick depending on long or short entry.

For this chart there are 6 entry points over a time period of 72 candles / days - this is about training yourself to see the entries and the associated patterns.  As has been pointed out on other threads, anyone can pick winners from an old chart, so look for the patterns / set-ups for entry points.  Some trades may take 5 days or more to develop, so extreme patience is required.

Trust the 2XATR(7) for your SL for reversals, it has been proven to work many times over.  For tighter ranging markets, drop to 1XATR(7) for TP1.

Total pips if all entries were hit = 2,986

Entry 1 - TP1 = 338, TP2 = 490

Entry 2 - TP1 = 322, TP2 = 280 - this was a continuation trade / Fractal break / bounce

Entry 3 - TP1 = 348, TP2 = 470

Entry 4 - TP1 = 284, TP2 = 230

Entry 5 - TP1 = 75, TP2 = 75 - first signs that pair is starting to range in narrower band

Entry 6 - TP1 = 37, TP2 = 37 - market now ranging in a lower band - should now reduce TP1 to 1XATR(7) until range is broken

--- 帖子 #14 ---
TDI is a primary indicator for TMS, however, support and resistance levels / fractals will give additional signals.  I am trading with the TMS approach plus Fractals.

The TDI in this instance would have crossed as the PA moved down and broke the Fractal Low, however, as the candle pulled back, the TDI RSI would have moved with the retrace and any TDI cross that would have been indicated would no longer exist.

The trade was placed as a pending trade based on the Fractal Low being broken - not for all, but it works for me.

--- 帖子 #15 ---
ok, thanks. will try to understand your methodology.

--- 帖子 #16 ---
Am in too..........

--- 帖子 #17 ---
Thank you Britpip7 for starting this thread.

As we are concentrating on the daily charts only here there is a good opportunity to announce potential setups quite far in advance of the entry signal, with lots of time to prepare for the trade, in most situations.

There are plenty of currency pairs to trade - especially if one considers all the smaller currencies - so please announce any attractive looking possible entry set ups and we can then discuss and take action from there.  I'm sure collectively we will cover all potential new setups across the whole currency market!

The whole rationale behind Eelfranz's original system was simplicity so let's keep things simple else we will drive away members from this thread.

In my posts here I will concentrate on three things:

1. Entry setups and brief explanation as to why I think the setup looks good (not only technical set up reasons but also risk/reward)

2. In trade stop loss management

3. Effective exit strategy

For the above I will use Eelfranz's original rules as a start and may bring new ideas to the forum if I think there is value for others.

I have never traded the daily chart and have a serious concern with leaving trades active over weekends (may result in big movements with no stop loss safety). However I guess that there will be trades on D1 that may remain in the market over weekends - this will be a new experience for me.

Thank you.

Shaun

--- 帖子 #18 ---
I took this trade on the Gbp/Usd on the 28th.I was kinda hesitant about it because of the support and resistance factor.Im currently up 30 pips so i will see what happens.Hopefully it will hit a new low lol.

--- 帖子 #19 ---
Im in this boat!

Tried on M15 and winning since then, will learn the D1 ways

Marcoxq

--- 帖子 #20 ---
britpip7

could you upload those latest indicators.

Marcoxq

--- 帖子 #21 ---
daily for living ...

--- 帖子 #22 ---
If you don't mind would be kind to share the template and indicators from the picture you have provided again!

--- 帖子 #23 ---
Britpip7, i have a couple of questions if you would. Do you sometimes enter a trade in between the 24 hour candle or do you always wait for

the new candle, another words if a new trend developes between the

24 hours say halfway or so in the candle, would you open a trade at that

point of the candle.

Also, you say you set your SL based on the ATR, is this always true or do

you also look at S&R, etc.

I have been trading the H1 and H4, preferably the H4 and will continue to

trade these times but i will try a few pairs on the Daily to see how it works for me.

Being retired i have all the time in the world but i am getting to the point where i spend to much time at my computer watching the charts and not enjoying much of my retirement, therefore i want to learn the Daily to have more free time, if this works out then i will go strictly Daily.

Good Luck

--- 帖子 #24 ---
Britpip7

I am learning forex and I have never tried the daily charts but I am very interested in this extension eelfranz's TMS. Thanks for this thread.

What pairs are you using?

--- 帖子 #25 ---
subscribed ...cheers ...

--- 帖子 #26 ---
Here is a potential set up. (AUD/CAD)

Price has formed a wedge since the end of November and we could see a breakout soon.

TDI is crossing up but this will only be confirmed at Monday's open of the daily....

Stochs are also turning up too.

Too early to consider this a trade and I will revisit on Monday with potential entry/stop loss levels.

--- 帖子 #27 ---
Subscribed as well. Thanks

--- 帖子 #28 ---
Thank you Britpip7 for this awsome thread

--- 帖子 #29 ---
Where can I get the TDI indi?

Gez

--- 帖子 #30 ---
Thanks for setting up this thread its going to be a good resource I feel.

Do you use a trailing SL for this on daily charts trading? if so what level would be appropriate do you reckon? i'm thinking 25-50

--- 帖子 #31 ---
britpip7

it will be great if you can upload your template, I would like to make sure I have the same settings as you

thank you

--- 帖子 #32 ---
I am following too...

Many like us who still haven't managed to break free from job routine...

All the best...

--- 帖子 #33 ---
Hi Britpip7,

I have been a follower of the main thread and like this idea of your daily trades.

As it still enables one to work and also play the markets too. Smaller TF is just a challenge to play if you do a 9 - 5 job which a few people here do.

From what I make out from this, you are purely a Technical Trader with this method.

As we all know, the markets are moved by global fundementals, ie news and announcements.

So just to ask, what part does news and announcement play in your trading strategy or you do not consider this at all.

As you can enter a trade and in two hours time or so, news hits the market and this reverses a trend, this can be bad for your trade but if you had looked at the pending news release, you may have held off taking a trade.

What is your take on this and any one can add to this point.

I am in the mean time a strong memeber of this thread of yours. I sure do like it. Count me in.

--- 帖子 #34 ---
Entered Short E/J at the opening of the 3rd short candle. Up 40pips now. I just moved my stop to TP at +10pips.

From what I learned from the Big E there are 2 things to consider with this trade.

1. I should have entered at the opening of the second candle not the third.

2. Most moves last 3 - 5 candle... So I locked in the 10 pips because there is only 7 hours left before the weekend and I don't want to hold this over the new year weekend.

Any thoughts, concerns or advice??? Please critique me...

--- 帖子 #35 ---
Is anyone having trouble getting this indicator      @TMSTDI_WatchDog.ex4 loaded? I put it in the Indicator file with all the other indicators, I open Metatrader, it is then showing in the Custom Indicator panel but when I drag it onto the chart it just isn't there.

I would appreciate any advice.

--- 帖子 #36 ---
I think you made a good move.  The volumn is very low - take your profit and have a fun weekend.  As far as when you got in - I like to have the green below the 50 line and get in.  It looks like you got in one candle later - so what - you made pips bottom line - gongrats - no critique here. I do think eelfranz was referring to the H4 chart when he said 3-5 candle moves. Daily appears to be many more.  As long as the green & red TDI line are below the 50 line it looks like, in my visual backtest, that you can stay with the trade.

Any thoughts?  Tom

--- 帖子 #37 ---
I can see what you mean. There appears to be more than 5 candles on these daily moves.

Do I have my TDI set up wrong? Both the red and green line are below the 50 line on mine.

Just closed my position for +41 pips.

--- 帖子 #38 ---
Nope - I think that is what indicates a strong, long move in a particular direction. In a Short move if the TDI red & green stay below the 50 line or vice versa in a long move it usually is a very long positive move on the daily. Just based on what I have seen.  I am going to close it down for this year and look forward to the DAILY TMS thread to get PIPPIN for 2012. Happy New Year everyone.

--- 帖子 #39 ---
eur/nzd is developing nicely.

Moved SL on both trades to BE +10 last night and added a 100pipTS.

Currently no reason to close this heading into the weekend, even though PA is taking a rest on the H4, but then volume has dropped off. the 100pip TS will allow breathing room and is now protecting 70pips of profit.

Current profit is running at +160 pips - TP1 was set to 2XATR(7) on the entry Fractal Low which was 2X162 = 324pips.

TP2 is open and depending on how PA runs may get closed out by the TS or may run past TP1 which if you zoom out on the Day will hit a major support level.

I will be responding to some of the posts through the day and weekend.

Please read post 1 - it has more info added on a regular basis, especially where the indicators live and what pairs I trade (hint - they are on the screenshot)

--- 帖子 #40 ---
Here's the zoom out showing the next level of support which coincidentally is where my TP1 is set.

Lessons Learned - check for Support/Resistance levels when setting TP levels.

If you see a strong S/L occurring before your TP, consider moving accordingly, OR, manually manage your trade as it approaches the S/L.

If you have two trades running concurrently (dcginc methodology), then your TP2 can be past the S/L levels - just be aware of any associated risks.

--- 帖子 #41 ---
Hi Britpip7,

Thanks for sharing the pipmaking system. Could you please post the same version of the 'TM Watchdog' Indicator that you are using.

Thanks in advance.

Roy

--- 帖子 #42 ---
Thanks for the well thought out approach for contributions.  I will add this in to Post #1.

With regards to the Day charts and set ups, any time there is a change in candle color - whether you are using candlesticks / HA / APB - go look at it and run your MTFA and if it is during your trading time, judge your entries on PA.  If a candle closes above / below the 5EMA, run the analysis.

I will also add a list of TLAs and FLAs on Post 1.

--- 帖子 #43 ---
If your daily ATR is 150pips, then setting a TS to 25-50 will get you stopped out.

Currently I am using a TS of 100pips.  I have experimented with this and using a TS of the ATR(7) puts more pips at risk, but does allow the necessary breathing room, so this will be according to your risk tolerance.  Big E would close out as soon as a reversal was occurring and hence save the pips.  He would then re-enter on the next move.  Personal choices / risk management plan.

Back Test and build your statistical data set and then make your determination.

--- 帖子 #44 ---
I have been faked out and confused by so many news releases / experts / talking heads.

At the end of the day, Price Action is King.  No matter what the news release and how it should be interpreted, the market will dictate where it will go.

The only news item that will stop me placing a trade is Non Farm Payroll - 1st Friday every month.  If I have a trade open, I will have SL set as opposed to TS, or if no real profit in place, the SL to BE.

FOMC will also cause me to move into pip protection mode.

As I place trades between 8pm and 10pm PST, news releases don't really come into play for me, unless BOJ is playing around!

--- 帖子 #45 ---
I have spent several hours trawling through the multitudes of currency pairs offered via Oanda's MT4 platform and have selected those that have a reasonable spread and show good historical movement. I have selected 18 pairs to watch. This is quite a big jump for me as I am used to trading cable only.

Britpip7 I appreciate that our focus here is the daily chart and I hope you don't mind if from time to time I publish a weekly view of the same currency pair - just to give a 'bigger picture' perspective. All trading activities will take place on the daily chart.

I find a muti time frame view of a currency pair really helps to put possible trades in better context. I learnt this from Alexander Elder's book - Trading For A Living - and would recommend it to all newbie traders who are looking to improve their 'edge' in the market.

Anyway in light of the above, here is another possible setup (CADCHF) that may occur next week. First the weekly chart - just to show what is developing at the higher time frame level (divergence between price and stochastics). On the second chart (the daily) we see further evidence of divergence (this time between price and TDI).

The TDI indicator has yet to cross and I will not consider a trade until it does. I will watch this one with interest next week.

--- 帖子 #46 ---
Hey, I was wonderin' where you were spending yer time. Why didn't you let us know you were making a new thread? Anyways, perhaps I could add a bit to your discussion if I may. I have tried to trade the TMS on daily timeframes and found that it was producing very well. In fact I spoke with a fellow who was new to TMS and doing wonderfully for himself as well. Unfortunately, have had to take money from my account and could not afford the daily stops until I pick it back up from the dumps. So I will be a frequent lurker until I can afford to trade this timeframe again. I might also add that anyone looking at this timeframe should pay particular attention to Aud/Usd. This is and was usually the "prettiest chart" I saw. Very predictable, many good pips. Good luck to you britpip and let me know if I can help in any way my friend!

--- 帖子 #47 ---
Thanks for the approach with the Weekly charts - this adds to trading the daily charts - I do use Divergence as a major heads up for adding pairs to my watch list and all traders need to be aware of what the higher time frames are doing.  If the TDI and Price are not in agreement, a change is very likely to occur.

I currently have several moving averages on the charts - 200ema / 55ema and experimenting with a 30ema but these are only for tracking trends.  With the day charts, I do not use Stochastics - never seemed to add anything for my trading style.

--- 帖子 #48 ---
Greetings - I watch X-Man's thread as well as the original TMS thread and after numerous requests ans no-one else picking it up, thought I would give it a shot.

Been really busy leading up to the holidays, so been lurking also in the background and running lots of testing as well as the trading.

Nice to see you on here - looking forward to your contributions.

--- 帖子 #49 ---
Here is the link to the TMS indicator thread with my post from some time ago with Watchdog / ATR Pips UL / TMS-Osc.

All of the TMS indicators can be found in FF - use the search function for others.

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...18#post5111018

--- 帖子 #50 ---
Here's one to watch - candle closed above 5ema followed by an additional bear candle and a Fractal Up break.

May be too late to hit this, and I do not enter mid way through the candle (something for review as this thread progresses) so worth watching over Sunday/Monday for continuation to see if breaks the recent trading range.

--- 帖子 #51 ---
No advice other than closing MT4 and re-opening or deleting the indicator, re-installing, etc.

MT4 experts feel free to jump in here.

If nothing else helps, try a pm to Xaphod

--- 帖子 #52 ---
Back Testing

Traditional back testing is nothing more than using the F12 key.

Switch off the "Chart Shift" and "Auto Scroll" buttons.

Delete the Fractals

Add in Volume - just shows the Friday/Sunday transition points - any set ups that occur at Friday Close, I normally let Sunday close and then enter as the Monday candle starts to form.

Hold your left arrow key down for a few seconds and then move to testing with the F12.

The TDI indicator will show you the historical day end position - I have only ever used F12, although there are backtesting simulators in play - check out X-Man's thread.

As you hit F12, take time to look at the chart and understand the patterns.

If you are in the middle of a trend run, look for pauses for possible new entry positions / TDI bounce.

If a reversal starts to develop, look at the candle strengths / relative positions to 5EMA and the TDI set up.

If you see the candles have aleady pushed through the 200EMA and the 55EMA, a reversal signal may just be a minor re-trace / pause.

If you see the 5EMA, 55EMA, 200EMA all heading in the same direction, look for entry positions in that direction.

--- 帖子 #53 ---
Britpips 7,

You are really taking your time in addressing questions but will like to advice that you don't spend too much time trying to answer every question as this in the long run, will tire you out and can get you fraustrated as the same questions will be asked over and over again. It is just how forum thread die off, go back to other good threads and you will see this same patern.

I think it is better you spend you nice time in posting screen shorts and explaining the entries and exit points and trade set up on the charts.

Just like eelfranze used to do on his thread, that is more productive and says a thousand words than to keep answering the same questions over and over again.

Hope you see my point. Screen shorts and analysis on it does it most for most people as it horns your view and points in to ones memory.

Thanks again and keep the charts and coming through.

Thanks, just my two cents.

--- 帖子 #54 ---
This chart covers 100 candles / days.

Using the hindsight forex trading methodology, I have selected 16 entries.

Placing two trades per entry position, each rectangle entry would have generated over 100pips - the ellipse entries were closer to break even.

Each vertical line is a possible entry point.  Each entry point was picked using candlesticks on the main chart - without using the TDI - I added the TDI back in afterwards and the correlation is pretty strong - couple of marginals, but the lessons learned here, is that Price Action gives you the entry point - all the other indicators are basically confirmation (lagging) of what the PA did.  You could also take from this is that using the TDI will give valid entries on the Day Chart!

As a rough estimate, there were approx 4,000 pips here, so on average 1,000pips per month from a single currency.

Another point of note, is that I am currently using a 100pip TS.  The drawdowns on the initial trend would stop out each of the entry positions, so each entry position was a new trade, with no open positions.  The drawdowns varied from 140pips to 260pips nearing the end of the run.

A hindsight lessons learned here is that the ATR(7) was running between 100pips and 150pips.  If you calculate your TS as a multiplier of the ATR(7), maybe you would have run these trades with a TS of more than 100pips and kept more trades open for longer.  As you go to higher timeframes, your SL / TP / TS settings become higher to allow for the required breathing room - these should all be based off of ATR(7) and should never be lower than this value.

Another option is to run your SL and TP1 @ 2XATR(7) with TP2 @ 4XATR(7) (per dcginc for reversals where the market is trending, not range bound).  When TP1 is hit, move the SL on TP2 to BE and let it run / manually manage it.

Look for the patterns in the candlesticks - these can become a leading indicator when they are understood.

--- 帖子 #55 ---
I agree completely.

Initially I will be very active on questions and the usual repeat questions will get rolled into Post #1, so expect to see the response "Go read Post #1" start to appear.

Post #1 will also include links to other posts / threads, so all of the answers to the "newbie" and "muppet" questions should be in there.

I really am striving for this to be a trade discussion forum for day charts and not an MT4 Q&A.

I was on Big E's thread for a long while and it always amazed me at the lack of effort some members exhibited - very frustrating for those of us who put in the hours.  X-Man has had similar issues on his thread.

Thanks for the 2 cents.

--- 帖子 #56 ---
Post #1

--- 帖子 #57 ---
This is the point I was making Britpips, just keep up with that and leave all the questions. Only address questions that you think are important, let other contributors answer some of the questions. This will free you up to look for set up and analyse them for your screen shorts which is more important.

Sorry folks, this may seem harsh and rude but this is the only way Britpips can focuss on his objective here, which is to teach us all how to trade this strategy.

Newbies are welcomed but try to read up first before asking questions and other contributors should feel free to answer some of the questions which sooner or later will start coming through as this thread will get known more from the new year.

Thanks all.

Just my two cents again

--- 帖子 #58 ---
Hi Britpip7

Good to see you have setup your own thread.  Bigger TFs are easy to manage but simply needs extra patience.

Many pips to you in 2012.

--- 帖子 #59 ---
Thanks for joining in the fun - there should be a ton of pips up for grabs with us focusing on one timeframe.

--- 帖子 #60 ---
added in the TMS Watchdog and my current template as well as updated the screenshot - still reviewing whether to keep the TMS OSC Histo - I need to use it more in watching the higher TF activity!

--- 帖子 #61 ---
Hey Britpips,

On your signals with the vertical lines are you entries on the open candle of the vertical line or the next candle after so the bar formation is complete. I think this is one the problems I have been having when following the method.

thanks

--- 帖子 #62 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #63 ---
same question, I have the same problem to understand training charts

--- 帖子 #64 ---
This looks to be X-Man's format with the Sonic indicator.

Not sure what your post is intending - no message with the chart and definitely no entry position with the last candle.

I am not using the Sonic and do not want this thread to add a whole bunch of indicators.

--- 帖子 #65 ---
From the training chart. the set up candle is the one before the vertical line.

The entry point is the H/L from the signal candle with the entry being on the vertical line.

I set my entry point from the H/L which means the top or the bottom of the wick of the candlestick

--- 帖子 #66 ---
plz what about those whose brokers server/plartfrm are on a different time zone..does it really matter...as in..is the system favorable to a specific brokers timing

--- 帖子 #67 ---
yes, i totally agree with what you say , if we think of britpip as the ceo ,  well the ceo doesnt usually  have to go teach the cleaners how to mop floors !!

having said that i am fairly new to all this and hope i may be forgiven for a dumb question ocasionally ,but as you rightly say there are many others here with the expertise and goodheartedness to answer, leaving the ceo to concentrate on the more important matters .

i think this is a great thread , thanks britpip and happy new year to all

rob

--- 帖子 #68 ---
Not in my opinion - I used to be with MB Trading and their day started 4 hours later.

The experts in MT4 can advise on changing times, etc. for candle starts.

--- 帖子 #69 ---
In my opinion, no matter which system you use, the broker's server times doesn't matter in the long run.  The only difference due to timing will be of TDI crosses will be a bit early or late.  For example, if trend continues one broker feed will show a TDI cross say on Monday whereas the other broker will show the same cross on Tuesday and this timing difference situation will flip vice versa on the next setup.

Hope this helps

--- 帖子 #70 ---
i looked only at candles ,not used cheat sheet  , just trying to remember candle patterns .not looked at tdi cross or bounce .please anyone comment , i am trying to learn .

rectangle no.1      i see 3 white soldiers

2     '''''''''''bullish engulfing

3       ''''''''''  ''         ''       and maybe 3 inside up

4         ''   3 inside up (+ 1 tiny candle)

5         ''    pull back bar previous to entry bar (also see negative divergence from tdi --look to go short soon )

please am i on the right track here ?

rob

--- 帖子 #71 ---
With regards to candle patterns, I think we can all learn from you.  The challenge is to identify the entry points within the candle patterns.

You appear to be in the right track - understand the Price Action and support with indicators if needed.

--- 帖子 #72 ---
thank you very much , yes i would mostly rely on tdi at the moment for entry , but as you said to learn candle patterns too would help.

also, as we need bigger sl on daily , can anyone suggest what size a/c would be practical, i think trade at 1 gbp per pip to start , thats the smallest i can do on spreadbet a/c ,

or maybe forex broker can give me smaller size , i think ., but i read so many horror stories about some ff brokers - but then again i guess spreadbet co's are no angels .

--- 帖子 #73 ---
Britpip7, nice thread -- just read it end to end.

Digf, try checking the build of your MT4 platform.  Help/About from the upper platform pull downs.  I am using Build 409 and have no problem loading the indi.  If you are using a build older than the compilation build of the indi (and we do not know what that build number is), you may not be able to load the indi -- it will not move to the experts/indicators/compatibility_files directory at load time.  If you are using a build older than Build 409, go to you Brokers download site and update your MT4 platform.  I think that will solve your problem.  You can try moving the indi to the experts/indicators/compatibility_files directory yourself.  It might load then.  But better and safer to install the latest build.

--- 帖子 #74 ---
Could someone please explain how the settings of the EMA's are determined, is this based on TF or is this only trial and error. I am confused on how one determines the settings because i have seen so many different settings on this.

I was watching videos from someone who trades only the daily charts and PA, he uses complete different settings for the 2 ema's he is using.

Would be appreciated if someone could lighten me up on this.

--- 帖子 #75 ---
Britpip7 and EasyRyder

Thanks for your efforts of help but I still can't load it. I was initially quite pleased when I saw that my MT4 platform version was 402 so I downloaded the 409 build expecting it to load the indi and work ok but it is still the same.

It is listed in Custom Indicators but when I double click or try to drag it onto my chart it just isn't there.

I have tried loading it onto a second MT4 platform with a different broker but its just the same.

I am going to take your advice and try a pm to Xaphod.

Edit Ignore the above, I have just downloaded the file again but this time from Britpip7's link on post #1 and it is now working on both MT4 platforms.

Thanks again to both of you although I feel a bit guilty taking your time with questions of this nature. I think that in future if I do get any problems of a similar nature I will post them on the Tech Forum so this thread deals only with the strategy

--- 帖子 #76 ---
Hi there,

Not usre but try this on the Picture and see if it helps. Both are the same but in differen formats.

--- 帖子 #77 ---
one more

--- 帖子 #78 ---
Thanks sharemaster2 but it is working ok now

--- 帖子 #79 ---
Hi Britpip,

Just to compliment your thread, will it not be a good idea to set up a Skype group for members to have reall time discussion of trade set ups.

It is just an idea I think will also help.

What do you all think of it, if the idea is good then Britpip can set one up with a good name for it or I can do that. Either way, lest discuss this and see what peopele think first.

Just my two cents worth as always.

--- 帖子 #80 ---
I think this was tried by X-Man with the original TMS thread but did not last very long, not enough participation i suppose, shortly afterwards he started his own thread with his version of TMS which is a big success.

--- 帖子 #81 ---
GUYS I HAVE A LIL RECOMMENDATION. The starter of the thread uses IBFX and according to their server time, their new day starts 4pm PST which is the same as 12am GMT.

For the sake of uniformity, i recommend that we all use broker whose time zone starts 4pm PST and 12am GMT

Here are the advantages:

Uniformity
We see the same set ups, two heads are better than one
Newbies will catch up very fast

Even the pros will benefit as their possibility of making errors will be reduced

We make the pips together

If your broker uses a different time zone, you can open a demo account with IBFX and watch out for setups on IBFX platform but the actual live trades will be taken on your own brokers platform.

I recomend that hence fort, any trade setup or example should be displayed from a broker whose new day starts 4pm PST (12 am GMT).

Guys what do you think?

Franklin

--- 帖子 #82 ---
Closed

EURUSD short -25 -> volume went dead

EURSGD short -50 -> was just plain wrong on taking this trade

USDCHF long -25 -> resistance was close, entry candle and TDI cross were weak

Stopped out

EURHKD short +10 (BE) -> highly volatile pair!

GBPUSD short -100 -> bumped right back up from strong support

Still open

GBPNZD short +78

GBPJPY short +87

EURJPY short +112

I've included screenshots of the trades that are still open explaining why I think I could gain more pips from those.

--- 帖子 #83 ---
If you're looking to go long, you might run into resistance about a 100 pips further up. By the way AUDCAD and AUDSGD show similar large up candles.

Perhaps I misunderstood you: a bounce against resistance would make a nice short.

--- 帖子 #84 ---
This is not my call but here are my views on this suggestion:

This thread is about trading the daily chart with a very straight forward system.  The best way for members of this thread to learn to trade this system is for Britpip7 and other successful traders to share their trading activities right here - through posting charts etc.

The beauty of trading the daily chart is setups take a long while to form and so 'real time' is slow enough to capture and post here for all to see and learn from.

Creating another live trading forum and taking that part away from this thread would be a mistake in my opinion.  Most live trading chat rooms become a place of 'follow the leader' where one trader calls his/her trades and the rest follow blindly without learning what they are doing.

My two cents....

--- 帖子 #85 ---
Based on yesterday's candles (30-12), the following pairs look appealing:

CADJPY short

USDJPY short

EURAUD short

Overall it appears Aussie en JPY are getting stronger.

--- 帖子 #86 ---
smatthew, did you drew this little white boxes with numbers inside at the top and bottom of the polynomial regression channel? what it mean?

--- 帖子 #87 ---
I've explained my chart template in the following post:
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...12#post5229912

I've also attached my template to that post.

--- 帖子 #88 ---
My personal view of skype rooms is that they are a huge distraction from what we can achieve on this thread.

I joined in with the 3 versions that X-Man opened up and you have to available for hours at a time to make it work, so I neither have the time nor motivation to do this and I do not want the thread swamped with a hundred requests for people to be added as happened on TMS and the SSS thread.

--- 帖子 #89 ---
hi all,

just wondering if anyone is seeing the AUDUSD cross as a potential long entry. also what are your thoughts on the false signal on the same cross a few days ago - ccould that short have been avoided and if so how, given there was a clear TDI signal (green cross red) to the downside?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #90 ---
Agreed. Trading daily charts usually means you have little time (like me) or don't want to be glued to a screen for hours. A skype room will just take up time and are usually open to abuse.

--- 帖子 #91 ---
Depending on how much volume there is on Sunday / Monday:

A/U - possible break to the upside - Fractal Up break / TDI strong cross / TMS Osc green for day and week / RSI(10) above 50

E/U - sitting on a strong support line for the past 12 days - something has to give at some point

NZ/U - similar to A/U as usual

GB/NZ - possible Fractal Low break - TDI has bounced / TMS OSC red for day and week / RSI(10) below 50 - If the Fractal Low break does not occur watch for reversal signals

GB/J - similar to GB/NZ

AU/CH - possible divergence PA to TDI - waiting for possible reversal

The rest of the pairs are already into trend runs or are seriously ranging - so, worth watching the trending pairs for a pause / fractal break - some of these are getting into OB / OS areas so be careful with new entries - maybe go for smaller profit targets.

My only open trade is E/NZ which has two trades running in parallel.  TP1 is set for 270pips (originally set @ 2XATR(7) based on the candle values at the time of setting the trade), TP2 has not been set, so I am manually managing this.  Currently I have a TS of 100 on both trades (100 pips protected on each) as that is all I am willing to surrender to the forex gods at this time.  Bear in mind, that the current ATR(7) is 129 pips, so these trades could easily get stopped out when the market re-opens.  All down to risk tolerance at this point.

--- 帖子 #92 ---
Depends on whether the pull back continues.  I would wait for it to break the previous day high - set initial TP to the next fractal levels - 150 pips and if it breaks through it may keep running back to the previous trading range.

--- 帖子 #93 ---
Personally I will be giving any signals a miss until Wednesday. The market is too thin to be trading and that's why you will get false signals.

--- 帖子 #94 ---
Been Trading this way for a while (Daily weekly), ever since Big E started TMS.  Looking forward to trading with you guys after the New Year breaks.

Hope every one has a Happy Safe New Year

And again nice Thread Britpip7

--- 帖子 #95 ---
Wishing you all a very peaceful New Year as well as a very prosperous and pip filled 2012

--- 帖子 #96 ---
Well, well, been a while, interested to see how you go.  Good on you for beginning this venture  ....I wish you much success in this endeavor.

Happy and Prosperous New Year

Leona

--- 帖子 #97 ---
Thanks Willf - was there any way to void this recent short signal? or is the lesson no to trade on small volume?

--- 帖子 #98 ---
The thing I/we did wrong was to let a winner turn into a loser.

There was strong support where PA was unable to break through.

That's where IMO TP1 should've been.

--- 帖子 #99 ---
It was a good signal. The TDI had crossed, stochs were indicating the direction, and the HA bar had pierced the EMA (something I always look for). Had it been any other time of the year it would have been a good trade to take.

Some losses are unavoidable, that's part of the game. If you are playing on demo then you can risk trading at this time of the year. When it's my hard earned cash I am trading with I won't take unnecessary risks.

--- 帖子 #100 ---
EURCHF seems to be turning down now. it traded in a range more than 4 months and hitting the support now. Does any one check the probability of this pair?

--- 帖子 #101 ---
Thanks for the 'heads up' Britpip7.

I will add my comments to your list below. Please see my comments in blue...

AUD/CAD - Long trade active since Friday afternoon. I will discuss this in a separate post to follow.

A/U - possible break to the upside - Fractal Up break / TDI strong cross / TMS Osc green for day and week / RSI(10) above 50. Yes I like the look of this one too. Will review at the open of next candle and decide if I will enter or not. Similar look to AUD/CAD.

CAD/CHF - no set up yet but based on divergence this pair is on my watch list for a short. I would be looking for at least 200 pips here.

E/U - sitting on a strong support line for the past 12 days - something has to give at some point. No signal yet.

NZ/U - similar to A/U as usual - Agreed and similar look to AUD/CAD too.

GB/NZ - possible Fractal Low break - TDI has bounced / TMS OSC red for day and week / RSI(10) below 50 - If the Fractal Low break does not occur watch for reversal signals. I am wary of this one... there is divergence between price and the indicators and I expect a move long.

GB/J - similar to GB/NZ - I don't have the confidence yet to trade the 'Ninja Beast'!

AU/CH - possible divergence PA to TDI - waiting for possible reversal - sadly do not have this pair on the Oanda MT4 platform!

The rest of the pairs are already into trend runs or are seriously ranging - so, worth watching the trending pairs for a pause / fractal break - some of these are getting into OB / OS areas so be careful with new entries - maybe go for smaller profit targets. Agreed. In a number of cases entries were signalled 3 - 5 days ago and there have been decent moves as a result. Time for patience to wait for new and solid set ups.

--- 帖子 #102 ---
I know that I said I would review this pair on Monday before deciding to enter but then reconsidered and took the trade after price broke the high of the previous day. (Currently +36 pips).

The lower chart shows the entry (blue triangle).

The first chart shows my expected targets and stop loss movements for this trade.

I expect a Risk/Reward ratio of -100:260 which is reasonable. I stand to lose 100 pips if this trade goes against me from the outset (assuming nothing over the weekend caused AUD to weaken against CAD!)

As mentioned before I have no previous experience trading daily charts and hence the profit targets/ stop loss management is untested. I am also working on very different exit procedure and will share that if it works. Let's use this for now.

Let's see what the new week brings. I will edit this post with updates throught the life of the trade.

--- 帖子 #103 ---
On the short trade I would have waited for the Green TDI to have crossed below the 50 level before I took the trade - same on a long trade (above 50).

Interested in others opinion.

--- 帖子 #104 ---
Hi ramses2

I have this pair on my list.  I see the following:Overall trend is short (weekly chart) Last entry signal (short) was 4 days ago There is divergence between price and indicators on the daily chart and I expect a retrace (long) to take place in the next few days. Thanks

--- 帖子 #105 ---
Waiting to get on board this baby,she will be coming down real soon IMO

--- 帖子 #106 ---
SNB have vowed not to let EUR/CHF go under 1.20 and price at the moment is sat on solid support. Maybe better off waiting for a buy signal in my opinion.

--- 帖子 #107 ---
I thought that if the TDI had a good angle for a short entry then it is ok to enter above the 50 level.  If the 50 level is pierced then one can assume a more powerful downtrend is in place.  But I may wrong.  And obviously the opposite for long.

--- 帖子 #108 ---
I think people are making up their own strategies as they go along here. The entry and exit rules are based on Eelfranz's original system here http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=291622 only difference is we are using a daily time frame.

--- 帖子 #109 ---
Well its 2012.I really been slacking off on my chart study and what not but im going back in this year.I got a goal to reach.

--- 帖子 #110 ---
I agree with Wilf on the various strategies.

Looks like we have a variation of "The 5 Method", "Trading Made Simple", "Dean Malone", etc.

I would like to keep this to the TDI entry criteria from the TMS thread - nothing that I have seen so far seems to improve the success rates / probabilities.

If your trading methodology is working, then carry on using it - you need to find and perfect your style.  Some kind soul did pull together all of Big E's and dcginc's posts and these can be found on the Trading Made Simple" attachments section - always worth another read (sounds like a good start to the New Year actually ) - not going to replicate it here though.

I will continue with using Fractal breaks for re-entries / add-ons, and use these as part of my analysis / chart posts and training sessions.  I was using them for some time before I found TMS

--- 帖子 #111 ---
You are right. Please accept my apologies for any confusion caused through my sharing of a non standard exit in post #102 of this thread. In future I will stick to discussing only information that is according to the rules.

--- 帖子 #112 ---
My goals for 2012 are to improve on last years averages:

Pips - Net Profit per month = 850

% Trade Accuracy = 75%

Pips - Win to Loss ratio = 3:1 (did achieve 4:1 in Nov)

From the trades taken in 2011, my top pairs traded were:

aus/usd

eu/aus

eu/usd

gbp/usd

Following all of the interventions from BOJ / SNB, i reduced my exposure to the jpy and chf.

From the 15 pairs on my watch list (see Post #1 screen shot) - I did not take any jpy trades, so I may drop gbp/jpy, although I still have a soft spot for eu/jpy - the chf pairs are only there in case something really good happens!  As far as usd/cad is concerned - there's a reason it's called the Loonie!

In reality, it only takes a few minutes to check each chart to see if anything changed with regards to reversal patterns / pauses / fractal breaks, etc, so running with all available currencies is not a huge strain on the time resources, but I prefer to narrow the focus.

Strategies to perfect this year will be a hedging set-up on Day Charts with sympathetic pairs - I'll provide data as I flush out the backtesting and some forward testing.

--- 帖子 #113 ---
AUD/JPY has always been a favourite of mine. Some nice pips over the past 6 months or so

--- 帖子 #114 ---
Yea - you are absolutely correct.  I apologize. Got off track temporarily but will not let it impact future posts on TMS because I am a great believer in the eelfranz method - It is gonna work great on the Daily.

--- 帖子 #115 ---
Interestingly I always seem to end up on aud/usd - studying more on the 3 pairs (aud/usd, aud/jpy, nzd/usd) to see if there is anything different on the tdi / fractal signals that may give an edge

--- 帖子 #116 ---
what have you got there on your charts and what settings ?

--- 帖子 #117 ---
Entered three new demo trades.

Three other demo trades still open (Screenshot shows H1, but that's just for monitoring. All trades taken on D1).

Just noticed the bank holidays on the frontpage ..

--- 帖子 #118 ---
Hi to all,

for fractal-break on a daily chart you wait for close of the candle above/below the fractal or simply you wait for the price go above/below by some pips and put pending order?

if you put pending order how much distance from the fractal on the daily chart? 5 or 10 pips ?

thank you.

Andrea.

--- 帖子 #119 ---
Just the standard settings as per the original TMS method.

HA Candles

5 EMA (Typical HLC/3) Shift 3

TDI Indicator

Stochs 8,3,3

The TDI indicator is Xaphods version because I found it more reliable. They can all be found in the original thread http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=291622

--- 帖子 #120 ---
willf

can you please explain why do you think this TDI indicator is more reliable than the original TDI indicator of the TMS thread?

thank you

--- 帖子 #121 ---
The original TDI indicator would often need refreshing. At the end of a bar it may show a signal but on refresh it showed no cross. Xaphods version moves real time and doesn't need refreshing.

--- 帖子 #122 ---
Thank you for this information I will test Xaphods version.

--- 帖子 #123 ---
I use the TDI Red Green.mq4 and it the same as the TDI watchdog ..but noticed that the TDI watchdog is kinda more sofisticated with information....nice one...

heres what i dont understand:

Whats the SLOPE..is it the slope of the last TDI cross or just the slope of the TDI trend

Franklin

--- 帖子 #124 ---
Hi Andrea

If it is a trend pause I will enter on the break and not wait for the candle to close.

If it is a range set of fractals as in the eur/usd at the moment, I'll wait for a candle close.  The eur/usd will be the subject of another post today.

Pending trades are set to at least 10 pips above /below the fractals - if there is a significant Big Round Number, I will set 15 pips above below the BRN.

--- 帖子 #125 ---
Nothing happening today - normality should return tomorrow - volumes and news should promote movement.

Warning - Friday - Non Farm Payroll

--- 帖子 #126 ---
Thanks for the headsup on Non Farm.

I'm going to configure a reminder in my phone for that news beast

--- 帖子 #127 ---
Xaphod did update all of the TMS related indicators and pulled these from a variety of sources- make sure you download the latest versions - here is page 1 of his thread
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...40#post4619540

--- 帖子 #128 ---
TDI Watchdog - the slope is showing you the angle of the TDI / associated cross / bounce.

The theory is that the slope value for a cross should be above 4.5  - the values shown represent the TDI slope for the current candle and previous candle.

The screenshot shows the watchdog settings.

For a bounce the value shoul be at least 3.0.

--- 帖子 #129 ---
hey Britpip

Nice thread.

I'm subscribed

Will be following closely to learn more.

I think forex factory is been overtaken by Big E's methods LOL

Wish you a pipful 2012

Regards

X-man

--- 帖子 #130 ---
Greeting X-Man - nice to see you here - welcome and Happy New Year.

Well, between our respective threads, we should be able to bring in some pips in 2012.

Long live Big E's teachings

--- 帖子 #131 ---
Many thanks for the clarification. Its going to be very helpful.. Big E said so many things about angle of cross/bounce and also exiting when TDI goes flat..

Could you plz give me a weblink where i can read more about the TDI Watchdog indicator....i need to know more about it plz

--- 帖子 #132 ---
I picked up this indicator as it evolved in the TMS thread, Dean Malone (Compass FX) and Xaphod's posts, so only really using it as originally prescribed from their info.

When all else fails - try the search function in FF or Google it.

--- 帖子 #133 ---
A quick update on the current status of this trade from Friday.

Today (Monday 2nd Jan 2012) was a global holiday for the markets and there was little movement.

On the attached chart (AUD/CAD daily):
Current candle is still bullish TDI indicator continues to climb although starting to flatten Stochastics continues to climb. Trade is +51 pips at present.
Stop loss has been moved to B/E

Wait and see what tomorrow brings.

--- 帖子 #134 ---
Trade entered on 12/28 on Fractal Break - this was a later entry - could have taken the previous Fractal break (rectangle) which co-coincided with the TDI Bounce on 12/16, but missed it!

Usual trade entry - two trades opened - SL & TP1 set to 2XATR(7), TP2 left open but with same SL.  TS of 100 deployed.

With any trend runs, a pause followed by a Fractal Break can be good for entries / add-ons.  As a trend run gets longer, be aware that it could be nearing exhaustion, especially when it is running into previous S/R levels (see the ellipse).  Watch for the TDI Down Zone line to continue with the trend.  If the RSI Price Line breaks the TDI Down Zone, stay with it.

Still watching for reversal signs, and previous patterns, so currently no indications that this will do anything but continue (famous last words!).  Lower volumes today and no news, so basically prices are drifting.  Not much Forex news on these pairs for the next few days, so other Euro Zone news will probably be the driving factor.  As usual, following PA and not talking heads, etc.

Currently 112pips of profit locked with the TS on both trades

--- 帖子 #135 ---
Indicators for the 'Trading Made Simple' system

go for it

--- 帖子 #136 ---
Help, mine doesnt show well...i think theres an error somewhere...or perhaps im using an old version

--- 帖子 #137 ---
This will be the full extent of my knowledge on this.

Here is a series of screenshots showing my TDI Watchdog settings.  This took me some considerable time to arrive at and are unique to the way I use this indicator.  Feel free to experiment / modify alerts / fonts / colours, etc.  This is the is the only way to learn!

You will also need to set your "Chart Shift" so that the text does not over write the TDI chart lines.

Good Luck

--- 帖子 #138 ---
In regards to the "overwriting", this often happens if you have used a template to set up that screen ... If you have, then on the pair you're on either:

1. Try changing your chart timeframe to match the templates timeframe, then change back

2. If that doesn't work, go into watchdog settings, set currency pair and timeframe to same as original template, then ok onto screen - watchdog will now show something in yellow writing in top right (e.g. EURUSD (H1) ). Go back into watchdog settings, change pair to "Current Symbol" and timeframe back to 0, ok out, should be correct now.

If you've got the template from someone else, best to ditch using it and set up the screen new yourself.

--- 帖子 #139 ---
Having completed some relatively small volumes of backtesting, I thought I would offer this up to the group for comment.

Currently I am entering with two trades for each entry.

For trend reversals and trend continuations, my entry SL on the 1st trade and TP1 is set to 2XATR(7) with a TS of 100pips (This may need to opened up more where the ATR(7) > 100pips).

For the 2nd trade, my SL is set to 2XATR(7) and my goal is to achieve a minimum of 4XATR(7) with the following process for managing the TP2 trade (using my current open trade on eur/nzd as the working example):

1. leave the entry SL in place until a minimum of 100pips profit is achieved and the trailing wick (H) has cleared the entry point.

2. At the end of each day, move the SL manually to the previous day's candle High (wick, not the candle body).

3. Keep doing this until a pullback finally takes you out (similar to the Dean Malone approach) - OR

4. When the candles show the trend is slowing / consolidation / possible reversal, consider switching to a TS based off of the ATR(7) - still under development, but initial backtesting shows a minimum of 1.25XATR(7) - all depends on which candle you use to calculate this - so this approach needs further forward testing in a demo account.

From dcginc's approach, for reversal, he runs with the entry SL on the 1st trade and TP1 is set to 2XATR(7).  TP2 is set to 4XATR(7) and when TP1 is hit, the TP2 SL is moved to BE.  TP2 can then be managed or left to run.  In ranging markets, he trades on lower timeframes and reduces the TP levels accordingly.

The chart is showing TP1 running with 100pip SL and TP2 manually adjusted per point #2 above (they are both very close to each other, but hopefully gets the idea across).

--- 帖子 #140 ---
I like the look of the daily chart setup (EUR/USD)for a long trade and have entered at 1.2991.

The weekly bias is still short but the daily chart offers supporting evidence to the TDI cross that gave me the confidence to take this trade.

My stop is at the last swing low (1.2900)

Let's see how it goes...

--- 帖子 #141 ---
long gold

--- 帖子 #142 ---
fxjourney,

that is a bearish divergencie right? so why do you go long when the price action is short? if we get a divergencie shouldn't we go with the trend of the price action?

Thank you for your analysys!

--- 帖子 #143 ---
Hi migmac

If you go back and look at the chart you are referring to you will see that I have drawn yellow lines to show the divergence between price and both the TDI and Stochastics indicators.

Look at price first (where I have drawn the yellow line) and notice that price has been trending down - hence the yellow line is downward sloping.

Now look at both indicators at the same place when prices was going down.  Again I have drawn yellow lines that show the indicators are sloping upwards - i.e. the indicators show divergence with price and this MAY mean that price will soon change direction and reverse.

Here is a good website to learn more about divergence and other useful trading stuff:

http://www.trading-naked.com/Divergence.htm

--- 帖子 #144 ---
fxjourney,

thank you!! I will continue to follow your posts

--- 帖子 #145 ---
Hi Britpip7

I am very interested in your ideas of two trades per entry and the staggered exit strategy.  I have not considered using ATR for exits and will start doing some back testing as per your rules.

Thank you for sharing.

--- 帖子 #146 ---
I like the look of this pair (AUD/JPY) on the daily chart and have decided to enter long at 79.28

Stop is below last low at 77.82

There is potential resistance above the entry level but the indicators look good and I am comfortable with the situation on the weekly chart.

I am used to trading the M15 chart - these daily trades take soooo long!

--- 帖子 #147 ---
Britpip7,

can you please help me to understand this?

"1. leave the entry SL in place until a minimum of 100pips profit is achieved and the trailing wick (H) has cleared the entry point."

You mean, when a minimum of 100pips  is archived you will insert a TS of 100 immediatly? I think that will close the trade easly right?

the trailing wick (H) needs to be where? for example on the NZDUSD my trade reached now 100 pips, I have attach a screenshot, when will you insert a TS? The trailing wick of the last candle will always be bellow the entry point, so this mean it will only happend on the third candle?

thank you

--- 帖子 #148 ---
Appreciate the input in this thread. Daily trading definitely suits my lifestyle better!

--- 帖子 #149 ---
I overslept this morning and got in the trade late, 07:30 CT.  Entry is 1.3022, Sl is 1.2842 (2XATR7), TP/1 is 1.3202 & TP/2 is 1.3382.  ATR was 90 pips at the time and I'm using Britpip's entry and exit suggestions.

It is amazing how with this pair how my SLs & TPs hit fractal points.  Good luck all, p.

--- 帖子 #150 ---
Will it be a good long after the close of current bar?

--- 帖子 #151 ---
HAPPY NEW YEAR TO ALL TMS & S3 TRADERS!

I'm so happy for this thread because in retrospect if I had gone live on D1 charts I'd not have suffered the fate I met on my first day (sept 6th Swiss Govt intervention)

Going thru the charts I see that a working knowledge of PA & candlesticks patterns will enable one to enter as soon as a new trend starts, in fact if your broker closes at New york close you can have a head start above the rest on the beginning of a new trend with PA.

For those who have been once beaten and twice shy you can wait for the trend to be well established before entry.

I use the EMA5 which Big E prescribes and the XPMA has a color feature which changes as the trend changes, i.e blue for up trend red for down trend; in between there is yellow which signals the trend change.

Looking through the charts (TRENDING) you find that EMA5 turns yellow after there has been a TDI cross and you can enter and watch the trend sail to Pipland.

The attached screen shot shows TDI crosses, TMS OSC Cross arrows and the EMA5 color change highlighted by the red pointing arrows.

So I'll be lying in wait for some color change and sail with peace of mind to Pipland, come go with me.

Intrepid

--- 帖子 #152 ---
Markets really started to move yesterday evening after the bank holidays.

Fortunately mostly my way. My XXX / JPY trades are going the wrong way, but still postive pippage.

@kijkij: EU looks promising indeed. I'll probably jump in at the open of the next candle (in 7 hours).

--- 帖子 #153 ---
be careful, right on short term trendline going down. countertrend

also, looking back at previous candles, from november, longs did not pan out as good.. considering europe aswell,, wouldnt say was high probibilty trade.

keep an eye on it!

my 2 cents!

mark

--- 帖子 #154 ---
Just be aware that we are still in a major down trend - look at previous bull candles and TDI signals on eu and then decide where you want your SL and TP.

Essentially the signal is good, however week and month may still drive this lower - enter with caution!  For my set-ups this does not yet qualify for a high probability entry.

--- 帖子 #155 ---
A quick update on my 3 trades:

AUD/CAD - entered last Friday.  Currently +97.  Stop @ B/E

EUR/USD - entered this morning.  Closed for +80.  I took advantage of the TDI signal with divergence and warned that the weekly chart indicated the trend was still short.  Price has run hard today and I sense a pullback may happen so happy to harvest this trade now.

AUD/JPY - entered this morning.  Currently +20.  Stop in original position.  I like the look of the weekly and daily charts and will hold this trade active.

Let's see what tomorrow brings.  There are a few new trades that I will consider at the open of tomorrow's daily candle.

--- 帖子 #156 ---
Looks like the AUD pairs are on a run - so NZD will also be in play.

My eur/nzd is still active - now +260pips on both entries with 150 and 170 pips locked in per my previous trade management post.

News picks up tomorrow and it is NFP week, so I expect some volume from the 3 amigos at some point, but as usual will wait for the Price Action rather than any gut feel / talking heads

--- 帖子 #157 ---
Wich pairs you have open?

i have open aud-jpy  long.

gbp-aud entry 1.5430 sell.

--- 帖子 #158 ---
just eur/nzd since 12/28 sell @ 1.6810

--- 帖子 #159 ---
Are you guy's following Big E's rule of entering only on the open of a new candle? If not, when do you decide to enter?

--- 帖子 #160 ---
Kingclarence reminded me to KISS and follow Big E's rules.

I mostly pay attention to crosses, bounces and candle size (~120 pips minimum).

--- 帖子 #161 ---
Intrepid,

can you post your indicators? is the XPMA  your using located here? http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?p=137294 the xpma.mq4 or is it a newer version? so you enter a trade as soon as xpma changes color?

--- 帖子 #162 ---
Closed

EURAUD short +70

EURJPY short +70 (gave back 100 pips to the market..)

GBPJPY short +40 (gave back 100 pips to the market..)

Probably should exit earlier, e.g. at tweaking of TDI.

Opened

EURHKD long

GBPUSD long

USDSGD short

--- 帖子 #163 ---
Thanks Britpip for starting this thread. I've been trading the tms system for awhile on the lower time frames without to much success and just went to the daily frame so this thread is perfect timing. Long live this thread

--- 帖子 #164 ---
Now into day 7 of this trade and continuing with the dual approach to trade management as discussed earlier.

TP1 is nearing it's close at +324 pips - currently sitting around 300 - this has a TS of 100pips.

TP2 is still not set and the SL has been moved again to the top of the previous candle wick - coincidentally this SL is at the same level as the TP1 100pip TS!.

Warning signs that this trade is running out of steam, with the TDI running well below the 32 level AND the trade is now running into 1.6500 so possible BRN effect, especially when you look left at the previous Fractal Low at 1.6503.

Although the TMS-Osc is still showing D/W/M all red, this can easily flatten out and may bounce off of this strong Support line.  On reflection, TP1 could have been set above the Support level at 1.6510 - 1.6525 to avoid this concern - I love hindsight

This brings up an earlier point about watching where your TP levels are set - avoid setting below previous strong S/R levels and watch for the BRNs!

This will become clearer as volume returns during the week and the ATR(7) returns to normal levels.

--- 帖子 #165 ---
When you force yourself to document what is happening in a trade, it sometimes wakes you up.

I finally saw sense and rather than turning this into a hope trade for an extra 30 pips, with a downside of giving up 100pips, I closed the TP1 trade for +290pips.

TP2 trade remains in play with 200pips protected

--- 帖子 #166 ---
Longer timeframes = less stress, less false signals and a lot of pips.

Welcome

--- 帖子 #167 ---
ok thanks. I took this trade but small SL so let see how it goes.

What about this Long signal AJ trade? TDI cross, RSI(10) above 50 stoch moving up. The only exception ATR7 is on  58 pips.

--- 帖子 #168 ---
Looks promising - 1.0379 is your next Fractal to clear.

With the ATR(7) it depends on which candle you entered - even on 58 pips, TP1 would be 116 and TP2 would be 232, so still not too shabby.

Good luck with the trade

--- 帖子 #169 ---
Well done Britpip7 - well managed trade!

Thank you for sharing your approach.

--- 帖子 #170 ---
Britpip, question for you.

With you using real candles, vs APB, on your AJ chart, if a screenshot was taken at the same time as kijkij, the second candle would currently show as a red candle (as close currently lower than open) ...

So, in this scenario, would you still enter? Or would you ensure two green/blue real candles before entering?

I ask because I came across this scenario myself and wasn't sure, because in these situations APB and real candles give you a different story.

--- 帖子 #171 ---
I just recently had my eyes open to the color change phenomenon, I'd all the while been bonded to M5 and M1 and my experience is that the XPMA indy does not repaint after a candle close so once it says blue it does not go back after 2 candles to say red. believe me I've tried a whole lot of indicators.

Just today I went back and noticed that even on H1 TF, once XPMA changes color from  blue to yellow (EMA5 shift 2) you could scalp a minimum of 7 pips in the direction of the color change that means after London and New york have had a good run, and the trend is exhausted, you can wait for a color change and pick some easy pips.

So my simple suggestion is that you experiment it on the D1 charts, load the indicator, and back-test  6 months data and draw your conclusions.

I've decided that the D1 charts is the way to go for me and I believe that the XPMA color change will be my litmus test to make me join a trend sure I'll get in late but hey someone said "experienced traders control risk inexperienced traders chase gain"

Thanks to Britpip 7 I'll include fractal breaks for adding on positions plus we have a drag net of over 10 currency pairs to choose from.

Here are the files, enjoy.

--- 帖子 #172 ---
BigE uses the EMA5 shift 2 as the setting basic setting for the TMS method.

This I think replaces the 5 period price channel which you'd have to waith like 4 hours for price to close above or below the channel for an entry and exit signal.

The EMA5 shift 2 also mirrors the TDI cross (i.e green crossing red) so when you see a candlestick closing above or beneath the EMA5 you should be seeing a TDI cross.

Here are the settings for the EMA5 which comes with all MT4 platforms.

Go to insert on your menu bar, select indicators, select trend and select moving averages.

Thereafter just follow the example attached.

Hope this helps.

Edit

The other EMA of note (my preference) is X-man's EMA60 this serves as an intermediate S&R level for H4 and D1 PA bounces off this level quite often on both time frames but you need to use what you are comfortable with.

Britpip7 recommends EMA55 (I think) some others EMA100 so go ahead and play with all one at a time make your observations and stick to your choice just remember the connecting link is the TDI and EMA5 represents that so you may not be able to do away with that.

--- 帖子 #173 ---
Intrepidpips

I also found your explanation helpful. Thank you.

--- 帖子 #174 ---
Please see my earlier post.

No I do not enter as soon as the XPMA changes color, that is only the final confirmation.

First TDI cross; then from where is the TDI cross coming, from 32 up or 68 down, from above 50 up or below 50 down?

Then is the currency pair ranging or trending? This you can tell from the slope of the EMA5.

The wonder of Forex is you can get all confirmations and still get faked out and stopped out so if all the considerations are met, my last line of defense would be the Xpma color change.

The attachment is the settings for the XPMA's EMA5 on a D1 chart: note the color change however I'm not taking this trade because I don't like the slope of the EMA5 and I don't think the pair EURUSD is perfectly trending.

Chew on this awhile.

--- 帖子 #175 ---
Thanks, great explanation, seems like it's just what i thought, no real set rules, it's to each ones preference. I was watching videos on someone who trades the daily chart and he uses EMA 8 Expotential Close, amd EMA 21 Expotential Close, therefore there are so many different settings that is the reason i was confused although i understand it has to match the TDI as this person was not using the TDI.

Good Luck

--- 帖子 #176 ---
I totally agree that the higher the TF the better your indicators work which will give less stress and definitely more pips.

Traders always tend to go to the lower TFs because they do not have patience. I personally think that patience and discipline is the key to the forex game. If any trader possess these qualities then you can make it big time.

Big E says that anything below the 1H TF is pure rubbish LOL

I totally agree and that made me a successful trader.

I trade the 1H TF only for E/U and the rest of the pairs i trade on higher TFs.

--- 帖子 #177 ---
EMAs can be played around with there is no set rules for emas.

Its just that you have to choose something that you as a trader is comfortable with.

Play around with the settings and then you will get a feel to it then you can tweek it to get the ema tight or loose.

--- 帖子 #178 ---
Where the TDI cross happens does not indicate UP or Down. It is the relative position of Red and Green Lines which indicate that. Am I wrong here ?

--- 帖子 #179 ---
Could anyone here give a brief explanation about all these fractals which are on Top or bottom of some candles ? How could we use them to decide about the trade ? Are there necessary ? Thanks

--- 帖子 #180 ---
Guys plz i will really appreciate it if anyone has an EMA that alerts with arrow when price closes above or below the 5EMA i think its going to be very helpful to trading this startegy...yours is very close but not exactly what i am looking for

--- 帖子 #181 ---
Thanks, that's the answer i was looking for, "there is no set rules for emas", it is more or less trial and error, the fog has been cleared.

Good Luck

--- 帖子 #182 ---
did anyone else see a good buy signal on EURUSD yesterday - so far it's not working out very well - any way that could have been avoided?

thanks!

--- 帖子 #183 ---
The way to avoid such a trade imo is to go with the trend,the trend is south and you were north.Hope this helps Tedge

--- 帖子 #184 ---
...going long is against the trend.

I've taken similar bad trades yesterday on GBP/USD (long), EURHKD (long) and USDSGD (short).

All three trades were against the trend in hindsight.

--- 帖子 #185 ---
Seen it but didn't look good to me.

1. Against strong trend.

2. Preceding HA candles were quite small.

3. Price had already stalled at previous resistance.

4. Trading right into a big round number 1.3100

--- 帖子 #186 ---
Britpip spoke about it on Post 154, and is basically the same thing willf above said

--- 帖子 #187 ---
Here is a link for the TMS thread where I was explaining this in more detail together with additional posts.

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...47#post4927047

I am planning on adding something similar into Post #1

Back test with fractals on to review entry patterns and then backtest with them removed to see if you pick the same entry points

--- 帖子 #188 ---
I have posted this elsewhere but the COT data shows big boys were adding to their shorts so not quite the time yet to buy on D.

Also when there is a turn I'd prefer to see some form of D candle formation  such as a dble bottom/higher low.

--- 帖子 #189 ---
since this is an extension of the TMS method. Britpips, I was wondering if you could inform whether eelfranz, when he does his exits waits for the candle close on the tdi flast, hook, and check mark signalr or does he get out at the live candle as the TDI is forming.

generally speaking. I am trying to fix my exits.

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #190 ---
I believe Eelfranz used to exit as the TDI was forming. I always felt this left a lot of pips on the table as the TDI could swing one way then move back in the right direction.

--- 帖子 #191 ---
Much depends on your trading style/plan.

Big E would exit as the trade pulled back and re-enter if it resumed the direction.

dcginc would set hard TP levels.

Dean Malone uses the 5SMA band to exit.

Many folks use the TDI flattening or reversing / hooking as an exit signal.

Some folks have used the 5EMA as an exit indicator where they will close if a candle closes above / below it.

I combine the hard TP levels with a TS and/or a manual exit strategy based on reversal patterns.  Currently I am managing a trade with no TP set but by moving the SL every day - see my recent posts - I am also posting daily updates on any trades that I have open.

Hope this is not too confusing, but this has to be be a personal preference based on your risk tolerance.  How many pips are you willing to give back to the market?

--- 帖子 #192 ---
thanks for your answers ealier on the EURUSD false signal - trend is your friend - lesson learned.

I am no looking at GBPCHF long entry, has the TDI cross, and long standing up trend - valid entry?

thanks

--- 帖子 #193 ---
On my platform the cross is showing as the third HA candle in a row so It's invalid. Preceding candles are also pretty small with lack of price action.

--- 帖子 #194 ---
Thanks for the heads up.

This is worth being aware of - I have subscribed to the email feed.

http://www.dailymarkets.com/commitment-of-traders/

with regards to the eu - here's another perspective on trends by adding some EMAs - 31 / 61 / 92 / 200 - no long signals, even though TDI was screaming for a long entry!  Not all TDI crosses are created equal!

--- 帖子 #195 ---
See attachment.

--- 帖子 #196 ---
?

--- 帖子 #197 ---
... I've chosen to ignore the first two blue candles since they were flat.

--- 帖子 #198 ---
Can you elaborate about the 3rd HA candle, on which would you enter?

cheers

--- 帖子 #199 ---
After the TDI has crossed you should check the HA candles have change colour accordingly and enter on the first or second candle. Please see the original TMS thread http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=291622

--- 帖子 #200 ---
You may also want to watch the resistance on this trade whether trading APB's or Candles with fractals you have no headroom on this trade.  You will be banging into resistance within 25 to 50 pips up.

--- 帖子 #201 ---
Closed / stopped out

EURHKD long -500 (equivalent to -100 @ lotsize 25000)

GBPUSD long -30

USDSGD short -50

All trades were taken against the trend, so good lesson there.

Still open

GBPNZD short +266 (open since Dec 28th, TDI and candle went flat but holding on to trade anyway)

AUDCHF long +145 (open since Jan 2nd, TDI still pointing upwards)

AUDUSD long +118 (open since Jan 2nd, TDI flattening but holding on to trade anyway)

New trades

GBPCHF long (see my previous post for screenshot explaining why I entered)

EURSGD short

CADCHF long

All trades with the trend IMO.

--- 帖子 #202 ---
The TDI cross refers to the crossing of the RSI Price Line (green) and Trade Signal Line (red) UPWARD or DOWNWARD.

In fact there is an indicator by Xhaplod which gives an arrow signal on the main chart once green crosses red.

The thread is "Indicators for TMS system"
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=294327

Happy pipping.

--- 帖子 #203 ---
Angelo see post 202 above try the link.

--- 帖子 #204 ---
Day 9 of the eur/nzd trade and SL has been moved to the upper wick high of the previous day which locks in 250pips.  Currently running at 380 pips on the TP2 trade.

TP1 closed for +290pips

--- 帖子 #205 ---
This is looking good with a reversal pattern in progress coming off of a strong support level that has withstood several attempts over the last few months and with the TDI at the 32 level..

Trading range 1100, 900, 500, 600 on each of the past 4 trade runs.

A lot depends on the current candle continuing north - looking for this to break the next resistance (blue horiz line - previous Fractal Down) which should achieve the following:

1. TDI cross from the 32 level

2. PA with enough momentum to cause the reversal pattern to confirm

3. Break through of the 5EMA

4. Unlikely to take RSI above 50 on this candle my entry point may be later - maybe a Sunday/Monday entry.

--- 帖子 #206 ---
The chart shows a direct comparison between the 3 types of candle charts.

My preference is to use the candlesticks because it instantly shows me PA / candle sizes with open and close levels.

APB and HA are both subject to averaging algorithms and to see PA you need to overlay the bar chart - just adds more noise to the charts IMO.

With regards to entry points when used in conjunction with TDI, not much to choose between them - you might see a candle delay so once again - personal preference time.

--- 帖子 #207 ---
Is someone watching EURUSD setting up for a short for tomorrow but i wont take it because of NFP coming up tomorrow...

Will this have been a perfect setup without NFP coming up?

--- 帖子 #208 ---
It's a pity NFP is coming up..

--- 帖子 #209 ---
We must watching 3rd candle in this system?It's daily chart,so that candle is not so important.

--- 帖子 #210 ---
Hi palinkasa

Even though we trade the daily chart the 3rd candle of the new trend (change in colour) is still important.  Eelfranz (the author of TMS system) explained that entering a trade on the 3rd candle, or later, might be too late and the market may reverse.  In such situations he advised that it is better to leave alone trades signals that occur on the 3rd candle or later.

In order for you to be comfortable with this rule it may be a good idea to do some back testing and see why he created this particular rule.

--- 帖子 #211 ---
On a daily chart it's rare to have a TDI cross and have more than two candles but where it does happen it will keep you out of bad trades.

There are other factors to consider when you may want to trade after two candles. For example if the preceding candles are really small and insignificant or if it's a bounce trade and moving in the direction of the existing trend.

Personally I try to keep my trading as mechanical as possible so it's rare I will take a trade outside of my rules. Once you start bending your rules to make a trade fit you will get burned.

--- 帖子 #212 ---
But isn't this trading against the trend? As per previous posts i thought the idea was not to try and catch the reversals but trade in the direction of the trend?

as always - thanks!

--- 帖子 #213 ---
I am thoroughly enjoying trading TMS on the daily chart and my live account has already experienced quite a big jump since I started this approach about a week ago (in a thin market too!).

I understand now why Eelfranz, Britpip7, X-man and others advocate trading the higher time frames (I am used to M15) and also why Eelfranz encouraged us to go purchase a wheelbarrow for all the cash we would make trading this way.

I think Eelfranz's decision to use APB or HA candles rather than the default setup is brilliant and has been a big asset to my trading.  I respect the fact that Britpip7 does not use them but they have been a big help for me.

To date using this system I have placed 6 trades with 5 winners (3 still running) and one loss (AUD/JPY long: result -28pips).

I want to share the losing trade here.  I have given my two cents worth as to why I feel the 'rocket did not leave the launch pad'. Please feel free to offer your own critique too.

In brief I now realise that there was not enough momentum on the weekly chart to keep the TDI cross on daily chart moving up.  I put too much emphasis on the weekly stochastic and not enough on price and TDI slope which lead to a loss.

--- 帖子 #214 ---
Lately both Aussie en JPY have been strong - for lack of a better word - opponents in currency pairs including them.

As a consequence AUDJPY is like watching Ali vs. Frazier: many rounds without a clear winner.

Big E definitely got fed up with expensive 4X courses with their complex trading guidelines turning out to be worthless.

Only through his selflessness we're on the road to getting wheelbarrow status.

Anyone with a job should seriously consider switching to trading TMS on the Daily.

Combining work and intraday trading is too much hassle.

--- 帖子 #215 ---
too many whipsaws over here in aud/jpy daily chart for the past week.

TMS suffers with whipsaws as do other trading methods. but a break either up or down will bring u the pips eventually if u keep going at it.

--- 帖子 #216 ---
Thank you - this was a good analysis and explanation. Much appreciated.

PS I too prefer HA candles as per Eelfranz's method.

--- 帖子 #217 ---
Weekly chart shows aj in the centre of a triangle in a downtrend, as I understand it normally means more downside to come. We'll see its not a pair I follow.

I think the above comment about 2 strong currencies fighting it out and going nowhere is bang on.

--- 帖子 #218 ---
Is a possible long on the close of the this bar after 7 hours ...?

--- 帖子 #219 ---
kijkij, I noticed the same thing about a possible long coming up on the usdcad pair. 200 ma is up,rsi is heading towards the 50 level, tdi is close to crossing on a good angle and is below the 50 level, we are having higher lows. comments from other traders welcomed

--- 帖子 #220 ---
Looks great to me..but remember tomorrow is NFP news so its not advisable to trade at all..

--- 帖子 #221 ---
EurUsd is probably going to have a short signal at the close.

--- 帖子 #222 ---
The key statement in the post was " A lot depends on the current candle continuing north - looking for this  to break the next resistance (blue horiz line - previous Fractal Down)"

PA did not continue, the candle did not close above previous Fractal (Resistance) and the 5EMA was never broken - result = no trade.

Every reversal starts off going against the trend - but you must have confirmation and for trend reversals I wait for candles to close above the entry points.  Even then, the next candle may revers, which is why you only trade the high probability entries.

--- 帖子 #223 ---
Slowly but surely I'm climbing out of the (demo)hole I fell in September last year.

I wasn't very succesful trading TMS in the lower TFs (understatement of the year).

In December I've decided to give D1 a try and now I'm grabbing those pips back the market took from me !

--- 帖子 #224 ---
Well done smatthew!

Just keep doing the same things (entries and exits), over and over - keep it simple and don't try and over complicate things.  Continue trading the same way you have been doing this past week - and the account will look after itself.

--- 帖子 #225 ---
This is I agree... Keep it simple ... avoid complicated things... works like a charm...

--- 帖子 #226 ---
Great to see trades go my way for a change.

More on this later.

--- 帖子 #227 ---
go the way with D1.

I trade euro-usd entry 1.2884.

Wich pairs you have on the radar?

Dont forget nfp on friday!

--- 帖子 #228 ---
Hi, Steve!

Very nice entry, I was thinking about it too, but TMS show bullish divergence and there was not a cross yet. But anyway still nice entry.

--- 帖子 #229 ---
thanks lost fx,

any other pairs on the radar?

gbp-usd?

--- 帖子 #230 ---
My broker have a tdi cross!

I have make a pending order.

--- 帖子 #231 ---
Aud-USD . short

usd-cad long!

guys what you mean?

--- 帖子 #232 ---
usdchf

--- 帖子 #233 ---
usdchf

--- 帖子 #234 ---
GBPUSD looks promising too. Maybe put  a pending sell order below today's LOW?

Lost

--- 帖子 #235 ---
Looks good but be carefull, you have there double top.

It might bounce before coming thru the resistance.

Put a pending buy above the previous top.

Lost

--- 帖子 #236 ---
two disaster entries following TMS cross on daily charts with

GBPUSD long on second candle after cross

EURUSD long on cross candle

lost 70 pips on each

--- 帖子 #237 ---
Hi, Nacho!

Looking at your charts, you are going against major trend.

Even TMS oscilator MTF is showing you that higher TF is in donwtrend (MN) or ranging (W1).

--- 帖子 #238 ---
I've hit my head by going long on GU earlier this week.

EU same story, except I didn't take that cross up.

Check my previous posts on EURHKD and two other failed trades.

Same exact situation: trading against the trend

--- 帖子 #239 ---
thank you smatthew and lostfx,

as for eurusd yeah, I was definetely going against the trend...but gbpusd? it was the fourth consecutive blue candle, I thought it could start climbing up...

--- 帖子 #240 ---
It clearly shows where I went wrong:
http://www.forexfactory.com/attachme...1&d=1325632173

--- 帖子 #241 ---
If you look at your chart, the red candle down (before it started to climb up) made a new lower low. However your 4 consequtive blue candles didn't make higher high. The last blue candle (from those 4) actually formed lower high and then headed back south, which is perfectly alligned with major down trend.

--- 帖子 #242 ---
Closed / stopped out

GBPNZD short +200 (stopped out on big pullback)

AUDUSD long +50 (closed since trade started to bleed too many pips)

GBPCHF long +50 (closed because of TDI flattening and new candle is smaller)

CADCHF long +40 (closed because of TDI flattening and new candle is smaller)

AUDCHF long +160 (closed because of TDI flattening and new candle is smaller)

I've learned to trust the TDI and candle sizes when it comes to exits.

I'd rather exit with pips and reenter later than end with no pips at all.

Still open

EURSGD +140 (keeping this open since downtrend appears to be strong -> TDI sloping downwards and big candle, will move stop up tomorrow before NFP)

--- 帖子 #243 ---
Very nice sell setup on this three pairs AUDUSD, EURUSD AND LONG ON USDCAD but juts like i said yesterday, its a no trade day for me cos of the NFP coming up later in the day..

confirmation of the setups plz

--- 帖子 #244 ---
But AU previous bar did not close below 5EMA and on EU its 3rd bar so little confuse about these trades but UCAD is a good setup if NFP comes out good

--- 帖子 #245 ---
Lots of reversal set ups occurring tonight.

Non Farm Payroll tomorrow, so be careful.  I am not entering any new trades tonight - Oh but it is so tempting!  Patience grasshopper - if the moves continue through Friday, then I will look for entries.

Current set-ups

eu new tdi cross plus fractal break

gu new tdi cross but ranging - needs to break the range

au / aj / nzu fresh tdi - pa sitting on 200ema, so needs to develop more momentum

ea taking a pause - may be a new entry point setting up

ga new tdi but no real angle - needs more pa

gnz / enz are taking a pause - possible re-entry if the trend continues

ej trend continuing

gj bouncing along strong support level

ucad nice tdi cross - possible entry at 1.0224 - break of previous candle

auch trend continues

uch trend running into resistance - approaching parity

chj bouncing along support levels

--- 帖子 #246 ---
eur/nzd trade still running after 8 days

SL moved again to previous day's high and now has 340 pips locked in.

TP1 closed out at 290 pips, so a minimum of 630 pips so far for TP1 and TP2.

This pair is having a well earned rest and may move again on NFP if the Euro comes under pressure, so time to sit tight, watch and trust in the SL.

I will leave this open for the weekend if the SL holds.

Since Nov 25th, this pair has run for 1,500 pips with multiple entry / re-entry points.  This is a good pattern to learn for future trend runs.

--- 帖子 #247 ---
Hi Kijkij

According to Eelfranz (author of the original TMS method) price closing below the 5EMA is NOT a rule for entry.  He used the 5EMA simply as a guide for current trend only.

--- 帖子 #248 ---
EU still running lower and I missed a perfect set-up.  Too distracted this week with other stuff!

Jan 3rd - good size candle breaks north of the 5ema - not an entry

Jan 4th - engulfing bear candle is the set up candle for short entry off of the candle low with the tdi cross OR you could take the Fractal Low Break.

Either was you look at it - a good entry position.

--- 帖子 #249 ---
Is there such a thing as a perfect set up?

My ideal scenario would be the following for long entries.

PA moves with ATR(1) at 75% or higher of ATR(7)

RSI moving above 50

TDI cross within the last 2 or 3 candles

5EMA broken to the upside

The chart is showing this with vertical lines for the set-up candles for my trading plan - blue for long, yellow for short.  The signal candle means that I will take the break of the signal candle H/L as the entry point on the next candle.

--- 帖子 #250 ---
i think we are confusing each other , When BIG.E said we should take trades at 1st or 2nd and avoid the 3rd. Was he referring to the candles after  the TDI cross or after the Bars change colour

--- 帖子 #251 ---
Hi angelo5uk

The APB / HA candles typically lead and warn of a trend change earlier than the TDI cross.  So often, not always, you will see the candles change colour before the TDI crosses in the same direction as the candles of the new colour.

If the TDI cross happens on candle 1 or 2 of the fresh colour candles (trend change ABP / HA candles) then it is valid.

--- 帖子 #252 ---
Most better is when TDI cross on 1st or 2nd APB bar but you can enter a trade if other factors convincing you as Britpip7 explained above for fractel break.

--- 帖子 #253 ---
Britpip7 Good lesson here. Thanks

--- 帖子 #254 ---
AU -> lack of PA (small candles)

EU -> good setup but skipped due to NFP

USDCAD -> IMO the situation looks like a bullish pennant
http://babypips.cachefly.net/school/...nant-after.png

(http://www.babypips.com/school/pennants.html)

Let's see how this one pans out.

Looking forward to bounce down on ga, gnz and enz.

I was in ej short but bailed out at TDI cross up.

Great trade

Sure TDI went flat, but PA is still pointing downwards.

Good call to stay in the trade, even though NFP is an hour away.

If it weren't for NFP, I'd have entered this not earlier than 15 hours ago at the start of the new candle (which is at 23:00 GMT+1 for me).

Does this coincide with your entry moment?

--- 帖子 #255 ---
My EURSGD short got a 70 pip boost thanks to NFP

Looked as if Hasselhoff pushed the turbo button in Kit

--- 帖子 #256 ---
Congrates, but how you manage these too many trades...?

--- 帖子 #257 ---
Guess NFP ruined it for us cos EURUSD and USDCAD are moving as planned.....hope to get a bounce next week for re-entry

--- 帖子 #258 ---
Took a few trades last night, first of 2012

CHFJPY 80.94 TP1=80.24

EURJPY 98.63 TP1=97.87

EURUSD 1.2787 TP1=1.2672

Once they reach the first TP I will move them to break even and see how it goes.

CHFJPY & EURJPY were both bounce trades. Stochs never confirmed but the more I look at the stochs the more irrelevant they seem so I may drop them soon.

There were other TDI crosses on CADJPY and USDCHF but the preceding price action was flat so I skipped them.

--- 帖子 #259 ---
There are two screenshots: the first shows 30 mins. before NFP, the second 30 mins. after. The lopleft corners of each picture show my EURSGD trade which is currently the only trade I have open.

Last night I've closed a bunch of trades (mostly xxx / CHF) for reasons I've explained in one of my previous posts.

However, I've kept the charts of those pairs open, just to see where price would go. This way I could verify the validity of my exit strategy.

It turns out the exits were correct, since price either stalled or went the other way.

Big E explained that flattening or checkmark reversals in the TDI, along with candles getting smaller, indicate possible exit points.

I'm deliberately using the word "possible" here, since Britpip7's EURNZD short proves that a flat TDI, a smaller candle (and NFP coming up) doesn't have to mean that one should exit the trade.

By the way, I've recently started to use 100 pip trailing stops to manage the trades.

--- 帖子 #260 ---
NFP is a huge market mover and taking trades right before would normally be considered suicidal

Thankfully you're in the green on all three trades.

I'd think you could have taken the two bounce trades a candle earlier though.

Stochs: Dropped them a month ago. Same applies to EMA5. Clutters up the charts without having any real effect on the decision making process.

--- 帖子 #261 ---
I never took NFP or any news into account when back testing so it seems silly to do it now. News moves the market in the long run so I see that as a positive thing. If I traded 15m time frames it may be a different story but it has never caused me a problem on 4H and daily.

If I had taken the bounce trades a day earlier then CHFJPY TDI would have been flat and EURJPY would have been pointing in the wrong direction. May look different on your brokers platform though. My brokers daily bar closes at 11.00pm GMT.

--- 帖子 #262 ---
Not on the NFP, since I'd personally think twice upon entering a trade with that beast being the next news event on the calendar .

Keeping existing trades open or not is a different story (e.g. my EURSGD short).

You're right about the bounce entries though. The Wednesday candles were flat indeed.

I've misinterpreted my charts. So yours were good entries which I'd probably have taken as well if not for the NFP.

--- 帖子 #263 ---
The stochs doesnt seem to help much i dropped it a while back

--- 帖子 #264 ---
aud-usd open

usd-cad buy  1.2010

usd-jpy  buy 77.288

Any pairs on the radar?

--- 帖子 #265 ---
Ok so i took two trades yesterday

Eur/Usd +68

Usd/jap -32.5

On the euro trade It looked like a good angle and candle.Also a strong down trend.I was kinda hesitant becasue of it being a below the 50 line cross but the downtrend looks really strong.Like at the very least it has a few more candles.

On the Usd/jap Trade the cross looked to be heading upwards pretty strongly plus it appeared to be getting good support at the 76.588 line.Maybe i was wrong though lol.Im gonna see what happens later.

--- 帖子 #266 ---
Wilf

I came to the same conclusion some time ago on stochs

--- 帖子 #267 ---
Great polnt _ neither did I, but I let it influence my thought process.  Thanks for the sanity check and clarification.

I love these exchanges with so many learning opportunites

--- 帖子 #268 ---
been doing a quick bit of back testing on the EU this morning. im confident with the TDI entries, i just find money management my problem from having a profitable trade turn against me (which does happen i know, part of the game), but mainly R:R.

been testing 2xATR(7) for s/l but noticed some times stops would be 400pips+. However, from my back testing, the stops have never been taken out straight away, so what i have been doing is choosing either 2xATR(7) or previous High/low, which ever is smaller, then manually moving my SL to high of previous candle (short) or low of previous candle (long), with my TP1 at 2xATR(7)- i close half, keep rest in with SL @ 'x'+pips.

out of the last 10 trades i have taken on EU from backtesting, i have had a success rate of 70% out of ONLY 10 trades- please dont take this for granted! (was just a quick back test.more testing required) with pips of 1063. i manually closed the trades which went against me from reading TDI and reversal candle strength. i did not enter Bounce trades, as i PERSONALLY, didnt find them worth the risk, when i did, i lost pips.

i would love it if someone with more experience could give me some comments on my MM or share theirs. i have read about people using trailing stops, i will test that out on forward testing(demo).

many thanks

mark

--- 帖子 #269 ---
I think Britpip7 is using a combination of many things like SL: 2xATR(7), S/R, manual stop, and TS:100.

--- 帖子 #270 ---
Hi smatthew could you let me know where I can download the Polynomial Regression Channel  for MT4? I tried finding it on google but nothing looks relaible? Thanks o much

--- 帖子 #271 ---
This is for MT4: http://codebase.mql4.com/download/10880

--- 帖子 #272 ---
Great thread Brit.

How many different pairs are you trading and MM vise, what is your risk % per trade?

Thanks

PC

--- 帖子 #273 ---
kijkij  thank!

Is anyone seeing GBPUSD as a sell?

-TDI coss on 2nd candle

- existing downtend, going with the tend

Pls share the set ups you ae seeing fo Monday open?

thanks

--- 帖子 #274 ---
How about the strong resistance around 1.542? Since Sep it's bounced back 4 times.

--- 帖子 #275 ---
I suggest using the BP "Position Calculator" in the Tools tab.  Plug in the SL & Risk % and it will give you the position size.  I have it in my Favorites tab but I now know pretty much what the 3 Amigos need for position size so I don't need it for them but I do use it for other possible trades.

Hope I'm not pointing out the obvious that you may be already be familiar with - piprac

--- 帖子 #276 ---
Hi Nemke,when considering a trade one has got to think about where is the next support /resistance,if you look at your chart (cable) one can see a ton of support around  1.54/53 zone.Hope this helps Tedge

--- 帖子 #277 ---
I am trading 15 pairs as per screenshot on Post #1

For MM typically 5% of reserve and this is sort of based on my trading accuracy and pips win/lose ratios.  If I get a loss I instantly reduce my stake on the next trades until the account recovers and then back to 5%.

This will make a difference on your lot sizes when you are trading the higher ATR(7) values such as the eur/ and gbp with nzd for example.

Risk:Reward - per my recent posts and using the TP1 and TP2 approach a minimum of 1:1

--- 帖子 #278 ---
Correct - trading is dynamic and although I would love it if I could place and forget, there is daily trade management / maintenance required per my previous posts - especially on my eur/nzd trade which is still running - now 10 days in and the TP2 trade is currently at +520pips with TP1 closed at +290pips

--- 帖子 #279 ---
Mark - great to see you not taking for granted the methods / approaches here.  Backtesting is the only way to go and I have spent 100s of hours doing so - in fact I will probably need a new F12 key soon .

With my backtesting, the 2XATR(7) SL was rarely taken out, although when a trade stalls out, this will usually kill off all of your original entry signals/criteria - it is then down to what you see with the candle patterns and current TDI.  Don't hold a trade that has stalled out and then be surprised when it moves against you - ask me how I know that!

Perservere with back testing - it is a great teacher if you take ime to study the patterns and what each new candle is telling you.  I always swith off the Fractals as they influence your decisions too much with historic charts.

--- 帖子 #280 ---
Here is another link to an article on the euro shorts - fundamentals supporing the charts - will we see an ECB intervention soon?

http://www.zerohedge.com/article/cot...pisode-history

--- 帖子 #281 ---
Thanks a lot Brit

Are you sometimes adding to a good run, (like the EURNZD) or do you just stick with the original trade?

Thx again

PC

--- 帖子 #282 ---
To take this point a little further: i get the impression that you may sometimes have more than one trade open at the same time although please correct me on this if i'm wrong.

I am wondering what your approach is to new trades as regards MM if 5% of equity is already committed and a trade still running. Does this require that you wait till a trade has run its course and closed before you open another one to avoid risking more than 5%?

Hard to resist a perfect new set up when you see it if even if you have a trade running and equity committed to that one.

--- 帖子 #283 ---
And that gets you into the "overtrading" discussion.

I will occassionally have more than one trade open and this is where I will invoke the ire of the MM gurus.  I'll run with 5% risk per open trade,

Typically I'll wait until an initial trade has hit a TP1 level before a new trade is opened if it meets the criteria.

More typically I am looking to run with a single pair and look for re-entry / add-on positions, limiting the risk. - refer to some og the training charts for this approach.

--- 帖子 #284 ---
Add-ons are one of my favorites - not picked up any on the eur/nzd trade as yet and this run is getting long in the tooth for add-ons - some of my training charts show this approach better.

--- 帖子 #285 ---
Piprac:  I'm looking for the calculator.  Where is the  "Tools" tab?

--- 帖子 #286 ---
At the top of the BP page, 5th tab from the left.

edit: "BP" means Baby Pips, the other very useful forum.  Most brokers offer it too.

--- 帖子 #287 ---
Post # 1 updated

Entires and Exits

--- 帖子 #288 ---
Hi peeps,

Am looking at possible trades for next week.  Based on my interpretation of Post #1 update, I see USD/CAD long; AUD/NZD short; AUD/USD short; AUD/JPY short (pending); USD/CHF long; and GBP/JPY short.

Time will tell, of course.

Have a good 'un, eh

Leona

--- 帖子 #289 ---
Hi Leona

I have two of yours on my list and others as follows:

AUD/NZD - short.  Tentative entry for me.  Market is turning short (major trend) but not completely there yet.  Still, trade has good chance of working.

EUR/CHF - short.  Pending TDI cross on daily.  Weekly confirms major trend is down.

GBP/AUD - short.  Pending TDI bounce on daily.  Weekly confirms major trend is down.

GBP/NZD - short.  Pending TDI bounce on daily.  Weekly confirms major trend is down.

GBP/JPY - short.  Pending TDI cross on daily.  Weekly confirms major trend is down.

3 trades involve GBP and two trades are almost mirror images (Aussie and Kiwi moving the same way against the Pound).

So I will only take 3 entries from the above 5 (if they all signal an entry) and drop either GBP/AUD or GBP/NZD and just watch AUD/NZD to learn from it.

--- 帖子 #290 ---
You are forgetting SNB and its commitment to the minimum exchange rate of CHF 1.20 per euro.

There's a major resistance around 1.5.

--- 帖子 #291 ---
Well I have lots of crosses on my platform :

AUDPY AUDNZD AUDUSD

GBPJPY GBPUSD NZDJPY

NZDUSD USDCAD USDJPY

I have been tinkering all weekend and making a few adjustments. For starters I have got rid of the stochastics. Eelfranz never used them as overbought/oversold but more as an indication of direction. This may work well on 4h & 1h times but I find them pretty useless on daily and too unreliable to base a trade decision on.

Secondly I have gone back to basing take profit areas on ATR. This is something I used to use a year or so ago and worked well. Britpip reminded me how good this was and I only dropped it previously because I was following longer trends. I will still use previous support/resistance as the initial stop but this is a worst case scenario area. I would probably never let a trade go that far against me. First TP area will be 1xATR(20) and then move the trade to BE. Exits after that will be based on candle formation and how near price is pulling back to the 5EMA.

Thirdly I have changed back to standard candles but have put HA candles in a separate window. I like the idea of HA candles and I see what Eelfranz was trying to get at but you do get a better sense of price action with standard candles. Interestingly I have noticed some discrepancies with HA candles. It's not unusual for HA candles to be indicating a short trade but the standard candle is obviously bullish and vice versa. Having both available gives a better picture. I will still probably follow the 2 candle rule though (although perhaps not so rigidly).

Fourthly (phew) I have freshened up my platform and made it brighter. Was fed up looking at black, red & green

I will post some more on the TDI crosses later. It's Sunday afternoon here in the UK and it's time for some roast beef

--- 帖子 #292 ---
Hi Verbal

Thanks for the 'heads up' on both pairs.

--- 帖子 #293 ---
Hi Willf,

Care to share your indies and tpl? I'm specially interested in ATR and the way it's displayed.

--- 帖子 #294 ---
Hi

Good to know we are on the somewhat same page, trade wise.

I am also watching USD/JPY, am seeing a good trade on the 4 HR and that could translate to daily.

At any rate, not much longer to wait, right?

Cheers

Leona

--- 帖子 #295 ---
I thought I would post something I learned from a seasoned trader long ago regarding money management -- it has held me in good standing, and stopped the blow out of my account MANY a time

For my trades, I trade 3% of my account at any time, until 3 trades in a row are winners.

I then increase to 4.5% of my account.

One loss reverts to 3%.

Two losses reverts to 1.5%.

Three or more go to 1% of account and stay there until you figure out what you were missing.

Once you have achieved 2 wins in row again, go to 3% of your account.

Hope this helps

Leona

--- 帖子 #296 ---
Hi, thanks for this ^^^^ I got rid of stochs as well, I see you're in the UK too.

New daily candles on my platform start at 12 midnight and i wondered if that is the same for you and whether you are waiting until that time to place new trades?

thanks

--- 帖子 #297 ---
The ATR is displayed as just a number in the top left of the screen. It's called ATR Pips. File attached.

--- 帖子 #298 ---
My broker is Alpari and they are on European time so I get a new daily candle at 11.00pm GMT.

--- 帖子 #299 ---
You can drag the ATR from the indicator list into the TDI window and then select the Color as None.  Select the # of periods you like and then OK, the ATR # will appear at the end of the TDI info line in the upper R. hand corner of that window.

--- 帖子 #300 ---
Post #1 has screenshots and indis and template

--- 帖子 #301 ---
I have had a major computer crash and am working on a different system so unable to look at my MT4 charts right now - this also means no trading or updates on my eur/nzd trade

I am adding everything on to two other computers so when I am back up and running on MT4 I'll let you know

--- 帖子 #302 ---
Hi Leona

I like it!  I have always just used a straight 2.5% and will adopt your approach from now on.  Thank you.

--- 帖子 #303 ---
For my trades, I trade 3% of my account at any time, until 3 trades in a row are winners.
I then increase to 4.5% of my account.
One loss reverts to 3%.
Two losses reverts to 1.5%.
Three or more go to 1% of account and stay there until you figure out what you were missing.
Once you have achieved 2 wins in row again, go to 3% of your account.

Hope this helps
Leona[/quote]

Very nicely explained - quite similar to my approach - worth adding as a concept to post # 1

--- 帖子 #304 ---
Thanks Willif, Piprac and Britpip7.

I have noticed my HA candles look a little different than posts I see here. Is this caused by the broker? I have the original Synergy_APB from "Trading Made Simple" forum.

--- 帖子 #305 ---
As a brief overview - Heikin Ashi were created to average out the candlesticks so that the response time was slowed down and reduced false signals. The Synergy APB were deleveped to increase the responsiveness of HA for forex markets.

http://www.forexfactory.com/attachme...1&d=1325743772

As far as the mathematics behind the algorithms:

Courtesy of Xaphod:

The bar close value is calculated differently:

Heikin Ashi:

Code:

haClose=(Open[pos]+High[pos]+Low[pos]+Close[pos])/4;

Average price bars

Code:

haClose = (Open[i] + High[i] + Low[i] + Close[i]) / 4.0; haClose = (haClose + Close[i]) / 2.0;

--- 帖子 #306 ---
Hi everyone and grats for this thread,

Is anyone here trading the daily TMS method using the classic indis/template proposed by BIG E in TMS thread?

Heiken Ashi  + yellow MA

TDI (red,green)

Stoch 8,3,3

Cheers S

--- 帖子 #307 ---
TDI is being used along with a combination of candlesticks / APB / HA depending on individual preference

5EMA is in place

Stochs were never used much by Big E so most of us have dropped them.

Refer to post #1

--- 帖子 #308 ---
Thanks Brit for your fast answer!

--- 帖子 #309 ---
Hello there,

On this pair i analyzed the two TMS charts we have until now, one from britpip7 and one from wilf. With HA bars the last candle clearly closed below 5EMA but with clasic candles, not. Any ideas? I also like more the clasic candles for PA.

--- 帖子 #310 ---
Your welcome, it has served me well

--- 帖子 #311 ---
I'm set up the same as Big E. No extra indicators. I have the Stoch on but I don't pay much attention to it.

--- 帖子 #312 ---
Stick with what works for you and backtest the rest before using it.

--- 帖子 #313 ---
I'm sorry but what's the meaning of using candle reversal patterns with regular candlesticks if we are using heiken ashi bars so called synergy bars?

My point is that if we have different settings when forming a candle we should study different patterns.

Tell me I'm wrong please.

Thanks for sharing your method BTW

Regards

--- 帖子 #314 ---
AUDJPY - No trade on this one. Stuck in a tight range and the previous two crosses were losers.

AUDNZD - Same story again but with flat price action and flat EMA and resistance at 1.3050

AUDUSD - Initially I thought this looked quite good but now looking not so sure. Looks like a pull back to a trend line. If the candle was bigger and closed the other side of the EMA I would have had a go.

GBPJPY - Technically this is a cross of the TDI but the previous long never went anywhere so I am going to call this more of a bounce trade. Price has pushed passed the resistance at 119.25 area, good size candle, right side of the EMA and with the trend.

GBPUSD - Good TDI cross but price has reached this area three times before and failed. Trading in quite a large range but not enough to be traded on a daily time frame in my opinion.

NZDJPY - Looks like exactly like the AUDJPY cross so no trade for same reasons.

NZDUSD - Funnily enough looks like the same setup as AUDUSD. Possible pullback to a trendline so trade skipped for same reasons.

USDCAD - Looks good. Good size candle, broke past the EMA. Need to watch for resistance at 1.0400.

USDJPY - If you look at this with HA candles it looks like a really good move. But with standard candles it's obvious that the candle giving the signal is bearish and it's closed the wrong side of the EMA.

So out of 9 crosses there are what I consider 2 good setups. AUD and NZD crosses seem to be consolidating somewhat. Maybe we will seem some bigger moves in the week from these.

I will update the SL & TP for GBPJPY & USDCAD later when the market opens.

--- 帖子 #315 ---
Couldn't fit all the attachments to last post

--- 帖子 #316 ---
Mentioned by several others as a trade with potential.

--- 帖子 #317 ---
Update on these trades.

CHFJPY First TP hit for +70 pips. Trade moved to break even.

EURJPY First TP hit for +113 pips. Trade moved to break even.

EURUSD First TP hit for +115 pips. Trade moved to break even.

--- 帖子 #318 ---
GBPJPY 118.37 TP1=117.53

USDCAD 1.0294 TP1=1.0375

Quite a few gaps on my platform on opening. But these worked out well for my other trades.

--- 帖子 #319 ---
Nice tip my ATR label keeps getting covered by other stuff.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #320 ---
Try using the stochastic at 10,2,5 on the daily

--- 帖子 #321 ---
I thought the AUD/USD cross looked pretty good also and went in on the next open. I was wondering about the  supposed pull back to the trend line you mentioned.  It seems like  possible support at 1.0160 is more of a consolidation point, that has, at least for the last 3 or 4 months, always eventually been crossed (whether continuing up or down).  I hope that made sense.  Am i looking at this wrong?  Should I be looking more short term?

--- 帖子 #322 ---
Finally got back into my account but chart templates and indicators not yet set up - please excuse the lack of TDI, etc.

Entry was on 12/28 and TP1 closed at 290pips.

Manual trade management continues and SL moved again to previous day high (not counting Sunday!)

Currently 400 pips locked in with current trade for TP2 @ +530

Major support approaching which will also be a historic low @1.6202 - time to think about closing this one and looking for new entires.

--- 帖子 #323 ---
look at gbd-aud,

what you mean guys?

--- 帖子 #324 ---
I think perfect short signal according to new entry rules...?

EMA(5) crossed, TDI crossed, ATR(1) more than 100% more than ATR(7), RSI(10) under 50 level, next support is also more than 100 pips

--- 帖子 #325 ---
Most people seem to be saying the stochastic is not much use on the D1 trades.

Do you think these settings make it more useful?

--- 帖子 #326 ---
I would argue that we're currently sitting on and/or near to very major support ... if you go left along your chart you'll see a huge number of fractals around the current price ... my position is wait until that support is broken ...

... granted, it does appear to be consolidating so a breakout may be imminent ... but it's a riskier trade than how it appears at first (in my opinion) ...

--- 帖子 #327 ---
I's sorry if this is like drawing us back, I've gone again to post #1 and I must admit I'm not too sure how to use the ATR 7 indy, I need some 411 on how to use it.

I'm having some personal challenges of PATIENCE, I entered a trade CADJPY (sell)  and after 2 days in -ve pips territory, I closed the  trade with -3.1 pips only to find that the pair is going down.

Do we need a new thread on PATIENCE and PSYCHOLOGY?

Voted 5 stars.

Intrepid.

--- 帖子 #328 ---
Are you meaning the technicals of how to use it in MT4 ...

OR are you meaning how to use it for setting stop losses etc?

--- 帖子 #329 ---
May i know how to set the  ATR(7) liked your chart that showed on the left of the top? Thanks!

--- 帖子 #330 ---
Download "ATR Pips UL Corner" indicator from first post. Add this indi to any chart with period 7.

--- 帖子 #331 ---
Attached File(s)   ATR Pips UL corner.ex4

3 KB
|
590 downloads

Put this file into the folder with MT4's indicators and enjoy.

--- 帖子 #332 ---
I dont really use this indicator( ATR Pips) but will like to know its importance

--- 帖子 #333 ---
Nothing much. You can just see the avg. true range in pips of your desired period.

--- 帖子 #334 ---
Just now .couldn't found it from first post ,thought re-post to ask the detail ,but after finished other things came back to computer found FoxTraderGBP http://www.forexfactory.com/images/s...ser_online.gif

Member
FoxTraderGBP http://www.forexfactory.com/images/s...ser_online.gif

Member
FoxTraderGBP http://www.forexfactory.com/images/s...ser_online.gif

Member

FoxTraderGBP http://www.forexfactory.com/images/s...ser_online.gif

Member
FoxTraderGBP http://www.forexfactory.com/images/s...ser_online.gif

Member

FoxtraderGDP posted the indicator. FoxtraderGDP ,thanks for post the indicator. Already download to my chart .

--- 帖子 #335 ---
Sorry ! so many FoxtraderGDP  appear ,paste one time FoxTraderGBP http://www.forexfactory.com/images/s...ser_online.gif to the post didn't appear anything ,paste the other few time still not appear ,than type it but when post it become liked this.

--- 帖子 #336 ---
aud-nzd short.

any guy have a another pair ?

--- 帖子 #337 ---
If it breaks support at 13000 could go down to the next level. For me would have been one to get on 12 hours ago (UK time)

--- 帖子 #338 ---
Is back testing really the same? I think repainting indies make a huge difference here between back testing and live trading.

--- 帖子 #339 ---
Back testing is the only way that you will learn the patterns that work for the high probability trades

The only indicator on my charts that re-paints after candle close is the Fractals which is why I remove them for back testing

--- 帖子 #340 ---
From Xaphod's thread - Indicators for the 'Trading Made Simple' system

Here is the link to the attachments which will have everything you need for TMS - this has been added to Post #1

http://www.forexfactory.com/misc.php...ments&t=294327

--- 帖子 #341 ---
CHFJPY Second lot was stopped out at break even. Total for this trade was +70 pips.

EURJPY & EURUSD are still in play even though they have retraced a little.

--- 帖子 #342 ---
70 pips is   good, hope e/u go short.

--- 帖子 #343 ---
Update on trades:

EUR/CHF - decided to stay out due to reserve bank intervention @ 1.2 - thanks Verbal.

GBP/AUD - decided to stay out due to support levels.  (Would be +50 pips now but battling against support at 1.5100)

GBP/NZD - entry 1.9763 currently +115 pips. Stop is at B/E.

GBP/JPY - entry 118.60 - closed for +1.  Note to self - listen to the indicators...(divergence on daily stochs). Don't take unnecessary risky trades - no need to!  Trade has battled all day and I did not like the way it moved - normally the trades I have selected start moving after the first few hours.  I will watch carefully to see if I am wrong about divergence - the major trend is still short.

Have been watching AUD/NZD - moving down slowly...

--- 帖子 #344 ---
aud-nzd on my watchlist too.

--- 帖子 #345 ---
audnzd weekly...any one?

--- 帖子 #346 ---
Currently AUDNZD appears to be the only trade option that may actually come back with pips.

Hopefully this one will be better than yesterday's GBPJPY short (currently at -34).

--- 帖子 #347 ---
I went long on the USD/CAD last night following the first bar for the week.  Currently down $43 (fortunately on my demo account).

I've set stop loss at 100 pips and take profit at 1.0400.

What do you guys think of the trade? Everything seemed good, no resistance bars within 100 pips, green crossing above red and stochs on the way up:

http://i49.photobucket.com/albums/f2...wal/usdcad.jpg

--- 帖子 #348 ---
I'm watching NZDUSD daily. TDI is about to cross and the both green and red are heading up. There's red news coming up in an hour but it's going to be before the new candle.

--- 帖子 #349 ---
I was also with this trade but pulled the plug....... although perhaps prematurely,I have placed a buy order above today's high

--- 帖子 #350 ---
I am still in this although it's currently down 60 pips. Trade still looks good to me. TDI is still in right direction and price well above the EMA. I will be holding for a little while yet.

--- 帖子 #351 ---
Took that trade as well at 1.0250. I bailed out this morning after a 60 pip retrace. Decided to keep some profit and wait for re-entry or reversal. It looked real good to me as well but as we all know, they don't all work out as planned.

--- 帖子 #352 ---
Right direction? The green line is completely hooked.

I guess the dilemma is to wait until the next candle or close it as soon as it gets flat.

--- 帖子 #353 ---
I only have two crosses today but won't be trading either.

CADCHF - Hasn't broke the EMA and against a fairly strong trend.

EURCHF - Major resistance and given the SNB's stance to keep it above 1.20 well left alone.

--- 帖子 #354 ---
Not hooked on mine? Still pointing up so still valid.

--- 帖子 #355 ---
My chart with your template:

--- 帖子 #356 ---
Can only assume this is because your brokers new bar starts at a different time.

Looks like you may have had a TDI cross 1 day before me too?

--- 帖子 #357 ---
Here is something I recently read on another thread:

You should classify any contemplated trade into one of the following five categories before putting on a position:
a. Entrance into congestion
b. A trade within a congestion
c. A breakout from a congestion area
d. A trend run
e. Trend reversal

The trader will have difficulty in formulating a successful and intelligent risk/reward (entry/exit) plan unless the trade is properly categorized before the trade is taken. The risk/reward parameters are different for each of the five types of trades.

--- 帖子 #358 ---
-------------------------------------------------------------------------

Firstly, my sincere thanks and heartfelt gratefulness to Big "E", X-man and Britpip who so generously offered these Simple and Trader-friendly systems to all without any selfish motive.  The three related and complimentry threads have shown a great path and have given great guidance to ordinary new traders.  I personally can now see a bright light after having wandered in Forex trading purgatory for quite a few years.

Now, to the Trading :

USDCAD - BUY -  Upon stall and retracement, closed both trades, one for 60 pips, other one for 22 pips.

GBPJPY - SELL -  Both trades still open, each in negative by about 30 pips.  Will keep on monitoring on daily basis.

No new trade today.

Watch List for potential Set-ups in coming days :

1.  AUDNZD  -  BUY

2.  AUDJPY  -  SELL

3.  AUDCAD  -  SELL

4.  NZDUSD  -  SELL

5.  NZDCHF  -  SELL

6.  EURNZD  -  BUY

Kindly peruse each pair and comment for everyone's enlightenment.

Wishing everyone a happy and prosperous New Year.

--- 帖子 #359 ---
Well, I guess you all must be bored to tears by the continuing updates on this trade.

Entered on 12/28 with TP1 closing out for +290pips

Manually managing TP2 to the high of each previous day with currently +700pips and 600 protected with the SL.

This pair has broken the previos support and could now be in free fall with no support levels as we are past the historic low since at least Aug 2008.

--- 帖子 #360 ---
Hi Brit,

That's an awesome trade ...long swing trade!

TMS on D1 chart trading is good for swing traders.

You caught a 'falling knife' right from the top.

The bottom is no where to be seen.

Question is: How do one try catch a falling knife without getting hurt?

I think we need a TMS D1 version to catch entry for such situation.

BTW, I like your trade management mioving stops to previous day high in this sell trade. Maximise the profit ..."Let profit run..."

Good journey down for this one.

regards

ET

--- 帖子 #361 ---
I went long on the NZDUSD 7 hours ago and it's up 60 pips so far. see post 348

--- 帖子 #362 ---
Anyone going long A/U?

--- 帖子 #363 ---
Rule #1 - never attempt to catch a falling knife!

This trade was perfectly set up with the 1st pause and then the 2nd pause and this is one of my favourite patterns to trade.  This pattern repeats on many of the reversal trades, so if you miss the initial move, there is often a set-up for a second / third push.  TDI will show a bounce, but once your tdi moves below 32, not much in the way of signals unless it breaks the lower band - hence my approach with TDI + Fractals.

From my original screenshots on this, everything was saying short, so the trigger point was the Fractal Low at 1.6821.

Apologies for the chart without TDI-Hist and Watchdog - laptop still broke and my backup system does not have all the indis loaded!

--- 帖子 #364 ---
Good trade - this is one on my list for long

--- 帖子 #365 ---
Nope - needs to break the current range before entering

--- 帖子 #366 ---
do you mean break past the prev. high of 1.3250? or some other level?

--- 帖子 #367 ---
Next resistance looks to be 1.0385 - I am waiting for a close above that.

the weekly has been setting lower highs, so this may not run too far - look to set inital TP1 @ 1Xatr(7) and maybe ride TP2 if it runs.

--- 帖子 #368 ---
GBP/NZD trade still running - now 26 hours old.  Currently +262 pips.  Stop locked at +100.

This morning the only trade on my radar was NZD/USD (long) - have not entered yet as it has already run up quite hard and I expect a pull back. Verbal's entry was very good 7 hours ago.

Will review later.

--- 帖子 #369 ---
Are people entering trades as the TDI crosses or something? I have a cross on NZDUSD but the bar is only 9 hours old!

--- 帖子 #370 ---
EURUSD Second lot stopped out at break even. Total for this trade was +115 pips.

EURJPY is still in play. Second lot hovering around the +50 pip area.

--- 帖子 #371 ---
Possible coming entries at the end of current bar:

UCAD: Short

AUDJPY: Long

--- 帖子 #372 ---
i wait of the next candle,

on aud-jpy i am not shure!

--- 帖子 #373 ---
Possibly a EURAUD bounce trade?

Graham

--- 帖子 #374 ---
My Likely setups for tomorrows trade..AUDUSD, USDCAD and AUDJPY...who is can confirm plz?

--- 帖子 #375 ---
Trade now 38 hours old.

GBP/NZD - entry 1.9763.  Current profit is +252 pips.  Stop moved down to lock in +145 pips.

Update in the morning at opening of new daily candle which is 5am GMT.

--- 帖子 #376 ---
Quick update on these trades.

GBPJPY is down around -55 pips but still looks promising. Very little movement today and is still way off the EMA so going to hold a little longer.

USDCAD has not faired well. Currently down -120 pips. Was down almost -140 earlier today but is has made a little ground. Was going to close it but decided to move the stop to todays low and play it out. If I closed it all together I just know it will shoot off

--- 帖子 #377 ---
Hi angelo5uk

I am not a 'guru' at the TMS method - but here are my 2 cents on your trade watch list:

AUD/USD - major trend is long (weekly) with possible further movement up.  Daily shows same direction.  Some resistance at current levels (1.0300) that may hold things back a bit.  Be careful.

USD/CAD and AUD/JPY have similar situations on the weekly chart - no clear trend yet and so I would be wary of entering either of these trades on the daily chart because they could be range bound and not run too far.

Both pairs (USD/CAD & AUD/JPY) may offer good pips but I am not convinced of the setups so I would prefer to stay out and look for something on the daily chart where the entry is in the same direction as an existing and strong trend.  Far easier to make pips swimming in a big stream and going with the current than to swim against the flow or try and swim in a little stream that only comes up to your ankles.

I discovered long ago (through lessons learnt the hard way) that trying to pick the start of a new trend and trading it is much like sliding down a wet rope with lots of razor blades sticking out of it.  It hurts real bad and gets very messy!

--- 帖子 #378 ---
I'm rather new to TMS but it seems to me that in the current market (mostly consolidating?) H4 charts have more potential and get you earlier in. I hope I am not violating any rules by questioning the main topic of this thread. It's just something I'd like to share and discuss.

--- 帖子 #379 ---
GBPAUD looks similar.

Imminent TDI cross down on GBPCAD.

Same on EURCAD.

--- 帖子 #380 ---
gbp-cad looks good.

Make a lot of pips.

--- 帖子 #381 ---
it is better show us your next trade.

Congratulation of good pips.

--- 帖子 #382 ---
i know usd/cad looks bad right now (i am down 86 pips) but i am confident it will turn.  No stop loss on this one.  Us dollar just taking a rest.  Next downturn in us stock market and us dollar will shoot up and usd/cad will also. Hang in there.

--- 帖子 #383 ---
1.5725 seems as a really good resistance. What do you think?

--- 帖子 #384 ---
Pretty strong support on that trade.

Depending on the next candle (in an hour at Interactive Brokers), I'll probably pick one of the following pairs to go short on:

EURAUD

GBPAUD

EURCAD

--- 帖子 #385 ---
I am short on AUDCAD, dbhlc and TMS confirms direction, also closed above EMA5.

--- 帖子 #386 ---
FYI when trading the USD/CAD pair, have a look at the chart of light crude oil. The Canadian dollar tends to follow the price of oil.

--- 帖子 #387 ---
The last two candles are doji shaped. Hopefully you'll still get some movement your way!

--- 帖子 #388 ---
The primary reason that I trade day charts is my availability to be in front of the screen, so for me, 4pm pst is the new day candle and I may set up trades at that time, however, I mainly trade in the 8pm to 10pm window.  Dropping down to H4 is only something I do as part of MTFA to confirm PA on the Day.

Certainly, as timeframes build, the moves start in the lower timeframes, but then there are more false signals.  Also, if the pair is ranging, you can look to trade in the range and you can always do that on the lower timeframe.  The original TMS and X-Man's thread is running on those scenarios - see post #1 for the links.  Phx62 has some great posts on H1 trading techniques.

Appreciate the question, but I am keeping this as a day chart thread - hope this clarifies the reasoning.

--- 帖子 #389 ---
Not any more. Stopped out for a -139 pip loss

--- 帖子 #390 ---
Hi Britpip7, You are right there are lots of advantages to daily. I appreciate your efforts for the thread.

--- 帖子 #391 ---
It's quite shocking to see, but the new D1 candles just opened and most are barely 50 pips in size...

Overall l a c k of PA on all pairs, not counting those pairs that are in trend continuation phase, such as EURNZD (sporting Britpip7's pip-tacular short running at +700).

So IMO no new trades

--- 帖子 #392 ---
Not to dwell on your pain Wilf, but looking back on this one, what would you say were contributing factors for the result?  When we get it wrong or we get bitten by the forex gods, it would be great to analyse the root cause.

Options:

Trading into conjestion / resistance / support

False signal - trade reversed after valid entry criteria

Entry signal was not optimal - reasons?

Reversal didn't follow through - overall trend took prescedence

Higher timeframes did not support the entry

Aliens abducted the trade

What else?

--- 帖子 #393 ---
Time for patience - don't trade unless the pattern is good with PA and supporting signals from whichever indicators you follow.

--- 帖子 #394 ---
I'm trying hard to keep myself from overtrading. Switching to D1 has been the first step.

Step two is to judge new D1 candle situations as they are and not what I want them to be(come).

I'll get there, step by step.

--- 帖子 #395 ---
Hi @ all, especially to Britpip7 and his contributions!

The EURAUD and the GBPAUD do not look that promising (in my opinion). The H4-TF is pointing into the Long direction.

The EURCAD could reaccelerate... I am not sure.

--- 帖子 #396 ---
Overall weekly trend is up so that was ok. Can't say there was any congestion either as there was no real resistance nearby. Only thing I can see is it was into a round number 1.0300 but that number has not really held before.

I suspect the Iran/oil is what caused the problem as CAD pairs are affected by oil prices. Also I seemed to have got the TDI cross later than others. Probably because my broker is on a different time zone.

Sometimes though shit happens and the best laid plans will go tits up. Fortunately it only cost me 1.1% of my balance so with good money management I can afford a few losers

--- 帖子 #397 ---
Two new trades placed tonight :

EURCAD Sell 1.2986 SL 1.3151 TP1 1.2895

NZDUSD Buy 0.7937 SL 0.7767 TP1 0.8019

EURCAD is more of a bounce trade and with a strong downward trend. Nearest resistance is about 150 pips away.

NZDUSD has a good TDI cross of a pull back to an existing trendline.

--- 帖子 #398 ---
I been getting punished lately lol

--- 帖子 #399 ---
I forgot to add the "shit happens" in the options

--- 帖子 #400 ---
Part of trading is keeping a journal of some description, and day charts allows you some time to devote to analyzing missed opportunities / losses and the wins.

I always keep screen shots of all of my entries and final trade positions and then if I'm a really good boy I'll copy these into a powerpoint and add comments.  This coupled with the account summaries / statements and I have a full story of my entry criteria / history of the trade and exit criteria.

For the wins, it is just as important to review what went well, especially seeing as we all too often beat ourselves to a pulp on the losses!

For my wins, I review the entry to see if I jumped the gun, was late or hit the goldilocks candle.  Equally, did I get lucky off of a dodgy entry and it pulled back and now I look really cool sitting on a pot of lucky pips.

For the losses - then look for the root cause and the following Options:

Trading into conjestion / resistance / support

False signal - trade reversed after valid entry criteria

Entry signal was not optimal - reasons?

Reversal didn't follow through - overall trend took prescedence

Higher timeframes did not support the entry

Aliens abducted the trade

Shit happens

What else?

Happy journalling

--- 帖子 #401 ---
hy king , nice to see you .

have you wrong trades?

--- 帖子 #402 ---
I was drunk?

I f*cked up?

My dog took that trade not me?

--- 帖子 #403 ---
I started to demo D1 with classical TMS (including stoch 8.3.3) and I'm 4 winners no loser.

+115 pips

But I still feel that this temp with classical indis is not too good for D1, more like H1 and H4(I see there more opportunities but having a full time job cant trade those timeframes reliably)...

--- 帖子 #404 ---
http://screencast.com/t/8SzwkfX5zW

--- 帖子 #405 ---
EURCAD short @ 1.2973

SL @ 1.3142

but was not totally sure, so went in with just a half of a "normal" position size

--- 帖子 #406 ---
Guys in a case where different pairs are correlating and we get  a nice setup on all the pairs..what do we do? take all the trades or just one

--- 帖子 #407 ---
All of the above

--- 帖子 #408 ---
What does your trading plan / money management plan say?

Pick the best risk/reward scenario and go with that - how much of your portfolio can you risk on multiple trades?

--- 帖子 #409 ---
Hi angelo

That depends on what your trading business plan is.

As for me, the risk per trade remains the same. My plan allows me to take trade multiple pairs, max up to 5 simultaneous ccy/pairs. thereby multiplying my risk 5xtimes on any trading day.

Or I can divide my risk into 5 parts, each for one ccy/pair. This will change the position sizing per trade.

At the end of the day, it is the reward to risk that matter.

What is your win rate and the expectancy of your system?

--- 帖子 #410 ---
Not using stochs - never saw the value in it on D1.

Watch the higher TFs for trend or use the MAs per Post #1

--- 帖子 #411 ---
Trade now 48 hours old.

Currently +278 pips.  Stop moved to lock in +187 pips.

For me there are no new trade signals yet.  Some pairs are ranging while others may be setting up for new entries into the major trend.

Time to sit on my hands and not try to force a trade.

--- 帖子 #412 ---
I've just run through the charts for today and haven't seen any opportunities and it appears almost everything is consolidating and becoming range bound ... most pairs that yesterday had 2 candles up or down now have one going the other way so far today. Similar to Britpip, I end up checking the charts about 4 to 5 hours after the candle has closed - which isn't always a bad thing as it gives an idea of whether the trend is continuing or not on the day so far.

When it gets like this, I always wonder what fundamentals may be causing it, and I believe it may be related to the following :

- German chancellor Angela Merkel said Greece would be the focus of talks at a meeting with International Monetary Fund director Christine Lagarde in Berlin today. Under a plan hammered out by euro zone leaders in October, investors in Greek bonds would have to accept a 50 per cent cut in the value of their holdings.

- Greece is nearer to a deal with bank creditors to wipe out 100 billion euros (NZ$161b) billion) from its huge debt, officials say ahead of talks with its European peers on a new bankruptcy-saving bailout.

- The European Central Bank will meet on Friday (GMT) to decide whether or not to cut interest rates. The meeting is heavily anticipated by investors who will be waiting to see the bank's view on Europe's current situation

So it may be that things become range bound until one or both of these possible events force us out of the range. Of course, something else may force it ... you just never know!

[Sources, not the greatest financial papers, but, if it's making our news here, you know it's big - http://www.nzherald.co.nz/business/n...ectid=10777987 ; http://www.nzherald.co.nz/business/n...ectid=10777974)

--- 帖子 #413 ---
Nice pattern trade - very similar to the eur/nzd.  Watch the TDI - about to break the down zone line - possible additional entry point.

PA had a slight pull back but overall strength of the PA is still very strong.

--- 帖子 #414 ---
eur/usd & eur/jpy both resting - both have a Fractal Low as a re-entry point for a short trade.  Watch for some hesitation as there is a previous support near this level.

gbp/jpy - similar to above but with support sitting 200pips south.

aud/usd & aud/jpy - conjestion

nzd/usd attempting to push through the 200ema but looks to be stuck - possible entry if it breaks previous day high.

eur/nzd & eur/aud - strong trend runs and clear water below.

gbp/nzd & gbp/aud very similar - both facing strong support levels

--- 帖子 #415 ---
This is getting boring  I quite like boring  - Day 12 of this trade and +750pips so far. This is by far my biggest winner by a country mile and then some.

With TP1 closed @290pips and SL set @600pips, this trade has yielded 890pips in 12 days. SL will be moved again (possibly set to recent Fractal High @1.6125 on H1 which also shows as a good mini resistance on H4) once PA resumes after the current rest period which has the pair in an 80pip range for the past 26 hours.

Expecting a strong support at 1.6000 - major BRN

--- 帖子 #416 ---
Excellent trade!  Your actions here have taught me the value of being patient and letting the profits run.  Thank you.

--- 帖子 #417 ---
My trading plan is simple..I know it may sound strange to some people but thats what works for me

I break even immediately i make 25pips then leave the trade running but close trade at the end of londons close of the 2nd day meaning i close the trade immediately when it approximately 41hours old

I risk 10% of my account with 100pips stop loss..but it hardly hits this 100pips stop loss(1 out of 12trades)..i usually exit manually most time with around pips stop loss.

i prefer trading one pair at a time. Noticed sometimes pairs may be correlating so i pick just one..i mean the one with the best setup.

I took the USDCAD sell trade today and now in profit of about 20pips i decided to break even cos price is very close to support....now i have nothing else to loose in the trade..either i win or the trade ends up a break even trade
Thats how i trade

--- 帖子 #418 ---
Hi guys,

my first post here after reading a lot of threads (X-Man's, Trading Made Simple and this thread). Like many here I decided to get away from small timeframe charts and to trade h4 and daily charts.

Therefore I have a question I asked before on other forums, but got different answers. It would be great to have a clear answer

Let's say I have a trade running and think it will continue next week. There is a SL in place.

But what happens if the pair opens on Sunday evening (way) beyond the SL? In my opinion there are a few options:

-The trade closes at the level it opens, because it's passed the SL. In this case the loss can be huge, even a margin call can happen.

-The trade closes at the price level of your set SL. In this case the loss is your calculated loss.

-The trade doesn't close because the SL actually never got hit. In this case the losses can be huge also if the pair drifts further away from your entry, but also can be good when it comes back.

Anyone experienced something like this?

Regards from the Netherlands!

--- 帖子 #419 ---
For the past few weeks it was the best time to short the euro, any euro currency pairs. It has been in a downtrend and a strong one at that. I guess it has to do with everything in the Eurozone right now. So I guess I am short biased at the moment.

--- 帖子 #420 ---
Most brokers would honour the original stop loss, although if you read the small print they don't have to.

Chances of it happening are small. I would say that if it did happen your stop was too close to begin with.

--- 帖子 #421 ---
I was more thinking of what would happpen after a major event that took place in a weekend.

Think of a 9/11 impact, one or more countries leaving the Eurozone causing the Euro to collapse, major intervention of the central banks like we saw not so long ago (30th Nov '11), tsunami Japan, intervention of SNB to peg the CHF like they did on the 6th of September '11.

These events could cause the price to open hundreds (maybe even thousands) of pips the wrong way on Sunday.

Just curious would or could happen when you are on the wrong side of a trade and a SL is in place, which is not too close (>100-150 pips).

But I will ask my broker and ask him where I can find this info.

--- 帖子 #422 ---
Gentlemen- Would anyone be willing to tell me your broker? I live in Florida and use FXDD and most of the pairs you are dealing with are not offerd! When the man has MY money, I don't like being restricted. any responce would be most helpful! Thanks!!

--- 帖子 #423 ---
-----------------------------------------------------------------------

IBFX - Australia.

Their Daily candle starts at 07.00 pm EST.

Very convenient time for analysis of potential set ups and entering trades.

--- 帖子 #424 ---
Thank you so much minortrader for your responce! I  will look into this right away! The best to ya!

--- 帖子 #425 ---
I use FXDD live & demo.  The demo does offer a limited number of pairs but live is a different story, 27 pairs.  Oanda offers even more and I like their closing rollover time better, 11pm I think.  FXDD is 4pm CT.

--- 帖子 #426 ---
Hello there,

It happens to me once and my broker take my money and my SL was neglected.They tell me this is the ''gap'' and in our contract it is clearly set. As i trade only microlots now i am not very much concerned about this. Happened once in 500 trades.

--- 帖子 #427 ---
Whats everybodys thoughts on EURCAD? Was about 60 pips in front earlier but has now fallen to 20 for me.

Graham

--- 帖子 #428 ---
I am up around +35 at the moment. Still think there is more left but there is resistance coming up around 1.28 if you check the weekly.

--- 帖子 #429 ---
I went short on AUD/NZD at lunchtime, looks like it may be turning now though.  I only have access to WebTrader for now though so will have to check my indicators on MT4 when I get home...

--- 帖子 #430 ---
I shorted AUD/NZD at the open of the new Bar 7pm EST yesterday. Up 37 pips.

I also took a long position on the NZD/USD at the same time last night. Up 30 pips now. However it looks like NZD/USD is sitting right in a support/resistance area.

--- 帖子 #431 ---
IBFX - USA - I am in California

Day candles start at 4pm PST

--- 帖子 #432 ---
Hi all,

been looking at GBPUSD this evening, seems to have broken out of its range (waiting for next candle to confirm). TDI bounce trade,, WEEKLY BOUNCE tdi entry also..

currently floating around major support,,,, from back in 2010 and september 2011... around the 1.5327.

thinking about shorting,,, or putting sell order under the wick you can see from october. next resistance is around the 1.4765 mark.

what are your guys views on trade?

--- 帖子 #433 ---
That one looks good to me once it breaks the 1.53 level. I will be watching it too.

--- 帖子 #434 ---
Poacher I'm in Florida as well and use IBFX. Hope this helps.

--- 帖子 #435 ---
I'm with you Markc. I'll probably short in 2hours at the opening of the new bar. It's 60 pips or so from the resistance back in September.

--- 帖子 #436 ---
I'm in Florida with IBFX as well

--- 帖子 #437 ---
Gone short.

--- 帖子 #438 ---
Lots of CHF crosses and bounces tonight. Went with CADCHF in the end as it seemed the best setup overall.

Didn't personally like the GBPUSD even though it's broke out of it's range it's going to meet some heavy resistance at 1.5300. If it breaks through that I will look for a pull back and continuation before getting involved.

CADCHF Buy 0.93627 SL 0.92330 TP1 0.9436

--- 帖子 #439 ---
hi willf,

noticed the CADCHF, but the TDI cross seems rather flat, not between 12-2 or 4-6 (clock face). and the 'air' time seems flat. also it is rather close to 68 line on TDI, which BigE warned that it wouldnt be a high probability trade, altho he has seen them go for 100+pips in past.

just my 2 cents which would warn me off that trade.

keep a close eye on it!

Mark

--- 帖子 #440 ---
Yeah.I been taking trades i now i shouldnt have instead of following my routine and looking for the best set ups.Basically over trading.Im still new to this trading thing.Only been trading about 5 months so i often get a little antsy and want to be in a trade.I just did a little back testing to remind me that its plenty of pips to be made if i wait for excellent set ups instead of ok ones.Thats how i made 2,300 pips that month.

--- 帖子 #441 ---
I've never posted to this thread before but maybe I can help a little on your mission for pips. One of the things I've noticed and this is especially true of the commodity pairs is their tendency to change trends close to the end or the beginning of a new month.

http://www.forexfactory.com/attachme...1&d=1326328583

--- 帖子 #442 ---
Hello all   and thanks to Britpip7 for starting this thread,  Iv' been interested in getting onto trading Daily charts for a while so many thanks guys and girls and others if any..

I use TS 2  from fxcm  new day is gmt 5:00  I also ust Trader Point   new day at gmt 22:00gmt, I hope that is right  any one knows different correct me please.   After the first few days of trying the daily trading it all went tits up but that is slowly changing and starting to improve thanks to you guys .  I hope I can contribute some thing worth while in the future.

--- 帖子 #443 ---
I have two set and ready on pendng trades - toss up between eur/jpy and eur/usd but I am opting for the former - no real reason for the preference. This was set a couple of days ago as the euro took a rest from skydiving.

Also, gbp/usd short once it clears 1.5300

On the eur/nzd, now locked in 720pips on TP2, so a total of 1010pips from this trade so far. Slight pul back in progress, so I'll see where this is tomorrow morning before moving the SL any closer (depending on whether the SL holds!)

--- 帖子 #444 ---
Hi Britpip - I have started following this thread after working my way through the original TMS Eelfranz thread, and I am grateful to you for continuing with the emphasis on daily charts.

Your eur/nzd trade is just the type of move I want to be able to catch.

However I am getting confused now, as I can't see how your idea for the eur/jpy trade is related to the TMS method. In particular, the TDI has basically no slope and no cross down. Are you assuming that the setup will look OK if your pending order is triggered - or are you just looking for a break past the last lower fractal?

--- 帖子 #445 ---
Thanks a lot Britpip!

--- 帖子 #446 ---
When I place pending trades, it is usually based off of a Fractal break - this will coincide with a tdi bounce for a trend continuation as in the eur/jpy set up.  Reversal set ups are the more traditional tdi cross.

The gpb/usd is more of a range reakout, although this is following a series of lower highs and lower lows over the past few weeks.

--- 帖子 #447 ---
The run came to an end and my stop was hit for a total of +389 pips.

The risk/reward ratio eventually ended up as 1:5

--- 帖子 #448 ---
well done mate!!! great work!!

--- 帖子 #449 ---
Nicely done - congrats on the money management

--- 帖子 #450 ---
My daily candle just changed (16:00 CT) so I placed a Buy Stop order on the Eur/usd @ 1.2847. This is a support area last seen in Aug 2010. the big question is - will it go lower and not trigger my order or reverse so I can make some pips. A buy is definitely against the overall trend and if my order isn't triggered by bed time I may just cancel and see what the 4H shows tomorrow morning at 08:00. I am using BigE's original setup but added a 60 & 100 SMA for overall trend indication but not for entry or exit.

edit:  20:09hrs CT - Price has continued to decline slightly in a very slow market, cancelled.

--- 帖子 #451 ---
I have just gone long on EUR/CAD.  Green line sharply crossed above the red on TDI, and I estimate it will retrace to somewhere around the 50% mark as this is a support area we last saw on September 16th.

I will put a stop loss at 1.2900 and take profit at 1.3385 with a Trailing Stop of 110 points.

What do you guys think?

http://i49.photobucket.com/albums/f2...chartusd-1.gif

--- 帖子 #452 ---
Brave move

You are trading against a huge down trend.

--- 帖子 #453 ---
I've clearly a lot to learn, that's why I'm on a demo account

--- 帖子 #454 ---
1. Stop Loss at 1.29 is a typo, maybe 1.23 as trading at 1.24 right now

2. Not as bad as most think, anything can happen and if risk is managed, might work out for you.

3. Need the EUR index to continue strengthen, while the CAD index continue to weaken, charts 1 & 2

4. Possibly better entry on 4 hour TDI, chart 3, but time will tell

good trading to all

--- 帖子 #455 ---
good pips...

--- 帖子 #456 ---
Hi Britpip7

The penny has finally dropped for me regarding the use of fractals for entry signals.  Up till now I would typically wait for the close of the daily candle and then place an entry at market based on the confirmed TDI cross/bounce.

This approach has been like taking one shot at a new signal setup and watching the long runs on pairs where I did not get in but not be able to do anything about it if I missed the TDI entry.

Having done a lot of back testing and checking the role of fractals and the way you use them I can see their value in offering alternative new entry / add to existing trade options.

It is amazing to see how often a fractal break correlates with a new TDI cross and there are plenty of opportunities to add extra lots to strong moves too.

Thank you for sharing - this has added a new dimension to my daily chart trading and I will actively use fractals in combination with TDI now.

--- 帖子 #457 ---
But you know, how the "Fractal"-indicator is calculated? It is useful for looking at possible S/R-Points, but I doubt that you can use it for entry/exit-signals, because it is lagging (in realtime) 2 bars from the top/bottom...

--- 帖子 #458 ---
Fractals are a lagging indicator and will repaint until they are set per the rule set / definition.

A fractal must have two preceding and two following bars with lower highs (higher lows, on a down move). Which means that a fractal will always be at least 3 candles old.  I have been using it along with PA as an entry trigger point for some time and with the patterns that I show in the posts of trades and the training chart, they work very well.

They indicate S/R points and this is the key issue and why they can be used for entry points.  Check out the charts posted to date on this thread.

--- 帖子 #459 ---
Finally the eur/nzd trade closed out on the manually adjusted SL.

TP1 = 290 pips

TP2 = 720pips.

eur/jpy short triggered off of the Fractal Low break

SL / TP1 = 2XATR(7) which was 80, s0 2X80 = 160 pips

TP2 currently not set - looking to take advantage of clear water heading south

gbp/usd short triggered off of a break of the 1.5300 level

SL / TP1 = 2XATR(7) which was 115, so 2X15 = 230 pips

TP2 = 460pips

--- 帖子 #460 ---
Absolutely amazing results, good work and thanks for posting remarks regarding your strategy and trading ideas.

--- 帖子 #461 ---
But EURJPY TDI crossing up? And same condition on EU so why you don't enter EU short trade?

--- 帖子 #462 ---
Excellent result Britpip7 - well done!

--- 帖子 #463 ---
And so, my results for the past week?

I entered AU/US, stopped out for loss; US/CA entered, went against my plan and moved my SL, and, of course ---------stopped out for loss  and entered GBP/JPY short, and LEFT IT ALONE for closure at TP1, profit.

Ended the week at break even, after a nice quick trade Friday London session on EU/US using a different strategy.

Lesson reinforced?  Don't muck with your trade once its set.  (Patience is a virtue that I MUST work on)

Cheers

Leona

--- 帖子 #464 ---
Hi Leona

Next week will bring new opportunities and it's always a bonus that your lesson did not cost you any capital at the end of the week.

All the best for the week ahead - plan your trades, execute your plan and sit on your hands to stop them from reaching for the mouse...

--- 帖子 #465 ---
Both eu and ej are shown - currently these are twins.  I think your question is why don't I enter long and not "EU short trade?"

Trends for both are currently down on all MAs - so longer time frames support the day and unless this shows a really strong reversal on the Day, I will only take shorts.

PA - last candle strong down move and an engulfing bear candle and also continuing the trend move

RSI still well below 50

No real signs for a long, despite the TDI showing a cross.  Not all TDI crosses are taken, especially when the current / last candle is opposite to the TDI signal.

My one note of caution on these pairs is that they are very reliant on euro zone news and have reached a resting point at the current level.  As my ej trade has triggered I will run with this for the next few candles and review the PA before considering making any changes - of course, we may see news over the weekend that moves these pairs!

--- 帖子 #466 ---
Could be worse!

That patience thing is a real pain to master and I feel your pain - I have trades sit for 5 days before moving.

--- 帖子 #467 ---
Hi everyone

Just wanted to add my pennyworth. I noticed that some of you guys are entering trades at extreme levels of trend swings. What I'm getting at is that even in a down trend, of course, price action swings up (and vice versa). So it's really not a good idea to buy when price action is just about to swing down or sell when price action is just about to swing up. Your system doesn't seem to avoid this rather serious problem.

There's a very easy way to avoid making this mistake and that's to only buy/sell around the swing axis. It's another system completely but my demo account's gone from $600 to $7000 in 6 weeks using it, so I kinda think this very simple system works. I'll elaborate if anyone's interested.

Rgds

Jerry

--- 帖子 #468 ---
You can certainly elaborate for me Sir

--- 帖子 #469 ---
You've got my interest Jerry, might be worth starting a new thread though.

--- 帖子 #470 ---
Just PM me and I'll give you the details. You can evaluate it. Don't want to end up debating my system on another system's thread!

rgds

--- 帖子 #471 ---
i have done J,Thank you

--- 帖子 #472 ---
hello Britpip7,

can you pls share you TMS Histo 3TF Indicator along with your template.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #473 ---
Why should we send you a mail..guess you are trying to sell something here...wont be surprised if its a robot...If you really want to help as you claim, why dont you open a new thread or explain here....besides TMS has been proven and tested to be a great system.....

--- 帖子 #474 ---
Guys i dont think its advisable to open a trade at the open of the new trading week no matter how good the setup may be because there are so many irregularities during the weekends...il rather wait for the next 4hr candle...what do you think?

--- 帖子 #475 ---
Ok so i kept hearing brit pip talking about fractals but it seemed kinda confusing.So i went and looked at his charts and after a few minutes i totally understand now.This is actually something i was thinking about but didnt know it was an actual indicator for.Cool

--- 帖子 #476 ---
I agree...Just want to join somebody's trading group by ''pls send me a pm'' You can bet it's not a free trading group. It is no problem for me but i believe that his place is in the commercial area.

--- 帖子 #477 ---
Yes, perhaps the swing axis points he's referring to are similar to the fractal breaks Britpip7 uses. But, I would think the fractal would be on a larger time frame, week or month.

stick with tried and true, thank you Britpip for making my daily trades easier to visualize.

B

--- 帖子 #478 ---
not seeing this on my chart, nor on the seemingly incorrect chart  in Erebus' post -- what am i missing?

--- 帖子 #479 ---
... no TDI cross.

My GU short (entered Jan 11th) appears to be moving down.

--- 帖子 #480 ---
dear all,

do enlighten me on the atr pips ul corner.

i try to look up dcginc posts on this indicator but seems getting nowhere.

may i ask m i rite to say tat the indicator is for traders using on trailing stop?

--- 帖子 #481 ---
If you read Post #1 you will see this:

TMS Links to Other Threads:
Further reading for your education in all things related to Trading Made Simple:

Xaphod did update all of the TMS related indicators and pulled these from a variety of sources- make sure you download the latest versions - here is page 1 of his thread
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...40#post4619540

and here is the link to the attachments which will have all of the other discussed indicators http://www.forexfactory.com/misc.php...ments&t=294327

--- 帖子 #482 ---
e/u and e/j may develop into tdi crosses but need PA to move farther south - alos in the 32 region.  If the support gets broken then we are in clear water heading down.

Similar situation for g/u.

Bear in mind that we are in to Sunday trading - not renowned for large moves if there is no gap - nothing moved the market for the opening, so no real expectations at this time on the day charts

--- 帖子 #483 ---
jmtini has been removed - don't really need folks spamming the group and getting us off topic - feel free to pm him/her if you wish to participate in whatever is being offered.

--- 帖子 #484 ---
Looks promising with RSI and TDI dropping.

This is running in to a possible congestion area with the Moving Averages, 200ema is very flat - so a more conservative entry would be to wait and see where Monday closes.  One of those patience issues.

Edit - 2 1/2 hours later, the PA has retraced, so currently not an entry - my Monday comment is still valid - PA may well come back and provide a good signal candle.

--- 帖子 #485 ---
When there is nothing much happening, continue to back test and look for trade entry patterns.

The more back testing you do, the better armed you are for picking up on the entry patterns.

Here's another hindsight chart for training purposes - Trade 1 is a reversal trades - Trade 2 is more of a continuation trade.

The two trade entries on the charts follow strong signal candles (Entries would have been on the 1st or 2nd candle following the signal / TDI cross), with a 5ema cross and higher highs.  These are following the higher EMA lines and the PA is above all of the EMAs - on this chart, the strongest probability trades will be longs.  This is re-enforced by the strong down candle in the ellipse which did not carry through with any great conviction.  If this was taken, then the TDI hook would have been a good danger/exit signal (and may have cost you 100pips depending on how quickly you move your SL to BE) and coincided with Trade 2 entry.

With Trade 1, the TP1 would have been achieved @ 2XATR(7) = 218pips.  TP2 of 4XATR(7) would not have been met and would have depended upon your trade management skills - Max achievable was 400pips - a more likely result would be in the 200 to 300pips region.

Trade 2 would have hit TP1 @ 2XATR(7) = 168pips as would TP2 @ 4XATR(7) = 336pips.

Probable pip haul would have been in the region of 800 to 900pips.  This was over a time period of 40 trading days, so a little under 7 weeks.

--- 帖子 #486 ---
Hello

Can you send me a pm because me Im a junior member and I can pm you.

Thanks

Best Regards

Danutz

--- 帖子 #487 ---
I am not getting the use of fractals...could someone please elaborate on their use, or point to where I could study their use on my own?  thanks

--- 帖子 #488 ---
Check out the posts by Britpip7.  In one of those he explains their use and how they are calculated.  For my usage they simply point out swing highs and lows, both intermediate and long term.  One can then compare with the ATR for SL & TP setings.  Hope this helps.

--- 帖子 #489 ---
Hi.

M,

--- 帖子 #490 ---
GBPCAD looks like a bounce down opportunity as well.

GBPCHF could be heading up.

The rest appears to be dead or no cross.

--- 帖子 #491 ---
Britpip,

Can you please explain "PA moves with ATR(1) at 75% or higher of ATR(7)".

Thanks

Mitch

--- 帖子 #492 ---
You mean in real words?

OK - I'll give it a go.

This was written for reversal trades.  PA is for the Price Action move and is basically the signal candle (Change in colour / direction) - I will look to enter based on the next candle breaking the H/L of the signal candle.

The ATR(7) provides you with the Average True (Trading) Range for the pair over the past 7 candles.

Folks keep asking what size of candle should they use to enter a trade and I was basing my entries off of an individual candle - ATR(1), so I am looking for a strong signal candle to base my entry as many folks were just going after a colour change, so my entry rule was initially that I wanted the signal candle to be at least 50% the size of the ATR(7) value, but I prefer 75%.

For example, if the current ATR(7) value is at 100pips, then I am looking for the signal candle to be at least 50pips and preferably 75pips or higher.  This also means that I am looking for a larger body than wicks on the signal candle - no doji / pin bars, etc.  - Refer to the latest training chart that I posted.

Hope this helps

--- 帖子 #493 ---
Here we are on Monday and this pair continues to set up for a long entry once it overcomes the resistance at 1.0400.

Candles have cleared the 200ema and tdi is showing a stronger cross, so an entry point above 1.0400 may be a play.  Next resistance will be 350 pips away.

--- 帖子 #494 ---
GBPCAD

GBPAUD

GBPNZD

Large 100 pip candles, TDI bounces...

Seem like new trade opportunities at the start of the next candle.

--- 帖子 #495 ---
... turn out to be small candles.

No trades.

--- 帖子 #496 ---
Britpip,

so yesterday D1 candle is 70+ pips is that a valid long trade as it is still hovering 1.037x

--- 帖子 #497 ---
Yesterday's push did not hold above the 1.0400 and the candle was pulling back for 50% - looks like it is having another attempt.

Currently I am waiting for this to close above the resistance.  Also there is slight divergence between PA and TDI

--- 帖子 #498 ---
Based on what you mention earlier, am i right to say that you will enter on the following condition:

1. TDI cross

2. D1 close above 1.04

3. Candle size must be min 60pips ( 75% of ATR7 81 pips)

Please correct me if i am wrong.

--- 帖子 #499 ---
At this time, there is no entry condition on this pair - PA has stalled and the resistance line is holding.

I re-assess the entry conditions / set-ups on each day and as such this makes the entry criteria dynamic.  At a minimum, this has to close above 1.0400 before I'll consider entering and then it'll be time to re-assess all of the other aspects.

--- 帖子 #500 ---
This is a good training chart.

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #501 ---
The main challenge now is recognizing the patterns so that when they appear in real time, we act on the entries.

--- 帖子 #502 ---
which moving average do you traders find most reliable for determining the direction of trend

--- 帖子 #503 ---
5 & 10 EMA but I use them on the time frame above.

Say I was trading the daily I would judge the trend on the weekly with the EMA's.

--- 帖子 #504 ---
Promising

A nice trend following short appears to be developing on AUDNZD.

Doubtful

Longs are developing on EURUSD, EURHKD, EURCAD and EURJPY.

However they're all countertrend and therefore quite risky IMO.

Same applies to GBPUSD.

USDCHF and USDSGD appear to go down, but PA is resting right at support and the move is countertrend.

--- 帖子 #505 ---
[quote=smatthew;5307045]Promising

A nice trend following short appears to be developing on AUDNZD.

I agree looking to short this pair on the candle close.

--- 帖子 #506 ---
Classic stuff Britpip7, TDI crosses cannot be missed on higher Tfs just that it seems the trading cycle is taking too long to gather momentum for me, think we need that thread for patience and psychology training?

I'm in it for the long haul though.

Thanks for the invaluable 411

--- 帖子 #507 ---
AUDNZD's setup candle retracted almost to doji state.

Time for bed!

--- 帖子 #508 ---
Hi all.

Great thread please keep up the good work.  I wanted to inquire as to an indicator or ea that will place a pending order with predetermined parameters.  IDEALLY you could drag a line to the entry level on the chart and them SL and TP could be changed if needed.

Thanks in advanace for your help

BD

--- 帖子 #509 ---
There is an EA called Magic Stick that does just this, PM me your email address and I will send it to you.

Mitch

--- 帖子 #510 ---
Since the beginning of New Year, I was in the waiting mode  as the market was ranging (atleast from my viewpoint), this week I took the following trades, which are doing good so far.

Both trades on BE with pending order to add positions if price go beyond FTA.

--- 帖子 #511 ---
You have chosen well with those pairs, EUR and CHF Currency Index are getting STRONG while the CAD Index is starting to weaken.

I suggest you watch similar pairs with AUD as it is ready to weaken, looks like CAD chart

--- 帖子 #512 ---
Very generous of you to share

--- 帖子 #513 ---
Thanks for the suggestion.  I don't make life complicated while trading under this system.

However, in addition to looking left I also concentrate on other factors while trading another method which considered to be agressive. Under that method I don't care the color/size of the candle or any other indicator whatsoever but only concentrate where price will turn around in order to be ahead of the crowd.

Trade well.

--- 帖子 #514 ---
You've gone long on EURCAD which is on BE right now.

What makes you think that the move up will persist?

In other words, are we looking at an actual trend reversal or just a pullback?

Zooming out I've noticed that TDI crosses from below 32 appear to result in uptrends.

Multiple EUR/xxx pairs currently show the same pattern:

Downtrends reversing. I'm just wondering how one can be sure that these are actual reversals.

Same applies to your CADCHF short. Although zooming out on this pair shows a long term resistance level which appears to be excellent to go short on.

What's your point of view?

--- 帖子 #515 ---
I don't know yet that is it going to be a trend reversal or pull back.

Now the question is then why I took these trades when I knew nothing about it.

I simply played support and resistance (you have already noticed that) - please see the horizontal lines on my charts defining the zones. Currently both these pairs are testing these lines on the reverse side.

EURCAD - When the price reacted in the same fashion twice before when it reached around 1.2890 and also based on what had happened so far I knew that the chances are very high that this time price will go atleast another 100 pips before any further retracement. This expected 100 pip run will allow me to BE and once I am at BE I don't care what happend to the price. Normally I don't take trades just to make to BE but keeping in view the current status of EUR I thought it is worth testing the waters.

CADCHF - The same story but on a flip side.

Going against the major trend is like catching a falling knife unless one learns how to catch the knife and throw it back. If you look closely at any chart without any single indicator you will notice most of time trend changes when it reach either support or resistance. I am sure you have also noticed that TDI keep on dragging below 32 or above 50 till the price reach either support or resistance.

In a nutshell a trader should keep an eye on support and resistance - the indicators due to its lagging nature simply gives a confirmation after the price moved atleast 100 pips depending on the pair and TF. Now, it boils down to the trader's style whether he wants to be 100 pips before the crowd or wait for the confirmation - it is a matter of choice.

P.S. Sorry Britpip if the post if off the topic of your thread.

--- 帖子 #516 ---
"Get your basic 4X in order" BigE often said. Support and resistance are definitely part of that. I like the idea of getting in early with S/R increasing your odds. Less nerve wracking drawdown!

Both your early entries were backed up by TDI bounces and as such comply with BigE's basic TMS principle of getting in at crosses and bounces.

--- 帖子 #517 ---
You are bang on topic my friend.

I have been referring to S/R levels especially relating to TDI crosses to make sure you are not trading into resistance or support levels.

Currently, I am looking at entry points relating to strong S/R levels.  The differing points of view relate to entering as the price pushes through or waiting for a candle to close above/below.

As this week progressed - AUD/USD was in this situation as it approached the 1.0400 level and kept faltering / falling back and then finally has achieved a close nicely above 1.0400 at 1.0482.

The challenge is as you pointed out - get in early ahead of the crowd or wait for confirmation of the break through?

With the Day charts this involves patience and avoiding the need to enter a trade for a few pips.  If you study some of the available material - either in FF on the threads, or in the numerous ebooks that circulate with the hope of hooking you for a subscription service, then you will see there is no real fixed rule for this type of entry - it all comes down to your trading style and your trading plans.

My preference is to let the candle close and then follow the momentum of the PA.  One very well written article that I have seen, talked to how momentum was perceived / interpreted.  The focus was on the second half of the candle's life as this demonstrates the support and demand for the current PA.  You can have a great bull push in the first half of the candle with new highs being set, only for the bears to take over which will leave you with a pull back candle with a large wick - this negates any momentum that was achieved earlier in the day.  This often occurs around S/R levels and folks get faked out by the initial strength of the candle, only to watch it fall away at the end of the day.

If, however, the bear push continues into the latter part of the day, then you have a strong momentum candle and if this succeeds in breaking the S/R, then look for continued momentum to drive the PA.

This supports the Big E message that TDI crosses are not created equal and you still have to be on your game with the forex basics.

--- 帖子 #518 ---
Bored on a sunday arvo and came across this thread it seems great I loaded the template and scrolled through some charts and it seems to me if you wait for all the ducks to line up as in the first post and have a profit target of ATR 7 it gets hit 99.9% of the time count me in.

I have long been looking for a system with proven TP targets this amy be it I will start Monday with a micro account thanks so much for sharing

--- 帖子 #519 ---
Welcome aboard - keep us posted on your progress

--- 帖子 #520 ---
Can some one give me the ATR indicator used in the posts of this thread? Thanks in advance

--- 帖子 #521 ---
Hi.

It's ATR pips UL corner. You can download it here.

--- 帖子 #522 ---
AUDCAD broke resistance and GBPCHF is bouncing off support.

--- 帖子 #523 ---
My only concern with AUDCAD is that the stochs and the TDi are already 68+ indicating that this paid is overbought, which would tell me that a bullish trend may be short lived.

My GBP/CHF chart looks very different to yours, with the ATR(7) showing a range of 0.0121 which is looking very flat on the chart.

What do you guys think?

I've just made 100 pips on AUD/USD, just closed as it is getting into the resistance level.

--- 帖子 #524 ---
GBPCHF -100

AUDCAD -20

Getting killed (luckily on demo).

--- 帖子 #525 ---
Just spinnin' the wheels, heck it's demo.

I'm afraid I'll have to hold on to my job just a little while longer...

About 40 years longer

--- 帖子 #526 ---
Two the below two trades last thrusday when it cleared the resistance.

Let's see how far they can go as both are on BE.

--- 帖子 #527 ---
Your GBPCHF didn't work because I sold it (lol).

Seriously it is becoz of that TL (Acqua line).

P.S. If you want to add more twist throw in Fib and it banged on at 50. The combination of TL and Fib at 50.0 or 61.8 is a killer confluence.

--- 帖子 #528 ---
I took the following trades on demo on the 19th and im up 700 pips

Eur/Usd +159 long

Gbp/Usd +136 long

Usd/Chf +123 short

Eur/jpy +150 long

Gbp/jpy +135 long

On my live account i took the Eur/Usd Also on the 19th and im up 160 pips.

--- 帖子 #529 ---
Great results - nice to see you still testing on demo as well as running the live account.

--- 帖子 #530 ---
This is not a pair that I watch, but when you have a pair that has a relatively shallow trend and what looks to be strong S/R, you need a really strong break before taking the trade.

--- 帖子 #531 ---
Yeah i use the demo account to experiment and take the trades im not so sure about.I actually took a few no indicator pure price action trades successfully earlier this month.I use live for the best ones.I could be wrong but it is starting to appear that almost every month once a month at some point one currency is gonna be strong or weak and make moves with tdi crosses against most of the other pairs.

--- 帖子 #532 ---
Many pairs are taking a breather from their recent reversals, so possible long re-entry positions opening up on the 3 Amigos plus eur/jpy and the beast.

Opposite for usd/chf.

Be careful on these as we have had a huge run in the past 2 months, so these mini reversals could still falter.  PA is still the driver on these.

--- 帖子 #533 ---
Hi Britpip7,

Mind to share the rules you use for short entries? Thanks

--- 帖子 #534 ---
Added more stuff

S/R

Trade management

Short entries

--- 帖子 #535 ---
Could you be so kind to share what the 3 Amigos and 'The beast' is?

Ta.

--- 帖子 #536 ---
3 amigos eu, gu, au

beast - gj

--- 帖子 #537 ---
Just wanted to check in and give you my update.

I continue to enjoy using the TMS method to trade and I have changed my approach a little since I started trading this method towards the end of December last year.

For me the daily chart gives the best view of the 'big picture' per currency pair - on this time frame I find the TDI indicator and synergy bars to be very helpful in determining what the trend is doing etc.

I do check the weekly chart from time to time to give me confidence when required before I enter a trade.

My main chart for entries and exits however is the 4hr chart - I don't enjoy the discomfort of having to endure the possibility of relatively large moves against me that sometimes happens when taking trades off the daily chart.  I still use TDI and synergy bars on the 4hr chart to pick solid entries with fairly tight stops (typically 30 - 60 pips) and then I use an 28ema as a trailing stop and this works very effectively to keep me in trades while the trend is strong, plus it allows the opportunity to move the stop to BE relatively quickly - which I like!

I will continue to subscribe to this thread as I enjoy the contributions of Britpip7 and others but I will not post stuff that is off topic.

Good trading everyone!

--- 帖子 #538 ---
Thanks for the post - although the main goal is to stay true to the TMS approach, I am adding in my own approach as well as bringing in some of the older posts, as they are worth reading, so all posts relative to the approach are welcome.

When it comes to managing the trades I often switch back and forth, although my usual approach is to moe my SL to the las L for longs, H fo shorts.  I always find if I futz with the SL too much I get taken out and then whoosh - off it goes again.

Here are some of Big E's posts  from the time when he was really active and running the CH stochs thread. He had several approaches and this one uses the 21ema and 233ema. If this looks to be of interest, I suggest running some back tests on day charts and experimenting with the entries / add-ons. You may find that adding in the Fractals will also help. These are nice and clean charts - For the day charts I don't generally use the stochastics, but give it a try. It is always useful to have alternative approaches in the tool bag

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...44#post4305744

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...61#post4073561

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...79#post4094079

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...01#post4114501

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...55#post4114755

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...68#post4114768

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...57#post4146957

--- 帖子 #539 ---
Once again the markets ability to continue to move against me has out lasted my solvency....

I'm going to have to reload my mini account.

--- 帖子 #540 ---
As I've done with other traders - time to share the pain.

For lessons learned, what went wrong?

How was the TDI set up?

Candle strength of the move?

Signal Candle

Entry Candle

Or, was this a WTF moment?

Please post some charts so that we can review and learn

--- 帖子 #541 ---
Looking at the charts, this looked ike a good sample of set-up candles for APB - nice sized candle body with upper and lower wicks and in each of the highlighted candles, the candle size was larger then the ATR(7).  No dojis / spinning tops, etc.

Also, there is nothing wrong with a signal candle that only has an upper wick for longs ans a lower wick for shorts.

To be a valid signal candle for a reversal signal I am looking for the candle size to be at least 75% of the ATR(7), with the candle body around 50pips or larger.

--- 帖子 #542 ---
All very important points, but no mention of Money Management, Position Sizing, also very important when trying kill an ELEPHANT with a pellet gun

--- 帖子 #543 ---
For these examples what would you suggest for Money Management, Position Sizing?

--- 帖子 #544 ---
Without the exact details of each setup, this cannot be answered, HOWEVER ------

Money Management with Position Sizing is EASY, the only thing you have control of in ANY trade is the RISK.

Basic procedure for every trade should be to know, ---

1. Trigger, why you are enter this trade? Do you have logical reason or are you just shooting like wild west?

2. Stop Loss, what will I accept as the point which invalidates #1?

3. Entry point, where to place a pending order that triggers when PRICE moves in the desired direction?

The way to control RISK is to change the Position Size depending on the distance to the Stop Loss, use a calculator for this.

Not the 2 examples, the stop distance has doubled, position size is approximately half but the RISK is always $200 or 2% of account size.

This is DAY trading thread, so no reason why anyone can not plot these trades well in advance, price action ( just going up or down ) is the same for every time frame, this is 15 min but could be a daily chart.

--- 帖子 #545 ---
Just wondering if you always risk 2% of account size regardless of setup ??

--- 帖子 #546 ---
Yes, a trade signal is a trade signal to my method; there are no degrees of probability, which I where I figure you are going with this line of questioning. See below ----

Trading in the Zone: The 5 Fundamental Truths

by Trader Rich

I finished reading "Trading in the Zone" by Mark Douglas yesterday.  For those of you who haven’t heard of it or read it, I would highly recommend it.  Douglas doesn’t offer any specific strategies to becoming a successful trader but advises that the first step to becoming a successful trader is to accept the psychological realities of trading.

A lot of what he advises, I have consciously accepted but the goal is for my subconscious to fully accept it so that it actually becomes part of who I am.  Our beliefs are engrained in our minds and a lot of these beliefs don’t allow us to think like successful traders.  The process by which we can start to think like successful traders involves "deactivating" these engrained beliefs and activate new beliefs.  The new belief will take form and become part of our subconscious.

He mentions the importance of the 5 fundamental truths which we must train our minds to accept:

1.    Anything can happen

2.    You don’t need to know what is going to happen next in order to make money

3.    There is a random distribution between wins and losses for any given set of variables that define an edge

4.    An edge is nothing more than an indication of a higher probability of one thing happening over another

5.    Every moment in the market is unique

Here are his 7 principles of consistency:

1.    I objectively identify my edges

2.    I predefine the risk of every trade

3.    I completely accept the risk or I am willing to let go of the trade

4.    I act on my edges without reservation or hesitation

5.    I pay myself as the market makes money available to me

6.    I continually monitor my susceptibility for making errors

7.    I understand the absolute necessity of these principles.  I never violate them.

--- 帖子 #547 ---
I read this book therefore I keep changing my predefined risk based on that particular moment, for instance,  I will risk 2% when both the fighters are of equal strength but in case if one fighter is already injured I will probably raise the stake to 4% but again it is a personal choice.

Trade well.

--- 帖子 #548 ---
I have a similar view on this.

If one demonstrates that a repeatable success rate is achieved over a pre-determined time, then you already have limited the risk associated with a trade entry.

You must then understand what happens if within your probability of success, you experience a consecutive series of failures and the impact that would have on your account.

I tend to scale up after a repeated series of successes, then if I have a failure I scale back until I have a succession of 3 successes and then it is back to the plan...  Initiially I start out with 2% per entry and go from there.

At the end of the day, it is all down to the trading plan and the money management / risk tolerance.  You must accept that there will be losses and have an action plan to deal with the loss.  That's why there is always cognac in the cupboard

--- 帖子 #549 ---
There wasn't any real technical mistakes. Basically I got consumed with the greed and gambling feeling. I started jumping in every entry that looked good. I ended up running out of margin on a small move against me and my broker closed me out down 40 pips on one 70 pips on another. Both of which never reached my SL but went on to be positive trades just by then I was out. So then I loaded up and went for broke. The correct SL should have been 100 pips out but I could only let it move 20 pips against me. Which of course it did. I have $16 left. I hate demo trading. I have to trade with real money or I don't bother trading at all. This is NOT the first time I've done this since 2007. But I will say each time I reload it's with a lot less money than my first time in 2007.

I used to think well at least I'm not  . But that attitude is getting expensive.

--- 帖子 #550 ---
So once again after moving my stop loss i ended up getting stopped out for +100 pips on the Eur/Usd trade only to see that i would be at +250 pips if i was still in it lol.

Also my five demo trades are up 1,200 pips

--- 帖子 #551 ---
May I suggest to try on demo of leaving the trade alone after setting SL and TP which means nothing less will be accepted than TP or SL.

You will probably be surprised with the end result however every once in a while the trade will miss the TP by few pips and hit the SL out of nowhere.

It is worth giving a try.

--- 帖子 #552 ---
What did you set your SL to - how much breathing space?

ATR on EU has been running between 100 and 140 pips over the past few weeks.

If I move my SL, I will only move to the previous candle L for longs, H for lows - I do also look at recent ATR / candle sizes.  If I run with a TS I currently use 1.25XATR(7).

If I follow my trading plan, the TP1 either hits or it doesn't - at worst case on some trades I may move to B/E once I have some space from the entry point and the momentum looks good.

--- 帖子 #553 ---
Took this trade yesterday morning when it closed firmly above 100.0.  Added further position along the way and now in a waiting mode.

Time will tell how much ammo is left in this trade.

--- 帖子 #554 ---
Nice BRN approach - and this matches my approach for waiting for candles to close above S/R levels before entering.  I had R at 100.32 which is where the last push fell over.  100.70 should now be the new support level.

--- 帖子 #555 ---
The story of beast is the same as EURJPY, closed above 120.0 firmly and now seems to catching up the breath after yesterday's run. If clear 122.75 the next stop will probably be 125.0

--- 帖子 #556 ---
Here's one to check out.  The TDI has crossed and is below the Md Zone and below 50 - heading into 32 and PA is driving lower.

Weekly and monthly charts are both down.

If this breaks through the current support and BRN @ 1.4700, this is into new territory and has clear water underneath.

With ATR(7) at 101, SL should be at least 200pips, although the recent high would give you 270pips.

TP1 @ 200pips would not be a bad outcome and TP2 can be left to run - set to BE once TP1 is triggered.

The last 3 candles were 128 / 159 / 195 oldest to newest.  The most recent can be classified as bearish engulfing.

--- 帖子 #557 ---
Thursday's candle did dip below 1.4700, but closed 50 pips above that level.

Am I right to assume that you haven't gone short?

I'd imagine you're waiting for a confident close below 1.4700.

--- 帖子 #558 ---
That is correct - I am finding more often that it is best to wait for the close to be supported by momentum for the more significant S/R breaks.

When there is a strong S/R, there are often moves which will spike past the S/R and then retrace with the close not breaking through.  I have definitely suffered my share of false breakouts over the years, so time for a more conservative approach.

--- 帖子 #559 ---
...or leave it alone?

--- 帖子 #560 ---
Day chart still trending down and it is tracking with the mid term emas and is now within 170pips of the 200ema, which coincides with support @ 0.9064

No real signals for an exit although any long wick candle is a caution note and maybe I would move my SL to 0.9280, depending on how many pips I have at risk.  Having said that, every time I get too aggressive with my SL, it gets taken out!

--- 帖子 #561 ---
Hello mate.  On the chart you posted if you notice the TDI, although flattening is under the Bands.  You hvae not included the bands on your chart but if you load the bands (blue bands upper and lower) your see it.  According to theory if the green indicator is below the blue then you can Actually add more positions.

I could be wrong.  But just thought I would  share my 2 bits.

DD

--- 帖子 #562 ---
Thanks guys. You've convinced me to let the trade breathe.

The bit about green crossing the blue bands is quite interesting .

I could confirm it on my USDCHF chart.

--- 帖子 #563 ---
I'm sorry if I'm being stupid, but the Green and Red haven't crossed in this chart?

I can see it has crossed a blue line.  What is this blue line, and how should we use it for our entries/exits?  I had a good read through this thread but haven't been able to find it.

--- 帖子 #564 ---
Hello mate.

Maybe it was not clear what I said.

Have a look at the attacyhed chart.

As they say a picture is worth a 1000 words

DD

--- 帖子 #565 ---
Any thoughts?

--- 帖子 #566 ---
ROAR (I think)

--- 帖子 #567 ---
Great set-ups - now it is patience time as I do not enter trades of Fridays.

ej is pulling back at the moment - RSI is really high and this will keep me out until we have a momentum run to bring it sown mearer to a break of 50.  aj has a very similar profile.

I will check on these on sunday and see what the new candle for Monday is doing - it may be that this is a monday afternoon/evening play

--- 帖子 #568 ---
This was posted as a possible set up for a trade once support had been broken - the Green/Red is setting up but you are correct in that it has not completed the cross - I was not planning an entry on this until a candle closed below the support anf then continued with PA.

I posted a complete set of screenshots for my TMS Watchdog settings a while back as a pdf - it'll be in the attachments.  This is just for the Inputs and not for the colour of the lines which I will add and update the pdf over the weekend.  My RSI Green line is set to show the last candle move in Magenta - just my approach.

The full TDI "guidelines" continually evolve, however, this is my approach:

Crossing UpZone and DnZone lines

When the Green (RSI Price Line - Line 4) crosses the UpZone (Green dotted - Line 1) going long - this can be seen as an add-on signal - when it crosses the UpZone going short, close positions.

When the Green crosses the DnZone (Green dotted - line 3) going short- this can be seen as an add-on signal - when it crosses the UpZone going long, close positions.

Role of the Mid Zone

If the Green is crossing the Red (line 5 - Trade Signal Line) going long and they are doing so above the Mid Zone (Blue line), then this is often seen as a higher probability long entry position.

If the Green is crossing the Red going short and they are doing so belowthe Mid Zone, then this is often seen as a higher probability short entry position.

TDI Crosses

Not all Green/Red crosses are entries but they are certainly a heads up to go look at the Price Action and verify the move.  If there is a valid set-up candle, then look to enter on the next candle as the PA/momentum continues - this will also reinforce the TDI cross.

Green/Red Crosses from above the 68, often indicate a reverse - be aware of the possibility of a fakeout if this is near S/R levels.

Green/Red Crosses from below the 32 often indicate a reverse - be aware of the possibility of a fakeout if this is near S/R levels.

Once a candle closes, the TDI positions are locked and they are only in motion during the current candle's life time.

--- 帖子 #569 ---
Thank you

--- 帖子 #570 ---
Thank you Brit, I'll try that system.

--- 帖子 #571 ---
All entry rules from the first post seem to apply:

--- 帖子 #572 ---
Looks like a very nice set up - htere were a bunch of nice patterns approaching entry points for today - now it is all up to the PA fairies.

I'll check in later this evening in about 4 hours.

--- 帖子 #573 ---
And the PA stalled - depending on where your entry is set. Currently a strong Set-Up Candle was in place on 1/27, and the PA did not break the SUC Low until 1/30, which then pulls the TDI lower and confirms the cross. The 1/30 candle did pull back 40 pips in it's final hours which did flatten the momentum. MY SUC would be the 1/30 candle with a sell stop based 10 pips below the 1/30 Low.

The attached chart is a summary of possibilties and I have put the Synergy APB and overlaid the nar chart so that you can see PA with the APB.

I have a more conservative etry with waiting for my RSI value to be blow 50 for a short SUC and above 50 for long SUC - this does occassionally give up some pips on entry - so this is a personal choice.

SUC - Set Up Candle - Change in Colour / TDI Cross / RSI crossed the 50 / PA breaks the H/L of the SUC

EC - Entry Candle

AOC Add-On Candle - usually on a Fractal Break

(My pooter is having a Microsoft moment - updates are preventing me from adding attachments - chart to follow!)

--- 帖子 #574 ---
So in that last chart, if that second last candle (which you put the stop below) had have had a solid body, would you have entered on it?

I was also wondering if you change your TP's or SL when counter trend trading?  I find myself getting stung trying to find reversals quite often.  I am going to start avoiding trading against a significantly sloping 50 ema

Feel free to tell me to go through the thread again if you already answered that.

--- 帖子 #575 ---
Well after placing some bad trades im getting crushed.Im down 300 pips.More than i ever been.Thats what i get for thinking i got this thing figured out.Im gonna go cry now

--- 帖子 #576 ---
Which trades did you take?

--- 帖子 #577 ---
I guess my question is what FXBackTest has already asked: Why didn't you take the third red candle? Is it because it pulled back in it's final hours?

--- 帖子 #578 ---
From the Set Up Candle I look for the entry based on the SUC H/L.  Ususally there will be a wick to the SUC so the entry point is taken when the H/L of the wick is broken.

If the H/L of the SUC is not broken, then I do not have an entry.  I can then do the following:

a) leave the pending trade in place until the entry point is achieved - this can take several candles so extreme patience is required.

b) cancel the pending trade and wait for another SUC.

If the TDI flattens out then PA is stalling.

The momentum of a day candle is dictated by what it does in the final 6 hours of it's life.  If it pulls back, then wait for PA to resume.

I MUST have PA to confirm the TDI cross / bounce.

There are a number of training charts that show Set Ups and Entries - Keep watching for new charts / examples.

--- 帖子 #579 ---
If one of these candles is in play following a Set-Up Candle - DO NOT ENTER!

--- 帖子 #580 ---
I don't get it. Mind to elaborate? Thanks

--- 帖子 #581 ---
http://www.google.nl/search?sourceid...ecision+candle

--- 帖子 #582 ---
Good thing I heeded your advice and didn't go short at market, but instead placed a sell stop @ 119,50 (10 pips below the low of the 1/30 SUC) which didn't trigger.

Been burned before many a time when going short right away.

--- 帖子 #583 ---
Support @ 1,2900 got broken.

I placed a sell stop earlier at 1,2850.

This is about 20 pips below the low of 1/18's candle.

--- 帖子 #584 ---
I see some interesting possibilities on the daily charts, that i thought i'd share with y'all...

EURCAD sell @1.3115 SL 1.3250 TP 1.2953 - bouncing off upper channel in a downtrend & tdi crossed after re-entering volatility bands. only negative is angle of cross is 'iffy'.

GBPCHF buy @1.4504 SL 1.4334 TP 1.4716 - bouncing off lower channel in an uptrend & likely snb intervention on the horizon. candle kinda small though.

EURGBP sell @0.8301 SL 0.8411 TP .8175 - coming off upper channel in a downtrend, nice tdi cross angle & nice big candle. but this pair is not a big mover, and it's already moved 80 pips since today's london open.

I think i've caused myself 'paralysis by analysis', and have not entered these trades yet - though i am sorely tempted.

Anyone else wanna jump in the pool with me?

Charles

--- 帖子 #585 ---
smathew do you use synergy candles?

The stop that you put in at 1.2850 would still be 20 pips or so above the low (wick) of the 31/1 candle which reached down to about 1.2830.

Also the tdi is already down near the 32 level.

EUR/JPY is looking good if it can get below the 30/1 candle.

--- 帖子 #586 ---
Say there was a good setup candle, you placed your pending order above/below the high/low and it got triggered.  When the candle that triggered your order finally closed, it now looked like this indicision candle, would you close your position?

--- 帖子 #587 ---
I do not have any current examples of that scenario - mostly if it meets my set up and entry criteria, the trade will run for at least a full candle which usually allows to move the SL to BE.

Limited options on this as it does happen.

1. let it run for at least one full candleand then make the call - usually I will let it run for 3 candles before making a decision or until the SL is triggered.

2, Close and look for another option - depends how close this is to S/R (Check out the gbp/aud - good example of nothing really setting up) - I have modified my entry rule for trading S/R breaks, but if it the PA does stall then I am looking to exit and re-enter following a close below/above the S/R

The attached chart is more confirmation of a good set up and entry,

--- 帖子 #588 ---
GBPUSD has reached the 200sma on the Daily chart, will we be seeing a downtrend soon? In October and November 2011 the pair couldn't get through after an uptrend.

Will keep an eye on this pair, missed the uptrend from 16 January. Looking for a reversal, if there is a reversal here it probably also occurs on other pairs (eurusd, audusd etc.)

Because it could mark the end of the major USD sell of we have seen in January.

Any ideas on this?

--- 帖子 #589 ---
Looks like a trend continuation right now - great looking pattern now it is clearing 1.58.

Next challenge is getting past 1.61 which will push into the Nov resistance.

--- 帖子 #590 ---
Can't and won't argue wit you

Just thought I spotted a possible reversal, didn't took a short.

Will keep an eye on this pair

--- 帖子 #591 ---
No problem.  We don't argue on FF threads - we just have lively discussions

My thoughts on this is that I would not enter at this point - too far into the trend.

I will look for a possible entry point / add-on type entry following a pause/pullback.

Another possible entry point will be following the 200ema breakthrough confirmation which at a minimum will be a candle close above followed by additional PA.

As always, watch for the reversal patterns especially if the EU is getting shorted.  Ususal entry criteria apply.

--- 帖子 #592 ---
Hopefully AUDNZD will take a dive soon.

--- 帖子 #593 ---
The green hasn't actually crossed the red on the 3rd red candle so I would personally be wary of this trade, candle bodies are small which would indicate a weak bearish reversal.

--- 帖子 #594 ---
Not sure if there's any SNB intervention to worry about.

--- 帖子 #595 ---
May head down..

--- 帖子 #596 ---
TDI close to 32..

--- 帖子 #597 ---
NFP stirred up some action on multiple pairs, including GBPCAD..

--- 帖子 #598 ---
Looks similar to AUDCHF.

I'm wondering if these NFP induced surges today will last.

For all we know we'll be looking at ranging again next week..

--- 帖子 #599 ---
PA appears to be past resistance.

TDI however is already well above 68..

--- 帖子 #600 ---
After getting cocky and taking some bone head trades then on top of all that staying in when i should have gotten out.....I  have taken my biggest loss ever.O well Even in defeat its a valuable lesson learned so it evens it up for me.

--- 帖子 #601 ---
Sorry to hear that - does this mean the trading plan needs revisions or you were doing something you should not have been doing?

--- 帖子 #602 ---
The talking heads are suggesting au will push higher, especially considering what gold is doing and that aud is really tied to gold.

Whatever the talking heads are sprouting - PA is the king - even with TDI above 68, it can push higher, so this is when you should look to the Compass approach and when the TDI upper zone is broken, that qualifies as an entry.

I am posting some trading charts for au - however, just to expand the brain cells, there will be no TDI as I was working on one of my other set ups - still valid for PA.

--- 帖子 #603 ---
This why I do not trade news releases and only trade the higher time frames

--- 帖子 #604 ---
More charts form the hindsight academy

These are based on the AUD/USD current trend and the only reason that there is no TDI is  that this is one of my test set-ups.

I am posting both the candlestick chart and the APB chart and again this shows the benefits of scaling into a trade after locking in some profits.

The risk is that you are adding into your position, so money management is critical here.  Moving SL to a previous fractal in this example would keep you safe.

--- 帖子 #605 ---
This is a chart set up that I am testing for the Day Chart (the Big E set up was actually 21/233 and I have adjusted the template accordingly) - I do still use the TDI and as part of my back testing processes I will try out other methods to see if the results differ with different approaches.

The 21/233 EMA approach was a technique that Big E was using on the lower timeframes before the TMS Thread was started.  Basically when 21 crosses 233 go long and add on - opposite for going short.

I am adapting this to my Day Chart trading approach.

Essentially my methodology stays true to Post #1 - the indicators may vary, but the approach is pure Price Action.

If all of the entry criteria line up, the resulting trade has a high probability of succeeding.

--- 帖子 #606 ---
GBP/AUD - Sell

AUD/USD - Buy

AUD/Jpy  - Buy

GBP/CAD - Sell

AUD/CAD - Buy

Any comments?

--- 帖子 #607 ---
GBP/AUD - Sell - Engulfing bear candle - clear water below

AUD/USD - Buy - Broke 1.075 resistance PA trending - late entry on a trend - possible entry

AUD/Jpy  - Buy - Good pattern - 2 major resistance levels to break in teh next 150 pips

GBP/CAD - Sell - not one of the ones I watch

AUD/CAD - Buy - ditto

As in all cases the Friday close needs to be supported by PA on Monday

--- 帖子 #608 ---
Both.I havent been having as much time to study as i did before.Also i been impatient with my trades.Wanting to build up my account too fast and got greedy.Its all just lessons though.Im still less than six months into forex so ill get it eventually.

--- 帖子 #609 ---
Hi David,

Interesting concept, to take Synergy to the daily's.

How do you find the transition with trades per quarter etc ?

less than the 4hr ?. but higher expectancy?.

Often dabbled with the daily's, but being of the impatient nature never

got past the demo stage..

Good reading....Ja

--- 帖子 #610 ---
Hi KC,

Position sizeing is crucial to staying "a-live" in forex trading....

Are you setting a standard lot size, but have different pip-size stops ?.

If It helps, this is what i do..... Whether my stop is 40 pips or 240 pips

I still only trade 1% of my account.

To make it nice and quick I use an indicator, volume calculator, it takes care of all the conversion's

for the quote currency to base currency etc.

It does this instantly, so i can concentrate on getting my order filled or

setting my pending order.

If you already do this this please except my appology's for rambling on !!

If you dont I could post the volume calculator, its very easy to install..

Ja..

--- 帖子 #611 ---
Or you can just use this site http://www.earnforex.com/position-size-calculator

--- 帖子 #612 ---
I need some assistance regarding setting up of ATR(7) indicator. Originally it was multiplier 300 and period 20. I changed the period to 7. Am I to change the multiplier also? If so how much? I would appreciate if some one help me and advice in this regard.

--- 帖子 #613 ---
all indicator settings in post#1

--- 帖子 #614 ---
Thank you Britpip. Though I read it all about 6 weeks back  I have some how missed it.

--- 帖子 #615 ---
Ja - I am still really focused on the PA - I did start using Heikin Ashi and then switched to ATD but now mostly use traditional candles. Regardless of the indicators, there are always opportunities for false signals but the day charts do minimize the risk.

What I do like about the ATD is the colour change and in particular the configuration of a good set-up candle.  So the real answer is that I'll often look for the set up with both charts running - sometimes overlaying the price bars onto ATD to verify PA/momentum.

Big E had always pointed out, once the colour change occurs you will on average get 3 to 8 additional candles of the new colour.  However, you still must pay attention to your entry candles, especially where the PA is stalling or does not follow through, which is when you do need to watch the actual candles/price bars and/or drop down to get a better view of PA.

Attached is a great example of APB not following expectations and stalling out even though the set up candle low did run 40pips lower than the colour change candle low.  Price stalled and now you are stuck with a stalled trade going into a weekend - unfortunate, but it can happen.  By the way, this trade entry broke my entry criteria, so another great example of following your trading plan to keep you out of less than AAA entries!

--- 帖子 #616 ---
David, thanks for reply,

I agree PA is king, its just how we interpret our strategy around it....

Ja.

--- 帖子 #617 ---
I went back to post #1 and went over it.  Could not find any reference to ATD.  What is ATD please??

DD

--- 帖子 #618 ---
Typo maybe?  I think he means APB - average price bar but not sure, just a guess.

--- 帖子 #619 ---
Indeed - it was a typo - sorry about that

--- 帖子 #620 ---
Watching around 30 pairs, but hardly any action.

Britpip, did you take any recent trade that failed / worked out?

--- 帖子 #621 ---
Trade still open. Not moving all that much.

--- 帖子 #622 ---
Kind of a "hope" trade

--- 帖子 #623 ---
I am sitting on eu short which has decided not to do very much - This is 5 days in to the trade.

Also in process is the eur/nzd after it broke and closed below the latest support.

Wait and see I am afraid.  One thing with trading day charts, and waiting for the day to close before trading, it makes for quite a non-eventful day when things are slow.  No new entry signals and the charts tell you that you are in conjestion.  When the break outs occur, they should be easy to spot after flat lining for so long!

--- 帖子 #624 ---
..to your breakout analysis.

I'll have to brush up on my knowledge of breakout detection. No doubt Babypips will prove to be useful again.

--- 帖子 #625 ---
Look for your trading ranges to narrow which will be the conjestion area and then a breakout is a candle closing above/below the Upper/Lower levels of the range - should look like a reversal with a strong TDI cross and good PA / momentum

--- 帖子 #626 ---
Thank you for coming back mae.  was totally confused.

Good trades

DD

--- 帖子 #627 ---
As the trading range narrows over a longer period of time, the EMAs flatten out as does the TDI which will drift back to 50 as will the RSI, so no momentum.

Quite a few examples of this - E/U, NZ/U, GB/NZ, EU/NZ, EJ

Now watch for breakouts on your favourite pairs - candles to close above/below the range with TDI cross and PA momentum

--- 帖子 #628 ---
[IMG]http://s8.postimage.org/v67l0y99t/setup1.jpg[/IMG]

Fractal has been broken, thus we go long ?

or should wait till candle close and next candle to open?

Thanks !

--- 帖子 #629 ---
Looking at some of the recent patterns and especially EU, it woud be of no surprise if the current 2/7 candle is a false set up.  I am sitting back and still watching this one, but the typical pattern is for a large bull candle followed by an engulfing bear candle and then followed by a bear run.

Currently I see 1.3200 as a major resistance with more possibility of a bear move than anything else.

Of course, these are purely my thoughts - but severe caution with anyone looking to go long until this confirms as a breakout to the up side!

As usual - all thoughts are welcome.

--- 帖子 #630 ---
I would have to agree with you Britpip, caution is key,

I have a major trend line at 1.3238 ( 1/1/1991 monthly swing high close )

I would like to see the daily bar of EURUSD close above this, and use it as support.

Ja.

--- 帖子 #631 ---
IMHO all entry rules applied.

Plus TDI is past upper blue band, which is a buy trigger (right?)

--- 帖子 #632 ---
Interesting comment on the TDI crossing the upper band - 2 entries on this trend - initial TDI cross and on the initial cross of the upper band.

Not sure I see an additional TDI entry but I will check my charts later - still suffering technology issues!

Possible additional entry after closing above the 200EMA if supported by ongoing PA

--- 帖子 #633 ---
If there EUR/JPY can get above the resistance level at around 102.25 there maybe a good entry if the current or next candle can get there.

--- 帖子 #634 ---
Here's my GU Day chart - TDI seems to be different from your chart - which version of TDI are you using?

Comments on this chart -Resistance at 1.5900 currently holding - will depend on 2/8 candle

Candle High for 2/6 is 1.5904

Candle Close for 2/6 is 1.5889 and is above 200EMA and angle of 5EMA is good.

Previous Fractal High was 1.5881 on 2/1

Entries around the Big Round Numbers are not usually my favourite so I'll sacrifice 15 or 20 pips especially when there is a fractal really close by.  This means that the GU with the Fractal on 2/1, my entry would sit at 1.5920.

If this price is hit, the TDI will probably break the Upper Band again.  With entries at this level of TDI, it really is in the overbought area.  When the upper band is at a lower level - a cross to the upside is good entry - not so sure at the current levels.

This is a pattern/scenario for this pair that can be looked at with some back testing to see how often you get a TDI entry with a cross of the upper band holding a value of 70+.

My assessment for this pair is that this is a lower probability entry.  LO will determine the outcome so best of luck.

--- 帖子 #635 ---
there is an additional level at 102.50 but set up is looking good.

--- 帖子 #636 ---
When I woke up 12 hours ago to go to work, I saw your reply.

I realized I had overlooked the fact that TDI was already well into the overbought zone.

Looking to the left seems to apply to indicators as well...

I immediately decided to close the trade at +6

Good thing I did cause PA reversed and I'd be looking at -100 by now...

I've attached my TDI settings.

--- 帖子 #637 ---
Congratulations on exiting from a low probability set up - that is excellent.

Upon discovering that you are in a trade that on reflection reveals that you should not be - close it!  Do not sit in the trade and turn it into a "Hope Trade".

What I have seen more often is that when I have a trade that triggers or that I enter and then the PA stalls, often the pair will move into consolidation mode.  Once you lose the momentum, the pair can do anything - the set-up / entry signal was therefore not valid.

Better to exit and look for new opportunities than sit in a trade and watch it drift away and eventually hil the SL.

--- 帖子 #638 ---
Price is stalling at strong support: 0,9120.

I've closed the trade I had open for two weeks at +150.

Perhaps I should've pulled the plug on Feb 2 when PA bounced off support again...

--- 帖子 #639 ---
Hi everyone

Just want to introduce myself. I'm trading forex and indecies for ab a year with mixed results . Like your system as it does not require being constantly in front of the screen.

Very interesting thread. I was reading this thread for some time and now trying to make it work.

Looking at GBPUSD chart now. It seems that we have a correction or reversal. 3 red candles, Yesterday candle closed below EMA, TDI crossed down from 68 area down.

What would be the SL and TP for this set up.( i saw Britpip7  calculations at the  beginning of the thread, but not comfortable with it yet)

Any help or comments are welcome.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #640 ---
Hi I O,

Personally i Would not trade this possible entry,

my Reasons are....

1, Trading into resistance @ 1.5750

If you set stop at say 1.59, would you have the R-R you are looking for

to make this trade worth while.

2, If I was going to trade against the daily trend, i would wait for a large volume bar to close over 5 MA, and preferably take out some important levels below, and start to use them as support.

Some of the others might play this different..

only imho.......Ja

Hope this helps

--- 帖子 #641 ---
Thanks for your input j4d!

I will try to analyze the chart using your info.

--- 帖子 #642 ---
Just thought i would add a chart to explain my reasoning...

If Todays bar on AUDNZD closes past 5 ma and tdi line has crossed

It might be a worth while entry.

--- 帖子 #643 ---
Hi and welcome

Interesting chart at the moment - there is a previous resistance which was broken and an upcoming Fractal Low to get through, The APB candle looks like a nice set-up candle, even though the TDI cross was 2 candles earler - but then I always look for PA to confirm the TDI signals.

I don't trade on a Friday, so this for me is a good one for the watch list.

--- 帖子 #644 ---
Hers's my views for the coming week - this is the full list of currencies that I watch.  However, my trading metrics will show that 80% of my trades are on the 3 Amigos, followed by EJ, EA, EN, AJ, so there is a very strong case for focussing on a smaller set of pairs as opposed to trying to pick from everything that is available!

EU - divergence in play - nice shape for a set-up candle and TDI looking to cross - chart attached

GU - divergence in play - already crossed so mayb late for an entry unless this pauses and goes again  -  nice set-up with the Fractal Low

AU - divergence in play - same story as EU

AJ - will probably follow AU but doesn't look the strongest of set-ups

NU - TDI bounce is in place - if the 3 Amigos all run south, so will NU

EA - nice pull back at the moment - major resistance at 1.2500

GA - Still looks to be congested with a fair degree of chop

EN - similar to EA and will start to run into resistance at 1.6100

GN - very similar to GA

EJ - was having a very nice run with a 3 white knight set up but now the latest candle is showing as an inside candle - watch for the break on Monday - Sunday will very likely give a second inside candle

GJ - showing divergence, if this runs south then it may drag EJ with it - also watch what the 3 Amigos get up to!

CH/J - similar set up to EJ

U/CH - still consolidating and waiting for direction

A/CH - not convinced on the pull back - lots of support at 0.9700

Good pip hunting everyone

--- 帖子 #645 ---
----------------------------------------------------

Thank you sincerely for the detailed analysis.

This helps us newbies immensely in our learning process.

For example, this has solidified my earlier thinking (which was somewhat shaky) of shorting EU and AU upon market opening on Sunday evening (of course, after reviewing afresh at that time).

--- 帖子 #646 ---
From the earlier review, here's the EJ chart with candlesticks.

And now we wait for the break out

--- 帖子 #647 ---
Should it occur a D lower high following divergence normally a very high prob trade.

--- 帖子 #648 ---
Great thread and thanks vantage for sharing.

--- 帖子 #649 ---
I discovered BigE system about a month ago and thought I would drop here and say "hi" before this thread develops into another 900+ pages monster .

I just completed Babypips school a couple of months ago, played with a demo account and started trading with my first real $100 mini account since February. I work full time and my employer has this weird (and totally unreasonable, if you ask me!) idea that during the work time the employees are supposed ... to work and not stare at the forex charts...

This leaves with me an obvious choice of using the daily charts. As a newbie I also find them less stressful so I can take time to do the analysis and not worry about the candle changing the color.

I am still in the early stages of learning and practicing and so far the most difficult part for me personally is not the issue of "when to take the trade" (this one is actually very easy, thanks to Big E!), but rather "when not to take the trade".

Anyway, I will be happy to be around and contribute in any way I can, although taking into account my experience (or rather the lack thereof) my contributions will probably be in the area of "stupid-newbie-mistakes-to-avoid".

Happy and fun trading to everyone!

Michael

--- 帖子 #650 ---
Perhaps it will trigger!

--- 帖子 #651 ---
I saw this message on page 32:

I know this guy has been banned from the thread but we may be throwing the baby out with the bathwater here.

He certainly has a point.

As a new user of this system my first entries were exactly like he said: at the higher highs or lows of the entry candle.

So I wanted to improve my entries and decided to switch to 5M charts once I identify an entry opportunity. This was a little bit better than just simple jumping into the trend but still it meant that I was entering the trend at the lower level of the current hour.

What I am using now: I place a pending entry order a little bit below or above the close level of the entry candle. Sometimes my entry is hit the same day and sometimes only the next day, which is in a way a slight violation of BigE's rules since we are entering on the third candle (but for a day chart this is probably OK).

So what do you guys think of this approach?

How do you manage your entries?

--- 帖子 #652 ---
I took this trade on demo.Even though the candles arent looking the way i would like its all the way at the 68 level so i feel like its gotta reverse back in the other direction.At least for a little while.I cant see it going up much farther but then again it could lol.

**edit** now that i look at it again it appears it could go sideways for a little while.

--- 帖子 #653 ---
Michael - I nuked this guy because he wasn't posting to the thread but wanting folks to PM him and he wasn't disclosing a method - no real time to go and jump on another "new system" and did not want the thread distracted.

Pure Price Action and candle formations on the day chart with the entry criteria as posted on Post #1.

Also look for the training charts.

--- 帖子 #654 ---
Looks like EU and GU are forming HS.

--- 帖子 #655 ---
Certainly GU is looking encouraging with the recent candle formations - always like to see the long tails forming before a push on the short side.

Nice reversal pattern setting up on EU

--- 帖子 #656 ---
Fair enough, I understand that, it is your your call

I get that. I guess my problem was and still is: how do you define the perfect entry: as low as possible for the long trades or as high as possible for the short ones?

But then I guess this issue is a universal problem for any forex system

Best,

Michael

--- 帖子 #657 ---
From Post #1
Trade Entires:

Is there such a thing as a perfect set up? My ideal scenario would be the following for long entries for reversals (and they do happen):

PA moves with ATR(1) at 75% or higher of ATR(7)

RSI moving above 50

TDI cross within the last 2 or 3 candles and moving up from the 32 region

5EMA broken to the upside

Day chart showing recent trading range of swings with 500+pips (next resistance level 500pips away)

For short entries:

PA moves with ATR(1) at 75% or higher of ATR(7)

RSI moving below 50

TDI cross within the last 2 or 3 candles and moving down from the 68 region

5EMA broken to the downside

Once you develop an understanding for what the candles and the PA patterns are telling you, it gets easier. For day charts there is some great info on You Tube from Oz Trader - obviously he is selling his wares, but worth a watch and worth spending a couple of hours digestiing the charts and candle patterns. Disclaimer - I am not endorsing his training classes / other services and I have not subscribed to anything that he sells.

I like this approach - minimal to no indicators - he occoassionally has one or two MAs on the chart - all Price Action and simple for day charts - wait for day candle to close - analyse patterns / support / resistance and go from there.

--- 帖子 #658 ---
So glad to have stumbled upon this thread, cannot wait to start using it. I will begin the demo this week and see how it goes.

--- 帖子 #659 ---
Very nice candle patterns for a reversal with a succession of Lower Highs and Lower Lows.

PA moving away from 200ema

RSI continues to drop

Nice TDI lower bounce and heading down to challenge 50 and probably lower.

--- 帖子 #660 ---
I am watching those EMA's also, need the AUD to come down off it's HIGH, and CAD + JPY to pick up their act and get these 6 main pairs travelling together again, or 3 together and 3 opposite is what I mean; as they used to do !!!

--- 帖子 #661 ---
Great reversal set-up but still needs PA to follow through

Also with the inside candles, looking fro the current candle to continue and set a new low

PA moving back towards 200ema

Bouncing off of Resistance of 1.7150

--- 帖子 #662 ---
Also entered short on the break down of the support @ 1.5717

SL 1.5834 ( just above previous day high)

TP1 1.5583 ( 50% Fib extention of the move up from 1.53)

TP2 1.5500 ( 61% Fib ext)

Any comments on SL and TP. I read that you set it up according to ATR multiples, but i have hot done this before and would like to see how it works.

All comments on rights or wrongs are very appreciated.

--- 帖子 #663 ---
Thanks for the tip, I'll check it.

--- 帖子 #664 ---
Based on exhaustive back testing and also dcginc's posts on the TMS thread, it became clear that the max drawdown rarely exceeded 2XATR(7) based on the value at time of entry.

With the current au set up, the pin bar candle from Monday has an ATR(7) value of 93pips. the most recent Fractal High value was 1.0843 which is only about 160 pips off of current price.

With 2XATR(7) you would have a SL of 186 pips which is probably too much considering the reversal in play, so I would place my SL 10 pips above the Fractal High (swing high).

TP would be 186 pips for my first entry and left open for the second position and manually manage the SL accordingly.

--- 帖子 #665 ---
Up 70 pips.

A number of possible short trades are currently developing.

Mostly xxxCAD pairs. EURUSD looks good too.

--- 帖子 #666 ---
I'm going short on AUD/CAD, good healthy cross on TDi, and even though PA is bullish, RSI is bearish which would give an overall bearish signal.

http://i49.photobucket.com/albums/f2...chartusd-2.gif

--- 帖子 #667 ---
My personal preference would be to wait for the day candle to close and then assess PA/momentum as it looks to be pulling back - 21ema may hold as a support level.

--- 帖子 #668 ---
Let's see how this one develops..

--- 帖子 #669 ---
My thought here is that your TP1 is below the BRN of 1.3000 and you are facing Fractal Lows at 1.3026 and 1.3025, so this gives you 2 potential support levels to get through.

After that it should be clear sailing for the next 300 pips

--- 帖子 #670 ---
Also dealing with the right shoulder of a inverted H&S if any of you trade patterns.  And to be a failed inverted H&S it has to break below the right shoulder (RED line) which is all the areas BritPip spoke of above.  I am looking at this trade after the Break.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #671 ---
Eventually this pair started moving but still a long way to go for TP.

--- 帖子 #672 ---
Looks like EJ is making a break for it.

Inside candle has broken to the upside and has broken the previous Fractal High.

--- 帖子 #673 ---
This is not a pattern that I have traded before so feel free to comment

This looks like an Inside Candle following a H&S set-up.

All I would do on this would be to trade the inside candle break out!

--- 帖子 #674 ---
[quote=Britpip7;5383830]Based on exhaustive back testing and also dcginc's posts on the TMS thread, it became clear that the max drawdown rarely exceeded 2XATR(7) based on the value at time of entry....

Thanks for your input. will try to use it in my next trades

--- 帖子 #675 ---
Hi all,

I thought I would share my worst and best trades that I had so far.

This one was taken on February 6, 2012:

USD/JPY, long

Reasons for entering: TDI crossed one (day) candle before and trend is confirmed RSI still below 50 Angle is OK Candle shapes indicate strong up trend (no lower wicks) Weekly trend was actually down at the time of entry but it was clearly exhausting with longer close wicks and the current week formed a spinning top candle Trade was closed on February 13th with a profit of +90 pips.

Here are the open/close screenshots:

http://img196.imageshack.us/img196/6...usdjpylong.png

http://img840.imageshack.us/img840/5...ylongclose.png

And as far as this goes:

This one is EUR/NZD, taken on February 10, 2012:

Reasons for entering: TDI crossed one (day) candle before and trend is confirmed RSI still below 50 Angle is good Candle shapes indicate strong up trend (no lower wicks) Weekly  trend confirms direction up Trade hit stop loss on February 13th, 2012 at -127 pips

http://img822.imageshack.us/img822/4...dlongentry.png

I guess this was my way of learning why entering trades on Friday should be avoided <bang-your-head-against-the-wall smiley goes here> , since to me in all other aspects this trade's setup was almost perfect.

Another mistake I made is actually covered in this article and I wish I read it earlier, since I did exactly what they talk about in the article -- I let my bad trade run too long and cut my good trade a bit prematurely.

P.S. Sorry if the images will take all of your screen space, I am still learning my way around with this forum...

--- 帖子 #676 ---
Hi,

I took identical trade to yours on this one. setup looks promising.

My tps are more conservative though. using 4h chart as areas for TP.

--- 帖子 #677 ---
I am short on GU - this triggered on Friday despite my rules for not trading on Fridays!  Looks to be +50 at the moment.

Also short on E/NZ which triggered on Feb 3rd but has been sulking ever since - by following my entry criteria and SL settings, the trade survived the mini pull back and is now showing +100

I was on EJ for a few days but it pulled back and I closed it for a loss of 15 and then it took off again - some times you ignore your trading plan at your peril!  On hindsight, probably not a terrible decision looking at last nights PA on the candle.

I have started moving the SL to protect some profit, so these are both sitting at worst case Break Even.

Charts to follow later tonight - I now have a new hard drive for my laptop and can start to rebuild, so fingers crossed for a painless process

--- 帖子 #678 ---
EU indeed has a hard time getting past support.

I'll adjust my TP.

I usually don't notice chart patterns

Just the occassional 1-2-3..

TDI is coming down from about 65 with still a long way to go down.

Hopefully that will prove to be the deciding factor.

My TP's are based on ATR(7), as recommended by the topic starter.

I'm not used to referencing lower or higher TF's at all when trading D1.

Both GU and EU keep tipping their toes in the water but too scared to dive in..

I did notice E/NZ as well, however I passed on it since TDI was around 32..

E/J same story mirrored: TDI approaching 68..

--- 帖子 #679 ---
So i took two trades on the 14th

Eur/Usd currently  +82

Gbp/Usd currently +13

Both short.

So lately i have been back to doing some chart studying.I have noticed somethings and i also watched some of those videos by oz trader that brit pip was talking about.

I dont know when im gonna do it but eventually im gonna start trading pure price action.No indicators no heiken ash candles or anything.

--- 帖子 #680 ---
As promised - here are the charts from the GU and E/NZ trades

Euro Zone generally down, so EU and GU running together although EU is running into te 1.3000 level of support, so this may stall the GU/

GU is +70.  TP1 is set at 200, TP2 is open.  SL was at 200 at trade entry and has now been moved to BE

AU is STILL trying to break out from the Inside Candle formation which is now 5 days old!  Frustrating!

E/NZ pulling back so no real chance to move SL past the BE point and as I write this it hit the SL, so no blood on that trade.

--- 帖子 #681 ---
smatthew,

Can teach how to use ATR to calculate stop loss and take profit?

Thank you.

--- 帖子 #682 ---
Have you read post # 1 or any of the training charts posted?

--- 帖子 #683 ---
Britpip,

Yes, seriously I did. But I never see any docu pertaining to ATR.

But I do sort of understand/figure how one use the ATR to derive the TP and SL but there is one thing I am not sure: how to enter / exit with the use of ATR.

Is it entering at the 2nd candle, thus using the ATR to calculate the exit & stoploss?

If above the 2 candles, the ATR cannot be used as it is no longer applicable?

Regards,

breeze

--- 帖子 #684 ---
Base your ATR(7) value from your set-up candle - go find the training charts on this

From Post # 1
SL and TP levels:
From the TMS thread - dcginc posted several posts on setting up SL and TP levels using the ATR(7) and I have stayed with the approach.

I base my SL on the current ATR(7) - usually 2XATR(7) or the previous swing H/L

TP1 for reversals is 2XATR(7) - for ranging market be more conservative - possibly 1XATR(7) - in fact it is worth initially running with 1XATR(7) for TP1 and see how it turns out. Usually on the day charts the ATR(7) is at least 70 pips.

TP2 - options here are to set TP2 at a higher multiple of the ATR(7) - I use 4XATR(7) for reversals and again, more conservative in ranging markets

For TP2, you can always leave this open and manually manage the trade

Once TP1 is hit, move TP2 to B/E and then manage to your trading plan.

--- 帖子 #685 ---
EU has not had a day candle close blow 1.3000, so currently not an entry.

The current candle is developing into a reversal signal as the PA bonces off of the 1.3000.

Looks like a very good possibility of this pair ranging in 1.3000 to 1.32/1.33 area

--- 帖子 #686 ---
EU now sitting 124 pips above the 1.3000, so very possible for the upwards bounce to continue.

For thos awaiting the continuation of the reversal short, patience

--- 帖子 #687 ---
Thank you, Sir.

--- 帖子 #688 ---
Britpip7:

Do you have a divergence indicator for TDI?

--- 帖子 #689 ---
Fraid not - I just eyeball the charts on day and go from there.

There is a Stochastic Divergence indicator - might be worht running some back testing with it - should come up in the search function

--- 帖子 #690 ---
what happened to this thread? lol anyway...

Im currently +125 pips on the Eur/Cad.Went short on the 29th

--- 帖子 #691 ---
I was wondering the same thing King.  I took the same trade.

--- 帖子 #692 ---
Greetings All,

I have had a bunch of other committments to deal with over the past couple of weeks, so the thread is not dead by any means - just resting .

I am still trading and still following all of the principals discussed here - Current week saw closed trades for + 200 with 2 trades still running with 140 pips locked in for eur/aud and aud/chf.

I am using the APB set up to watch for colour change and am running some interesting back testing based on that and managing add-ons with the H4 fractals which I will shae in a couple weeks along with training charts.

Just not had the time to post trades and comments - but that should not prevent the rest of you from carrying on and keeping the active discussions.

I am checking in on the threads for this / X-Man and TMS - just lurking at the moment.

My tech issues are also being resolved ans I building 2 laptops up from new disc drives - just takes a while.

--- 帖子 #693 ---
all dependant upon PA as usual

--- 帖子 #694 ---
Lots of opportunities for entries on this trend run - the draw downs should not be a concern, but even if your SL has been moved and gets triggered, there was always another entry point following new set up candles.

Lots of patience required on these types of runs - no real excitement or drama apart form closing out for large profits with a managed risk.

Look for these types of patterns on back testing - they repeat quite often over the space of the past couple of years.

--- 帖子 #695 ---
Another entry method can be using the main EMAs - once PA breaks the EMA, this can be an entry point with the TP being at the next major EMA.

Once the 200EMA is broken, there is a great probability of the trend holding for a good run.

Trade between the 21 and 100

Trade between the 100 and 200

Each of these can become floating S/R levels

--- 帖子 #696 ---
Here's one from last week with TP1 manually closed as it stalled initially for 120 pips.

TP2 currently has 100pips locked in.

--- 帖子 #697 ---
Looks like we have some strong support levels at 1.0700 and 1.0600.

I am not taking any short entries at this time - looking for a close below 1.0600.

Looks like a 270 pip range at the moment with PA tracking the 21EMA - very difficult to trade this on a day chart!

--- 帖子 #698 ---
Hi Brit thanks for posting so many screen shots and examples. One quick question what do you mean by SUC?

--- 帖子 #699 ---
Thanks Brit

--- 帖子 #700 ---
Posting 2 charts (position still open) as contributions.

Started day trading a while back and glad to say have been doing pretty well.

3 trades taken today

1. Long usd/cad closed off for 50pips

2. Short aud/usd positive 40 pips

3. short gpd/usd negative 50 pips

All of these trades taken based on cross of TDI. with some support and resistance lines, negative divergance. and fibo retracement.

[IMG]http://s14.postimage.org/b34jpreot/setup1.jpg[/IMG]

[IMG]http://s18.postimage.org/4d7d21iyt/setup2.jpg[/IMG]

--- 帖子 #701 ---
SUC = Set Up Candle - usually preceeds the entry candle by 1 candle which will have a TDI cross to confirm as Price Action confirms the move

--- 帖子 #702 ---
Thanks for the quick reply

--- 帖子 #703 ---
Looks like some interesting set-ups tonight on EU. AU and AJ.

AU and AJ have TDI crosses

EU is resting - watch for a move south

--- 帖子 #704 ---
I am in on AUD/JPY from yesterday's night, +60 pips so far. The only thing that kind of bothers is the -0.18 pips Roll Sell, but I guess nothing is ever perfect! .

--- 帖子 #705 ---
Trade 2 closed off for 90 pips

Trade 3 closed off for 50 pips.

3 other short trades taken today on EU/JPY, GBP/USD, EUR/USD and 1 Long trade on USD/CHF based on 4h TF (not daily TF) few hours ago all have hit TP. Total approximate 140 pips

To all using TMS method. Like what Britpip 7, Xman and others advised, do backtesting, find the confidence, and use it with other indicators.

--- 帖子 #706 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

105 pips so far, entered at 86.45 and it seems to keep going.

--- 帖子 #707 ---
the 3 Amigos all turned - this also means that USD/JPY and USD/NZD follow the direction.

EU has broken 21 and 100EMAs

GU has broken 21/100/200EMAs

AU approaching the 100EMA - watch for a stall at 1.0500

AJ has a huge slope on the TDI with a great move from the overbought position

NZ/U approaching the 100EMA - poaaible pause.

Nice set up signals from the APB and Candlesticks.

Always make sure you have the price action as your primary indicator - all other indicators will follow and confirm if needed.

--- 帖子 #708 ---
Manually closed TP1 on the aud/jpy for 120pips

all other trades move to BE and waiting for the Asian sessions

Currently for the past two weeks I am looking at 7 closed trades with 4wins, 2@BE and 1 loss for a net of +420pips.  The loss was down to taking a very aggressive early signal on the APB before any confirmation on TDI and the BE trades were from a stalled trade and manually closing out TP1 and TP2.  Very much into preserving pips and closing out losing / stalling positions before they turn into "Hope Trades"

4 trades currently open with SL @ BE (current profit at +230pips)

--- 帖子 #709 ---
First of all I'd like to say many thanks to Britpip7! I find the strategy very interesting and suitable for me. I'm gonna test it a lil bit.

What are you guys thinking about this short setup? Is it the correct one as:

- TDI crossing

- Strong bearish candle after the bounce off the resistance

--- 帖子 #710 ---
How do you guys display the ATR in the UL corner on the main chart?

--- 帖子 #711 ---
about 300 posts back, where ya bin?

ATR Pips UL corner.ex4

--- 帖子 #712 ---
Sorry, bro!

Just join the thread, ran through the first pages and then jumped right to the end

--- 帖子 #713 ---
you need to learn the "paperclip"

see the icon at top right, small paperclip with a number, click it, then on the pop up windows, click hide images and then you can find all previous attachments, with links to that post also, easy as

--- 帖子 #714 ---
Could be a tad late for an entry seeing as this is candle 3 on the APB colour change and the past 6 hours saw a mini retrace and a rest.

Ususally after a mega candle like this one, there is often a retrace / resting period before the next move, so be careful on the entry price.  Still lots of space between current price and the 100/200EMAs.

May be worth entering off of a break of the previous H4 low and we are entering the Asian activity which has its own Price Action patterns.

--- 帖子 #715 ---
aud/jpy

entry 1 closed for 120 pips

entry 2 closed on pullback for 80 pips

aud/usd

closed at BE on pullback

eur/usd

both entries still running at +32 pips each with SL set to BE+5 (might as well get a couple pips out of it if bombs!)

Current net for the past two weeks is at +490pips

Looking for the next set-ups tonight

--- 帖子 #716 ---
hey Erebus wheres the Pic for that ? .. LOL  j/k

like your "How to Do" posts makes me

--- 帖子 #717 ---
Added to Post #1 - sorry for hiding it in the attachments

--- 帖子 #718 ---
I learn something new with every instruction - great stuff

--- 帖子 #719 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

As you can see on the 4H chart there seems to be some resistance around 80.56 to be completely satisfied with going short on this trade I think I would look a break of 80.50 and have the yellow cross blue before I see a clear confirmation of anything.

--- 帖子 #720 ---
he should make a Board with all those instructions, so then we could all refer to it for those that have a hard time or needs guidance.

--- 帖子 #721 ---
Looking at the APB Wicks and the RSI(10) values, this could stall and bounce back off of the 100EMA.  TDI currently heading into oversold territory but that doesn't mean it can't continue down!

Current day candle looking to pull back.

I am experimenting with CCI at the moment following a recent Dean Malone video as well as info from another thread from fxcube - the second window on the candlestick chart is RSI(10) and CCI(14)

--- 帖子 #722 ---
During the last 24 hours all yen crosses are going through consolidation phase and probably will make or break in the next couple of hours as the wedge is squeezing every hour.

Let's see how it unfolds to get a better direction of the trend.

--- 帖子 #723 ---
Not uncommon for Thusday during NFP week to be slow.

No positions open in the live account - and I do not trade NFP.

On the demo account I have pending trades set up on complementary pairs as a hedge position so short on eu and long on au.

I have had some success with this approach in consolidating markets - not ready to put this strategy into play on the live account.

--- 帖子 #724 ---
I'm sorry if the question was discussed earlier but ...

Do you Britpip open positions in the middle of a day or just after the candle is finished?

Thanks!

--- 帖子 #725 ---
Everything was going good but now im getting crushed again. lol

--- 帖子 #726 ---
Hi prftablefool

Please, please what are the indicators blue arrows.

Thanks

Micheale

--- 帖子 #727 ---
Only after the close of a candle

My new day candle starts at 4pm PST - I may gaet a chance to review it between then and 4:45, if not, my first opportunity will be between 8pm and 10PM.

The majority of my trades are pending orders - buys stop or sell stop and the entry position will be determined by the candle close / colour / low / high and resulting PA on the new candle.  TDI is always secondary to PA.

So far in 2012, my only pairs traded have been the 3 amigos / aud/jpy, eur/aud, eur/nzd, aud/chf

--- 帖子 #728 ---
Hi - what's happening in your trading that's getting you crushed?

--- 帖子 #729 ---
It is not an indicator. I placed arrows whenever I take a trade.  It helps me to keep track of setups and pips.

--- 帖子 #730 ---
Hello Britpip,

I find your approach very interesting

Have you a history of number of trades that you did on these 7 pairs?

Can you confirm that the 3 amigos are: eur/usd, gbp/usd and aud/usd?

Personally my platform is GMT, and I think taking a position about 6 am GMT. Do you think this is a problem?

Best regards

vcary

--- 帖子 #731 ---
Vcary

I average between 400 and 1000 pips per month on these pairs - currently up 590 pips for the past 2 weeks.

You do have the 3 amigos correctly identified

6am GMT is going to place you at the London Open - with the candle patterns and the TDI, the signals you receive will still confirm whether you have Price Action - I have not doen any backtesting for candles based on a 6am GMT, so cannot really comment on how that set up would perform.

My general viewpoint is that there probably is not that much to it once you understand how the platform/broker set up works.  I used to trade on MB Trading and their candles ran 4 hours behind what I have now with IBFX - doesn't appear to have changed how I trade.

--- 帖子 #732 ---
Well basically been taking trades i shouldnt have and also not getting out at the right time.After i got lucky and made like 2,300 pips in one month i got cocky and was only looking for super duper 400+ pip trades.

Now i been reading the old Tms thread again and doing a lot of backtesting so im changing my approach up.Trying to get consistent.Lately i been back and forth.Win some then lose some.

--- 帖子 #733 ---
thank you very much for your answer

Best regards

vcary

--- 帖子 #734 ---
I am doing a lot of backtesting mainly beacause on the day charts I set up trades between 8pm and 10pm - any spare time is backtesting.

Currently focussing on the APB bars versus standard candlesticks and adding in CCI(14).  It is worth looking at how a colour change on the APB maps to the candlesticks and then studying what happens next with regards to Price Action.  On strong trends, an APB colour change may give you 1/2/3 bars but not with much more PA than 100pips or less following the set-up (colour change) candle.  When there is a strong reversal, the CCI(14) move is usually very dramatic - not ready to run this in a live account, but makes for interesting testing.

The Big E postings from earlier in the TMS thread are still great reading and so are his training charts - add in dcginc's postings and you have some fantastic expertise to draw upon.  Big E observed that when the APB changes colour, always check it out as it usually means 3 to 8 candles on average - next is Price Action which will be confirmed by the TDI.

--- 帖子 #735 ---
Yeah i been back to studying.I also been checking out x mans thread.The guy with the eagle pictures posts are very helpful.In fact i decided just now im gonna quit trading live and demo trade probably till the end of the year.That and back testing

--- 帖子 #736 ---
Hi gents,

following the thread for a week and wanna try to apply the approach to my demo trading. Need an expert view on my thoughts as I'm seeking for possible setups.

If the bar closes beneath the MA will it be a possible setup? ATR(1)/ATR(7) ration looks pretty good, candle pattern is 'Three inside down', 55 MA are heading down.

Or it's better to wait for PA & 200 MA collision result? Besides that tomorrow is Friday & NFP

What do you master Brit recommend?

--- 帖子 #737 ---
Swing High to Swing Low is 227 pips and the current candle is a 100 pip reverse and it is Friday and it is NFP

Trading the Friday candle is an interesting challenge and you have to decide whether you want to set a trigger point for a trade based on the Friday candle move.  Sunday will be the first opportunity to set all this up unless you act in the next hour of the Friday market.

Also, you are looking at a challenge of the 200EMA

Firtly I do not trade on Fridays - Secondly this is more than likely to have a 200EMA bounce, seeing as the previous moves either never break or did not hold - previous 200EMA break only held for 120pips for a few days.

Following NFP, there may well be a gap on Sunday and that is a coin flip.

Although I like the Friday move I want to see a close below the 200EMA - there may be a possibility of a 100 pip trade on the short side before you run into resistance, so for me this is not an A+ trade and it's Friday.  The only way I would trade this would be if the previous Fractal Lows were farther away 200 - 300pips.

--- 帖子 #738 ---
Thank you for the reply master Brit!

You confirmed my concerns so I'll stay away of that trade. I need to be more patient to wait for a perfect setup.

Watching Neil's video, they are very interesting indeed. As well as his approach to the 'sniper trading'!

--- 帖子 #739 ---
Currently my favourite for a reversal trade - watching PA but may stay out until Monday

--- 帖子 #740 ---
Hi gents,

I'm looking now at the pair wondering if it's reasonable to go for a short. It continues downtrend and today break the fractal low with the strong bearish candle. The only stopper for me is MA200 which is 60 pips below. It leads us to 1:1 R/R ratio

I'll appreciate any comments.

--- 帖子 #741 ---
I went long when price made a bullish bar around 0.9200.  Looking forward for price to reach at or around 0.9500

--- 帖子 #742 ---
yep... usd is strong

--- 帖子 #743 ---
usd is strong for past 1-2 weeks.

i take shorts on eur and gbp, once they are in profit, i will BE before short nz/oz.

cheers

--- 帖子 #744 ---
im not sure if its still good to short now.

But i think your a little bit late to the party.

--- 帖子 #745 ---
eu still with a downward pressure despite today's pullback.

possible entry for a short should PA push below yesterday's low.

--- 帖子 #746 ---
Looks like gu is setting up for a reversal.

21/100/200ema lines are al within 60 pips, so the squeeze is on.

eu and gu are both looking to reverse - as usual, watching for PA, or play this one as a hedge set up with a pending buy stop on eu and a pending sell stop on gu, or the other way around!

--- 帖子 #747 ---
Took the option on setting up for gu to go long and it triggered and is now +70 with SL set to BE + 5

Also got a trigger on the usd/chf going short - not much action after the trigger so SL set to BE.

I usually protect any open trades on a Friday with a BE worst case SL and if they are anywhere need my TP levels will consider closing out half of the open positions

Week's summary

eu +75 plus a couple of BE +5 trades and aud/jpy for +20, so week's total on the day charts +125 plus the current open trades.  This puts the past 3 weeks at over +700 pips.

--- 帖子 #748 ---
looking for confirmation on the current move which suggests that the bounce away from 1.3000 will hold.

A lot depends on the euro zone announcements before market opens again and as usual PA confirmation.

As far as head and shoulders patterns go, this is one of the more obvious ones in recent weeks.  With the 1.3000 as a strong support, there is more likelihood of the range continuing to hold with a peak at 1.3500.

Nice Big Round Numbers for a range.

--- 帖子 #749 ---
Here's my thoughts for the week - I am currently in trades on gu and uchf, so any new entries will need to be AAA rated .  I am sticking to my trading plan of not over trading and that means no more than 3 pairs open at any one time.

Lots of possibilities with the JPY pairs - pick the best / highest probability entry signals for the reversals which translates to S/R levels alowing a good run.

Happy pip hunting.

GU - very large candle on Friday, so possible pause ahead - might be late for a new entry with 150 pips to next resistance.

AU - may offer a better entry with a pin bar followed by change in colour - possible entry off a break of the Friday High.  Nice TDI cross from the 32 level

AJ - currently in a nice trend run - recent breaks of the past two fractal highs and nice momentum on the TDI

EJ - TDI levels are high and nearing the 68 levels - watch for the double top - possible reversal

GJ - very similar to AJ - TDI levels are high and nearing the 68 levels

UJ - very strong move and now showing TDI Divergence - Also past 2 days are a good indication of a reversal set up - look for a colour change on APB for an entry signal

CH/J - Having another run at breaking 91.000 - seems to be getting hung up at around 91.15 level - TDI levels are high and nearing the 68 levels - watch for the double top - possible reversal

U/CH - Nice reversal pattern with the APB pin bar followed by colour change - Strong TDI cross

--- 帖子 #750 ---
Another hind sight training chart

Depending on how you set your stop losses, this demonstrates the power of add-ons.

The 2XATR(7) approach can also be used as setting the SL for Add-Ons.

Once you have a trend established and the Price Action closes above the major EMAs, then this should act as a green light for add-ons.  Looking at this chart, once the 21ema crosses the 100 and especially 200emas, then this a very strong move.

For this chart that would have meant that SUC 3 would have closed out for around 50pips, but would have netted 1000pips for the total of SUC1/2/3.

The re-entry point would have been off of SUC 4 with TP1 and TP2 set ups based on 2X ATR(7) - TP1 would have closed out at 170pips, with TP2 still running and SUC 5 being triggered.

Based off of the last blue PA bar, the SL based on 2XATR(7) would be at 140pips off of the high for 3/15 which would make SUC 5 at BE, so worst case from  the TP2 trade would be 120pips

This would give you the following:

Initial entry - TP1 = 80pips

TP2 with add-ons  for SUC 2/3 = 900pips

Second Entry from SUC 4 - TP1 = 170pips

Worst case TP2 from SUC 4/5 = 120pips

So, in a perfect world, over the 34 candles (6 candles per week) = 1,270pips.

--- 帖子 #751 ---
I saw your money management part of this thread and I must say that I am bothered by it and I believe you are steering people in the wrong direction.  The reason is this.  You are basing it on the fact that if you have 3 losses in a row that you are doing something wrong.  That is simply not true.  I love statistics when it comes to trading.  Now I would say that even the best system/method (some people don't like the word system) doesn't hit more than 70% of the time.  That would be a great and you probably would have not trouble finding people to invest their money with you as long as you had at least a 1:1 r/r.  With that being said, even hitting 70% of the time it is normal to expect between 15-22 losing streaks of 3 or more.  Of those losing streaks you will usually have a few of 5 or more.  This is because of standard deviation or more commonly known as luck.  However I do believe that such a mm style will inevitably decrease your profits once you do come out of such a losing streak.  That is to say that in a situation that you have lost 3 in a row and, you will be decreasing your profits once you do start winning.  That's with a 70% trading system/method.  It gets worse, the lower your winning percentage.  Even a drop to 65% will increase your 3+ losing streaks to 30 or more after 1000 trades.  I am not a mathematician but I have written little programs to test this stuff using random numbers.  These numbers a fairly reliable.  You can pm me for questions or I can answer them here.

--- 帖子 #752 ---
With any trading methodology it is down to the trader to identify their risk profiles and trade accordingly.  As far as statistics are concerned, you must understand what your trading plan is achieving which includes # of trades taken / average profits on the wins/losses.

If I post my trading history, it will show 80% plus - however, that will include the BE +5 trades along with the 150+pip trades.  The losses may not always run to the full SL as there will be manual close outs involved.  A more accurate approach would be to document the account status and overeall growth.  Running my MM approach on the backtesting has resulted in the account being protected during a run of negative trades and once the trades return to wins, the accounts had always recovered in reasonable time - this has also been the case in the live account.

Once you understand the backtesting results, then run the forward testing results - journal each trade and maintain the metrics, only then will you have enough data to make the % of account trading decisions.  As always, start with smaller percentages and once you have sufficient data on the win/loss ratio - and that should be trades as well as pips, then you can decide if this methodology will allow you to go for higher percentages.

My concern when there are multiple losses back to back is that you need to pause and conduct your lessons learned exercises and there is probably something happening that needs correction.  If nothing is proven from the lessons learned, then my approach is to revert to demo for a while before heading back to live trading.

I am not convinced that I am steering people down the wrong path - more offering an approach that should be investigated / tested / proven.

If you would like to post some results of your statistical analysis on the thread, that would be great.  I welcome critique as part of the overall learning experience and am always open to areas of improvement.

--- 帖子 #753 ---
I would like to say that my issue with your mm is not mm at all but rather the idea of increasing or decreasing risk % based on the amount of losses or wins in a row when the chance of a loss or win has not changed.  In reality this is the opposite of a martingale strategy and the same reason that martingale loses is why this is bad.  The reason is that each trader is an independent event that has no connection to any previous events or trades.  Sometimes this is not the case such as in the case of a breakout.  There may be some psychological benefits to your mm strategy but a trader must learn to overcome such issues because they take away profits over time.

For statistics purposes it would be very hard to simulate a scenario such it is that you are suggesting.  That is to factor trades not going to the tp or the sl since this would involve several scenarios each having it's own odds.  However you can simulate percentage of chance on 2 outcomes very easily.  Also my program doesn't save the results.  It just copies them to the console which is sort of like the command prompt.

This simulator assumes that each trade is an independent event.  In other words, you hit 80% you say.  Well let's say you have a losing trade.  Well your next trade does still has an 80% chance as do all trades.  This may not completely be the case since a number of factors are not being taken into account.  Is the trader psychologically sound?  If not he might make make a revenge trade.  Is he trading the same pair?  This like all systems tend to lose during ranging periods so the longer it is ranging the more due it is for a breakout so maybe the more losses in a row in the same pair, the better chance for a big win.

The program doesn't display trades.  This would be unnecessary imho because in most cases you will be simulating thousands of trades so why would you need to see each one.  Plus they are not actual trades the most information you could gain from each trade would be the random number and it's result (win or loss).  If you would like to see this than I can recode it (not very hard) to copy the results to the clipboard although just for this post I am simulating 20,000 trades so you can see how it would be very difficult to analyze it.  It's probably better to just program it to look for what you want.  What I will do is copy the output from the screen.  I will give you 5 outputs for 80%(your win rate), 75%, 70%, 65%, and 60%.  For each one it will simulate 1000 trades.  I have cropped the picture so as to make it more clear.  One more thing.  Note the winning percent.  It never equals exactly what you put in.  In any event there are many ramifications to this but only one cause as far as I know because I am not a mathematician.  I also changed the code in the middle of this post.  It no longer posts streaks of 0.  It has no bearing on the results.  Just the display.  I am uploading it as a rar file since there are 20 photos and I think it would make this post even bigger than it is already.

How does it work?  This is not necessary to know but if you want to know how it works then this is where I will explain it.  It is written in c#.NET.  I use the RNGCryptoServiceProvider class to give me a very large random number.  I do a x % 1000 which essentially will now give me a random number between 0 and 999.  I multiply the percentage of chance by 10 to account for up to one decimal.  If the random number is below the percentage then it's a win.  If not then it's a loss.

Let's say my random number is 654 and my success rate is 72.3%.  The program will convert 72.3% to 723.  It will see that 654 is less than 723 and it will declare this a win.  It's very simple yet it gives us exactly what we are looking for.  The RNGCryptoServiceProvider class provides randdome numbers suitable for giving us random passwords so I believe this is a very very reliable random number while not truly random.  This is a debate in and of itself but there are those that declare that there are no random numbers but we will leave this for more sophisticated people than we are.

--- 帖子 #754 ---
Thanks for the clarification and the very well thought out descriptions on the statistical approach - yes indeed, each event is a separate and unique event and even though you have 10 previous winning trades, the probability of success remains the same (e.g. coin tossing).

At this point in time I am more interesting in building a track record in the live trading account so that the rules of entry / exit are more consistent.  As with most traders/approaches, there is usually a subjective element to defining why an entry was taken versus the objective rules - hence the difference between running a robot trading system and following a defined methodology which allows for some variability based on market conditions, previous patterns, S/R levels, etc. etc.

Currently I am trading with 0.1 lots (well under 2% of the equity) and am in no rush to accelerate - once I feel comfortable (another subjective quality) then this will progressively move higher.

With regards to the majority of traders statistical background, one of my concerns was that there was not enough attention and understanding about what metrics to track, journal-ling, etc.  The premise for the increase in % of equity was from the extensive backtesting which covered two years of data across multiple pairs (at some point I will extend this to 5 years).  The backtesting consisted of an initial run though the charts and generally reviewing patterns and set ups for repeatable results and then manully running with the F12 key and judging each decision based on the new candle / S/R levels and candlestick patterns.

Results were entered into Excel and captured the win/loss ratios, averages on the pips per win/loss, number of times a trade was killed early based on candle patterns, max drawdowns on individual trades.

Following the completion of the backtesting it was time to run various scenarios/strategies for MM to see what did and did not work - this included max drawdown on account in the event of successive losses and time taken to recover the account.

As we all know, backtesting has a habit of showing much better results than live accounts, hence this is why I am running with 0.1 lots and when I have sufficient history, I'll repeat the historical data testing for different MM strategies.

--- 帖子 #755 ---
I just noticed your thread and liked it right away when I saw you post that you live in my time zone and you have your alarm set for 1:50am and 5:50am because this is exactly how I live my life. I trade only price action myself since I do not see any use for indicators of any kind except ATRs on daily and weekly. I use trend lines and identify support and resistance on weekly and monthly which I mark on my daily chart in different colors to give me targets and stops. As far as my MM I trade 1% of my account which I calculate on a forex calculator and because I plan my trades with daily targets I usually get either more than 2% or BE. I just laughed when I saw that you also get up 10 min before 2am and 10min before 6am since I also only enter my traded at new candles. I also execute touch of support and resistance trades when price action dictates it. Just wanted to say HI. HI

--- 帖子 #756 ---
Hi - Welcome.

The more we play this game, the more you realize that all indicators are lagging and that less is more.  Between ATRs and MAs and the candles there is more truth displayed than from any indicator!

--- 帖子 #757 ---
This is from 3-16

Entry off of the Day Fractal Break from 3/13 - ATR(7) was 110pips - TP1 and SL set for 120pips (perious day low for the SL) - entered a pending buy stop on 3/15 which was triggered on the following day.  Moved to BE on 3/16 after the NY opening and news move had finished.

--- 帖子 #758 ---
No colour change yet on the APB, so possible set up for a pending sell stop below current value of 5ema below 87.80

TDI divergence will usually win out over PA, especially when TDI is moveing dowm from 68 / OB levels

--- 帖子 #759 ---
Trade triggered per the pending trade set up based on the tdi divergence

TP1 manually closed at 50 pips - was watching on the H1 (Not normally available and probably not a good idea) and closed out following several slow / possible reversal candles.

TP2 is currently open - running this with a 50pip TS initially - will probably manage this on the H4 chart and look for add-ons

--- 帖子 #760 ---
Not too shabby on this one

TP1 closed for +45pips

TP2 closed for +183pips

--- 帖子 #761 ---
Hi Britpip7

Attached is the current EurUsd chart.

Is it Ready to go LONG ???

arasheed

--- 帖子 #762 ---
Based purely on S&R, a room of going up for another 50 pips before heading down again.

If you want to go long wait for price to firmly close above 1.3 with a potential of 1.5

Just my thoughts.

--- 帖子 #763 ---
Hi

Thank you very much for opinion. I was feeling indecisive about EurUsd.

Thanks again for the reply.

arasheed

--- 帖子 #764 ---
what you mean with 1.3 and 1.5?

steve

--- 帖子 #765 ---
Hi Britpip,

I wonder if you can share your APB and HA templates?

Thank you in advance!

--- 帖子 #766 ---
Hi - looks more like a stall than an entry point.

Nothing really conclusive on TDI, especially as it is sitting around the mid zone.

The last sets of Highs are all within 30 pips during the last 5 candles and these are sitting below 1.3300, so for a long I would set an entry around 1.3250 with a TP at 1.3475.  RSI is still above 50 and moving up.

The closest resistance is at the 200ema so this could also be used as a TP level which will cut your risk/reward fown to a 1:1 with the ATR(7) at 100.

I will leave this one alone - not a AAA set up for me.

--- 帖子 #767 ---
Post 1 has been updated with the current template

For those of you that want the APB that can be modified - see attached

--- 帖子 #768 ---
This one is adapted from X-Man's thread and is candlestick based.

X-Man has been using the Sonic Channel with lots of success, so worth a look at his thread - his thread is now in the top 15 for total hits - over 1,000,000 to date.

--- 帖子 #769 ---
Thank you, Master!

--- 帖子 #770 ---
Sorry.  It should be 1.33 and 1.35

--- 帖子 #771 ---
not a pair that I usually trade, but the set up candle forming has possibilities.

for a Friday entry set up, this would be as a pending trade - buy stop above the current day high 8 to 10 pips - looking for the trade to trigger Sunday / Monday.

SL 10 pips below the last fractal low

TP1 set to 2XATR(7) = 2X87 = 174

TP2 left open (0.0000)

--- 帖子 #772 ---
What do you think of that possible setup?

One "con" is EMAs and fractal high is 60 pips above around the RN 1.05. May be wait till PA closes above?

Master, what's your opinion?

--- 帖子 #773 ---
Not one of my pairs - however - Looks like it is using the 200ema as support, so taking a break of the Friday high could be a good option - maybe run with TP1 at 1XATR(7)

Not surae about this "Master" thing!

--- 帖子 #774 ---
Current stats for this month are (not pip waving, just to demonstrate  that the TMS approach with the associated modifications is alive and  working and can be achieved with a couple of hours effort a day - I only  enter off of day chart set-ups):

Total trades: 25

Profit: 21 = 84%

Loss: 4

Pips won (Gross Profit): 1011

Pips Lost: 106

Net Gain: 905 pips

--- 帖子 #775 ---
Trade Journals

- reasons for entry / exit

- trade plan - key bullets and numbers from the charts

- Concerns for the trades

- Support/Resistance levels

After the trade is closed - summarize what happened

- SL hit

- TP hit

- Any add-ons, etc

If the trade crashed - Lessons Learned

Whether you do this in Excel,  hand written notes or whatever, it is a  great way to learn and grow in  your trading styles and techniques. Just  Do It!

I have a powerpoint file that I keep  for trade journals - time permitting which is a rotten excuse -  example attached.

--- 帖子 #776 ---
Here's my thoughts for the possible upcoming set-ups for the week.

EU - looking for this to close above 1.3300 before an entry.  RSI already above 50 as is TDI.  An observation from X-Man is that once TDI has crossed above 50, the TDI will often continue to slowly bounce higher

AU - large pinbar APB - PA is reversing - If next APB changes to white, possible long entry

NU - Friday's APB was a colour change - looking for a break of the day high

EA - Candlestick for Friday showing possible reversal - strong CCI reversal

EN - same as EA but pinbar APB candle

AU/CHF - candlestick reversal pattern with strong CCI reversal

--- 帖子 #777 ---
Just experimenting with EMAs of 200/100/50/21/8/3 and looking at the end of week inside bars/candles - here's a few from Thursday/Friday - possible set-ups for Sunday/Monday.

Inside candles can be an indication of a trend pause followed by trend continuation.

Reversal inside candles often occur near or ar S/R levels

--- 帖子 #778 ---
I'm gonna agree with you there Britpip, i'm watching H4 on those 2 for return to trend...

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=349900

--- 帖子 #779 ---
AU has the look of reversing with the current chart.

Everything will depend on Sunday/Monday Price Action.

I will wait for the Monday candle to fill out before I move and may wait until it closes before taking any action.

One thing that I have learned on day charts - there is no rush to trade - develop your patience

--- 帖子 #780 ---
Current USDCAD analysis

Per rules :

Current trend : Minor downtrend (borderline ranging, determined by the daily channel)

1. PA moves with ATR(1) at 75% or higher of ATR(7)

2. RSI moving below 50

3. TDI cross within the last 1 or 2 candles and moving down from the 68 region

4. 5EMA broken to the downside

5. Slope Angle

1. PA = Don't know how to determine this precisely, but by the looks of it, it seems ok

2. RSI = 41

3. TDI Cross = will be at 2nd candle at the current's close of current, coming from in between 68-50

4. 5EMA to be broken on the downside at the current candle's close

5. Cross slope = 5.8 (above 4.5)

Conclusion : Based strictly on the rules, this would be an appropriate set-up?

--- 帖子 #781 ---
UC has had a range of 2,00 pips moving down to 1,700 pips last week

The current Day candle range is 102 pips with the ATR7 sitting at 62 pips.

TDI is showing a series of higher peaks

Price Action is showing a series of lower peaks

General pattern is a converging pennant so possible tighter range / squeeze before a possible breakout.

0.9880 and 9830 are the next major support lines which does not give you much of a run.

Not the best pattern for me to enter on - TDI keeps giving a long indication and is contrary to PA

--- 帖子 #782 ---
looking promising once candle closes above 200ema

Remember - patience - wait for the day candle to close before making your decisions

--- 帖子 #783 ---
Thanks for the fast reply and your input

Regarding your  AUD/CHF analysis, is the reason you mention that it looks promising once it closes above the 200 EMA because it could be an indication of a possible trend reversal? (Along with the basic rules of your system being respected)

--- 帖子 #784 ---
Once the PA has taken a position above the 200ema, the RSI will increase.  I am looking for a move above the candle high of 4/2 before an entry.

Other reversals in play - EA and E/NZ

E/NZ PA has movedlow enough to bring the RSI down and again I am looking for a real break of the previous day L.

--- 帖子 #785 ---
Following the recent signs of a reversal forming, we now have a double bottom 0.9431 and 0.9435 - close enough.

PA looking to move higher - pick your entry spot carefully in case this ranges and then continues the previous trend down!

Previous two day H levels were 0.9430 followed by 0.9442.

ATR7 is 63, so TP1 would be at 126 pips

Sl would be below the bottoms

--- 帖子 #786 ---
Master Brit,

Does it look reasonable to you? Does the fact that it's a fourth candle with the opposite color affect the decission?

--- 帖子 #787 ---
eur/aud has been restricted by the 200ema for a few days and has now bounced lower.  I am not too worried about the 4th candle - the way that I read the APB is to look for breaks of previous H/L.

Current candle is 153 pips - ATR7 is 100 pips.

Looks good with this being a strong push across many of the eu pairs.

Just as a side note - my previous comment on eu/nzd still holds - I am on that pair haveing had a couple of stalled trades on aud/jpy and aud/chf this week.

--- 帖子 #788 ---
here we go again - another run at 1.3000

if this ever breaks through and holds below, there is a further 300 pips before the next support

--- 帖子 #789 ---
great read as usual, same from the professionals

http://www.incrediblecharts.com/trad...forex-gold.php

--- 帖子 #790 ---
May I ask if you're going to open a position with stop order or wait till the PA will close below the major support?

--- 帖子 #791 ---
With this emotional level of support I am waiting for a strong close below.

I see too many fake outs with strong S/R levels and two things concern me on EU.

1. It has not closed below 1.3000 (based on a downward move) since Dec 28th 2011.

2. The 200 EMA is a long way away and EU likes to head back in that general direction.

My gut feel is that this will reverse again and head back to the 200ema so watch for reversal signals.  A colour change on the APB would be the first signal - confirmation from a TDI cross seeing as there is huge separation between RSI Price and signal lines would support the reversal.

--- 帖子 #792 ---
Master Brit,

I've been doing some backtesting and suddenly realized that you haven't covered the matter of adding to a winning position after a fractal break when all of your previous positions are still open. That usually happens after a trend rest. Do you open 2 positions with TP1/TP2 in this case as well?

Thank you!

--- 帖子 #793 ---
I show this in a lot of the training charts.

I only add-on with one position.  Typically with trades that keep on running past TP1, the following applies starting with the initial trade entry:

Place entry position on pending trade - buy or sell stop

TP1 and SL = 2XATR7 - if ranging drop down to 1XATR7

TP2 left open - SL as per TP1

Once TP1 is hit, move SL to BE for TP2

As Fractals occur, set up new buy/sell stop for one position - start to look for how to manage the trade - I have a couple of techniques - often this will be to the previous day H/L.  Another technique can be to use a previous Fractal as your SL.

Where new Fractals occur, continue to add on and move SL for each position as required.

SL on each new entry tend to be previous H/L or 1XATR7 on the Fractal candle.

Hope this helps

--- 帖子 #794 ---
Just as a heads up on the Euro pairs - setting up today for possible reversals this week.

Watch for colour change on the APBs - TDI is crossing back through the Down Zone line on EU.

EJ is running into 100ema and 200ema - watch for stalling / reversal signs

EA has a nice Fractal Low set up as well as a large Inside Candle set up for 4/5/2012

--- 帖子 #795 ---
Do you think that Friday's and today's candle are worth to consider as Europe's been closed since Friday? I think that could affect the validity of Inside Candle.

--- 帖子 #796 ---
Very true with regards to volumes from Europe due to Easter.

I am not seeing any entries today - just setting up for overnight triggers.

often times the original trend will prevail, so inside candles become fractal points - PA then provides the trigger points

--- 帖子 #797 ---
So while not much is happening with the Day charts, time for more back testing and training charts.

The EJ Day chart shows a great Set Up Candle SUC with the Entry Candle EC two candle later.

Usual criteria for TP1 and SL or as a more cautious approach an option can be to use 1XATR7 for TP1 with the SL set to the previous swing H.

Now for the fun.  Once you have entered on the Day Chart, switch to the H4 to manage Add-Ons as they occur more frequently than on the Day Charts.

Add-On Candles AOC occur on the fractal lows.  Not all of them will trigger - in the H4 chart, AOC 2 and AOC 4 do not trigger.

For this scenario, TP1 would have triggered and achieved 2XATR7 = 280pips, or for the more cautious approach 140pips

TP2 would currently be achieving 300 pips and would still be open as would the Add-Ons

AOC 1 = 170pips

AOC 3 = 120pips

AOC 5 = BE

The benefits of this approach are that you can scale into a successful trend by managing entries on the H4.

For an ongoing pip management strategy the SL would need to be moved (depending on your risk tolerance and if you survived the DrawDown DD of 140pips during 4/9) seeing as there have been no new Fractal Highs on the H4.  My approach would be to take a recent swing H - The 12:00 candle from 4/10 would be reasonable and this would allow approx 90 pips of breathing space and would only risk 50 pips on each open position based on the current price.

When checking on the Day Chart, the last major support level (Fractal Low) is currently acting as a stall point at 105.62.  If this is cleared with a candle closing, that will keep the PA below the Day 100ema and the 200ema.

Possible next support level would then be another 200pips away with more pips possible.

Back test this as an additional strategy and get comfortable with identifying Add-Ons.

--- 帖子 #798 ---
Going to go long for EURUSD with TP=2*ATR7 which is very close to the previous swing high.

Any comments, gentlemen?

--- 帖子 #799 ---
dear britpip.

A long time i am back again on this tread.

Think this is a good traqding style.

I must work 8 hours a day, and i can not trading the h1,h1 chart.

Wich indicators you have on your last post?

And what is aoc?

This are all  new, from my last posting here.

sorry of my bad englisch.

steve

--- 帖子 #800 ---
Hi guys.  I have been lurking for a while, however I was active on BigE's thread.

I have entered long @ 1.319 SL@ 1.29941 TP@ 1.3380

--- 帖子 #801 ---
Unfortunately a lot of us got on the wrong side of that move with the huge reverse that occurred on Friday.

I am running with eur/jpy so similar story - SL is intact as it was below the previous swing low, so patience!

--- 帖子 #802 ---
No problem Steve.

AOC is Add On Candle

No additional indicators - just the APB (Synergy_APB_(C), EMAs as listed, Fractals, TMS Watchdog and the ATR - everything is either on Poast #1 or in the attachments

--- 帖子 #803 ---
Welcome - I have stopped looking in the TMS thread - so many indicators being pushed out on the charts.

Keep the faith on the eu for now unless it drops back below the double bottom.  With the previous 3 days having higher highs, it looked on for a run higher!

The colour change on APB is a concern - as is RSI10 bouncing lower.

--- 帖子 #804 ---
SUBJ, gentlemen! Let's see what the market's preparing for us today. I'm still in short on USDJPY which is doing pretty good after a small rest. Thinking about a possible Add-On if the PA closes below the Fractal tonight.

Master Brit, what's your opinion regarding my TP level for USDJPY? Is it reasonable compare with the Fractal High or it's OK to move it lower into the area of 78.2x?

--- 帖子 #805 ---
My preference would be to move the SL to a more recent H.  At least to the 4/10 level, if not to a BE setting.  The jpy pairs seem to be pulling back a touch at the moment.

--- 帖子 #806 ---
Done! SL@BE which is higher than the rectangle area that became a Resistance zone. Now waiting for the day close to check the final price.

But still not sure about the TP level. Could you please advise?

--- 帖子 #807 ---
79.50 looks to be a resonable support line - 200ema is around that level and it has acted as a stick point before, so TP1 could be around that level.

78.27 appears within the cluster of Fractal Highs in Nov/Dec, so my choice would be to sit the TP2 just above, so somewhere around 78.35

As you can tell, not a huge fan of lots of indicators, so I just zoom out and look left for S/R levels - if I see a bunch of Fractals in a particular price range, that will be where I set SL/TP levels

--- 帖子 #808 ---
Thank you Master!

Added to my short position with TP @79.5

--- 帖子 #809 ---
As promised, here is a losing trade and my process for analyzing why / lessons learned / root cause!

Initially the APB changed colour and indicated a bounce off of the 200ema.

So, what went wrong?

TDI looked promising with a cross of red/green and a cross of the Down Zone.

What in hindsight may have been warning signs?

1. RSI 10 was still low @ 41 - should really be closer to 50 or >50

2. The ATR1 for the colour change was well below the ATR7; ATR1 was 60% of ATR7 - probably too low a ratio on reflection - should be 80% or higher

3. SL set at Swing Low and not at 2XATR which would have kept me in the game and would now be showing a profit of 75 pips - all part of the black arts regarding money management and risk/reward settings

On reflection then:

A) RSI 10 needs to be near or above 50

B) ATR1 for the Set Up Candle (SUC) needs to be closer to the ATR7 value

C) SL needs to be set @ 2XATR7 and not Swing Low

D) TDI crosses can get you in the poop!

Or, as a well regarded 4X trader commented "The majority of retail traders get the direction correct, but not the timing!"

Pay the 4x gods and move on to the next one

--- 帖子 #810 ---
I'm going go long on Monday with this pair.

It looks like it bounced off of MA21 and closed above MA100. There is at least 2xATR7 till MA200 which is above. TDI cross is above 50 as well as RSI10. ATR1 = 95 while ATR7=100.

The only thing scaring me is general downtrend of the pair.

What do you think Master Brit?

--- 帖子 #811 ---
helo, this is my first post in FF, I'm just learning about forex, and I am interested to learn this system, because I'm not able to spend a lot of screen time in front of my computer.

I already download the indicator and template in the first page, however I have a question regarding to phi1ipp chart on the post above me.

when I open the same pair (EURAUD TF daily) in my chart, the display looks different, why is this? is because the difference of broker that we both use?

or is there a new setting/template aside the ones in the first page?

thank you Britpip, look forward to learn a lot from you

--- 帖子 #812 ---
Nice to see the RSI Signal Line moving upwards, so from an indicator perspective it looks good.  Nice move away from 100ema.

Your entry will be on the 4th candle - if there is strong PA taking it above Friday's high, then not a huge issue, but something to watch for generally.

I quite like the look of EU long once it clears the 100ema and the previous fractal high

--- 帖子 #813 ---
Thank you Brit for the reply!

Could I ask you a general question regarding the system? How do you usually determine a reversal? After a series of add-ons there is a moment when PA breaks the MA5 and can make a move against a trend. What's your reaction on that? Still hold the position till it's stopped out? And how do you decide that market is in ranging conditions? No new HH and HL?

Did a lot of backtesting and these questions confused me a lot. In a trend there is always a nervous moment of a pullback when you should decide if it's just a pullback or a reversal. Could you share your approach?

Thank you

Philipp

--- 帖子 #814 ---
Reversals are always a tricky area to spot and gauge correctly - I will use the APB for a colour change on the day and then watch for PA to confirm the move on the following day - maybe even drop down to the H4 to confirm PA.  Sometimes this can take a couple of candles to confirm.

Additionally I will use candle reversal patterns from standard candles/bars as well as break outs from Inside Bar set-ups.

Significant breaks through 100ema and/or 200ema are always a good sign.

For me the charts give some good signals - Large Candle which sets up inside bars for several days, 100ema and 200ema running closely together with no angle and the TDI hovering around 50 - also the RSI10 hovering around 50.

--- 帖子 #815 ---
the display looks different, why is this?

Your data seems to be missing APRIL !!!

--- 帖子 #816 ---
It looks like your last candle is March 2nd.

--- 帖子 #817 ---
Possible reason could be no connection on your broker account

--- 帖子 #818 ---
Is that a losing trade or am I missing something?

ATR1> 75% ATR7

RSI < 50

TDI has crossed and is below 68 (oversold?)

and the trade is in the direction of the trend.

--- 帖子 #819 ---
sorry, I didnt notice it before, turns out I have a problem with the Meta Trader. thanks

what position did you took? was it short?? I'm a newbie (both in forex business and to this thread), but if I remember correctly about the use of TDI, is to never short below 32, and never long above 68. I hope the masters here could clarify about this

--- 帖子 #820 ---
General rules are avoid shorting in the 32 area and going long in the 68 area.

This will also be true for when the RSI10 has been down around the 20-30 area or 70-80 area.  Hence the phrases Over-Sold and Over-Bought.  This just means that the pair is probably getting close to S/R levels and/or the 100ema and 200ema.

Sometimes it is best to watch.

I would say that I do not take new entries in those areas as this probably is several candles after a coulour change or an initial tdi cross.

If there is still a strong trend, these entries can be great for add-ons.

I am currently not trading due to time constraints - should be back in the saddle in a couple of weeks.

Keep the backtesting going - it will show you what patterns to avoid and which are your higher probability trades.

--- 帖子 #821 ---
How about EJ? It's in the end phase of an HS pattern and TDI, ATRs and RSI are OK. I could have entered yesterday but I think there's still a chance once the R (and fractal) at 105.4 is broken.

--- 帖子 #822 ---
I hope this thread gets back to life soon.

Currently I am watching USDJPY daily. Once again it's in final phase of HS and looking to be heading south. If it passes 79.6 I would consider to reenter.

--- 帖子 #823 ---
I'm also watching this, But PA doesn't look strong enough... Are you in yet?

--- 帖子 #824 ---
No not yet... waiting for the burst.

--- 帖子 #825 ---
-Break of the fractal

-TDI bounce

-Trading with the trend

SL @ 2x ATR

+90 pips now. I could have gotten in a little sooner. But I think it still has some air to go further south.

--- 帖子 #826 ---
Hi folks - glad to some activity on the thread - keep up the good work

I have had lots going in over the past few weeks, so not really in the right frame of mind to trade, so best to sit it out.  I have kept up with the backtesting and everything is still working for the trade set ups - check out the chart.

As you will notice from the chart, this is pure Price Action with the usual suspects on the MA settings - 21/100/200EMA.  The 5EMA is still there - minor modifications but still in play - Yellow MA is a test setting.

TDI is not in play as I am reducing the indicators to the main window and for my trading style, it wasn't really adding anything - ATR7 and RSI10 are still in use per the Page 1 post.  I mostly monitor these in the Data Window.  I may add additional templates and settings as this progresses but no real need right now.

Lots of movement over the past few weeks with 100s of pips in play on multiple pairs.  This is aud usd and demonstrating several entry options.  My entry option for this was #3 to allow for confirmation of the 200EMA break.  Currently after 15 days with 2 add-ons this would be giving over 1,000 pips.

My current preferred entry criteria are:

1. Change of colour on APB

2. Next candle confirms PA

3. RSI10 <50 for shorts >50 for longs

4. No trading into S/R

5. Take Add-Ons whenever the run pauses for breath

TP1 & SL are still using 2XATR7

TP2 left open with same SL as TP1

Manually manage SL after TP1 closes out

Essentially not much has changed, except for the shock of dropping TDI - but that is my choice, so if TDI is working for you, stick with it.

--- 帖子 #827 ---
HI,

isn't TDI based on RSI period 13 on MA2/7?

so what is different in using RSI period 10 now?

AUDUSD looks very nice down trending since 3 weeks ago, so it is very nice to know where to add-on positions. /

But when the TDI or RSI is above or below below the 68 or 32 lines , what is your assessment whether to take the trade or add-on position now?

thank you.

--- 帖子 #828 ---
These are just settings that I use on the Day charts - nothing has really changed from Post # 1 except what you see on the chart.

I want this to move more towards Price Action and S/R levels and be less about the indicators.  Candle patterns are a part of this and I use a combination of the APB with price bars as an overlay.

With regards to TDI - once you are above 68 or below 32, then I would not take a new entry.  Add-Ons will occur in these regions, so take them with caution if that is in your trading plan - if not, don't go there

I have often seen with indicators, that they will keep you out of perfectly good trades that you would have taken if following PA.  However, it doesn't hurt to know if you are in overbought or oversold territory, just understand what it means!

--- 帖子 #829 ---
This is my approach to Stop Loss settings - check out the chart

--- 帖子 #830 ---
HI,

looking at your EURUSD chart in hindsight, the SL setting looks very good in strong trending market.

But, what is your Entry based on?

Don't you see 1.3070 region is a support before all this happen?

What gave you the confidence that the Entry will give you RR 1:1 trade minimum considering your 2xATR7 as Entry SL.?

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #831 ---
TP hit @ 2x ATR @ 124.73 for +200 pips profit!

--- 帖子 #832 ---
The Low of the Set-Up candle was 1.3121 - depending on how you view the Support levels they ranged from 1.2973 to 1.3034.  Essentially 1.3000 +/- 30-40 pips.  On a risk aspect this was going to be a 120 pip loss if it reversed and engulfed the set-up candle which would have been enough to see me pull the trigger, or 175 pips loss if the emergency SL was hit.

On the Reward side of this, if the 1.3000 barriers were broken and it held, then it is clear water below.

For me the deciding factor for the entry was an APB colour change following three doji candles.  The set-up candle had a move of 119 pips with the ATR7 at 76 pips and relatively small wicks, so a solid move.  Entry placed at around 10 pips below the low of the set-up candle.  Also good break and close below the 100-EMA.

Mostly, this set-up pattern carries through and delivers pips.  All depends on your trading style.

--- 帖子 #833 ---
Nice pick up - do you still have any positions open - looks like it may take a breather for Friday and the weekend.

--- 帖子 #834 ---
Hello all,

Big thanks to David for starting this thread. I have been following quietly since day 1. Lots of excellent education here. Just thought I would share an indicator that I came across recently in this forum. It is an expanded version of the ATR Pips indicator. It has percentage settings for SL, TP1 and TP2. Much more info than the plain ATR Pips indy. Also, i have just recently felt comfortable enough to start demoing. Took 2 trades on the 16th. USD/CAD and EUR/NZD, both long. Currently up 375 pips!!

Have a great weekend. It's a long one here in Canada,

John

--- 帖子 #835 ---
A convenient spot for a rest - strong support region, so caution on taking any longer term short trades - maybe a chance if it resumes the trend for a another 100 pips, but extreme caution.

Minimize the chart and look left to Aug 2010.

I am only looking at this for add-ons, but the SL will be tighter.

--- 帖子 #836 ---
Here are my pairs that I watch on a consistent basis:

eu / gu / au / nzu / aj / ea / ga / enz / gnz / ej / gj / chj / ach / uch / acad

Generally we are at the end of a 3 week major trend run with most usd crosses seriously into overbought/oversold territory.

eu and gu had some pullback on Friday and too early to call this a reversal or just a pause for breath.  The RSI needs to recover before we see any further drops in these two and history does show that following a large drop, followed by a pause, there is every chance for the trend to continue.  No real surprise if Sunday sees another positive bar and maybe Monday takes us back to the Thursday low, but the eu is now into a major support area.

chj / ej / gj are similar and may set up for add-ons short.

eu did post a colour change on APB but RSI10 is way below 50, so not an entry point for me.  A friend recently reminded me of this phrase - may be applicable here - http://www.investopedia.com/terms/d/deadcatbounce.asp

au / aj / nzu - all still running lower - these are in add-on territory only for me

ea / ga / enz / gnz - all took pauses and are back on the run higher again - out of these - ea was giving signs of a continuation on Thursday with a large pin bar

ach had a huge candle (ATR7 = 52, ATR1= 132) on Friday and was giving set up signals on Wed / Thur with RSI10 hovering below 50 and a large pin bar on Thursday - missed the set up which would have given a nice 100pips on Friday.

uch - reverse of eu with a colour change on the APB - needs PA on Monday for reversal signal, otherwise possible add-on for continuation long.

acad had a nice pullback on Wed/Thur and a colour change on APB on Friday, so possible for trend continuation - don't expect too much on this pair - ATR7 has been around the mid 50s to mid 60s for a while and like most pairs is running into strong support.

As you probably know G8 is in session, so probably a choppy week, and the markets are due for a rest after the past few weeks.

--- 帖子 #837 ---
Hi Britpip7,

Glad you are back.

About those categories... Where did you read about them? How would they affect our trades or decision?

--- 帖子 #838 ---
This just comes down to lots of screen time on the live charts and confirming what certain pairs do.

I look for the ranges - previous swing Highs to Lows / ranges betweeb high and low Fractals before I make ant entry decisions.

If the 100 and 200 EMAs are running close and horizontal, the pair will be consolidating, so plan to wait it out until you get a clear break and close above / below toe 100/200ema.

Keep reading the threads - the Trading Mde Simple thread started it all - Eelfranz and dcginc are worth reading - they are not posting at present but they have some great materials.  Also XMan has a ton of good reading.

Reference material also quoted on Post #1

--- 帖子 #839 ---
The 3 amigos and their friends are still showing lots of pressure to go lower.

Recent Fractal Low breaks.

--- 帖子 #840 ---
How would you know if a reversal is actually a reversal? I saw this potential trade on EURGBP on May 18th. It looks like a reversal and it fulfills the ATR and RSI criteria but I am not sure if it had been a profitable entry (would have still been on) as the reversal move was stopped after two candles. The next fractal is more than 2xATR7 away too.

--- 帖子 #841 ---
Great question.

This is not a pair that I trade after the SNB fixed the eur/chf rate and killed off any decent moves in that pair and the eu/gbp.

This was a valid Set Up based on your observations, even though the major trend was against you.  Basically, you never know when a breakthrough will hold and turn into a reversal.

From my chart, I would have set this up for a pending buy stop off of the high of the 5/17 candle with the usual 2xatr7 TP1 and SL settings.

The Entry Candle would have triggered the trade on Friday and would have achieved 50pips by cloee on Monday.  This where you can look at there the Monday Low was and it had cleared the entry point, so would have allowed you to move the SL to a Break Even level.  Easy to say in hindsight, but a possibility never the less.  There were no real signs that the next candle would reverse so not much you could have done without the SL to BE.

If you were still in the trade it would be at - 45pips with a possibility that it is losing momentum again and may reverse from the double bottom from Wed/Thur.

Put this one down to experience and paying the forex gods

--- 帖子 #842 ---
I want to show here a simple method for trending any pair on the 4H timeframe.

It uses simple indicators: Osma and Alligator lines for trending plus a Round Numbers indicator for entries

As trend is down (price below alligator lines and osma negative) we take shorts at every up retracement to the round numbers (see arrows in pics).

Viceversa for long.

It's simple, clean and works out good also in choppy markets, identifying clearly the ranges.

regards

Alex

--- 帖子 #843 ---
Still tracking GU lower and it is now nearing major support area.

Pip Protection Policy is something that I am running where I close out TP1 early as a trade loses momentum / enters areas on Major S/R.

This is often a strategy that I use for Friday trades that start to stall so that you can take some pips out of the market and leave the second position running with a break even SL.

Big E would talk about closing positions that started to pull back and then look for re-entry positions, so this is an adaptation of that approach.

My approach with running two entries per trade and the ATR7 approach is from dcginc.  Remember, if you run with two positions and close the first for profit and move the 2nd SL to BE, it is still a good pip day and it removes the stress for leaving 2 positions open over the weekend.

--- 帖子 #844 ---
I went short on EURUAD as TDI and RSI both closed below 50.

Let's see how it unfolds.

--- 帖子 #845 ---
Week trend is still strong so should carry the day lower.  Watch for a pause at the support around 1.2750.

Currently still short on GU and watching the gbp nzd short plus aud chf long

--- 帖子 #846 ---
Nice 100pip channel for a breakout opportunity - Weekly chart is suggesting Support

Current Week trend down but may be just a pull back.

--- 帖子 #847 ---
Hi Britpip7,

Would you mind sharing your experience with different EMAs? What values would you recommend? I must confess I don't know much about their role in this system apart from that they act as dynamic support and resistance (still reading the old posts). I read in another thread that the trade should be always "away from MAs". What do you make of that?

--- 帖子 #848 ---
As an example, I'll use the current GU day chart for this one.

Many folks use MA crosses and whether they are EMAs (exponential) or simple/smoothed (SMAs), there is little difference, especially on the larger ones.

The classic MA cross for entry signals is 3/8 - Lawgirl had a great thread running on that approach, and Big E was initially using the 5ema as a signal once PA closed above / below.

Big E had a couple of strategies before finally settling on the TMS with the TDI cross and one of those used 23/233 (I use 21/200)  Once the 21 clears the 200, the trend should be good for add-ons.

With the 100 and 200ema often acting as dynamic S/R levels you are looking for a bounce away from the ema, or a cross and close above / below (breakthrough).

With the GU chart examples, you see a change in direction on 4/16 which starts to pull away from the 100/200emas (TDI cross would have confirmed 4/18).  21ema is already above the 100/200 which would favour a long move.  This runs for 400 pips before hitting the brakes.

So now you are in a position of no longer moving away from the 100/200emas (so rules with longer term emas don't really work here!) - there was a TDI cross after 5/1 (and this would be from the overbought zone >68) and now the direction starts to reverse and fall back towards the 100/200ema.  Basically, look to the 100/200emas as gravity in this instance, pulling the price back to earth.

So now the decision is when to take the reverse on the day chart.  You can take the TDI cross, which would have got you in on 5/1, 5/2, or following the RSI rules of waiting until <50, then you have to wait for the pause around 5/7 to 5/14 and then take an entry.  With this reversal, it has such strength that it punches through the 100/200ema, pauses and then goes again, this time moving away from the 100/200ema.  Now the question will be at what point will the 100/200ema pull the price back again and set up the next reversal.

Mostly, this is down to trading style - trend traders will trade away from the 100/200ema and the reversal traders look for reversal signals to head back towards the 100/200ema.  This is where having a combination of approaches will pay off.

Once there is a 300 to 500 pip gap between price and 100/200ema, there will usually be a pause and eventual reversal - or, the price will consolidate for a while and allow the 100/200emas time to move to the price.

Hope that helps.

--- 帖子 #849 ---
With the massive swings that we are seeing in the market, take care on the reversal signals.  TDI is severely oversold, as are most other indicators, so any pause / uptick will look like a reversal signal.  These may just be the market breathing, so wait for confirmation candles - after all a day or so waiting won't kill you!

Unitl you see confirmation, these signals will more likely be continuations than reversals.

I'll post some trade summaries over the weekend - too much activity to post much at the moment

Happy pip farming

--- 帖子 #850 ---
Trading has slowed down, so here's the last week's summary - currently not looking at any new entries / add-ons until after NFP announcements - all stop loss settings have been moved up accordingly, so now it's wait and see what the NFP brings.

Reversal signals will need confirmation, so no early entries on TDI signals until the cross is confirmed on 2nd candle.

Continuation patterns may be worth a look after the H4 candle closes after NFP.

GBP USD

TP1 closed early for +110

TP2 currently at +320

Add On 1 at +120

Add On 2 at +80

SL has 600pips locked in

GBP JPY

TP1 closed for +120

TP2 at +320

Add On 1 at +110

SL has 320pips locked in

EUR USD

TP1 currently at +130

SL has 100pips locked in

Pips from closed trades and SL = 1,250

Total risk currently with 5 open positions as above for 360pips

--- 帖子 #851 ---
Didn't get around to trading this until last week.

TP1 was closed on Friday - 5/25

TP2 still running with 2 add-ons

Add-On 1 was taken from the Day Fractal Low

Add-On 2 was taken on H4 Fractal Low

--- 帖子 #852 ---
Not sure who won the competition for the weakest currency this morning.

Following the UK and US data releases, both remain weak with the EUR still in deep poop!  No clear winner in the competition for whose currency sucks the most, but it appears as though the Dollar may suck less then most of the others!  Cetainly this would appear to be true if you are viewing the currency indexes the Dollar is the strongest - go figure!

Seeing as my gbp/usd and eur/usd trades got stopped out ( +800) with the NFP spike - not unexpected and I was prepared to risk the positions that were still open with the trade management that I had set up, so no tears (OK, only small tears at burning 200pips on the 4 positions - hindsight versus live trading), I am in a wait and see mode - the usual NFP stupidity has calmed down and it looks like the gbp/usd is continuing to push lower again.

GPB/JPY still running and pushing lower - looking for another add-on on H4, but this probably will not happen today.  I have moved my SL again to the previous H4 high, so this locks another 50pips each on the open positions (TP2 and 1 Add-On), and allows 70pips of breathing space.  With TP1 and the current locked in pips, this trade is sitting at +680.

EUR/AUD looking promising so long as PA continues to support the current push higher - not looking at big numbers, so maybe 200pips max as it is in a range at the moment.

Most USD pairs and JPY pairs stay in a continuation pattern.  Possibly looking at AUD and NZD pairs for some reversal action.

--- 帖子 #853 ---
Here's the current activity - entries taken on the Day charts with Add-Ons taken on H4

--- 帖子 #854 ---
EU showing a nice reversal signal (along with others), but as always, I will be waiting for the day candle to close.

--- 帖子 #855 ---
Looks as though all of the talk of EU hitting 1.2555 is running to its conclusion.  Now that the EU has had its mini correction / stall there will be some fresh signals - never been too keen on entering a reversal after such a long run, I'd rather sit out for a few days.

What next?

Maybe look at AUD/CHF or AUD/NZD and get away from some of the hype.  I am out of the market until I see a signal that I like.

--- 帖子 #856 ---
Hi Britpip,

Thanks for the thread, its great! I'm trying to find something that works for me on Daily charts. I have a few questions though.

How come you decided to drop the TDI indicator?

Which APB indicator are you using? Synergy APB or Synergy APB2?

Also would you consider posting your most recent MT4 template?

Thanks in advance,

Expat Trader

--- 帖子 #857 ---
Does this look like a correct long entry? The daily candle just closed, RSI 52. S/L 192 pips. My daily candle just closed 30 minutes ago...

--- 帖子 #858 ---
Welcome Expat

Expat from where?

Answers:

How come you decided to drop the TDI indicator? Not completely dropped - just removed from my main charts - I was seeing several false signals and once TDI goes overbought/oversold, it doesn't give strong signals, so I would rather rely on my own approach of entering on the day and adding on based on H4 Fractals.

Which APB indicator are you using? Synergy APB or Synergy APB2? Neither - Synergy_APB_[C] - this is probably a derivation of APB2 and can be edited

Attached is a simplified template with a lot of stuff removed as I am more interested in Price Action than indicators - the info from APB and Candlesticks tell us a lot, however I have kept a version of the MA cross technique - this is a 3/5 simple MA although a 3/8 also works well - look up Lawgirl's thread on this - not much activity these days but good info on Post#1.

As with any template, it is down to the individual to make it work.

Happy pip hunting

--- 帖子 #859 ---
So after the incredible past few weeks, time to take a break from the 3 amigos as nothing was setting up.

This was taken as a Fractal Low break in the day chart - this triggered after the RAB rate announcement and it sat around and sulked for a day and took off during the Asian session - TP1 closed early to take 85 pips and SL moved to BE +10.

Will move to H4 and watch for more Fractals for Add-On possibilities and see where this one takes us.

--- 帖子 #860 ---
I am in this trade since 1.590 - what is your take in terms of next support ??

--- 帖子 #861 ---
1.5500 region looks to be a challenge.

200ema is slowly rising, and is at the 1.5430 level which may rise some more before being hit by PA..

Looks like a similar PA pattern to yesterday - still watching H4 for new entry points.

--- 帖子 #862 ---
Hmmm - around 130 pips to go - Let's see.

--- 帖子 #863 ---
I took couple of trades on Yen last Friday. It seems after today's move it will take some rest before continue the journey or take a U-turn.

--- 帖子 #864 ---
These current moves look like a mini retracement as opposed to full reversals with the exception of GBP/NZD - seriously missed that one - but then there was a lot of ather active pairs during the past 12 days - you can't catch them all, but it would have been a nice one

--- 帖子 #865 ---
Just out of interest, I went back and ran the numbers of the GBP/NZD.  I know that hindsight charts never lie and never give a profit, but run the backtests and look for similar patterns.  Once you have made the initial entry with TP1 and TP2 and once TP1 has closed out, drop down to H4 and look for add-ons off of fractal breaks - the pips really add up.

Entering on the day chart - 5/25 and then adding on off of H4 fractals, there were a total of 6 add-ons plus the original two entries for TP1 and TP2.

This would have generated a total in excess of 2,000 pips.  Not bad for 11 days!

Word of caution - GBP/NZD and EUR/NZD have a high daily ATR - SL at 2XATR7 can run 500pips or higher, so be aware of the risk and stick to your money management - trade smaller lot sizes, run with 1xATR7.

--- 帖子 #866 ---
Not too much excitement on this trade - nice trend forming and keeping everything positive in the pip farming

One add-on taken on a Fractal Low break on H4

TP1 closed for 85 pips

SL moved to BE + 5 for the add-on which also protects 125 pips on TP2

Currently with price at 1.5557 which gives a total of 330 pips

Worst case scenario if SL triggered will be 215pips

--- 帖子 #867 ---
Could you mark the add-on candles on the H4 chart please. I see 7 horizontal lines one of which I assume is the initial entry off of the daily chart (2.06964) but I am not sure I can see the H4 fractal rule.

--- 帖子 #868 ---
I should be able to post a more detailed entry and H4 Fractal review later tonight.

--- 帖子 #869 ---
SL triggered this morning on the bounce, so 215 pips banked.

Nothing else set up - probably done for the week

--- 帖子 #870 ---
As you peruse the FF threads, you will come across many folks that have multiple trades running and as a result they post very impressive pips.

The primary thing to have clear in your mind as you read these threads, is how the money management strategies play out.

If you trade multiple pairs simultaneously, then your risk reward ratios get dramatically affected.  As you stack up multiple trades, so do you stack up the risk portion of the equation.

Run the numbers and make sure your account can withstand the losses and then understand how long it will take you to make the losses back. If you lose 25% on a trade, you need to gain 33% on the next trades to break even - a 50% loss means that you now need a 100% win to get back to where you were.  Do you have a money management plan?  Do you follow it?  What happens if you have multiples of losses?

Essentially, don't get greedy.  I would prefer to have one successful entry and miss four than load up multiples and then have them reverse on a bad piece of news, or adverse market reaction. "Pigs get fat, Hogs get slaughtered" - be a pig, not a hog!

Once you have a trade in profit and protected, then look for additional trades, or stick with the trade you have and look for Add-Ons.

--- 帖子 #871 ---
Honestly i have been following this thread for some time now, infact i have read the whole thread twice. pls forgive me for my ignorant question because i am just a newbie. Anytime i open the daily chart, the trend is already in play and the tdi cross is already in play also, and i am having a hard time finding the set ups. Pls anyone with an elaborate answer will be appreciated.

--- 帖子 #872 ---
Here you go - hope this helps

--- 帖子 #873 ---
It takes time to pick the entries on the day charts - drop down to H4 and see what happens there and get used to the patterns, then come back to the day charts.

--- 帖子 #874 ---
Thanks! Do you also consider ATRs and RSI when entering add-ons off of H4 or are broken fractals the main concern here?

--- 帖子 #875 ---
ATRs are not a concern for me for Add-Ons - RSI once the day chart has moved, will usually be below 50 for a short Add-On - often times once a fractal forms, it may be several candles before the next run, so there can be a couple of valid entry points for the Add-On

--- 帖子 #876 ---
Hi Brit,

Whist not a A+++ setup I would appreciate some feedback on my interpretation on the below chart.

TDI cross + bar colour change within 2 bars

RSI above 50

Decent ATR

5 EMA broken

Seems to have broken 0.8100 which  looks to me as the most significant resistence

TDI is a little high and would be trading against the direction of the the longer term MAs, though looking at the candle stick chart they seem bullish along with the higher lows. Actually the more I think about it the better it sounds.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Thanks for all the effort you've put into this thread. I've learnt a lot reading through it.

MM

--- 帖子 #877 ---
Hi - not one of my favourite pairs due to a lower ATR range, although nice colour change for the set up candle and a nice TDI signal.

This pair looks still be in a down trend - certainly the week is still showing a down trend.

From the day perspective, the next resistance will be the Fractal at 8151, and then around the 8220 area, so this may be good for a few pips - don't expect high pips from this set up unless it breaks and holds past the Fractal.  May be worth moving to BE as soon as you get some clearance on the entry price.

--- 帖子 #878 ---
I see the thread still gets an update every now and then lol

--- 帖子 #879 ---
very interesting system, i give it a try.

--- 帖子 #880 ---
Hi King Clarence - how have you been?

We've missed you.  How's trading

This seems to have turned into my trade journal, so as I review my own set ups I occasionally post.  Didn't take any trades last week - other distractions, but there were some nice set ups on GU and AU.

--- 帖子 #881 ---
------------------------------------------------------------------

This is indeed an excellent Trading Method for "Swing" as well as "Position" trading.

I wish more of 'the Experienced traders' would post here to keep this valuable forum active and thus help a lot of new traders who have full time jobs and can monitor their "Trades" only once a day.

BTW, I am currently considering the following potential trades :

USD JPY - Short

USD CAD - Short

CAD JPY - Short

GBP NZD - Long

Would appreciate any comments on the above or any other potential Set-ups.

--- 帖子 #882 ---
Most pairs were relatively quiet last week, so depending on Greece and the Euro, we are very likely to see more movement this week.  Watch for the gaps on Sunday opening - usually these will fill and may well reverse as the week progresses.

Current Charts have the SHI Channel courtesy of X-Man - the indicators are attached.  As you get used to drawing in trend lines and S/R levels, it is interesting how often these coincide with the channel.  X-Man has huge success with this in the H4 timeframe - not really tested it on the Day charts yet

Trying out the currency strength indicator - seeing how well this ties in with the currency indexes.

The RSI chart comes from Lawgirl - easy to change settings to match your preferred set-ups.

EU is setting up for a Fractal High break - same set up as EU / EJ / AJ / CHFJ

AJ is sitting in a monthly trading range of 1500 pips - this goes back to May 2010, so watch for PA this week to take it higher (last weeks candle is a doji, so caution)- possible 900 pips until the Month Resistance level.

GBP/AUD has a reasonable look for a reversal as does GBP / NZD

As usual, watch for colour changes on the APB to be supported by PA

Happy pip hunting

--- 帖子 #883 ---
Thanks Britpip7 for starting this thread.

I follow this for a few days.

Very nice and helpful.

--- 帖子 #884 ---
Welcome = post some charts when you start placing some trades

--- 帖子 #885 ---
depending on which camp you are in, the horizontal line represents a strong resistance, or indicates strong demand to keep the price action from heading south, which gives a signal for a long trade!

What next?  Coin Toss?

Possible strategy would be to hedge one jpy cross against another on pending trades based on the day channel high and low

--- 帖子 #886 ---
Whats up brit.Im still around i just dont visit the forums much anymore.I decided to give live trading a break and get back to demo trading and chart studying.Im not going back live until i double my demo account twice.

My other goal is to be trading full time by march next year.Didnt see any set ups today.

--- 帖子 #887 ---
There's no rush - 4x will be around for a while.  I sat out last weeks in-decisions, although not really focused (too many distractions) and looks like this week is close to the same on the day charts.

Most pairs that are on a run are two weeks in, so mostly getting into OB / OS areas - patience in waiting for pauses or reversal signals.

Post some charts when you get some set-ups.

--- 帖子 #888 ---
One of the few set ups on day this week - take a look

Nice reversal pattern on candlesticks

TDI cross

APB colour change

Relatively low ATR7 = 56

RSI still below 50

May be worth a shot?

--- 帖子 #889 ---
Price Action not following through - did not trigger

--- 帖子 #890 ---
Back to candlesticks and trend lines for this one

RSI10 still well below 50

If PA confirms today's candlestick as bullish, there will be an APB colour change today/tomorrow.

Worth watching - same goes for eur/aud - possibly also gbp/nzd

--- 帖子 #891 ---
@Britpips7

how do you interprete the currency strenght & rsi indicators you placed on your chart?

--- 帖子 #892 ---
Somehow, Daily chart with my brokers (IBFX - Australia) appears to be bit different than yours.    Can't figure out the cause for this difference.

--- 帖子 #893 ---
Probably depends on what time IBFX oz starts theri day candle - mine starts at 5pm PDT

--- 帖子 #894 ---
the strength indicator shows which currency is  strongest so if usd is at the top of the list and eur is at the bottom of the list, then eur/usd would be a good currency pair to trade short

For the RSI indicator this shows what the RSI is doing on the various time frames, so if the RSI is showing above 50 for all time frames, then going long would be a good idea.  If the RSI is below 50 on H4 / D but above 50 on M, then verify PA and S/R levels - should be good for a short trade.

I just use these as a heads up - all my decisions come from PA.

--- 帖子 #895 ---
In general the JPY pairs are either in an ascending triangle configuration or are trending steadily, although slowly higher.

Ascending triangles for GBP, EUR, CHF and CAD against the JPY

RSI10 is above 50 for each of these

Watch for the 100 and 200EMAs - 100 to 200 pips above the current trigger positions for long trades.

Strategy for these for TP1 would be to set your TP below the 100 and 200EMA and leave TP2 to run and manage your SL carefully.

--- 帖子 #896 ---
Early days in the current candle but worth adding to the watch list

--- 帖子 #897 ---
I like the golf analogies for the discussion of systems versus expertise.

There are multiple swing techniques and you only have to read any of the multiple golf magazines to find that each coach is promoting a different slant on essentially one goal - accuracy and repeatability. There is no holy grail in golf, or any other particular skill except for learning, experience and application. discover what approach works in any particular scenario and perfect the approach.

All of the retail training companies are there for one purpose - selling training materials and to ultimately generate a passive income from subscription services, so essentially there is going to be an upsell - "join our exclusive platinum members only benefits club/group".

Some of the retail training companies may very well be successful in using their own systems, but I guarantee they make more money selling product than they do in trading. Residual/Passive income is the key (Trump / Kiyosaki).

Maybe cynical - probably not.

From all of the FF threads that start out with a "pure" approach / system, most get corrupted by a profusion of indicators which only serve to confuse and distort the approach.

All indicators are in fact lagging (historical) - they are based on moving averages based on a sample size of previous prices / L/H / closes or they are based on more complicated algorithms. There are no true leading (predictive) indicators. There are numerous examples of robots and EAs that initially work and then collapse.

At the end of the day in any trading environment, Price Action, Supply & Demand, Momentum are the only winners. Some of the indicators have a higher success rate, but blindly following a "when this line crosses that line and when this bar changes colour " will get you in a hole, unless you take the time and energy to understand what is driving the markets, what the risk is and what the probability is of any particular trade set-up.

The institutional investment organizations control billions of dollars - these are the true market makers, the retail trading market is unlikely to ever have the ability to influence a market - is less coordinated and has much less capital.

OK - I'm off the soap box now. That was my 10 cents on "systems"

Cheers - happy pip hunting.

--- 帖子 #898 ---
Always open to additional trading ideas, so I am presently demo testing on the currency index charts as well as the live trading on the forex charts.

There are only 8 charts to watch - USD - EUR - GBP - AUD - NZD - CHF - JPY - CAD, so really easy to set up on one screen.  Currently CHF and CAD are too choppy, so I have the 6 charts on one screen.

I am getting these on MT4 from Lite Forex - SigTrader
http://www.liteforex.com/downloads/mt4/

As these charts are already subject to the calculation based on the USD index calculations, I am only using candlesticks, so no APB.

All other indicators stay the same and the entry set-ups are the same.

To get the indicators into this version of MT4, I just copied them from my IBFX indicators folder into the Sig Trader 4 indicators folder

--- 帖子 #899 ---
Hi, since this is a thread about candlesticks I was wondering if anyone knows what the best open and close times are?  For example, my broker is on Gmt time and London opens at 7:00 gmt on my platform, but i have noticed that a lot of other traders have completely different candlestick patterns, particularly on the 4hr and up.  So this makes candlestick trading kind of ambiguous.  Any suggestions for the most valid time zone to trade?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #900 ---
Pardon my ignorance but what's the difference between looking at AUD index and AUDUSD charts as both of them shows the same trend.

Am I missing something ??

--- 帖子 #901 ---
Very much broker dependent on the candle's start times.

MBT has theirs at 9pm PDT

IBFX is at 5pm PDT

I always wait for a day candle to close before making any decisions, so with my screen availability, I am placing trades between 8pm and 10 pm PDT.

--- 帖子 #902 ---
I did have some video links - but I had a system crash that dumped the links / bookmarks!!!

I trade directly on these charts just as in the usual 4x crosses.  Currently testing out to see if these are easier to see for trades and if the trend runs are better.

These can also ne used as relative strength indicators, so if EU is up and USD is down, EU becomes a good trade.  Not an expert on these yet, so still in the learning phase.  Here's the link to Lite Forex and the formulae for the calculations.

http://www.liteforex.com/trading/tra...ments/indices/

--- 帖子 #903 ---
Thanks for the response Britpip.  At what time does your daily candle close PDT time?

--- 帖子 #904 ---
5pm for those of us on the West coast

If you are concerned on the day charts, drop down to H4 to verify momentum.

Running analysis on the Monthly and weekly should have you setting up for the PA on the lower timeframes D and H4

--- 帖子 #905 ---
Worth a look.

Could be forming up as a head and shoulders, but is worth watching PA for a new reversal.

RSI10 needs to move higher and it will follow PA after the pause over the past few days.

A break of the Fractal Up should confirm the reversal.

Similar patterns on eur/nzd, eur/aud, gbp/aud

--- 帖子 #906 ---
Britpip,

I have a question regarding the ATR1 /ATR7. Is there an upper limit for that? I mean what in a single day the candle is too long? Naturally one would expect some correction during the next candles (?)

--- 帖子 #907 ---
That's an interesting question Verbal and one that could only be answered based on looking back at some of the larger candles to see how the pair reacts, especially when the ATR1 greatly exceeds the ATR7.

When I have some down time I'll run some analysis on the 3 amigos.  My suspicions would be that as long as you do not get a piercing or engulfing pattern on the next candle, then the move will continue, unless you are really close to S/R levels.

--- 帖子 #908 ---
THANKS brit7 for sharing the day trade method

--- 帖子 #909 ---
You are welcome - post some charts of set ups and trades when you get up and running

--- 帖子 #910 ---
Interesting set up for gbp/aud and gbp/nzd - currently watching for Fractal Low breaks

--- 帖子 #911 ---
After the eurozone news, all previous set-ups are still holding, so patience is required.

Do not dive in on the current day candle as it may well retrace - possibly look at triggering a trade off of the H/L.  I will wait on the candle close and see if any trades trigger overnight.

Most trends are still in place, so confirmation needed before we see a reversal - see the aud/usd.

Usually the large day candles have an element of reversal before they resume direction.

Also watch for the 100/200emas - many pairs have these parallel and running horizontal, this can lead to very strong S/R levels

--- 帖子 #912 ---
For anyone riding the EU surge today, don't forget to manage your stop losses before the probable profit taking wave hits before market close.

Just a thought on pip preservation strategies - if you have trades that are in profit and you move your SL to BE, then worst case scenario is you came out even - best case, it doesn't stop you out and keeps running - reduce the stress

--- 帖子 #913 ---
Anybody trading this pair? It seems another add-on point for short is coming up. The only doubt I have is that it's nearing the over-sold zone (RSI10 =24). Comments appreciated.

--- 帖子 #914 ---
Based on Britpip's add-on H4 rules I should've entered earlier.

--- 帖子 #915 ---
The earlier entry was valid - this pair has had add-on signals all the way down.

Add-on can be taken just off of fractal breaks but can also be taken on pauses / mini retraces.  These can be seen better on the H4 once a trend is running.

Once the DAY RSI-10 gets into the 25/75 zones, manage your stop losses carefully.

--- 帖子 #916 ---
Currently watching aud/jpy to see how this develops

Waiting for a break and close above the 200ema to confirm the move from last week.

This is one of the favourite MAs that are watched by all the institutions.

Currently TDI is not strong on direction - slightly diverging from PA, so possible indication that the 200EMA is a supply zone.

--- 帖子 #917 ---
I tired to backtest it on this pair and most of the time it's successful. The only point is SL and TP, specially TP I think.

Do you use the same SL and TP as discussed on the fist page?

--- 帖子 #918 ---
Mostly when the ATR 7 is around 100pips I still use the settings from post #1.

With gb/nz, eu/nz, I do drop down to 1XATR 7 for TP1 & SL.

Running with the 2 entries does change the dynamics of the overall success but on the higher ATR pairs can mess up your money management so drop down on the amount traded to keep within the 2% to 5% rule.

--- 帖子 #919 ---
Some more hindsight analysis on the EUR/NZD, which can give some huge pip yields if you have the patience.

The Charts are intended as a training exercise so that you can run backtesting and experiment with the add-on approach to maximize the pip yield.

(not sure what happened to Chart #3 in this series - lost in space  )

Chart #1

Further Analysis of EUR/NZD Day Entry

Initial heads up as the up trend stalls and sets a second Fractal with a lower high

Large wick / small body is another heads up on the final white APB

Colour change on APB and a close below the 5EMA gives a first possibility of setting the entry point below the Day low

RSI drops below 50 on the second red candle giving another entry point

Depending on how aggressive your trading style is, this makes a difference of 70 pips

With the 200EMA in play, the conservative entry is to wait until this is broken

Chart #2

As ATR 7 is higher on this pair, you have the option of setting you SL and TP1 to 1XATR7 which in this case is 180pips.  The SL can be set above the previous Day H

TP2 is set to the same SL but with the TP not set (leave at 00000)

Chart #4

TP1 eventually closes at 180 pips after 8 days if you stayed with the initial SL setting.  If you moved the SL to a BE point earlier, this would have closed out, but then you can always re-enter on the next APB colour change.

Once TP1 closes, move SL to BE

Add-On Candles – AOC can be taken any time there is a pause in the trend and the trend resumes and breaks the a resumption and can also be taken on Fractal Breaks

My preference is to wait until TP1 closes before adding on and increasing the exposure.

Chart #5

As you enter each new Add-On, move the SL for each entry to the previous AOC level – this should keep you from being stopped out as the trade pauses/breathes and will protect a large proportion of your profits.

Based on the current price (this would still be an active trade with the SL for all entries moved to AOC5 after AOC6 was entered)

AOC6 =70pips

AOC5 = 220pips

AOC4 = 360pips

AOC3 – 440pips

AOC2 = 590pips

AOC1 = 750pips

Original EP = 930pips

TP1 = 180pips

Best Case Scenario = 3,540pips

Total of 8 entries – TP1, TP2 and the 6 AOC’s over a time period of 32 trading days

Worst case scenario would be that this trade reverses and hits the SL set on AOC5, so the total pip yield would be 2,570.

--- 帖子 #920 ---
General updates to incorporate current approach and include links to recent posts worth checking out.

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...75#post5255075

--- 帖子 #921 ---
EU is heading into historic low territory, so lots of support preventing this from going too much further, even with the fundamentals the way they are!

Trade entry was taken form the APB Colour Change - Day Low was just above the 1.2500 level, so as this is a possible stall level, the Entry point was set 25 pips lower - I would rather lose a few pips and allow the PA to be strong enough to break the BRN.

This is a trade where a 2xATR7 may not be the best approach for setting the TP due to the Support levels, so in this case the TP is set short of where we are likely to see the PA stalling.

There is nothing to stop you setting a more optimistic TP - just watch for the PA stalling and manually move your SL accordingly.

--- 帖子 #922 ---
After entering on the Day chart, you can monitor (and manage) the trade on H4 and look for possible Add-On Candles.

When the trade breathes, it will have mini retraces - you can set up for new entries on the H4, or drop down to the lower time frames if you prefer (I do not!)

--- 帖子 #923 ---
hi brit7,

So right now we can be looking for a long setup on the Day chart for EU since there is a strong support sitting below?  if there is a colour change with good cross? is that what u mean?

--- 帖子 #924 ---
Very strong demand level, so yes, looking for a reversal here.

Currently riding it down and keeping the SL tight as it runs.  As usual, PA will tell us what the market is up to, regardless of fundamentals, patterns, etc.

aud/chf looks interesting at the current supply zone.

--- 帖子 #925 ---
In preparation for NFP, I did moves SL up to cover the two entries and left the TP alone for TP1 - the Add-On was left open for TP.  I was quite expecting the usual spike effect from NFP and for everything to stop out for a 20 pip profit.  However, just a solid move south, which was surprising.

TP1 closed for +150 pips and the Add-On is currently at 90 pips with 25 protected.  This will be left to run over the weekend with the SL as is.

The chart is H4 for managing the trade, following the initial entry off of the APB colour change.

TDI day has a very strong cross signal but is showing convergence, so maybe signs of losing momentum.

H4 TDI is heading into seriously Oversold territory on the current run - looking at the history, H4 TDI tend to pause / retrace from this level before resuming, so it would not be a surprise to see it retrace 100 - 200 pips before heading south again.  If there is a retrace, I will need to see a pattern on the Day chart before going long.

Still only looking for sell signals, but watching to see if the EU is going to respect the strong Demand levels, or blow through and set up new lows.

Levels to watch for on the way down:

1.2287 - May 2012

1.1875 - June 2010

1.1640 - Nov 2005

--- 帖子 #926 ---
This looks to be setting up for a push away from the 200EMA which is acting as a dynamic demand level

--- 帖子 #927 ---
Brit,

Been following your thread for awhile. Wish you all the best. Would like to ask for your help in explaining how to use the TMSTDi watchdog. Can't seem to find any info on how to read the info to the right of the indie. Where and how it's calculated. Any help would be greatly appreciated. Thank you.

--- 帖子 #928 ---
Hi SwissTrader,

Attached are my settings for the TDI - I further simplified it to show the strength of the crosses only.  this higher the number the stronger the cross.  You can adjust the settings per the attachment and your TDI should look the same - pick whatever colours work best for you.

Always verify any TDI cross for the following as it is a lagging indicator.

Price Action is still supporting the signal.

Look at the higher timeframes to see if this is a trend trade or a re-trace

S/R levels - don't trade into them - same goes for 100/200ema

--- 帖子 #929 ---
Greetings - just as a heads up, FOMC is released at 11am PDT today.

I have closed my EU trades and will look for new entries.

If you have open positions, manage your SL accordingly - this news release often sees a spike in price.

--- 帖子 #930 ---
Although there is still a lot of downward pressure on EU, the demand level is also strong.

FOMC may tip the balance today and provide new entry opportunities.

--- 帖子 #931 ---
Only traded eu over the past week, so no huge pip totals.  Any time you are in profit for the week - that's a good thing

EU had pulled back and set up a new entry opportunity.  the 7/4 candle followed a nice reversal pattern from the previous 4 days and I was only looking for sell signals.  This would also qualify as a TDI entry.

TP was set to 150 just because EU is in a very strong demand zone and the probability is more for consolidation that a strong run - unless it breaks through and then you go with the Add-On Candles.

I still avoid placing traded at Big Round Numbers - BRN, so my entry points are usually 25 pips blow, so 1.2475, 1.2375, especially if there was a mini pause at the BRN.

Just the 295 pips over the past couple of weeks, but lots of pairs setting up nicely with pauses / possible reversals

--- 帖子 #932 ---
Wonderful example of a chart tracking the 200ema - dynamic demand zone with the index showing a range of 230 pips.

Basically no good for trading off of the day charts unless you take the entries as price hits the 200ema.

The other day chart option is to wait for it to break out of the box.

Another option is to drop down to H4 and trade the current day range which is now down to 160pips.

--- 帖子 #933 ---
Lots of pairs hovering around their 200ema with a couple breaking through - watching for whether these get confirmed or whether they are false breaks.

Still watching for sell signals on EU - month and week charts still down - approx 300pips to go before it hits the next major demand zone (or you could say that it is in a demand zone which has a 300-400 pip zone!)

Most promising 200ema breaks look to be aud/jpy and nzd/jpy

eur/aud and eur/nzd are 600 and 900 pis respectively below 200ema - it will be interesting to see if they get pulled back on a reversal or whether they stay in consolidation while the euro zone sorts itself out.  Currently I am still looking for sell signals - Month and Week charts are all downhill.

--- 帖子 #934 ---
Think we might have a small retracement on eurusd. However, in my opinion, eurusd is going to fall and keep falling.

GH

--- 帖子 #935 ---
No argument here - The fundamentals don't help the Euro's cause and the charts are screaming down, down, down.

Any pull back should probably be traded on H4 until there is a clear sign of a larger retracement.

--- 帖子 #936 ---
First of all, a Big Thank You to you and all the other contributors for creating this thread.

I was following the original TMS thread and applied those methods, but like you, I also have new time constraints that don't allow me to trade during the day anymore.

I have moved to only trading the Daily charts and mostly on Price Action, so I am really excited that I found this thread - as it seems like a perfect fit for me.

Over the weekend, I read thru the entire thread and have learned a lot from it.  I have my charts setup and look forward to getting started.

It is probably not the best time to start, since summer time and especially August is often a tough market to trade.  So I will start with small positions in a live account until I get more experience with this method/time frame.

Thanks again....

Mike B

--- 帖子 #937 ---
AUDUSD caught my attention and looks like a potentially good long setup.

I have entered long at 1.02474.

Chart is attached with notes that show my reasoning for taking the trade.

Being new to this thread, Any comments or advice are always appreciated....

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

http://www.forexfactory.com/%3Ca%20h...ngau071512.jpg

Cheers.

Mike B

--- 帖子 #938 ---
Welcome Mike,

So long as the charts move, I am not too worried what time of year it is - maybe lower your expectations on initial pip targets, but the volume is still there from the institutions.

Patience is a must when waiting for the day charts to set up - sometimes, if the reversal patterns look good on day, you can drop to the lower time frames for a better / earlier entry point.

--- 帖子 #939 ---
Mike - I like the notes - your comment about trading into a resistance level is accurate - my chart does not yet have a candle closing above 200ema, so I will wait for that to confirm the long

--- 帖子 #940 ---
Strong supply level on aud - plenty of room to move

--- 帖子 #941 ---
gu had a large set up candle on Friday and I had every intention of setting up the trade on Sunday but got distracted.

the key to this trade was that it was heading towards the 100/200ema so the plan was to set TP1 at 150pips - so just short of the 200ema and leave TP2 open.

there was also an add-on opportunity, so this set up was good for at least 250pips.

even a missed opportunity has learning points

--- 帖子 #942 ---
NZD and AUD seem to setting up for a move south

NZD index RSI 10 dropping - currently 50.28 - wait for day close to confirm.

--- 帖子 #943 ---
Hi Britpip,  I took the same trade.

I entered after the TDI crossed and HA color change.

I jumped the gun a bit, since I entered before the candle closed below the MA, but it was acting nicely, so I took it after the rejection of the overhead resistance level.

Cheers..

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #944 ---
Depending on how you treat fundamentals with the latest usd retail figures and gbp AAA rating and EuroZone recovery plans and the Olympics effect, this makes for some interesting trades, but can be difficult on the day charts.

Personally, I let the charts tell me where they want to go- I keep up to date with the news events but really pay little attention to them when placing trades - Price Action overrules news!

Currently the GU is ranging 300pips on the day supply and demand regions.  Depending on your trading styles, placing a pending short would take advantage of the current supply levels with the Friday candle showing as much body as wick which indicates a loss of momentum.  Probably profit taking on Friday before market close.

Dropping down to H4 may give some better entry signals with plenty of reluctance on the past couple of candles to set new higher closes.

I am looking to set the SL just above the supply zone if the Sunday candles support the Friday set up.  Risk:Reward at 1:3 with this set up.

--- 帖子 #945 ---
Hi there BP7,

Not a lot of action around here. I just wanted to follow up your last post to see how it ended. My chart is Ninja but basically same data - looks like it was a good result. How did you go ??

Cheers

Brian

--- 帖子 #946 ---
Hi Brian,

It went well - TP1 closed at +100 pips and TP2 closed at +130, so +230 for the week.

Really slow at the moment - watching EU for a short as well as CHF pairs.  CAD pairs look to be moving along with oil right now.

On the liteforex index charts - NZD + EUR + CHF for short, CAD and Brent for longs

Basic rules are, if it doesn't match with the trading plane, sit out.  Doing a lot of sitting out so far in August - but that's par for the course through the summer.

--- 帖子 #947 ---
Not a huge amount of movement in the past week

Eur is slowly heading back south on EU and EJ, so may be worth an entry.  Thursday gave a large initial move and then pulled back on Friday, so maybe after a rest for a couple of days, we'll see further movement.

Same story for NZD after the employment figures

CHF/JPY is also in a similar set-up

CAD pairs are enjoying a run based on what oil is doing - past 30 days has seen a $20 rise which was worth 2,000pips.

--- 帖子 #948 ---
Hi David - welcome to a new week. Can only jot down what I see happening but as you know very well , this market beast will do what it wants / when it wants. It's good to have a bit of a plan of attack though.

Have a great week . Regards

Brian

--- 帖子 #949 ---
TDI setting up for a cross - RSI10 >50 - APB colour change

--- 帖子 #950 ---
Is it a start of reversal

--- 帖子 #951 ---
hello prftablefool,

can you pls post your template and explain the rationale behind it. Thanks in anticipation that you won't turn me down.

Ayour2a

--- 帖子 #952 ---
Looks promising - missed the reversal on the day chart, so watching for an H4 entry now.

--- 帖子 #953 ---
Hi David - I like the look of your daily chart . The TDI crosses seem deliberate & easily identified. I am concentrating on Momentum / Pullback /entry off PA but the us of the TDI on the Daily looks worthy of investigation. Question for you - what sort of Stop is required ( ballpark figure is fine ). Obviously we would not get the same tight stops we can get in the 15min. Any other comments on your experiences with this method would be really interesting to hear. Regards

Brian

--- 帖子 #954 ---
Brian,

I use a couple of approaches on SL

In a tighter ranging market I will look to keep around the rule of 1X ATR7, and in a wider ranging market 2xATR7, so this way it ties in with the range moves of the timeframe that you are trading.

Another approach is to use previous swing high/low - which often matches to 2xATR7 rule.

Higher timeframes = larger SL and TP target, with less trades and less time needed on the screen.

the chart shows my thoughts on this trade - if TP1 does not close out in the current candle I would consider closing manually in case the 200ema dynamic support kicks in - TP2 SL would move to BE+20pips and then manually manage any add-ons / profits

--- 帖子 #955 ---
Cheers for the response David. Comparing your S/L with expected TP1, this infers that your Stops are very seldom hit. Is this a fair assumption?

I am generally happy with 1:1 myself on live trading but this is  small stuff compared to say the Daily. I would be uneasy with the same MM on the Daily. In other words - if the success rate was consistant, it would be worth the probable pain of seeing larger than normal DrawDowns. What do you reckon ?

Regards

Brian

--- 帖子 #956 ---
Britpip in your chart looking backwards, the trend was up but there were series of red candles reversals and tdi also crossed, taking those trades would have ended up a looser, why didn't you took those trades? How did you know that the current reversal was a true reversal?

--- 帖子 #957 ---
Brian,

Depends on whether you let a losing trade run all the way - I have got a lot stricter in pulling the plug on the losers - if it isn't working out, I'll probably kill it on the 3rd candle.

win/lose ratio is pretty high - above 75% and a better measure is pips won / lost which should be 3:1 or better

--- 帖子 #958 ---
Hi Brit,

Can i confirm that your regular entry (non-fractal) are at the start of the new candle after the TDI cross (assuming all other conditions are favourable)?

--- 帖子 #959 ---
E/U looks a good setup for a short, U/CH for a long..

comments greatly appreciated.

--- 帖子 #960 ---
Always wait for the candle to close.  Then ensure that Price Action confirms the move.  I enter in the early stages of the new candle, so for me the new candle starts at 5pm and I enter between 8pm and 9:30 pm, or place pending buy stops or sell stops.

TDI cross should confirm the move along with price action.

I will time my entries off of the old candle H/L which allows Price Action to continue / confirm the move.

If dealing with a fractal based entry, set your entry 5 to 10 pips above / below the fractal.

--- 帖子 #961 ---
Great question.

see the attached chart - not all TDI crosses are created equal, and you can still lose - nothing is foolproof after all, and you do have to pay the forex gods occasionally!

As well as having great angles on the TDI cross, you need good PA momentum with HH / HL, LL / LH, and candles that do not stagnate or pull back / stall

--- 帖子 #962 ---
As a respect to Britpip, I won't go into the details of trading method as it may contradict what Britpip is explaining and following so far on this thread.

I think it is sufficient to say the rationale behind taking those trades were that price was rejected (check marks) at 10 EMA with engulfing bars indicating the downward pressure.

If you need further clarification, pm me and I will respond.

Hope this helps.

--- 帖子 #963 ---
It would be interesting to see if price close firmly above 1.0500.  However, as a word of caution, if someone is already short on AUDCAD then it would be highly coorelated trade.

--- 帖子 #964 ---
Thank you for respecting the thread - really appreciate that.

My primary goal is to not get hung up an a screen full of indicators - From the days of Big E and the Synergy approach, I have several screen set ups, but the TDI seems a consistent approach so long as you don't blindly take every cross.

--- 帖子 #965 ---
Can any one show me how to set time parimeters in tdi histo 3 time frames. I want to have 1day, week & month.

--- 帖子 #966 ---
take a look at Xaphod's thread - http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=294327 - there was discussion on this a while ago

--- 帖子 #967 ---
GU is haeding back into a major Support Zone and has typically bounced off of the 200ema - watch for APB colour change

--- 帖子 #968 ---
Britpip

there are so many convetional rules regarding this system. What is your basic rule before you consider taking any trade? I.e whithout this rule being met you pass the trade

--- 帖子 #969 ---
Read Page 1 - everything is there

--- 帖子 #970 ---
It would appear that not only the talking heads are talking the euro down, but so is the serious money.  Following this week's news - watch for the euro to eventually drift lower - suggest watching this one on H4 for entry positions.

As usual, wait for the charts to tell you where they are heading.  The eu weekly chart is showing lower lows continuing to be set.

Lord Rothschild has taken a near-£130m bet against the euro as fears continue to grow that the single currency will break up.

The member of the banking dynasty has taken the position through RIT Capital Partners, the £1.9bn investment trust of which he is executive chairman.

The fact that the former investment banker, a senior member of the Rothschild family, has taken such a view will be seen as a further negative for the currency.

The latest omen follows news in The Daily Telegraph late last week that the government of Finland is already preparing for the euro’s break-up.

RIT, which Lord Rothschild has led since 1988, had a -7pc net short position in terms of principal currency exposures on the euro at the end of July, up from -3pc at the end of January. Given a net asset value of £1.836bn at the end of July, the position is worth £128m.

Sources close to RIT suggested that the position was not a dogmatic negative view on the euro as a currency, but rather a realistic approach on a currency that remains relatively weak.

--- 帖子 #971 ---
With the aud index heading south and gold reaching the 200ema, watch for continued weakness.

--- 帖子 #972 ---
Britpips thank you for your trade insights, i just opened a demo acc 1 wk ago and since then i have not taken any trade because as i open my charts all d pairs are already on a trend rally. So, what am i suppose to do? Sit out and wait for a tdi cross?

--- 帖子 #973 ---
That is pretty much how it works.  I am in the same position and will not place any trades until this evening - if there is an entry!

You can also look at the H4to pick up trend pauses and fractal breaks - refer to the training charts

--- 帖子 #974 ---
I'm on the same boat.  I have my demo account for about a month, just $100.  However, I'm activitly trading with the fake money.  Currently I lost about $18, but I've gained a lot of experience.  I bought the AUDCAD at $1.0335 Sunday night.  I'm getting $0.41 profile at this point. Brithpip, thanks for your jump start training.

--- 帖子 #975 ---
Looks good today based on the early signs of the TDI Cross coming from the 32 level - possible rejection of the 200ema break a few days ago.  I would prefer PA to be above the 200ema, but that's me!  I'll wait for the Tuesday candle close before entering if PA continues .

Nice reversal pattern on the candles so far.

APB colour change

--- 帖子 #976 ---
Looks promising - past 4 candles have given up the ghost and are now looking like a candidate for a supply zone sell, especially with the 200ema in place.

Early days for this one  - no TDI cross / no APB colour change, but a great watch list candidate as are most of the JPY pairs for a move south.

--- 帖子 #977 ---
I suggest looking at the USD-JPY daily, to trade the Yen weakness after it's run up, as the GBP is showing strength, cheers

--- 帖子 #978 ---
Hi Britpip,

a simple qn for you.. do you normally have exposure to more than 1 pair concurrently, or you do more of add-ons to the same pair using H4 as entries?

--- 帖子 #979 ---
Britpip

your chart look nice, what is your settings of currency strength indi? My tdi font is blured how can i fix this?

--- 帖子 #980 ---
Nice

Looks really good with today's move

Cheers

--- 帖子 #981 ---
My preference is to only be exposed to a single pair and run with the add-on strategy.

However, if that trade is running in profit and everything is locked in at BE or better, I will look at other trades

--- 帖子 #982 ---
Post #932 for TDI settings

Currency Strength indi is in the attachments - you will need to play with the settings to have it display as you want it.

Template is also in attachments.

--- 帖子 #983 ---
It seems to have a good run so far.  Approaching the danger zone.   Keeping fingers crossed.

--- 帖子 #984 ---
Very nice trade so far.

PA now running up to 200ema 70 pips to go), so time to manage the SL

RSI on Day and H4 running unto oversold territory, so PA may well stall before taking a run at the 200ema, so could present a nice add-on opportunity.

--- 帖子 #985 ---
Britpip

firstly, this trade when did you enter? Because i have been looking for set up for some weeks and i can seem to find any.

Secondly, pls you and other persons who has really goten a hang of this system should post setups like you've always done just to help newbie like i get used to the system because its fraustrating when you scan the charts and you don't find any set up while others are riding one trade or the other. Pls just for the newbie's sake.

Lastly, if you can save this your current chart template and upload it, it will be deeply appreciated.

You are really doing a nice job here, thank you.

--- 帖子 #986 ---
I was not on that one - but my entry point would be the second horizontal line.  I typically like to wait until RSI(10) crosses the 50 - I watch this value in the Data Window.

I only have limited time to post commentary on the charts, so what you see is what you get

Start backtesting and look for similar set-ups to the attached chart.  Usually an APB colour change with top and bottom wicks precedes the TDI Cross.  Once APB changes colour, there are 3 to 8 bars at that colour.  Watch for PA to confirm the move.

Check the attachments (paper clip - then hide images) for templates / indicators, etc, they are all in there.

--- 帖子 #987 ---
Hey

Good to see you still at it, hoping the charts have been kind to you.  Been reading your thread and you've confirmed some stuff for me, and taught me stuff as well.  Thanks a bunch.

Leona

--- 帖子 #988 ---
Hi Leona - nice to see you again.

Had a lot of requests for a day chart approach to TMS - less hectic than all this rushing around on the 5 and 15 min charts

--- 帖子 #989 ---
thanks for your brilliant and kind gesture. The template part i dont understand how to get it with your reply.

--- 帖子 #990 ---
here you go

--- 帖子 #991 ---
AU generally looking weaker across the pairs - AUD/CAD  AUD/USD.

Watching for Fractal Low Breaks and continuation of PA

--- 帖子 #992 ---
Caution with this one as it hovers above the 200ema and the RSI(10) >50

3 amigos are all running the same, so pick the best set-up

AU is looking promising with a TDI cross below the mid zone as is NZ/USD

AUD/JPY and AUD/CAD have now broken their Fractal Lows and are now below the 200ema as is GBP/JPY

EUR/AUD is taking a breather - possible entries as it picks up the PA and breaks the Fractal High

Looks like most pairs have something going on

--- 帖子 #993 ---
This pair is doing good so far.  Is it going to make 1.2500 ? probably if it close firmly above 1.2200.  Let's see

--- 帖子 #994 ---
Nice to see you here! I have been trading on TMS & Xman method for a few months... but I still can't a profitable way to make profit consistently. I think it's due to my daytime job and unable to check every pair in H1 or H4 chart... Last week, I was lucky to find your thread here. At the same time, I read a good article online showing that the advantages of trading on Daily Chart (http://www.learntotradethemarket.com...rading-results). So I decide to have a try your method and read all your posts here. Hopefully I can master your excellent method on the daily in one day.

Sorry for the long words above... now I would like to show my analysis on a few pair that I did. Pls have a look and give me some comments!! Thanks!!

AUDUSD

Entered on the break of low fractal and I think TDI crossed & APB color changed still within 2-3 bars that not gone away yet

AUDCAD

Entered on confirmed break of low fractal and fresh TDI crossed (similar to AUDUSD)

CADJPY

Still looking, will enter once the daily candle close today base on bounce from S/R, above EMA5 and a nice up trend

GBPJPY

Was thinking to enter but want to wait until confirmed fractal break, see how it moves after NY close today

AUDJPY

Didn't enter as too far away from the beginning of TDI/APB signal and closing EMA100 & EMA200, not a good entry for me

Pls feel free to comment on my analysis, thx so much!!!!!!

--- 帖子 #995 ---
Very nice with the Add-Ons

--- 帖子 #996 ---
Never thought this would get to 1,000 posts

USA confidence numbers sank the 3 Amigos this morning and now everything looks to be flattening out after all the excitement.

AUD pairs still looking good, especially against JPY, CAD and CHF

Also still going are the EUR and GBP versus AUD and NZD.

--- 帖子 #997 ---
Hi Britpip7, could I bother you some time to have a look on my chart above? I really appreciate your assistant and guidance. Thank you very much!

--- 帖子 #998 ---
I like the aud/cad and aud/jpy charts - shows a really good channel on the TDI so great entry signals when the RSI Price Line breaks the upper or lower zone.

Charts look great - the gbp/jpy PA spiked and would have triggered any pending trades based off of the Fractal Low.

Mostly the jpy pairs have gone flat - most of the action is currently on aud pairs and nzd pairs

--- 帖子 #999 ---
Nice view of the aud index still retreating

300pips in 11 days since the entry point without add-ons

750pips with add-ons as shown on the H4 chart

200ema is now 130pips away on the day chart

SL strategy uses the Fractal Highs on H4

--- 帖子 #1000 ---
NZD now has a day close below 200ema

Fractal Low break

RSI 10 has been below 50 for a few candles

Nice TDI slope

H4 chart is at 32 on TDI but is worth watching for more entry opportunities on fractal breaks

--- 帖子 #1001 ---
EU and GU continue to drift - no real signals.  EU has an inside candle.

AUD continues to move south - pick your favorite pairing

CAD/JPY and USD/JPY showing signs of heading south - add to watch list

EUR/AUD and GBP/AUD continue to rise - GPB/AUD has closed above the 200ema

--- 帖子 #1002 ---
HI Britpip7, do you actual trade AU index? Which Broker has this index to trade? Also, is it wide spread?

BTW, I would like to ask the ranking in # of diff currency indicator that how it works.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #1003 ---
Only demo trading with the indeces right now and the results have been very encouraging.  You can also use them to give you confirmation of direction on the standard forex pairs.  Trading method will be the same - no need to mess with the current approach, except that I am currently using candlesticks as opposed to APB!

Liteforex - http://www.liteforex.com/downloads/mt4/

Didn't see anything too bad on spreads - doesn't really make much of a difference to me seeing as I am on the higher timeframes, so 5 - 8 pips is nothing when we are looking for 100+ pip moves.

Should go live in the next month.

--- 帖子 #1004 ---
Nice! Thx u!!

Btw, just entered GBPJPY today as it goes back to fractal low and show strong PA

Also did long on USDCAD, fresh signal of APB TDI AND EMA5, will add position when it breaks high fractal

Thx!!

--- 帖子 #1005 ---
GBP/JPY looks the best of the bunch - I have a pending sell stop.

--- 帖子 #1006 ---
This pair is still kicking.  Chances are that it is gonna make 1.2500

--- 帖子 #1007 ---
Ride the wave and be happy

Nicely done with the add ons - keep managing the stop losses.

--- 帖子 #1008 ---
Subscribed. Thanks for all of the posts. Since I'm new to this, I'll be reading for some time. Thanks again.

--- 帖子 #1009 ---
Welcome to the group

--- 帖子 #1010 ---
Hi guys, i went in for a eur cad short....and got stopped out at 120 pips.  This was twice the ATR for 7 days.  Now i know losses are part of any method....but i wanted to see what others who have spent time in this daily method have to say.  Maybe there was something i could have done differently?

--- 帖子 #1011 ---
Would you mind explaining the rationale of going short as atleast I don't see any reason when price is stuck in the range.

--- 帖子 #1012 ---
Sure, i had set a sell stop for a fractal break.  Now, what happened was that it did just barely set off the sell, but as soon as it did, it just reversed upwards.  Now when i look at it, the bars don't really have ideal price action....

--- 帖子 #1013 ---
Agreed - not the strongest PA to make an entry - dropping down to H4 may have given you a better view of the range.

--- 帖子 #1014 ---
Thanks britpip, that RSI level was something i did not catch at the moment.

--- 帖子 #1015 ---
I have it with no colour in the TDI window, but watch the value in the data window.  If I have a trade that goes against me it is usually a combination of one or more of the following

lack of PA momentum

200ema rejects the PA

strong support / demand levels

RSI not crossing / closing above / below the 50 level

I could add that sometimes sh*t happens, but figured you already knew that one

--- 帖子 #1016 ---
Here's a challenge!

eur/aud, eur/nzd, gbp/aud, gbp/nzd

Great TDI cross with APB colour change for a set-up candle.  RSI still running above 50 and a rejection of the 200ema for eur/aud.

Any brave souls leaping into the abyss?

NFP tomorrow!!!

--- 帖子 #1017 ---
Hi Britpip,

What's your take on EUR/AUD now? Nice consolidation below 200EMA in about a 100-120 pip range. As you mentioned there was a TDI cross back last week. Seems like today we shall see a closing below EMA5 and descending TDI below 68.

--- 帖子 #1018 ---
This money train  reached the station atleast for now.

Let's see when it makes a U-turn.

--- 帖子 #1019 ---
All 4 pairs - gb/au, gb/nz, eu/au, eu/nz have similar set-ups, so really waiting for a new PA move.

out of all of these, eu/au looks the most resistant right now!

--- 帖子 #1020 ---
RSI was below 50, but great APB colour change and shape to support the tdi cross

--- 帖子 #1021 ---
Some nice PA taking this pair and gb nzd into a reversal pattern - watch on H4 for add on possibilities

ATR 7 116pips at set up candle - TP1 = 200pips, TP2 currently open.

RSI 10 below 50

TDI RSI Price line moving below mid zone line

Depending on Friday PA, may close TP1 - patience - wait and see

--- 帖子 #1022 ---
Hi Britpop,

I have been following your method for a while. Thankyou for taking the time to publish your results. It has helped my trading alot. I got in the eur/aud long trade and netted close to 700 pips. Amazing! It took many nights of should i close it should I not.

What do you think of this potential trade on the eur/gbp?

The rsi needs to come down at 55 at the moment. But after that I think we are good to go.

The ATR (1) is only at 65% of ATR (7) so waiting for this aswell.

Do you wait until it hits 75% then enter or do you wait until the candle close which for me is 22:00 GMT?

http://i46.tinypic.com/bi8keo.png

Thanks,

Jonny

--- 帖子 #1023 ---
Update: Eur/Gbp

Trade has hit >75% ATR(1) to ATR (7)

RSI is 47 according to the line but the digit top left says 52. Strange?

I am setting up a limit order on H1.

--- 帖子 #1024 ---
Hi Jonny - welcome

GB is looking strong at the moment and Eur is reversing on most pairs.

Eur GB is one og the lower ATR7 movers, so I generally stay on E/U, E/J, E/A.

Currently the RSI 10 is showing 48 on the day chart, although it is now on its 4th bar after TDI cross, so maybe this is worth looking at on the H4 for an entry on a Fractal Low break.

Good luck

--- 帖子 #1025 ---
Nice reversal bar yesterday, is this the one that starts the reversal?

TDI has crossed and is confirmed

Lots of room to run - 800pips

RSI 10 coming down with the current PA but still up at 58 - 60

Possibly waiting for a close below the 200ema

This pair is also giving the appearance of a reverse head & shoulders pattern - read into that what you will

--- 帖子 #1026 ---
Well that did not happen - nice set up but PA stalled out and we now have a pinbar / pull back candle which shows more of a buy signal than anything, especially given the bounce back up from the 200ema!

--- 帖子 #1027 ---
Ok so after a tense couple of days my limit order (EUR/GBP) was activated. Yesterday the trade formed a new low and then pulled back. I could have had an add on there but I was against my risk criteria.

I am now 37 pips up for TP1 and TP2. Its here i need to be paitient and disciplined as my initial feeling is to close the trade to avoid a loss and lock in profit.

But we are clear for the next 200 pips so i will stick to the rules and take profit at 2 x ATR (100 pips) and 4 x ATR (200 pips).

http://i49.tinypic.com/sl7mfp.png

Britpip I have noticed that looking on h1 to see that the tdi is in oversold territory would it be worth locking in pips and re-entering on fragment break to optimise profit?

check out h1 atm

http://i46.tinypic.com/wjusys.png

--- 帖子 #1028 ---
Nice entry - looks like the 3 amigos have finally aligned!

For my approach / trading style, once the entry has been executed I only use the H4 to make decisions based on re-entries / SL adjustments, etc.

One of the dangers of dropping to the lower timeframes is that they will often have reached an oversold / overbought area during any trend move on the day charts.

--- 帖子 #1029 ---
Finally after a couple of false starts, we have PA.

RSI 10 has agreed to drop below 50 - coincides with the TDI bounce

80 pips until the 200ema

SL moved to BE - an early and aggressive move, but with the 200ema relatively close, maybe not - we shall see!

--- 帖子 #1030 ---
Would you elaborate how to avoid it? Would RSI10 be of any concern in H4?

--- 帖子 #1031 ---
My trading plan is written based on day charts, so all of my entries are from the day chart.

Once I am in a trade, the only time I go to a lower timeframe is when the PA is stalling.  The H4 charts give me add-on entries, once I am in profit and pips are locked in the bank.

I have no real interest in going lower.  In fact as you go through the lower time frames you will pick up conflicting signals.

The Day will confirm your short entry and show no signs of danger.

The H4 may show a pull back.

M30 will show you a buy signal.

After all of this information what do you do?  Close the trade?  Open a new trade hoping for a reversal?

I decided long ago that I needed a timeframe to stick with and with my lifestyle and available hours, that was the day chart.

It has boiled down to making a choice, sticking with it and having the patience not to be distracted by all of the noise on the lower timeframes.

Most of my trading decisions are based on the day candles (patterns / supply / demand / fractals) and the day RSI 10, so even though the H4 RSI 10 may conflict with the Day RSI 10, I'll usually ignore it, set my SL to a recent H/L and go from there - much more peaceful way of trading - but that's me!

--- 帖子 #1032 ---
The short eur/gbp trade stalled.

It hit a support area and everytime it touch the price zone it accelerated upwards. I locked in 70 pips profit.

New trade:

EUR/JPY

SL = 100 pips

TP1 =200 pips

TP2 = 400 pips

RSI currently at ~45

ATR1 >75% ATR (7)

Below 200 EMA

Free for 4 x ATR after price breaks the BRN

Limit orders setup for fractal break 25 pips out of current fractal low

http://i50.tinypic.com/nltxua.png

--- 帖子 #1033 ---
Hi JonnyWolfe,

Would you please be kind enough to tell this New Trde Buy or Sell ? also please tell about Entry Price .

Thanks

arsheed

--- 帖子 #1034 ---
I would very much value your opinion on a short on GU - I think it fulfils most of the requirements for your 'ideal entry' at the moment , but I have only recently started seriously looking at daily charts ,so i've probably missed some important points ,  and I would realy like to learn the daily trades .Rob.

--- 帖子 #1035 ---
No problem - Day charts are by their nature slow to develop, but when they confirm are usually good for at least 100 pips.

GU looks to have a strong resistance developing at 1.6100 and EU is following the pattern - patience.

Maybe a pending sell stop at at 1.6075?

However, with the RSI 10 moving back to the 50 level, watch for the 3 amigos to establish another mini range - possibly reversing back to their highs of a few weeks ago.

EU could well be rejecting the 200ema and this would give a possible range of 400 pips

--- 帖子 #1036 ---
Thanks so much - I'll keep watching and waiting .

--- 帖子 #1037 ---
good to see this thread still going

--- 帖子 #1038 ---
Hi King - how's the trading going?

--- 帖子 #1039 ---
Things have been going good lately.Decided i was gonna demo trade for a whole year and master the Tms.The main thing i see that i need to work on is staying in my trades longer

--- 帖子 #1040 ---
Often a challenge - especially where the trade reverses 100+pips and your SL gets hit.  Even though I have had a bunch of those on B/E trades, the results are still good.

One thing to look at is when you do get stopped out, watch for the re-entry, as opposed to immediately trading the reversal - there seems to be more of that happening in the current market.

Not been trading the past two weeks - too many distractions - no point in trading if your brain is distracted - should be back to it next week.

--- 帖子 #1041 ---
Open         Close            Open            Close

Cad/Jpy   80.053       80.396          10-4-12        10-5-12

Gbp/Jpy   127.131     127.125         10-4-12        10-5-12

Eur/Aud   1.25920     1.26758         10-2-12         10-3-12

Aud/Usd   1.02581     1.01861        10-2-12        10-3-12

Gbp/Cad   1.58356     1.58885        10-1-12        10-3-12

These are my trades for the last week.The 50 pip loss i had is because i got out too soon

--- 帖子 #1042 ---
i'd love to see the charts

--- 帖子 #1043 ---
When all of the signals are heading in one direction and the Price Action stalls, it can be very powerful to wait for the next move.

Once the PA has paused for several candles look for a Fractal High break as the next re-entry opportunity.

This one gives you over 300pips in a week and if you drop down to the H4 for Add-On Candles, many more are available.

Hope this helps

--- 帖子 #1044 ---
au 200 ema broken

aud index generally weaker this week - broken through the support zones

--- 帖子 #1045 ---
Crossing my fingers

--- 帖子 #1046 ---
Looks like a nice exercise in pip farming

--- 帖子 #1047 ---
GB showing signs of heading lower despite all the current talk of the recession is over and "green shoots of recovery".

GBP index is in a very tight range of 150 pips for the day chart, so expect a breakout.

If Fractal Low is broken, the RSI 10 will drop below 50.

--- 帖子 #1048 ---
Hope you managed to get in on this one

--- 帖子 #1049 ---
Please BRITPIPS, this is a trade i entered yesterday, the trade meant all the conditions, a color change and a good cross, RSI10 approaching 50 and candle closea above the 5 ema. pls give your professional thought on this trade.

--- 帖子 #1050 ---
Please give your thought on this chart, is it a perfect long trade set up?

--- 帖子 #1051 ---
Hi Britpip and fellow traders,

Been paper trading your system for a couple of weeks now with some interesting results. Whilst I haven't read the entire thread, looking at your ideal setup on page 1, there's one requirement I don't understand.

'PA moves with ATR(1) at 75% or higher of ATR(7)'

PA of course is price action, however I haven't been able to figure out how to interpret its relationship with the ATR, so would appreciate some enlightenment in this area.

As an aside, you mention other time frames. Being very visual, I've found it useful to have both a day chart and a week chart open at the same time. Helps determine if the day signal is valid.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1052 ---
Please BRITPIP and the rest fellow traders, this thread have not been contributed to for so many weeks now, please try and make it lively for the new and upcoming traders to learn, please. its a great thread.

--- 帖子 #1053 ---
BRITPIPS we need you in the house.

--- 帖子 #1054 ---
BRITPIPS we need you in the house.

--- 帖子 #1055 ---
@ Buttonjock, let me give it a try . . .

suppose E/U is giving a TDI cross at 1.30 and ATR(7) at that moment is 160 pips. The current candle close (ATR(1)) should be 75% of 160 = 120 pips up or down when compared to yesterday's close. In case of an upswing, it should be at 1.30 + 120 pips = 1.3120 .

But let Britpip answer more detailed or precise, he is the one who started this thread and thought out this system, these rules are his brainchild.

Britpip, please come in here, we need you!

Regards, Jos

--- 帖子 #1056 ---
Thanks Jos

That helps quite significantly. Apologies for taking so long to reply. Been having password issues and the reset function wasn't working.

Cheers

Col

--- 帖子 #1057 ---
Things have been kinda back and forth for me lately.Im currently in the following trades:

Nzd/Usd-   +54.2

Eur/Gbp-   +179.5

Eur/Jpy-    +41.1

Aud/Jpy-   +59.8

Nzd/Jpy-   +70.5

Eur/Nzd-   +42.2

--- 帖子 #1058 ---
@ all

Everyone has private issues once in a while. Stupid car accident or a family incident with some impact. Even Grand Poopah Eelfranz is not seen anymore around here. Posting is not an obligation of any kind, let us remember. I have sent Britpip7 a request to come in here again. Thought it was the right thing to do.

move on. if you despair, move on desperately but move on

Caring, Jos

--- 帖子 #1059 ---
Hi Jos,

Very true, I'm finding just checking the website is a challenge, let alone posting a reply.

Cheers

Col

--- 帖子 #1060 ---
These are the four trades i took today

--- 帖子 #1061 ---
Hi Kingclarence, how did those trades of yours from the 8th go?

--- 帖子 #1062 ---
I only ended up with like two hundred pips or something cause i stayed in too long.Its all cool though im just learning.Gonna give demo trading another year before i go live.

--- 帖子 #1063 ---
@KINGCLARENCE,  How do you enter your trades? What are your criteria? What is your SL and TP?

--- 帖子 #1064 ---
These are things im def working on.Im new to forex and trying to learn just like everyone else trust me im no pro lol.Currently tinkering with a 100 pip stop loss but im getting ready to re evaluate the way i do my trades and the ones i enter.Im demo trading and in no rush to get good just find out what works.Probably be at least a year before i even consider using real money.

--- 帖子 #1065 ---
These are demo trades only

Current positions are;

EURAUD long on the 29th

USDCAD long today

GBPCHF long today

--- 帖子 #1066 ---
I exited the Usd/Cad and the Nzd/Usd trades.Losses on both but im up on the other two

--- 帖子 #1067 ---
AUDCAD has long signal but weekly chart looks iffy; ranging and maybe looking for a turnaround?

GBPCHF came close to first target but backed off

--- 帖子 #1068 ---
Lots of signals today, mainly around Usd and Eur pairs. Checked the calendar and it seems there was some significant news this morning (Australian time). Lets see what these moves do

short eur/usd, eur/jpy, eur/gbp. Few others but ran out of time this morning

long usd/chf

--- 帖子 #1069 ---
King C, can you tell me what broker you are using for your demo trades?  I'm a rookie and trying to learn as well. Thanx.

quote=kingclarence;6253963]These are things im def working on.Im new to forex and trying to learn just like everyone else trust me im no pro lol.Currently tinkering with a 100 pip stop loss but im getting ready to re evaluate the way i do my trades and the ones i enter.Im demo trading and in no rush to get good just find out what works.Probably be at least a year before i even consider using real money.[/quote]

--- 帖子 #1070 ---
[/quote]

I use FXCM

--- 帖子 #1071 ---
Well, I think a summary for the week is in order. All trades demo only

Closed trades are;

euraud open 29/11 @ 1.2438. Closed 4/12 and 6/12 @ 1.2492 & 1.2441. Small profits that had more than 25% taken as swap :o(

usdcad open 3/12 @ .9947, stopped on 6/12 @ .9897. Loss

Open trades

gbpchf 3/12 long @ 1.4900

usdcad 5/12 short @ .9915

eurusd 6/12 short @ 1.2960

usdchf 6/12 long @ .9936

eurjpy 6/12 short @ 108.56

eurgbp 6/12 short @ .8154

All are in profit to one degree or other.

--- 帖子 #1072 ---
Im currently in two trades

Eur/cad-Went short at 1.28532...+63 pips

Eur/Usd-Went short at 1.29667...+37 pips

--- 帖子 #1073 ---
Yeh, my eurusd is about the same. Missed the eurcad, although it looks real good on a weekly chart too. Stops atm aer a bit too big for me to try it now though

--- 帖子 #1074 ---
Not exactly the best week

gbpchf 3/12 long @ 1.4900 - 1st trade a win, 2nd stopped for a small win

usdcad 5/12 short @ .9915 - 1st trade a win, 2nd still active

eurusd 6/12 short @ 1.2960 - both stopped for a loss

usdchf 6/12 long @ .9936 - both stopped for a loss

eurjpy 6/12 short @ 108.56 - both stopped for a loss

eurgbp 6/12 short @ .8154 - still in

new open trades

xauusd 10/12 long @ 1712.6, in loss

eurusd 12/12 long @ 1.3074 in profit

usdchf 12/12 short @ .9262 in profit

eurcad 13/12 long @ 1.2700 in profit

--- 帖子 #1075 ---
Usd/Cad-Went long on 12/20/12....+37 pips

Nzd/Usd-Went short on 12/20/12....+160 pips

Aud/Jpy-Went short on 12/20/12....+37 pips

Nzd/Jpy-Went short on 12/20/12....+91 pips

My current trades

--- 帖子 #1076 ---
Greetings all

Been pre-occupied on other stuff but am getting back to trading again in the new year.

Implemented a few tweaks to the overall approach looking at overlaying Supply & Demand - main issue is keeping the charts clean, so very conscious of adding stuff that does not add value.

I have been running with a revision on the TP and SL settings but am still keeping with placing two trades at entry, only now TP1 = 1xATR7 and TP2 = 3xATR7.

Once TP1 is hit, move TP2 to BE and then manage the SL manually.  You also have the option of moving to the H4 to pick up on the Add-Ons as per the training charts.

SL for both trades is 1.5xATR7 OR the previous Fractal, which ever is the lowest value, so if 1.5xATR7 = 150pips and the nearest Fractal is 100pips away from the entry position, then set to a few pips above the Fractal if high, or a few pips lower than the Fractal if low.

I have been manually drawing these for a while now and have found an indicator that does the job well.

Here's the revised template and the new Supply / Demand indicator.

With the new indicator, watch for the PA as it enters a S/D zone - usually it'll lose momentum and then reverse - unless it blows through and breaks the zone!  As it exits a zone, look for an entry point.  Wait for the day candle to close before entering!

--- 帖子 #1077 ---
Britpip7,

I thought you are not going to use the TDI Watchdog.  And, you are going to use the RSI10 and ATR7 cross.  Am I right?

--- 帖子 #1078 ---
he TDI in this instance would have crossed as the PA moved down and broke the Fractal Low, however, as the candle pulled back, the TDI RSI would have moved with the retrace and any TDI cross that would have been indicated would no longer exist.

--- 帖子 #1079 ---
Hi Exiao,

You can add the RSI 10 to the TDI with "no color" and watch the value in the Data Window.

There is no cross of the RSI 10 and the ATR7.  Stronger entries are when the RSI is >50 for long entries and <50 for short entries.

--- 帖子 #1080 ---
Please post a chart so we can see what is being discussed

--- 帖子 #1081 ---
Well the progress for this week is as follows

closed trades

eurgbp 6/12 short @ .8154, 17/12 stopped out at a loss

xauusd 10/12 long @ 1712.6, 18/12 stopped out at a loss

eurusd 12/12 long @ 1.3074 . closed at profit 19/12 @ 1.3277 and 20/12 @1.4030

usdchf 12/12 short @ .9262.  closed at profit 18/12 @.9136 and 20/12 @.9117

eurcad 13/12 long @ 1.2700.  closed at profit 19/12 @ 1.3061 and 20/12 @1.3074

New trades

eurnzd 17/12 long @1.5593, S1 profit close 19/12 @ 1.5756, S2 in with stop @ 1.5722

audnzd 18/12 long @1.2509, S1 profit close 21/12 @ 1.2616, S2 in with stop @ 1.2399

gbpaud 18/12 long @ 1.5435 both in profit. S1 missed target by 13 pips

usdcad 19/12 long @ .9877, S1 profit close 19/12 @ .9946, S2 in with stop @ 0.9804

nzdusd 19/12 short @ .8362, S1 profit close 19/12 @ .8240, S2 in with stop @ 0.8482

I forgot to add a few updates from the initial week posted. Lets just say they're better forgotten, however overall the position is still looking good.

--- 帖子 #1082 ---
Template revised with RSI 10 as an overlay on TDI - watch the values in the data window

Check out Post # 1

--- 帖子 #1083 ---
Hi King,

Nice to see you hanging in there - looks like some nice trades

--- 帖子 #1084 ---
sometimes other things take over your life!

EelFranz was battling a serious health issue and could no longer post but his trading styles and beliefs live on through the various TMS threads

--- 帖子 #1085 ---
ATR1 tracks the current Bar - the idea here is that if the current move has a small body comparable to the ATR7, or has a low ATR value, then this is telling you that PA is losing its momentum - Always judge the strength if PA before entering.

--- 帖子 #1086 ---
Looking at this trade, I am wondering what your thought process was for entering.

The move that is in play has been running for many candles, so unless you have a Fractal High that was broken, I would not take it.

Best entries are after the APB colour change and the TDI cross.  enter after you have confirmation, - preferably during the first couple of candles after the TDI cross

--- 帖子 #1087 ---
Some thoughts on PA leaving Supply / Demand zones and matching these to TDI crosses.

--- 帖子 #1088 ---
Post # 1 updated with template and indicators and the full screenshot

Check out the attachments

--- 帖子 #1089 ---
Yeah i dont plan on quiting ever really.Gone keep going until i get it down.Forex is tough but if you can master being consistent its so many benefits.I probably demo trade for another year or so before i go live again

--- 帖子 #1090 ---
Thank Britpip, thanks for replying. There seems to be a significant delay in postings being made and when they appear on screen. Lots of comments here I've not seen before :o)

Could you point me to the pages which discuss the Supply / Demand indicator please. I've put it on a chart but don't understand how to use it.

Cheers all

--- 帖子 #1091 ---
Hi,

I haven't written anything about the indicator to date - there are a few threads on FF that concentrate on the approach and I'll include these as reference.

here's a quote from Trading Supply & Demand Zones

Sam Seiden (this is a commercial trader, so beware of subscriptions - I do not use his system, but I do credit him with this quote) wrote:

"Noted economist Adam Smith suggested hundreds of years ago that when supply exceeds demand at a price level, prices will decline and vice-versa. Noted physicist Isaac Newton suggested in his three laws of motion that an object will remain in motion until it is met with an equal or greater force. These two simple, yet brilliant principles have stood the test of time and are directly responsible for the movement of price in the markets we trade today. There is no doubt in my mind that the two of them would have made excellent traders."

The general definitions are:

Demand

A price at which someone is willing and able to buy something.

Demand = (Support) = where to buy.

Supply

The price at which someone is willing and able to sell something.

Supply = (Resistance) = where to sell.

Just like any market, the financial markets are a function of supply & demand and good trading opportunities present themselves when this equation is out of balance.

Think of Supply and Demand as the housing market.  When house prices have been running up for some time and reach a certain price point in a geographic area, the prices will often stick there and folks will not pay higher prices, so there is saturation in the housing market and eventually, prices naturally fall.  the supply is exhausted and it becomes a seller's market.  Conversely, when the bottom falls out of the housing market, prices will find a natural low point and it generates demand due to the low prices and it then becomes a buyer's market.

Basic rules are to look for trades entering a zone and wait for the PA to exit the Zone - These will usually coincide with a TDI cross, but this is just another confirmation tool and will help you spot Supply & Demand Zones that are not obvious on your screen without zooming out.  If the Supply / Demand Zone is strong, the end result will be a price reversal.  Weaker Zones will cause the price to stall before resuming its original trend.

Do not enter trades as the PA approaches a Zone - Wait for the bounce / reversal to be confirmed with TDI & PA.

This is a supplemental approach for what I am currently using - I was drawing these boxes anyway, so it is nice to have some software that will do the job reliably.

PhAnTi' has also written some ebooks on the subject - worth a read - chrome://newtabhttp//www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=352479

--- 帖子 #1092 ---
Possible set up on aud jpy as we head into the New Year.

--- 帖子 #1093 ---
Colour Settings for the Supply / Demand Zones in the II_SupDem indicator

--- 帖子 #1094 ---
EUR/AUD possible set up for reveral

TDI > 68 and above TDI Up Zone

PA approaching strong Support Zones

Waiting for APB to change colour and strong TDI cross

--- 帖子 #1095 ---
[quote=Britpip7;6322703]Hi,

I haven't written anything about the indicator to date - there are a few threads on FF that concentrate on the approach and I'll include these as reference.

here's a quote from Trading Supply & Demand Zones

Thanks Britpip, very interesting. Will add this to my charts.

Time for a weekly position check

eurnzd 17/12 long @1.5593,  S2 profit close 28/12 @ 1.6023; +430

audnzd 18/12 long @1.2509,  S2 profit close 28/12 @ 1.2635; +144

gbpaud 18/12 long @ 1.5435  S1 & S2 profit close 24/12 @ 1.5540; +210

usdcad 19/12 long @ .9877, S2 profit close 28/12 @ 0.9945; +68

nzdusd 19/12 short @ .8362, S2 profit close 28/12 @ 0.8221; +141

Whilst this is still a demo account, overall, the month was a profit despite the early bad trades. This is very pleasing and encouraging.

Happy new year to everyone. looking forward to a year of trading success

--- 帖子 #1096 ---
[quote=Buttonjock;6327271]
You the man lol

--- 帖子 #1097 ---
One for the watch list as next week unfolds after the holiday

TDI Day is currently at a level that produces a cross and 200+ pips retrace.  Still a lot of downward pressure, especially with today's candle retracing.

Week is approaching a Fractal Low which often acts as a demand zone

If TDI crosses I would look to a TP1 @ 50pips and move TP2 to BE when TP1 is hit.  The temptation would be to leave TP2 open and look for Add-Ons on the H4.

Patience is the key - I will not trade before Jan 2nd, regardless of what the Sunday and Monday candles get up to!!!

--- 帖子 #1098 ---
[quote=kingclarence;6327275]
King of the demo charts, lol

--- 帖子 #1099 ---
[quote=Buttonjock;6328273]
The key to demo charts is learning what worked and what didn't.

Go back and review the trades and understand what was happening in the run up to taking the trade and then what happened to to the trade after entry.

Did you follow your trading plan for the entries?

Did you stay in a losing position too long?

Did you exit a winning position too soon?

Some of my losing trades looked appalling when reviewed in the cold light of day!  It hurts even more when it is a live account :-(  However, that is the purpose of conducting a Lessons Learned review and don't forget, keep back testing, keep improving.

Here's to a wonderful 2013

--- 帖子 #1100 ---
Thoroughly agree Britpip, especially when it comes to what we would call the "What the!" factor; looking at the trade afterwards and thinking, why did I take that in the first place?

One question about the II_SupDem indicator. Your chart show the graphical representation with a coloured arrow up or down, mine shows a 'p' or a 'q'. Any idea why?

Tried doing screen capture but it doesn't seem to work so I've attached a chart.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #1101 ---
I got bored with that on the screen so I nuked it by shifting it off of the screen - use the settings in the screen shot

--- 帖子 #1102 ---
Watch List Charts - Charts showing APD colour change (bear in mind, these are in process candles on a Sunday) - wait for day candles to close before making entry decisions.  I have no plans to trade until Tues/Weds.

aud usd bouncing off of 200EMA

nzd usd - probably new demand zone being established

jpy pairs generally pausing - may resume previous trend with a break of a Fractal High

eur aud recent APD colour change with a move away from a Supply Zone

eur nzd start of TFDI cross and APD colour change  -  gbp nzd similar with a move away from Supply Zone

aud chf / nzd chf / gbp chf all with similar patterns

--- 帖子 #1103 ---
eur nzd - starting to look interesting with a Supply Zone now in place and PA heading south - TDI cross in place

very low volumes at the moment

--- 帖子 #1104 ---
Hi Britpip7,

Thanks for great forecast charts..

I like it very much...

I'm now in EURAUD short trade because TDI is crossing and doji happen at the turning point...

Hope it will turn and bring 1st profit to me on new year...Happy New Year to you as well..

--- 帖子 #1105 ---
Happy New Year to All

I am very optimistic for 2013 and am looking forward to kicking the week off with a couple of the trades from the Watch List.

Please post charts and comments and help to spread the knowledge and experiences.

--- 帖子 #1106 ---
AUD pairs strong through the night - the moves started at the beginning of the new Day Candle , so 4pm PDT.

AUD CHF was my only entry.

Entry was off of the Fractal High break which confirmed the TDI cross from a couple of days earlier as well as the APD colour change to white.  Additional confirmation with the move away from the Demand Zone.

ATR 7 for TP1 was 50pips which was triggered.  TP2 has been moved to BE (I did have it set up as a 50 pip Trailing Stop initially to match the ATR 7 and TP1 setting)

Now moving to H4 chart to monitor TP2 and look for Add-Ons.

Great way to start the New Year :-)

--- 帖子 #1107 ---
Here's the H4 chart watching for Add-Ons.  Still running with a TS of 50pips.

Nice part about this stage of a trade is that TP1 has triggered and at this point TP2 has 50pips locked.

Only really need to check in on each new H4 candle to see if a Fractal is setting up - 4am - ish (depending on the alarm) / 8am / 12noon / 4pm (new day candle) / 8pm (I'll be sleeping at midnight!).

--- 帖子 #1108 ---
hi,

I had Euraud at sell with TP1 hit (109 pips) and trailing at 60pips with more than 70 locked in.

And audchf at buy with TP1 hit (83 pips) and trailing also at 50pips with more than 60 locked in.

Definitely a good start.

--- 帖子 #1109 ---
Nice pick on the euraud and audchf

--- 帖子 #1110 ---
Very nice results - lots of great set-ups yesterday

--- 帖子 #1111 ---
Now watching the H4 chart - new candle started at 4pm PDT (30 mins ago).

Fractal High has been set, although if the current candle goes higher, the Fractal will disappear.

Currently we have good trends on the RSI 10 across the higher time frames.

The 200ema may come into play as resistance level on the H4, although the Day chart is clear sailing for 8- pips until it hits both the 100 and 200EMA level.  The next major Support Zone is 160pips away.

I have a pending order in place for the Add-On based on a break of the current Fractal High - Day ATR 7 for the previous candle was 63 pips, so that will be the SL for the Add-On.

Once the Add-On is triggered and moves into profit, I will look to run the SL settings off of the H4 Fractal Lows as they are set (none in place as yet), OR, will take the bottom of the previous but one H4 APB.

--- 帖子 #1112 ---
Watch List = Day Charts

EU = currently stuck in a range and looking more likely to head south away from the Supply Zone - waiting to the Day Fractal Lows to be broken.  RSI 10 slowly moving lower

JPY pairs stalling again - some are running into Supply Zones such as usd and cad - TDI has been hovering around the 68 level for over 6 weeks on the current trend run - lots of entry points during this time as TDI drops and then bounces / re-crosses

USD CHF may just be a reverse pattern of the EU, still worth watching for a break of the Fractal Highs and move north from the Demand Zone

aud and nzd pairs continue their recent activities - watch for re-entry opportunities and H4 Add-Ons.

--- 帖子 #1113 ---
Hi Britpip7,

Thanks for the heads up. Will definitly analyse this further and post any entry made. Win or lose

--- 帖子 #1114 ---
This is the EURAUD trade that i closed yesterday...

Today drop even more...

But is enough for me...

--- 帖子 #1115 ---
Took these 2 trades today:

Reasons:

1. Cross of TDI

2. RSI overbought heading down

3. Reversal candle signs

4. Top of Channel

5. Semaphore

6. Good currency strength ratio

Hope it goes well!!!

--- 帖子 #1116 ---
45drive45, what's  semaphore? is it related to fractals?

If I have my news posts correct, today is NFP

--- 帖子 #1117 ---
NFP is tomorrow - traditionally a risky play on the US based crosses.

If you are in trades, manage your SL settings accordingly.

I will evaluate my open trades tonight after the 8pm PDT candle opens.  I will not place any pending trades tonight - I do not trade the NFP news event, so I will sit back, watch the carnage and pick up on the entry signals next week.

Stick to your trading plans and protect your pips.

--- 帖子 #1118 ---
Hi,

You are absolutely correct!

--- 帖子 #1119 ---
Closed out my open positions on aud chf to end the week on +213pips from this one trade.

NFP tomorrow and the the 8pm PDT candle was not showing any signs of resuming the trend, so off to bed with no trades open.

The trade had reversed by 40pips, so that meant giving up a total of 80pips, which is fine considering that I was running Trailing Stops at 50pips originally.

I will run another Watch List over the weekend after the mayhem has subsided from NFP.  Should be interesting to see whether the eur or the usd wins the category for who has the worst outlook - the talking heads are raising their forecasts for the NFP and they are never wrong - which is why I tend to ignore the news and watch the Price Action.

Happy pip hunting folks.

--- 帖子 #1120 ---
Happy weekend and looking forward to your watchlist!

--- 帖子 #1121 ---
Hey britpip, i download your template but it seems that it is different. can you please let me know which page to get the updated template?

Thanks in advance!

--- 帖子 #1122 ---
marcoxq,

Post #1 should have everything you need - I have updated template and screen shot to match my current charts.

--- 帖子 #1123 ---
Watch List from close of play Friday.

NFP has had an impact on the charts, but the JPY pairs continue on their merry way.

For any pair that is already trending, try dropping down to the H4 charts to find re-entry possibilities, especially where a new Demand Zone has been established.  Look for entries where PA is leaving the Deamnd Zone - these will usually be confirmed by a TDI recrossing even though it may already be above 68.

EU - Possible resumption of the move south but this will need a move of 90pips + before the previous day low is broken - caution as this heading to a Demand Zone once it clears the 200EMA

GU looks more promising with the Friday doji / spinning top

CHF JPY - Fractal High established - possible pending trade for a fractal break on Day or H4

USD JPY - approaching a Supply Zone - watch for developments during the week

EUR AUD - nice set up for a short re-entry - looks to have stalled on the 200EMA

GBP AUD - has hit a Demand Zone - watching to see if we get a candle reversing off of the zone

AUD CHF - nice set up for a long re-entry - looks to have stalled on the 200EMA

Trading multiple pairs:

This has to be done in accordance with your money / risk management plan otherwise you will blow up your account.   Generally I will trade one pair initially and when that has moved into profit and TP1 is triggered, then I will look for additional pairs.  Base your trading decisions on probability and risk and only take the A+ set-ups.

Happy pip hunting

--- 帖子 #1124 ---
Hi Britpip7,

What are your rules for re-entry after stalling? Dropping to h4 and looking for recross?? Do you go down to lower to than h4?

How about pairs already trending strongly without stalling. Do you just ignore them until pa shows stalling?

--- 帖子 #1125 ---
A good example of re-entries on a current trend would be the jpy pairs at present - using the eur/jpy as an example and staying on the day chart would give you 3 clear entries off of Fractal High Breaks.  A really good Re-entry is after PA blows through a new Demand Zone as it did on 12/24 - 12/26 plus it also broke a Fractal High.

Once you have a strong trend as with the eur/jpy - it has been on a run for 20 weeks with a couple of pauses, the RSI will sit way above 51 on the day and then the entries are fairly straightforward.  The week chart shows a strong Demand Zone with the candle exiting and heading north - this coincides with the original day entry point.  This also is a good demonstration of verifying the higher time frames - if the week is on a trend run, then you are only looking for long entries on H4.

The H4 chart makes for much more activity, and again you can use the Fractal High breaks as your entry or as in the Day chart example, as new Demand Zones are established following a pause, enter as the PA heads north again.  There will be more entry opportunities here and a chance to scale into the positions as opposed to most folks taking a larger risk and then scaling out - personal preference!.

For SL on the H4 use the most recent H4 Fractal Low and then follow the trend.

One thing to note here is as you run with the H4 chart for the re-entries, there is more possibility of being stopped out than the day charts, so use the H4 Fractal Low SL settings with caution and allow the trade some breathing room.  This is a great way of stacking up the pips on a strong trend run.

--- 帖子 #1126 ---
Hi,

Thanks for this example. Really helpful.

--- 帖子 #1127 ---
Glad it helped.

I never enter a trend trade unless I get a day or H4 entry signal, so that applies to existing trends especially:

- Supply / Demand Zone - candle leaving / closing away from the zone

- MA3/5 cross

- Fractal High / Low break

- TDI cross

- APB colour change

--- 帖子 #1128 ---
Britpip7, thank you for great guidance.

your watch list is extremely helpful.

It helps me to fine tune my own rudimentry analysis, reinforces some shaky ideas and eliminates some costly mistakes.

--- 帖子 #1129 ---
You are most welcome.

This is how I trade so I need to have a very methodical approach - do the same things that work, make them systemic.  Learn from your mistakes, twea the approach where necessary

--- 帖子 #1130 ---
Just in case BOJ decides to stop weakening the Yen, here's a chart worth watching.

This is the most pronounced TDI Divergence of all the JPY pairs.

All good trends must come to an end eventually - that's how we make pips.

Watch for PA heading south and leaving the Supply Zone.

--- 帖子 #1131 ---
This is the exact pair that I am also looking at now......

Let's see what happens next!

--- 帖子 #1132 ---
Also looking good on H4 once it figures out the Supply / Demand Zone

--- 帖子 #1133 ---
This may be premature, however the eurcad is looking interesting. Potential long with PA reversal near the bottom of a channel, bouncing off both the 55 and 200 EMA.

Euraud looks ready to reverse and go long for similar reasons. Correlation between the action of Oz and Loony may also be a supporting factor.

Thinking the audchf and gbchf are setting up for a short, again with similar indications from PA channels and MAs

Just realised that my II Supdem is set to not display weak zones. Is this correct?

Cheers all

--- 帖子 #1134 ---
Looks like that was the default setting, so feel free to experiment and see what the different settings give you.  The Weak Zones will probably overload the chart.

--- 帖子 #1135 ---
Looking at the Watch List from the weekend - Comments in blue

EU - Possible resumption of the move south but this will need a move of 90pips + before the previous day low is broken - caution as this heading to a Demand Zone once it clears the 200EMA  -  fresh cross with a colour change on APB - move north from 200EMA - Supply Zone is 100pips away

GU looks more promising with the Friday doji / spinning top  -  [COLOR="rgb(65, 105, 225)"]price moving away from 100EMA PA moving north from the Friday doji - No Supply Zones currently in play [/color]

CHF JPY - Fractal High established - possible pending trade for a fractal break on Day or H4 - [COLOR="rgb(65, 105, 225)"]Supply Zone was on the chart but its high was cancelled out - essentially the zone is still there, so still looking for a move south[/color]

USD JPY - approaching a Supply Zone - watch for developments during the week  [COLOR="rgb(65, 105, 225)"]- Lots of noise coming out of Japan regarding the general weakening of the Yen - possible play for a short below the previous day low - TDI cross setting up. [/color]

EUR AUD - nice set up for a short re-entry - looks to have stalled on the 200EMA [COLOR="rgb(65, 105, 225)"]- Probably my favourite pattern with the candle reversal pattern and a bounce off of the 100/200EMA[/color]

GBP AUD - has hit a Demand Zone - watching to see if we get a candle reversing off of the zone [COLOR="rgb(65, 105, 225)"]- Nice reversal pattern with a good run back up to the Supply Zone - of 250pips[/color]

AUD CHF - nice set up for a long re-entry - looks to have stalled on the 200EMA [COLOR="rgb(65, 105, 225)"]- Opposite story to EUR/AUD - reversal south[/color]

[COLOR="rgb(65, 105, 225)"]Happy Pip Hunting[/color]

--- 帖子 #1136 ---
Hi,Been a quiet week so far. So cracking up the simulator for practice!

--- 帖子 #1137 ---
The jpy pairs all seem to be showing the the final stages of the upward part of an Elliott Wave. Quite tempting to jump in. The waiting game for confirmation can be so frustrating, lol.

Took a short on the gbpchf. Whilst the moves are not overly large the signals appear reasonably reliable for the last six months.

--- 帖子 #1138 ---
I took a Eur/Jpy trade on the 4th just to see what would happen.After been down a few days it finally looks to be headed in the right direction

--- 帖子 #1139 ---
This patience thing can be painful.

I jumped in early on EUR/AUD as last nights APB was changing from red to white - candle strength was looking good and then the PA stalled after triggering my pending trade by 1pip and then reversed 70pips, APB is now a nice red candle!

DO NOT be tempted - WAIT for a day candle to close with the new colour before looking for entry points.

I'll post the outcome later this week so you all can see the damage

--- 帖子 #1140 ---
Yes that pair keeps 'hinting' thats its about to turn the corner and then keeps blasting through. The Yen pairs are being just as fickle.

I am having a hard time not trading!!!!

--- 帖子 #1141 ---
Hello guys,

I apologize for the stupid question, but I downloaded the system and  see the APB rule about changing color, but the problem is that I don't know what is the APB and where to look for it on the template. Any help is welcome!

Thanks in advance.

--- 帖子 #1142 ---
How's that trade going King?

Looking at the jpy pairs today, none of them has made a significant new low, except the gbp which looks like a pennant. They all seem to be forming triangles. Maybe we have a pause before a continuation? Then there's the Elliott wave reversal. Right now they're too risky for me. Any thoughts?

--- 帖子 #1143 ---
It's been said more than once, but I'm very glad you started this thread. This is the first time I've used a forum like this and it's very comforting to have the support of everyone

--- 帖子 #1144 ---
Let Me GOOGLE that for You

Average Price Bar

Check out all (for educational purpose) videos by Dean Malone at

http://www.compassfx.com/

--- 帖子 #1145 ---
Hi - please read Post #1 of this thread - in that post, there are links to related posts on APD / Heikin Ashi / Candlesticks

--- 帖子 #1146 ---
Do as I say, not as I do!!!

OK - time to fess up to a bad entry on the day for EUR/AUD.  There are some really good learning points here, so if you follow Rule #1, should keep you out of a bunch of bad entries.  Wait for Day Candle to close and for APB colour change to have been completed.  This means DO NOT enter if you have a series of APBs that are red and the the current day is white.  Wait for the current day to close white.  As PA moves, the colour of the APB will change, so what often looks like a colour change APB, turns into a colour continuation - ask me how I know this.

Rule #2 - If the PA is hovering around the 200EMA, and especially if the 100EMA and 200EMA are running together horizontally and PA is not moving, that is a DO NOT enter signal, as if I haven't known that for an eternity!  This is your signal to go fishing, watch a movie, etc.  If this was ever a pending trade, then it should only have been a sell stop, but seriously, it is still a crap shoot.

At the time of setting the buy stops, TDI was crossing on the Day and had already done so on H4 - Rule #3, wait for day to close and TDI to confirm the cross.

All comments are welcome - on reflection you are never sure why it went wrong - maybe having the week and day red was a clue.

--- 帖子 #1147 ---
Mistakes give you a major kick in the butt that your rules are there for a reason. We've all been down that road, and it never ends well.

Wishing you the best for 2013.

--- 帖子 #1148 ---
I must admit that sometimes we break our own rules. Maybe because we had some success breaking them in the past and thought to ourselves..yea...thats a minor rule. Until it kicks us in the butt!

And of course, there are times when you follow the rules perfectly and still we get kicked in the butt and we wonder why.

In many threads, we see almost the same rules.

1. Buy if abv XX MA or Sell if below x MA

2. Dont trade if you see a MA soup etc etc

All this are really fine advice.

But when we look at the charts....u see great opportunities that are against these rules...so what do we do? Especially for day charts...if you really follow the rules..you end up not trading for 2-3 weeks.

SO, my question is...do you really follow the rule not to Buy when price below a MA, for example a 50MA or 35MA or 100MA??

I think its a SAFE method but ultimately..it limits the frequency of trades.

Just ranting some of the self-argument I have with myself from time to time.

But I think I am learning to just say "NO".

--- 帖子 #1149 ---
Anyone took the GY Short 2 candles back???

This is an example of a bad trade I took.

For some reason...just seeing such a trend..you think, it gotta reverse soon.

And then u see the red candle close

And the TDI cross down

And you SELL the sucker!

The rest is obvious of what happened next!

For some reason, i did not like losing this trade and so I initiated a recovery trade(which is also something againts my usual rules).

At least for now, I have halfed my losses from this bad entry.

But, frankly, this is just more PAIN!

It would have been better to close the trade earlier when it was pretty clear that the trade was a bad one.

--- 帖子 #1150 ---
Really bad move on my part lol.I knew that i shouldnt have taken that trade in the first place though.Just an experiment really and im on demo so its cool.I still kinda thing that the jpy pairs are gonna make some kinda big move south but we will see.

--- 帖子 #1151 ---
[quote=Britpip7;6352480]Do as I say, not as I do!!!

OK - time to fess up to a bad entry on the day for EUR/AUD.  There are some really good learning points here, so if you follow Rule #1, should keep you out of a bunch of bad entries.  Wait for Day Candle to close and for APB colour change to have been completed.  This means DO NOT enter if you have a series of APBs that are red and the the current day is white.  Wait for the current day to close white.  As PA moves, the colour of the APB will change, so what often looks like a colour change APB, turns into a colour continuation - ask me how I know this.

Like, we haven't all done this before.

On the plus side, a reasonable looking long trade is presenting itself.

--- 帖子 #1152 ---
Hard not to jump in when there's so much movement. Personally I get those feelings that say "I'm missing out!", so I get in and ... the rest is history

--- 帖子 #1153 ---
Looks like the breakouts are ruling. Oh, to have had a pending long on the highs, 'sigh'.

--- 帖子 #1154 ---
Gbpchf short from the 8th closed S1 for +52

Long today on the euraud but with an ATR7 x2 stop to put it under the previous low. S2 is at high of 27/12 as this may be a double top from 10/8.

Possible set ups for Monday would be a short on the audchf and maybe a long on the eurnzd. This one does have EMA issues but it appears to be ranging.

By the way, just ot avoid any confusion, being English/Australian my dates are day/month

--- 帖子 #1155 ---
Absolutely - thanks for stopping by and hope your 2013 is going to plam

--- 帖子 #1156 ---
fortunately the reverse orders I put in manage to dig me out of that shit!Hopefully no next time!

--- 帖子 #1157 ---
Hi, Thanks so much for your forensic analysis. As a retired academic surgeon accustomed to hosting a weekly Morbidity & Mortality conference I know that it is not easy to expose ones mistakes. On the other hand this is one of the most important learning tools for any professional. Keep helping us to learn!!!

--- 帖子 #1158 ---
This is why we do this

EUR/AUD which kicked my butt this week following my weee oopsie!

PA moved away from the horizontal 100/200EMA and gave a really strong day candle with an APB colour change to white.

ATR 7 = 100pips

TP1 closed manually at 80 pips at 5:30am PDT - just because I was there and it was a Friday - never too sure how much profit taking you will see before the markets close.

TP2 is currently running with a 70 pip trailing stop and is 2 APB's back on the H4 which is a good place to be going into the weekend.  H4 possible set up for and Add-On.  Watch for a Fractal High being set on H4.

Now that I have a zero risk trade, this is when I look for other pairs to trade - I am not a fan of trading multiple in a live account - looks great in a demo, but if the market goes against in a live account, there will be tears.

Manage you account, know your risk exposure, preserve your pips.

--- 帖子 #1159 ---
Time for this week's watch list.

JPY pairs are still strong, so looking fro entries off of Fractal Highs and Day Highs - just be aware that we are in a seriously overbought zone with the TDI Mid Zone above 68 on all of the JPY pairs - everything depends on how long BOJ plans to weaken the Yen.

EUR pairs - huge moves Thursday / Friday

EU currently closed inside the Supply Zone, and above the recent Day and Week Fractal Highs.  1.3485 is the next major zone and after that, clear sailing up to 1.4500.  Watching for the Supply Zone to rule here and reject the PA, so watch for a candle laving the zone heading south.

GU - PA stalled after Thursday, but TDI direction is still good.  I have a pending trade set up - if this is not hit Sunday / Monday, I will cancel it.  Lots of resistance up at the 1.6300 area if this breaks north.

AU / NU similar to EU

EUR AUD - I am already in this one, so I will post updates as this develops / closes

EUR NZD - the only way of catching this move from the Day charts was to trade off of the APB colour change, especially as it was moving away from the Demand Zone.  TDI did not confirm this at the time.

GBP AUD - nice set up here for a long entry off of the APB colour change and very nice candle reversal - possible 300pips

GBP NZD very similat to GBP AUD

AUD CHF and NZD CHF - lots of swing action - PA moved south off of the Supply Zone and broke the Fractal Low - may be too late for this one to enter.

--- 帖子 #1160 ---
Was away at a Nightwish concert on the weekend (plug for the symphonic metal fans) and just checked last weeks trades . Gbpchf short closed for +58 and +135, Euraud S1 short for +96. Very pleasing

--- 帖子 #1161 ---
Nicely done    - post some charts so we can see entry / exit points

--- 帖子 #1162 ---
Righto, here we are

--- 帖子 #1163 ---
Ewps, not quite as clear as I was hoping.

The selected yellow lines represent the trades. Two shorts on gbpchf and one long on euraud with one trade still active. The line is offset to either side as the candle was hiding it completely

--- 帖子 #1164 ---
Hi,

Did you take the signal from just the TDI cross and APB or did you also consider the Histo?

--- 帖子 #1165 ---
I'm using ordinary candlesticks at the moment, so it was primarily a TMS cross and price closing below the 5 EMA.

The ATR and RSI weren't very good, however the downward trend was supported by the consistency of the channel since July, the previous high being a lower high, a supply/demand zone, a fractal and having the 55 and 200 EMA's close together and acting as resistance.

There was support from a potential double bottom in October and the end of November, however the previous low had broken it, reaching a similar low to June 2011.

Whilst it didn't necessarily tick all the right boxes for a TMS trade, there was sufficient supporting evidence to make it viable.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1166 ---
That was for the gbpchf. The euraud was similar, however I've run out of time at the moment. Apologies.

--- 帖子 #1167 ---
Looking at the retracement on the gbpchf, I think I was fortunate to get what I got

--- 帖子 #1168 ---
You can always pull the trades up from the Account history - just click on the trade and drag it onto the chart.

--- 帖子 #1169 ---
Inside bar setting up on AUD/USD and NZD/USD

JPY pairs setting up for retrace - possible pause before resuming or is this the reversal?  Check out the previous patterns for this set-up.

CHF/JPY had an APB colour change and close, as well as TFI - this has faked out before, so caution.

GBP/CHF has a TDI cross - Day candle is currently reversing.

Nothing that I want to trade tonight.

--- 帖子 #1170 ---
Cheers, never knew that

--- 帖子 #1171 ---
What do we think of gbpaud as a short continuation entry? TMS cross ATR1 @ 75%+ RSI10 in the basement digging deeper. support from November is being broken and there's little to stop it for 300+ pips.

Apologies, run out of time fpr posting a chart

--- 帖子 #1172 ---
Does not Look to good to me based on my charts. Monthly S2 is just below and was not broken. TDI close to 32 and rather flat. Lower TF RSI's all pointing Upwards.

--- 帖子 #1173 ---
Everything was fine until the aud news broke on inflation and unemployment - the Aussie equivalent of NFP?

I rarely watch the news and there are set events that I'll avoid trading / entering before, such as NFP and FOMC announcements in the US.

--- 帖子 #1174 ---
Ouch. Yea news can be a bitch sometimes. But i did not see a good signal for the short entry anyway.

--- 帖子 #1175 ---
I can agree that if the Fractal Low was broken with a candle closing below and holding the PA on the next candle - TDI had retraced and then re-crossed and this will always happen near the 32 for the larger trend runs and Add-On possibilities.  On these types of entries, you will often see them just break a strong level of resistance and then not hold and reverse,

--- 帖子 #1176 ---
Looks like the JPY pull back is just a pause - will the trend continue?

This was a 380 pip pull back, so watch the PA, TDI and the Fractals on day and H4

--- 帖子 #1177 ---
Price has not managed to close below the Monthly R1 so far amd narrowing of teh TDI bands signal some consolidation in progress..

Looking ripe for a bounce...

--- 帖子 #1178 ---
TDI / PA Divergence on some of the JPY pairs so caution on day chart entries - possibly drop down to H4 and look for possibilities.

I would suggest waiting for a clear Fractal Break aor a reversal off of any Supply Zones in play

--- 帖子 #1179 ---
GBP/AUD

I still would not rule this out for a run south.  I am waiting for a candle close below the Fractal Low.  TDI well into the 32 zone, so this is a good time to review this pair's history - what does PA generally do when TDI hit 32?  In many cases there is a pause / retrace and then you will see another continuation which can be several hundred pips.  There are also the cases where there is a reversal which holds.

The biggest risk here is a spike lower, breaking the fractal low which ten reverses and becomes a pin bar which triggers your pending short sell stop.

Let the PA confirm this one - TDI is only telling you that it is oversold but there can still be further moves south.

--- 帖子 #1180 ---
My new 4H TF started at 11:00a.m. us/ct - shorted the $/Cad @.9852.  I don't like particularly this 4 hr segment as volitility drops off but the setup looked good and I'm in - like a marriage, for better or worse.

--- 帖子 #1181 ---
Good luck

Lots of pending resistance coming in the next 25 pips or so

--- 帖子 #1182 ---
Yes, fractal dots all over the place but the entry seems clear cut even if profit is small.  And right now price just sits, no liquidity.

--- 帖子 #1183 ---
Looking at a comparison with the eurgbp and the gbpusd, the Pound looks very weak. Given the Oz is relatively strong that could also indicate a possible southward move?

--- 帖子 #1184 ---
EUR/GBP did have a great move off of the Demand Zone and away from 100/200EMA.  Now nearing a Supply Zone.

GBP/USD is hovering on the 200EMA which looks to be offering support, so this may stall a move.  Waiting for a candle to break and close below the 200EMA on this one.

Relatively quiet week on the day charts with many pairs ranging.

--- 帖子 #1185 ---
the ongoing saga of GPB AUD

Support held, so time to sit back and wait for a close above / below the two horiz lines

--- 帖子 #1186 ---
I tightened my SL and eventually took a small loss.  I know that in Big E's original thread, Trading Made Easy, he cautioned about the TDI hooking or curving in the opposite direction and uses that to get out.  Not sure how to apply that to 4H & D but it may be worth paying attention to it.  piprac

--- 帖子 #1187 ---
This pair is in a 60pip range on H4 - not the easiest trading scenario - probably a good exit!

--- 帖子 #1188 ---
Just entered short the E/$ @ 1.32210 with a short TP @1.32700 on the 4H.  It is against trend on 4H and D but I am thinking this could pullback to S. and then possibly reverse again to go with the trend. I have a very small exposure with this trade. I will monitor it hourly as it is Friday!

--- 帖子 #1189 ---
Not much of note happening for the week, either trends stalling and waiting for news, or pairs stuck in channels.

I have a couple of pending trades from Thursday so time will tell.  No new entries planned

EU is sitting in a 160pip channel, looking for the breakout to occur higher - trend is still up with the day and H4 TDI mid zone above 50.

GU has broken lower away from the 200EMA, watching this to bounce north off of the Demand Zone.

AU broke the Fractal Low - possible pending sell stop

GBP/AUD finally mabe its mind to head south and break and close below the Fractal Low.  Now watching this on H4 for the next pause / fractal low.

GBP/CHF had a huge Friday candle which changed the APB colour.  Trend is lower on the day chart.

EUR/CAD still moving higher - Fractal High broken, trend continuing.

--- 帖子 #1190 ---
Took a short today on the usdchf. Got a TMS cross, APB colour change, 5 ema cross, ATR @75%+. RSI isn't quite playing ball but is heading down. Currency strength also has usd weaker than chf

--- 帖子 #1191 ---
Britpip - at one time and possibly in this thread's predecessor you mentioned that because your broker rolled the day over at around 3 or 4 pm (can't remember which) you would sometimes set a stop order for entry as the Asian market was not the best for entries.  Do you have a formula, ie X times ATR or a % of ATR, or some other method to determine how far you want the price to go before you entry is hit?  I suppose it is more art than science but I would like to hear your comments.  thanks for the great thread, p.

--- 帖子 #1192 ---
Hi

I've been reading thro this thread but I am struggling with your up todate strategy. I have read post 1081 but the strategy is not clear. I would appreciate if somebody could explain or point me to a post.

Thanks

WFX

--- 帖子 #1193 ---
If you go down to the 4H charts..u will see untested Supply zones just above. And everything is really flattening out there.

On the 1D charts you see also a supply zone about 80 pips above. When u see a supply zone close(<100 pips)  like this, it is wise to go down TF because lower TF supply zones always appear at level below that.

And we are pretty much on a downtrend since August so odds of breaking through the zones decreases.

Anyway, that's my analysis. I see this pair continuing its drop.

There are major demand zones 200 pips below.

--- 帖子 #1194 ---
Hi piprac.

Not really a magic formulae, mostly based off of Fractals.

My new Day starts at 4pm PDT and I only get to review the charts at 8pm.  If there is a colour change on APB, then I'll look and see where the last Fractal was set - If I like the set up, I'll use the ATR 7 value and set my buy / sell stop about 10% of the ATR 7 value above / below the Fractal.

For example. if the set up is short and the ATR 7 is 100pips, I will set the sell stop 10 pips below the Fractal Low value.

--- 帖子 #1195 ---
I had not looked at eur/chf for weeks, so this was a fortunate hit on the day chart.

Following all of the Euro Zone news over the past 2 weeks, the SNB finally allowed the Euro to run.  Following a huge candle on the 18th, RSI crossed and was followed by an APB colour change.

TP1 has been hit at 80pips

TP2 is still open and now watching the H4 for Add-On opportunities off of the Fractal Lows / TDI crosses.

--- 帖子 #1196 ---
It's the waiting for the move that is the frustrating part, lol

--- 帖子 #1197 ---
Hey britpip what pairs do you watch?

--- 帖子 #1198 ---
I actually do run through every pair as I run my day chart analysis - usually does not take longer than 20 mins, unless I am checking current PA for a pending trade.

In order - all the USD pairs, followed by all JPY pairs.

AUD and NZD are next on the list and then a final sweep to catch the CHF.

No really exotics, such as Denmark, etc.

Typically I'll place a max of 5 trades a week - most of them do not trigger.

My template screens displaying 8 or 10 charts at once mostly follows Big E's set up and Rick's set up from Pro Trader Network.

This week saw my first trade on EUR/CHF and was a pure chance look after another rare look at EUR/GBP

I have never traded USD/CAD successfully, so don't usually spend much time on it.

Favourites are the 3 Amigos, then EUR/JPY followed by a combination of EUR/AUD EUR/NZD.  The AUD and NZD pairs have some great moves but watch for spreads, especially on AUD/NZD

--- 帖子 #1199 ---
Hi WFX,

Seeing as this is a combination of several entry criteria, which part is not clear?  Please post a chart with questions and don't forget Post #1

--- 帖子 #1200 ---
GBP/AUD looks interesting for a reversal.  Possible entry off of the H4 Fractal High.  ATR7 = 91 pips.  SL is around 180pips off of the entry point to cover the swing low.

Good Points

APB colour change to white - this is a "textbook" colour change APB.

ATR1 was larger than ATR7.

MA3/5 cross confirming PA move

TDI cross from below the 32 - Nice angle on the cross.

270pips to go before the 200EMA comes into play.

Not So Good Points

No Demand Zone in play.

Similar pattern on 1/11/2013 failed.

Very strong down trend on the Day and the Week charts.

--- 帖子 #1201 ---
Did you take this trade?

--- 帖子 #1202 ---
No - I was already on aud/usd and this hasn't closed TP1 yet and I did not want two exposures on the same currency.

Apart from that I would have taken it and it would be +25pips at the moment, so not a huge move right now.  This was a pending trade that was set on Monday for a Fractal Low Break.

--- 帖子 #1203 ---
Regarding the indicator II_SupDem and the way that it displays the Support and Demand Zones.

When a candle breaks through and closes above a Supply Zone / below a Demand Zone, as the Zone has been broken, it will no longer display.

Watch the EUR/GBP as this is one very likely to no longer be showing next week, so long as the candle breaks though and closes above the Zone.

Can't wait for this one to finally stall / reverse.

--- 帖子 #1204 ---
Well, the GBP/AUD did confirm the move and broke away with some great PA following the "Textbook" APB signal.  File this one away as reference.  TP1 = ATR7 = 91pips.  With Friday trading, this is something that you can make a decision on as to whether to leave the TP as set or to take the profit off the table early and set TP2 to BE.  See H4 and Day charts attached.

With the exception of AUD/NZD and AUD/CAD - two of my least favourite pairs, the AUD pairings have moved well - between 60 an 100+pips.

My current trade on AUD/USD has now closed out the TP1 @ +50pips and TP2 is running with a 51pip TS which means I have 20pips locked in on TP2.  This also means that I can now go for a new entry possibility and that I have 150pips locked in for the week.

No new trades until next week, wait for the day candles to close before making entry decisions.

--- 帖子 #1205 ---
Hi

I am not clear on your TP1 and TP2 strategy. I would appreciate it if  you could elaborate a bit?

Thanks

WFX

--- 帖子 #1206 ---
WFX,

TP1 / TP2 strategy initially uses the Day ATR 7 to establish TP1 and SL for the entry, so if you have an APB colour change, then take the ATR 7 value for that candle and if it is 90 pips, that is your TP1 setting.  I still use 2XATR 7 or the swing high/low for the SL.

TP2 - two options.

Option 1 - set and forget - set TP2 to 3XATR 7, so if ATR 7 on the set up candle is 90pips, TP2 - 270pips.  Once TP1 is hit move SL for TP2 to BE or run a TS.

Option 2 - manually manage.  Once TP1 is hit move SL for TP2 to BE and then switch to H4 and look for Add-Ons using the H4 Fractals as the entry points together with fresh TDI crosses / bounces.

Lots of training charts posted on this.

--- 帖子 #1207 ---
Ah, thanks I didn't have the ATR set correct.

Thanks very much for your help.

Cheers

Tim

PS - best thread currently on FF

--- 帖子 #1208 ---
O ok cool i actually did take that trade : )............I also decided im gonna start watching less pairs

--- 帖子 #1209 ---
Thanks Tim - the prime objective was to address the higher timeframes and reduce the stress levels whilst still farming the pips.

I tried the 5 min / 15 min routine and got blown out too many times - Eelfranz (Big E)  confirmed what I had thought, and hence the switch.

--- 帖子 #1210 ---
Good move King - I tried cutting down the pairs and got frustrated by the reduced number of entry signals

I spend 30 mins each evening checking out the options and then run the pending trades if the signals are good.  Prob an hour each evening max.  Not so bad if you drag in a couple of hundred pips a week

--- 帖子 #1211 ---
Fractal Breaks versus TDI Crosses

Time for another good old fashioned hindsight training chart - with a point!

Fractal Breaks can be used very effectively as Add-On entry points, however, using them in conjunction with the TDI Crosses can often keep you out of a losing trade.

Depending on how you manage your entries with your Add-On stop loss settings, a bad entry can stop you out very easily.

EUR JPY is a good example and shows several Day Chart Fractal High Breaks.  Check out the strength / non existence of a TDI Cross with these breaks.  The weaker the TDI Cross, the more risk of a Draw Down and a busted trade as your stop loss is hit and then the trade continues its trend - very frustrating and to a point avoidable.

Only two options with the Day Charts:

Option 1 - set your SL at 2XATR 7 from the Fractal High candle

Option 2 - wait for a strong TDI Cross to coincide with a Fractal High Break - do not jump the gun and enter early (ask me how I know this)

--- 帖子 #1212 ---
Now that the II_SupDem has deleted the Supply Zone, does not mean that it is still not an applicable area of concern (it is just the way the software works for this indicator) - just manually insert it and watch for PA to either continue the trend on H4 which will generate a Fractal High Break AND give a new TDI Cross which will confirm the move.

OR, watch for the reversal signals.

This is where common sense and PA overrides an indicator.  Software is only capable of so much, and PA doesn't care what the code says

--- 帖子 #1213 ---
Probably something to do with brokers, however my eurgbp doesn't have the supply zone on your chart.

My usdchf has moved into profit, although it did give a lot back.

Don't know if all brokers have these, however also took a trade on gold on Friday which I didn't have time to write up. Both metals gave signals, as did oil however there's no colour change or ema break yet. Could be a good one to watch as there's zones just above price on both daily and weekly charts.

Nice catch on the audusd. Was the entry on the 18th? As it's moving towards the 55/100 ema I was wary. How would this compare to a short on the audchf about the 23rd and the nzdusd for monday?

--- 帖子 #1214 ---
How do you do this?

--- 帖子 #1215 ---
I ended up just using the 100EMA and 200EMA on day and H4 - I used to get too conflicted with the additional EMAs

The AU trade was set as a pending Sunday night for the Fractal Low Break and it triggered Wed night.

Very similar pattern on the aud chf

Did not like the nzd usd as it was too choppy

--- 帖子 #1216 ---
It's a gift

--- 帖子 #1217 ---
Just to show that my hindsight capabilities are not a fluke, More thoughts on Day charts and H4 on high pip movers such as EUR/JPY.

Looking at the day chart over the past 10 days, the Fractal Breaks were not producing much and by the time you see a TDI confirmation, the trading opportunity had long gone, so I have been running some back testing using the H4.

Bearing in mind I am reviewing charts at 8pm PDT, this equated to the H4 at 04:00, so I must be able to see the set-up on the 04:00 candle close or earlier.

Looking at the entry possibilities on the H4 during the same timeframe would have seen a total of around 800 / 900 pips running with the usual TP1 / TP 2 and ATR 7 approaches.

Worth considering if the Day entries are not confirming on pairs such as eur/jpy, gbp/jpy, eur/nzd, gbp/nzd

run some backtests and see if this will work for you.

--- 帖子 #1218 ---
The only problem is it's rare that I can make time to look at 4H charts ... the other half would not be very appreciative if I started doing this

--- 帖子 #1219 ---
Understand - I've taken the approach that I only use the H4 if the Day is being stubborn but mostly on the high pip moving pairs - only really adds 5 or 10 extra minutes.  I only check in once a day at 8pm for about 30 - 45 mins, so I don't check every H4 candle - I'd get addicted to chart watching again!!!

--- 帖子 #1220 ---
Trading summary for the week

EUR/CHF - The entry was set off of the H4 for a TDI bounce lower and due to the pullback candle from the Friday session - lots of downward momentum.  TP2 was set to BE after TP1 was hit and the SL was hit 2 days later.

TP1 closed for 81 pips

TP2 closed for 4 pips (BE)

AUD/USD - This was set as a sell stop for a Fractal Low break and it triggered 3 days later

TP1 closed for 50 pips

TP2 running with 20 pips protected - TS of 55pips set untill new entries are taken on the H4

Both trades were set up as pending trades after the Friday candle close during the early hours of Monday.  I do not actively trade the Sunday/Monday times, I just set pending trades.

--- 帖子 #1221 ---
Watch List for next week.

Lots of activity at the end of last week, so most pairs have got something happening.  BOJ is still faffing around so no clear direction there. The UK financial outlook is not well if you listen to the talking heads - which when it comes to charts is fatal.  The PA will tell you where it wants to go and PA doesn't listen to the talking heads!

As always with the charts, wait for the previous candle to close before making a trading decision.  An APB colour change for the previous day with a TDI cross is a great place to start.  Look for the stronger TDI crosses - less chance of a DrawDown.

I will be concentrating more on the 3 amigos this week and EUR/JPY on H4.

EU is now looking as though it is going to respect the Supply Zone, so now looking for a candle to head south and close below the Zone.  I have manually drawn in the Support Zone in case the software deletes it this week,

GU is respecting a former level 1.5767 and is shaping up for a reverse, although the current UK news has not been good.  If it keeps heading south it could test the lows from July 2012.  Waiting for the Monday candle to see what PA will do.  Don't let the talking heads get in your way - follow the PA.

AU continues its recent trend, watching on H4 for Add-Ons.

With the JPY pairs, I am watching these on the H4 as long as they have the current ranges in play.

EUR/AUD - nice move following the colour change on Thursday - will also watch this on H4.

GBP/AUD has a stronger move in play than the EUR/AUD - again, too late for the Day entry, so H4.

GBP/NZP - nice candle pattern for a reverse - watch PA to confirm the TDI cross.

GBP/CHF - Huge pull back candle on Friday - this should trigger a reversal.

AUD/CAD - Good candle pattern for reversal with TDI cross in place, look for APB to change colour

Happy Pip Hunting

--- 帖子 #1222 ---
Oh yeh, I so know that feeling

--- 帖子 #1223 ---
Britpip, just checking. Your 5 MA is that an SMA with shift 1? I'm have an EMA shift 2

--- 帖子 #1224 ---
SMA Period 5 shift 1 - Apply to Close

--- 帖子 #1225 ---
Hello,

Long time lurker here on this thread. Just want to say thanks very much Britpip. I am finally starting to

make some $.

--- 帖子 #1226 ---
Great news - post some charts so we can see your trades

--- 帖子 #1227 ---
Britpip,

Sorry I'm missing something. But could you explain more in depth how you could tell if a TDI cross is Weak or Strong ?

--- 帖子 #1228 ---
A good example of a strong TDI cross would be the current day chart on GBP / USD

Strong angle on the TDI cross

Good candle pattern

Price action moving higher after the APB colour change and close from the Wednesday Candle

--- 帖子 #1229 ---
Not had much time on the charts this week, so missed everything on Wednesday night!

Here is what I was talking about on last weekend's Watch List regarding watching the EUR/JPY for entries on the H4 as opposed to the day chart.

The Day chart would have coughed up 1 entry for 250pips which is pretty respectful.

However, the H4 would more than double this.

--- 帖子 #1230 ---
Has anyone tried this method on futures? I'm tinkering with the Interactive brokers demo. They don't have to many forex pairs though.

--- 帖子 #1231 ---
Looking at how the week closed out, there were plenty of pairs with strong trend runs. these are the ones to watch on the H4 charts and pick up Fractal Breaks.

Eur and JPY pairs continue doing their thing - lots of opportunities on the Day charts with Fractal Breaks

GBP had a complete reversal on Friday - ATR 1 ranging from 150 to 350 pips depending on the pair.  Engulfing candles often signal a reversal.

Possibilities for reversals this week

NZD/USD is hitting the Supply Zone

EUR/NZD GBP/AUD APB Colour change - wait for Monday PA

GBP/NZD looking to continue trend run - although it has hit a Demand Zone and may well blow straight through.

AUD/CHF showing a pull back candle on Friday.  PA has not managed to close below the fractal lows of 0.9443 and 0.9431 - watch for reversal candle pattern.  Seems to be a theme with the CHF pairs.

--- 帖子 #1232 ---
Hi Britpip,  do you change any of the settings when going from day charts to 4h ?

--- 帖子 #1233 ---
What do you mean when you say supply zone?

--- 帖子 #1234 ---
Echoman,

Nothing changes on the settings with one exception - when using H4 you need to make a decision for your Take Profit Settings.  If you are purely using H4 as an Add-On strategy, I will leave the TP open and manually manage.  SL will usually be to an H4 swing high/low.

On the indicators, I generally have it Il_SupDem switched off on H4 and then I will run off of Fractals once the trend is established.

--- 帖子 #1235 ---
Hi King,

Check out the attachments posted on Dec 26th and Post # 1096 - http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...03#post6322703

--- 帖子 #1236 ---
O ok thanks.This is kinda something i been paying attention too with out really having a name for it

--- 帖子 #1237 ---
Thanks again Britpip

--- 帖子 #1238 ---
Hello britpip7 and others

I am your method for a few weeks and I wanted to ask you if it would be correct table ?

RSI 10 lower 50

cross TDI output 68

Break fractal day

Bounce TDI

--- 帖子 #1239 ---
Thomi,

You look to be on the right track.

APB colour change + TDI cross / bounce - if TDI is above 68, it is an indicator of being oversold

If the move is higher, then RSI>50 is good, if lower, then look for RSI<50

Fractal Break is also good

--- 帖子 #1240 ---
???

So yesterday i took a Eur/Gbp trade that looked to have a good Tdi cross and a decent candle.So i wake up and check my charts and now im down almost 100 pips??Did i do something wrong or is this just one of those routine losses that just happen? The candle is even blue now and it was red yesterday.

--- 帖子 #1241 ---
hello kingclarence  ,

RSI 10 > 50 bad for short ... and TDI is still in zone 68

--- 帖子 #1242 ---
Looks like it ran into the support at 0.8555 and the support held and it reversed and resumed the overall trend

I'll look at the chart in more detail tonight

--- 帖子 #1243 ---
britpip7 please if you have time can you make a point of eur chf detailed

entry point, stop, take profit

Are you in a position at this time and you have trades in planning ?

--- 帖子 #1244 ---
Looking at the chart and the entry, this would have looked a good entry point on the Day Chart with the one exception of the RSI 10 up at 62.  There may have been a possibility of taking this earlier on the H4 which would have had to be set up from the 04:00 candle which would have been before the day candle showed reversal, so not easy to do unless you are seriously watching H4 charts.

The H4 chart may have shown you the possible Demand Zone / Support level that eventually snagged you.  Other than that - tough break

Good Points

APB colour change with good candle shape

ATR 1 > ATR 7

Fresh TDI cross

Not So Good Points:

TDI >50

--- 帖子 #1245 ---
Not a huge fan of this pair due to the SNB screwing around with their ideas of fixing the euro exchange rate.

Not sure if it is trying to settle on 1.2300 as it seems to be hovering there.

I would find something else to trade.

I am currently 40 pips down on the Eur/Nzd after my TP1 was missed by 3 pips followed by a 100pip reversal - I'll probably kill it if it shows no sign of recovery in the morning.

--- 帖子 #1246 ---
Yup tough break indeed but o well.Mistakes = lessons

--- 帖子 #1247 ---
Not too sure what the lesson was - apart from looking for an early reversal from a really strong up trend which you already knew with the TDI RSI above 80.

This was a high probability trade with the Support Zone set and the candle moving south.  This may well have another attempt and succeed 2nd time around.  This is quite common for these Zones to be tested a couple of times before the move away is strong enough to build a reversal.

--- 帖子 #1248 ---
Actually i dont even use the Rsi anymore.My chart doesnt have anything except the heiken ash candles and the TDI.

--- 帖子 #1249 ---
I'm gathering up the Ninjatrader indicators for this method. I'm curious to see how TMS

would work with futures along with FX. Going to test it on the IB demo for a wile. I will let you guys know

how it works.

--- 帖子 #1250 ---
I have had no experience with Ninjatrader, however, from all of my backtesting and demo tests, I would say that this approach will work with any chart that has movement and trends and cycles.  Not necessarily limited to 4X by any stretch.

--- 帖子 #1251 ---
So things havent been as successfull for me lately as they were when i first started trading the daily charts.I was kinda wondering what i was doing wrong or different.Seems like i was killing it on the pips back then.So today i wake up to check my trades and low and behold they are finally starting to go my way.

Also i checked some older ones that i got out of last week and if i was still in them i would be winning on all four of them.Now i realize why i got a lot of pips back then.......because when i took a trade i just set my stop loss and rode it out.

Thats what i gotta get back too

--- 帖子 #1252 ---
Funny how that works.

This is especially true when trading off of the Supply / Demand Zones.  the first candle moving and closing away from the zone sometimes hold and then the reversal builds off of it.  Other times, the first candle is a fake out which is then retested followed by a second move away from the zone which is usally a stronger move - as per the current chart for Eur/GBP

--- 帖子 #1253 ---
Yup....im currently in that Eur/Gbp trade and its +50 pips.I read a good article on that guy oz traders website that gave me some good ideas and reminded me of somethings.For a second i thought maybe the markets changed or something when i went back and looked at my old posts and all the pips i was making.I realized i just not riding my trades out like i used to.

Just gotta stick in there as long as my stop loss isnt hit.I closed like 4 trades that are all winning right now lol.Im going back to the old me

--- 帖子 #1254 ---
I like Oz trader - Niall Fuller's approach - no clutter and lots of info on his web site, even if you don't subscribe.  I check in on his site occasionally and it is always worth reading the articles.  He generally advocates forecasting how far the price can move and looking for a risk / reward ratio of 1:3, so hi s SL settings are usually not too painful, although I cannot speak to how often they get hit.

I am still sticking to the ATR 7 set ups / swing high/low for SL and this means really nailing your trading plan for your entry criteria - sometimes, the 4X gods will take a toll, but long term you will be ahead.  I am batting 1 for 3 this week and I'll post some charts for each of the entry positions later this week / weekend.

--- 帖子 #1255 ---
Yeah his site is good.Also went back and looked through some of my books and some other sites.A couple of things that i re remembered that i read was the fact that even if you only have one indicator if you study it enough you can learn to be profitable.Also the part about being unemotional about wins and losses.

Thats why all i got is the heiken ash candles and the TDI.Eventually im gonna remove those two indicators as well.Also once i get the day charts down pretty good im probably gonna move up to the weekly charts.The key right now for me is to ride my trades all the way out.Im playing to win not to not lose

--- 帖子 #1256 ---
Trade summary for the week is 1 loss (thanks to the NZD unemployment news) and 2 wins.

EUR NZD Loss 2 X 125 pips for -250pips

GBP NZD Win - TP1 for 100pips, TP2 for 95pips for a total of 195pips

GBP CHF win - TP1 for 75pips, TP2 for 135pips and AOC 1 for 34 pips for a total of 244pips

Net for the week = 189pips

--- 帖子 #1257 ---
Interesting to see the stats on the # of hits on the charts I posted last night - the loss chart is getting a lot more attention than the win charts!

Post some comments / critiques on the charts - especially the loss

--- 帖子 #1258 ---
One of the TDI patterns that gives really good reversals is when the RSI Price Line & Trade Signal Lines pull away from the Mid Zone Line and especially when this occurs in the Overbought / Oversold areas.

Combine this with a Supply / Demand Zone and the PA moves can be quite dramatic.

--- 帖子 #1259 ---
Round up for the coming week's watch list:

GU - currently closing beneath the latest supply zone, so could resume down - current trend is down - also strong S/R levels historically may prevent any sustained push higher

AU - Large reversal candle may precede an APB colour change - TDI oversold

AUD/JPY showing bearish divergence on TDI

Generally JPY pairs showing reversals - watch on H4 for breaks of zones

EUR/JPY H4 now in a zone, watch for breaks either way

Eur AUD although technically stil in an up trend, recent sideways PA and a recent Fractal Low may be a clue

GBP AUD PA moving away from Demand Zone - waiting to see if there is a close above 200EMA

AUD CHF Recent patterns would suggest that the support levels will hold - watch for PA heading north

--- 帖子 #1260 ---
Yup also when the yellow line goes above or below overbought oversold and makes a sharp V point.This is usually money

--- 帖子 #1261 ---
Some thoughts on APB Colour Changes and what to look for with regard mostly to reversals but can also apply after a consolidation period followed by a trend continuation.

Guidelines Summary.

1. Wait for day candle to close

2. Confirm Colour Change - set entries slightly above candle high for longs, below candle low for shorts

3. Best colour change candles have wicks top and bottom - usually top and bottom wicks will be similar in value, although not essential - also, they will have more body than wicks, again not essential

4. Colour change candle value (ATR 1) should be at least 75% of the previous candle ATR 7

5. Colour change candles that are > 2X of the ATR7 may result in a PA stall - can still be valid entries, but may not produce +ve results straight away

6. TDI crosses that coincide with a colour change candle are great, especially if the TDI is in Overbought / Oversold territory

7. Watch for candle reversal patterns preceding a colour change such as doji / hammer / shooting star / inside candle / engulfing candle - these all improve yor success probability

8. Colour change candles closing and moving away from a Supply / Demand Zone are also really strong indicators

Look for these patterns when backtesting and verify what patterns work best for your trading plan / style.

Standard entry rules apply - use the colour change candle ATR 7 - set TP1 to 1 X ATR 7 - SL can be Swing high / low or 1.5 to 2 X ATR 7.  Set TP2 with the same SL and leave TP open - move to BE when TP1 is hit and then change to H4 and manage SL manually and look for H4 Add-Ons on Fractal Breaks.

This has been added as a reference post to Post #1

--- 帖子 #1262 ---
Hi David, Thanks so much for this great Summary. The examples are excellent. Bob

--- 帖子 #1263 ---
I agree. Thanks for posting the charts. I'm new to the thread and find your charts very helpful.

--- 帖子 #1264 ---
Thanks so much for the lessons again Britpip.

--- 帖子 #1265 ---
Hi Folks,

thanks for the feedback on the charts - much appreciated.

--- 帖子 #1266 ---
Hi David

Really apprecaite your updates and charts. Can you please explain how your re enter or add to a trade?

Thanks

Tim

--- 帖子 #1267 ---
Loser Add-On trade. I guess it was the news from Germany and France.

--- 帖子 #1268 ---
Hi Tim,

There are a bunch of training charts in the attachments on this.  Here are a few of them - look for "training" "Add-On"

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...20#post5931520

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...70#post6074770

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...76#post6395176

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...40#post6340740

Basic overview, switch to H4 and stay with the current day trend, look for Fractals and when the price breaks the Fractal, that is your entry signal.  Verify you are not trading into a support / resistance area or a supp / demand zone.

--- 帖子 #1269 ---
mmmm....

That was an unfortunate hit after a very nice colour change on APB on the day and a nice candle reversal pattern - sometimes news can take out even a good set-up.

The only thing that would have made the set-up stronger would have been a confirmed Day chart TDI cross at the close of the Colour change bar.

--- 帖子 #1270 ---
Is there an indicator that shows the atr value of previous candles or do you calculate this manually?

Thanks

Mark

--- 帖子 #1271 ---
Mark,

Here's the screenshot with the indicators - you will need the ATR Pips UL Corner - period 1, multiplier 1 - Visualization - show in data window

Place your cursor on the candle and the ATR 1 will display in the data window

--- 帖子 #1272 ---
Not much trading this week due to work commitments, so I have missed every set.

Of note was this one - GBP AUD.  Waiting to see if a new Demand Zone is established and then watch for reversal options.  If a Zone does not form, possible H4 entry for a continuation

--- 帖子 #1273 ---
Following my week off testing strategies on the H1, back to the reality of day charts and the upcoming watch list.  I' be trading H1 and posting results on X Man's thread, so leaving this thread clean for the Day charts, etc.

Lots of EURO news at the end of the week that put a halt to some of the recent moves as well as the GBP attempting to throw off the ddom and gloom talking heads.

EU = price stalling above the 1.3300 marker - currently sitting above a Demand Zone, so watching for a bull candle following Fridays doji which has created a double bottom

GU showing signs of another pause as it continues its drop - possible chance of a pull back from the Demand Zone to the 38.2 if it clears 23.6

AU & NU - still too choppy on the day - maybe possible for entries on the H4 - follow the general Day trend

JPY pairs are mostly range bound but with several hundred pips of range, so again look for entries on H4 within the ranges - most pairs are sitting on mid Zones right now - UJ shown for day and h4 to give you an idea of the zones

EUR/AUD is sitting on the 100/200EMA - wait for move and close away from this level

GBP / AUD looking for a bounce away from the Demand Zone  GBP / NZD similar pattern

GBP / CHF possible retrace to the 38.2 level

EUR / GBP if it breaks the previous Fractal Low @ 8445 then we could have a longer retrace / full reversal

--- 帖子 #1274 ---
Hello folks, I'm back :o)

Had an enforced absence due to rain. It came down for three days and our home developed a couple of small leaks. This was not of itself a problem, except that one of them was right on top of my PC. Power supply blew out but fortunately no other damage, just the wait time for it to get fixed. Been using a old back up PC and had forgotten my log in password.

Anyway, demo trading in December and January gave me a 30/12 win/loss ratio over 42 trades, with 2000+ pips profit, so February was time to go live. So far the only really bad trade was the same eurusd that Verbal got caught on. Other than that I have two small losses; tried get clever on the 1hr chart with the eur/chf, which was very silly, for a small loss and just closed an audjpy that's been going nowhere and just making me uncomfortable.

One trade live at the moment on the audchf, diong nicely

--- 帖子 #1275 ---
Welcome back - glad everything was recoverable.  I was on a pending on au chf but failed to trigger, so on o the next one.

Nice results, now the challenge is to change nothing when you go live and make sure your money management is sound.  Plan the trade and trade your plan - follow your rules.

--- 帖子 #1276 ---
Closed an Aud/Cad trade for like twenty pips last week when i should have stayed in.Now its up.Gotta remember to stay in my trades.Its either hit my stop loss or at least 100 pips no matter what lol.

--- 帖子 #1277 ---
Thanks Britpip. How come your audchf trade didn't trigger?

Here's todays on the eurnzd

--- 帖子 #1278 ---
SSooo fellow traders...i was doing a little math and i calculated that if you started with 30,000...and averaged 500 pips a month.You could turn that 30,000 to around 2,000,000 in four years.So imagine if you could average 1,000 pips a month?? Just something to think about.

--- 帖子 #1279 ---
I had the trigger set at a higher level above the Day Fractal Highs - no problem, just catch the next set up

--- 帖子 #1280 ---
It is always fun to run the spreadsheets - question is, what will your trading style evolve into once you are placing a full lot and then multiple lots?

How much of your account balance will you risk per entry position - 1%. 2%. higher?

Money management becomes crucial.  what will you do after 2 successive losses, or 5 successive losses?

--- 帖子 #1281 ---
EU is hitting a key level again - this coincides with the lower level of the current Demand Zone and as acted as a strong Support / Demand level over the past couple of years.

Currently looking for a bounce higher unless there is a close below the 1.3400 level. - Ooops - Edit - should have said 1.3200!

Current trend is up with TDI Mid Zone running above 50.

PA and TDI are in agreement.

--- 帖子 #1282 ---
EUR NZD

Following the APB colour change PA is stalling following the pull back candle yesterday.  PA is holding back below the 50EMA, so not convinced that this will not stall out

RSI 10 is not yet >51

One to watch - possible pending trade for a buy stop above the 50EMA which will see RSI gain strength

--- 帖子 #1283 ---
GBP AUD

TDI Convergence

Current trend is down with TDI mid zone below 50.  RSI Price Line hitting 32 level

PA hitting Demand Zone last seen in Jul 2012

--- 帖子 #1284 ---
I have it calculated to about 2 per pip per every ten thousand in the account.Everytime the account goes up ten thousand dollars add 2 more dollars per pip.

No matter how many losses im just sticking to the same plan.Just perfecting my Tms trading for now.Maybe another year or two then ill go live.

--- 帖子 #1285 ---
Hi King, if you really want to perfect your plan, go live with a small account and .01 order sizes. Demo trading is fine but it's never ever the same as pulling the trigger on real money.

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1286 ---
Yeah ive been live before which is why im back to demo trading lol.Gonna perfect it before i dive back in.Had a few great months of 2,000 plus pips and thought i was the man.Thought i was a forex god then went live and realized i still had a lot to learn and was a mortal after all.

--- 帖子 #1287 ---
Lots of PA stalling at the moment - EUR AUD is the latest and has a very strong Support / Resistance level going back to 2010

For any shorts, I would want to a break and close below 1.2800

Trend is still up and you currently have a retrace of 350pips, so still plenty of opportunity to go long with PA confirmation

Currently TDI is showing some divergence, but if this level holds, that will give way to a new move back up to 1.3000

--- 帖子 #1288 ---
EUR JPY is looking to test some major levels as it pulls back from recent highs.

Here are some different ways of looking at the PA and also where the key levels of Support and Resistance are from the full range of data available on MT4.  The shorter term H4 charts makes for interesting reading - bounce higher anyone?

The only indicators apart from the Fractals are EMAs - 21/50/100/200

I usually start out with these and then pull in the TDI - currently studying patterns and relationships to key levels and the EMAs

--- 帖子 #1289 ---
GBP AUD - still looking at a bullish convergence.  Three candles with lows within 6pips of each other.  I would love to see the current candle close higher, which should then bring an APB colour change.  Not too keen on placing an entry without confirmation, so I am out until I see the candle close!

A candle closing and moving away from the current Demand Zone plus colour change plus TDI cross would make for a really great entry signal, but of course that means that GBP needs a bit of good news to push it in the right direction

--- 帖子 #1290 ---
So relate to that, lol

--- 帖子 #1291 ---
Owch! still in but a long way down ...

--- 帖子 #1292 ---
Observations for the coming week for the watch list

EU is on a run down to the Day 200EMA, Possibly hanging up on the 100EMA, so options for H4 re-entries may present themselves until the day pauses / turns again

GU is in danger of being in freefall but after Friday's pause, may provide a decent re-entry.  I have a pending sell stop on this.

AU did have an APB colour change so may be worth a long play, but the last 10 candles are messy - too much chop

NU is playing with the Day 100EMA and is hitting and bouncing higher each time - I did thrade this and had a good entry but moved my stop to BE and it was hit.

JPY is ranging on H4 for most pairs, however the range is 200 to 300 pips, so watch for colour changes and TDI crosses and especially PA bounces off of the 100 and 200 EMA.s

EUR/NZD both PA and TDI are following the same pattern, so at some point this squeeze will breakout.  TDI mid zone is still showing an up trend and there are a few Demand Zones coming up, so watch for price bounces away from these zones

GBP/AUD is following the GU pattern - Most GBP pairs are on a strong run, so again watch for re-entries on day and H4

GBP/NZD gives the appearance of sitting on an historic low and waiting for the next direction - TDI bullish convergence

EUR/GBP gave us a colour change on Thursday plus a TDI cross on Friday but with a pullback candle - caution on short entries here.

AUD/CAD running into a strong Supply Zone - watch for price reversals.

Happy pip hunting

--- 帖子 #1293 ---
... and out

--- 帖子 #1294 ---
I'm thinking we might be looking at a pull back on some of the gbp pairs, especially the gpbaud. Except for the RSI, which is heavily oversold, and the candle size there' s a lot of signals showing up

--- 帖子 #1295 ---
Looks like the main movers on GBP are losing their momentum.  the new candle is over 4 hours old and the Asian session is not achieving much

--- 帖子 #1296 ---
Once again i lost lots of pips because i exited some trades waaaayy too early.Entries right exits wrong lol

--- 帖子 #1297 ---
EU in a down trend

APB still red

PA hanging on to the 200EMA which is currently acting as a dynamic support level - Demand Zone coming into play

Current Trade range is 700pips

Watching for a reversal candle off of the current level - wait for day candle to close -  if move is up - initial target 38.2 level.

For a continuation, candle must close clear of the 200EMA

--- 帖子 #1298 ---
Here's the thoughts for the week for the Watch List

EU has closed below the 200EMA, but not below the Fractal and approaching Demand Zone, still good possibilities of continuing the downward trend

GU has closed below the previous low - trend continues

NZD USD is hanging up on the 200EMA, so usual rules to wait for a candle to close above / below the 200EMA - last candle was a doji, so anything possible

AUD JPY bouncing off of the 50EMA floowing a pullback candle - colour change on APB, however most JPY pairs are ranging - this one is in a 450pip range

AUD NZD candle pattern reversing off of 50EMA

USD CHF PA approaching Supply Zone, so watching for candle patterns for a reversal

GBH CHF with a colour change followed by a reversal - trend still continuing down

--- 帖子 #1299 ---
With you on that one, King

--- 帖子 #1300 ---
It all comes down to trusting your entries and then trusting to your SL to keep you in the good trades.

I have run lots of backtesting on the entry signals and DrawDowns and this gives you the confidence to stay in the trades  until you hit your Take Profit levels.

--- 帖子 #1301 ---
Yeah i feel you lol.I should be past it by now but i keep getting faked out lol.Im gonna get over it though im in this for the long haul

--- 帖子 #1302 ---
David,

What's your take on USDJPY? Looking at weekly it's the first time there's a negative signal from TDI since the beginning of the uptrend. On the other hand there this pin bar indicating a continuation of the trend (?). The price action has been stalling during the whole Feb. expect the huge sell off on 25th.

V

--- 帖子 #1303 ---
Hey all,

Just adding what I found as some interesting observations on the eurusd with Fibonacci's.

The first chart is a long term look with a couple of fibs in gray on significant highs and lows. The second chart is our standard view with a couple of short term fibs added in brown.

What we are looking at is not the individual lines but the groupings of the older and newer.

About now at 1.3050 both the short fibs have lines that align very tightly with an older fib. If you zoom out this will also show as a significant pivot point several times; since setpt/12 feb-may/12, Dec/10 to jan/11 and several others even as far back as 1991. It also just happens to be the level of our 200 EMA at the moment.

There's also a looser grouping around 1.2880 that aligns with a demand zone.

Shorter term, 1.331 and 1.265 have significant groupings.

What I'm suggesting is, we may see price movement for a while around the first two fibs with extensions to the higher and lower points and back.

Comments anyone?

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1304 ---
To add to the pot, I just placed a fib extension from the high of  1st feb to the low of 15th feb, 161.8 is almost smack on the current price, with 261.8 being at 1265!

--- 帖子 #1305 ---
V,

The weekly has a nice reversal pattern building, and it will be interesting to see if this holds on to the red bar for this week.  If that confirms, then look for PA signals on the H4 for entry points.

Day chart looks to found a nice strong resistance at 94.25, so watching for continued bounces off of that level.  The Day range looks to be around 270pips and is using the 21EMA as a dynamic support level.

H4 has lots going on with PA narrowing considerably.  Its last attempt to go short failed at the 200EMA, so maybe that is the current extent of moves south until that is broken and confirmed.  Watching for a breakout - no clue as to which direction I'm afraid - yet!

--- 帖子 #1306 ---
Interesting when you zoom out all of the way on the dy chart and mark the S/R levels and then zoom back in.

The current Demand Zone is sitting below the 200EMA, so waiting to see if the current colour change pushes through and confirms with a TDI cross - tad weak at the moment.

--- 帖子 #1307 ---
A quick q. What is the Significance of Currency Strength When it is changing every now and then? Can we Rely on it? and in what way?

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1308 ---
Probably of more relevance on the shorter timeframes and good to use if scalping on M15.  It does give you a heads up as to the current status and is a clue to go check out the charts.  I do not use it as anything more than a pro,pt to review the top versus bottom currency and to verify whether ot not this is a news realted event.

Never use it for entry decisions always use PA for that.

--- 帖子 #1309 ---
Appreciate sir!

--- 帖子 #1310 ---
here's a heads up for a possible reversal.

first signs of a pullback from the Demand Zone

TDI bearish divergence - TDI above 68 with a possible cross - wait for current day candle to close to confirm

APB not showing a colour change yet, but is showing as a doji on a strong bear candle - not yet engulfing the previous day candle.  IF PA continues, the next APB will show as Red

Pending sell stop below the Fractal Low

--- 帖子 #1311 ---
Hi BritPip7

I've been following your thread for some time, just wanna thanks for your great work here.

Just starting trading your system, so finding your charts a big help.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #1312 ---
Welcome - happy pip hunting

--- 帖子 #1313 ---
EUR / USD

The day chart looks interesting - APB colour change, TDI moving out of oversold territory, PA above 200EMA - wait for day candle to close then enter off of day high. Current ATR 7 = 91 pips for first profit target.

--- 帖子 #1314 ---
Did you take this trade?

--- 帖子 #1315 ---
Thankfully not - trigger wasn't hit and I had completely forgotten that NFP was today - I never trade NFP days!

I did have a GU in play at the time and killed that one for BE

--- 帖子 #1316 ---
Owch, I did. forgot about NFP as I thought it was last Friday, that one being the first Friday of the month.

--- 帖子 #1317 ---
How far above the previous days close did you put your eurusd entry?

--- 帖子 #1318 ---
Double ouch me 2 lol

--- 帖子 #1319 ---
I had it 20 pips above Thursday High - the ATR 7 was at 90 pips and the previous day range was 144 pips, so maybe pure luck rather than judgement.  I generally use approx 10% to 15% of the ATR 7 with spread for setting the entry point above the previous day high, so often between 10 and 25 pips, hust to allow far breathing space if PA stalls out.

The high from Thursday was 1.3117, the high for Friday was 1.3133, so it missed by 3 pips - which makes a nice change.

--- 帖子 #1320 ---
Forgot about NFP as well.

Lesson cost - 100 pips

Will remember next time

--- 帖子 #1321 ---
Thanks, good to know and glad at least someone missed this pahlava of a trade

A little something on NFP from Wikipedia. I'd assumed it was always the first Friday. Apparently not.

"The Bureau of Labor Statistics releases preliminary data on the third Friday after the conclusion of the reference week, i.e., the week which includes the 12th of the month, at 8:30 a.m. Eastern Time; typically this date occurs on the first Friday of the month." (but not always ...!)

--- 帖子 #1322 ---
This caught a lot of experienced traders out this week - showing you just how important it is to be aware of the key news events.

For each currency, this is usually the equivalent of NFP - typically unemployment / employment numbers.  Canada releases theirs usually on the same day as the USA.  Others vary.

The other key one for USA to note is the FOMC.

--- 帖子 #1323 ---
Some links worth watching / subscribing to:

dcginc - alias Rick at Pro Trader's Network - http://www.protradenetwork.com

Also, Jason Stapleton has some good training videos - http://tradeempowered.com/forex-mark...out-to-bounce/

as always, this is not advice to buy anything, just a recommendation for some good materials.

--- 帖子 #1324 ---
Gbpusd is making a nice signal. Is that current bar too good to be true?

--- 帖子 #1325 ---
Ok sooooo...after going back in time i have come to the conclusion either the markets are jacked up or im doing something wrong these days.I look at my older posts and see times when i was up 500+ pips sometimes on trades and im wondering what was i doing then that im not doing now? I mean im not really losing but im not doing close to what i was back then.It seems like i was racking up the pips lol.

Im gonna go back and study my old stuff and figure out whats going on.

--- 帖子 #1326 ---
Careful on this pair - economy figures for GBP are still looking poor, so this could just be a bounce

--- 帖子 #1327 ---
Well guys ive been doing a little chart study.Part of it is my old trades and part of it is just other stuff.Something i think im kinda relearning is that candle size is important.The size of the candles is kinda like momentum and strong momentum is hard to stop.I need to do more study so dont quote me but it appears often times when candles are in an up or down trend and they go into a consoladation period usually if the candles before it were large it will often keep going in the same direction afterwards and often if they are small and shrinking it might be a reversal.Like i said got to study a lot of this more so dont quote me on any of this lol.

--- 帖子 #1328 ---
Momentum in the PA is key and candle size is important - I'll post some charts in the next couple of days

--- 帖子 #1329 ---
watch out for the Consumer Sentiment numbers at 6:55 PDT this morning - manage your trades / close out stalled positions if you don't fancy the idea of holding over the weekend.

I have nothing open - just closed my GBP/USD for 195 pips - done for the week.  Trade charts to follow at the weekend

--- 帖子 #1330 ---
When did you take that trade?

--- 帖子 #1331 ---
I dont know which version of the TDI everyone has but i have the one that has the bands.I hated this at first and tried to figure out how to get rid of them now i actually like them.Ive noticed its often a good trade signal when the TDI breaks the top or bottom of the bands.

Notice how on this first chart the band TDI is just starting to break the outside of the band.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Now see on this second chart how this trend went on for almost 500 pips if you followed it all the way through.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

If you have the bands like me this is something you might wanna pay attention to.

--- 帖子 #1332 ---
Entry was taken as PA moved off of the Demand Zone - colour change on APB wasn't stellar as it ended up as a doji, but I was more interested in the bounce for the lows from the previous 3 days and this was supported by the TDI crossing.

Attached are the day and H4 charts and a look forward for possible moves next week

--- 帖子 #1333 ---
Mine is the TMS Watchdog version posted here on 12/11/2011 and I have always had the bands visible.

If you go into the Indicator settings for TDI, lines 1 and 3 are the upper and lower bands.

If you go to Dean Malone's website, one of the trade signals he teaches is breaks of the bands.  Buy when the upper band is broken on an up trend and sell when the lower band is broken on a down trend.  Well, that's the simple version - more detail can be found by watching his training videos.

--- 帖子 #1334 ---
Here's one that did not go to plan.

Essentially if you follow the trading plan, you don't get stopped out!

--- 帖子 #1335 ---
Here's an H4 trade from this week.

H4 colour change with a TDI cross.

PA confirms on next candle for 75 pips.

trade closed with a TS of 30pips.

--- 帖子 #1336 ---
Thanks pip.I watched a ton of his videos funny i missed that one.I watch a bunch of nial fullers videos also.I think one day im gonna go to pure price action.

--- 帖子 #1337 ---
Also on the folks to watch list are Rick (dgcinc) on pro traders network and Jason Stapleton - both are PA / pattern traders.

--- 帖子 #1338 ---
eu is developing a channel following its down trend.

H4 is showing a pullback and is falling back off of the 100EMA

Day has move away from what is developing into a strong Demand Zone and also shows a pullback below the 200EMA.

Current channel is around 200pips, so this may be worth watching for signals on H4 for entries.

--- 帖子 #1339 ---
Looks like a couple of possibilities ahead for GU depending on whether it'll break out from its new range.

Also on the H4, interesting to watch the PA with the TDI. For those struggling to see the signals on H4 - an APD colour change will either coincide with a TDI cross, or will be followed by a TDI cross on the next candle, if the PA continues. Also, look for the Fractal breaks as these give another clue that a recent minor S/R level has been broken.

--- 帖子 #1340 ---
USD CHF

After my stopped out trade this week, the move lower is back on after a double top (almost) formation and then TDI showing a bearish divergence of Day and H4

--- 帖子 #1341 ---
GBP AUD

This is showing a stalled reversal pattern on the day which is confirmed on the H4 which is showing that the 50EMA is currently acting as a dynamic resistance.  H4 APB colour change and TDI are in place.

--- 帖子 #1342 ---
AUD CHF

Weekly chart is using the 200EMA as support with the day chart showing a huge pullback from the Supply Zone which is now showing APB colour change with a TDI cross in process - to be confirmed with PA on Monday.

H4 is a bit more confusing as it may use the 50EMA for a bounce.  I am looking for an entry signal off of H4 if it breaks the previous candle low

--- 帖子 #1343 ---
And finally - AUD NZD

Not one that I trade much, but the day is showing a good move off of the Supply Zone which if PA continues south will give an APB colour change and a TDI cross on Monday.

Watch for entries off of H4 if PA crosses and closes below the 21EMA

--- 帖子 #1344 ---
Hello My Chart Hr 4 clearly shown Sell at 1.3089 TP at 1.2937. Is it ok according to you? Achievable on sunday evening? asian session?

--- 帖子 #1345 ---
Wait until the gap from opening has determined whether is is going to continue - I do not trade on a Sunday/Monday candle unless there is strong PA action to support the move.

The Asian session on Monday is not known for its PA strength, so this can be quickly reversed on the London Open.

By the looks of the news calendar, no major news events on EUR through Monday, so PA may well drift sideways.

--- 帖子 #1346 ---
usd/chf weekly is a big Outside bearish candle! But on Hr 4 it recommends long from 0.9364 to TP 0.9600!

--- 帖子 #1347 ---
thank you.

--- 帖子 #1348 ---
here again.

--- 帖子 #1349 ---
There is a strong case for this price level to become a sticking point, so usual cautions apply - let PA tell you where it is going

--- 帖子 #1350 ---
As they say on the London Underground "Mind the Gap"

Very tempting to play on the eur/jpy with a 200+pip gap, but I think I will restrain myself.

--- 帖子 #1351 ---
This makes a very good case for not keeping trades open over the weekend, unless you are up over 100pips and all your candle patterns are telling you to stay in on Friday.

This also shows how important it is to have your trade management plan defined and in place.

Not sure how the brokers will honour SL settings when the price gaps like this - I have never been in a trade that suffered from this.

--- 帖子 #1352 ---
The gaps that were created after the Euro Zone / Cypus bail out agreement is going to change all of the previous forecasts and chart analysis over the weeken.

Just pause and re-asses how the moves are shaping up for the week.  the usual signals apply with APB colour changes and TDI - may be worth dropping down to H4 to see the moves Monday and Tuesday, especially with Monday being a quiet news day.

Happy pip hunting.

--- 帖子 #1353 ---
I've just noticed your charts don't have the 5 ema any more yet p1 still lists it as an indicator. What's the fourth one?

--- 帖子 #1354 ---
The 5ema was only there for decoration really - not used for entry decisions.  I'll update post # 1

Currently running with the following EMAs

21 / 50 / 100 / 200

all are typical hlc/3

--- 帖子 #1355 ---
Much obliged

--- 帖子 #1356 ---
Just a thought regarding the 21. Do you use it for anything other than potential support or resistance?

--- 帖子 #1357 ---
If a candle crosses and closes above / below the ema21, it is another entry signal that can be taken

--- 帖子 #1358 ---
That would be in addition to all the normal requirements, of course?

--- 帖子 #1359 ---
Not necessarily additional but as a supplemental note, figure that when PA crosses and closes above / below the ema 21 then it is usually a good indicator for a move.

This evolved on candles as opposed to APB and I have yet to backtest it with TDI, so I advise caution for adding a new entry criteria to your trading plan without fully testing it.

--- 帖子 #1360 ---
Ok after some more chart study i have decided since im only demo trading and its not real money im gonna try an experiment for a while.For maybe the next month or so im gonna trade every decent cross of the tdi.What im also gonna do is put a 100 pip take profit and a stop loss at the previous candle low or high.Lets see what happens.

--- 帖子 #1361 ---
Don't forget to post charts and keep to the rules with TDI cross and APB Colour change

Happy pip hunting

--- 帖子 #1362 ---
Im gonna start tomorrow and ill try my best to remember to start posting charts

--- 帖子 #1363 ---
After several recent chart sessions, it becomes clear that the charts do actually speak volumes.

Here is an example where the TDI signal and RSI lines have pulled away from the mid zone and PA has pushed away from the EMA21.  Typically this results in a PA stall as we are seeing now on this pair and then a retrace for the TDI back to the mid zone, especially when it is running under the 50 level.  This will also reult in PA pulling back to the EMA21.

Worth a more serious look at the history of TDI patterns and PA pulling away from EMA21 to see how reliable it is.  One thing to note is that when TDI signal and RSI lines have pulled away and rreach into OB / OS territory, the pullback is stronger.

Another observation is that when the TDI mid zone line is running at the 32 / 68 levels, there is a very good chance of a strong reversal move, especially Day and H4 charts.

--- 帖子 #1364 ---
Ok so im currently still in this Gbp/Usd trade lol.I almost jumped out a few times but im riding it out lol.My stop loss is actually like 135 pips and it just barely missed it but the trade appears to be about to make an up turn.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Ok so i just got my new daily candle a few minutes ago.If you notice the tdi is doing something i talked about a few posts back.Breaking the top of the bands.This is usually a good sign so im gonna stay in this one.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1365 ---
I took the following three trades today.All with a 100 pip take profit.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1366 ---
We are all with you on your live testing - keep us posted and best of luck

--- 帖子 #1367 ---
Thought for the day on TDI entries on the Day charts and how to use the H4 to clarify / confirm the PA moves

--- 帖子 #1368 ---
Ok so currently this is what my trades are looking like

Cad/Jpy +20

Gbp/Nzd +8

Gbp/Usd +146

Eur/Jpy -38

It was a point last night when i was up a combined 400 pips.I actually though about closing but im gonna ride them out.Im starting to kinda get in my old groove and remember what i used to do back when this thread started and i was way more sucessfull.I guess some people over trade well i been under trading lately.Going back to my old style.Take the good crosses and bounces and just ride em out.

When you do it like that usually you will have more winners than losers and at least one might be a home run.

--- 帖子 #1369 ---
E/U good to watch!

--- 帖子 #1370 ---
Agreed - Bullish convergence

Higher Highs, higher closes

APB colour change which is a text book candle shape

Coincides with a TDI cross

fingers crossed for no crazy gaps on market open and look for PA to continue north.

--- 帖子 #1371 ---
What was your initial stop on the gbpusd? Looked at this as a trade but mine was over 300 pips and the top ran smack into the 21 ema as resistance; too big

--- 帖子 #1372 ---
Lol....when i said stop loss i meant to say take profit...pardon me lol.

It actually looks like this run may go on for a while being that the candles look good and the green tdi line is breaking the top of the bands.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1373 ---
I had my SL set below the H4 Fractal Lows, so only had 100 pips of risk.  Unfortunately, I was too aggressive when I moved my SL to BE which was 35pips under the PA and it was hit.

Lesson learned - keep the SL below the 21EMA until PA takes off then manage on either H4 Fractals or off of the low from 2 candles back!

--- 帖子 #1374 ---
Post #1 updated to reflect the latest chart cleanup

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...334035&page=35

--- 帖子 #1375 ---
Hello David,

I just read your last post which said you had updated Post#1 which I was optimistic that you may have posted your latest template

(as you progress charts do get modified?) I have read parts of your thread and really believe day charts are far more reliable, and your posts are most helpful. If I misunderstood your post today, can you please guide me to the most up to date chart you are using. I still haven't found which MA you are using. I look forward to following your thread for which I am most appreciative. Brian

--- 帖子 #1376 ---
Brian

EMAs are 10/21/50/100/200 - still playing around with the 10, so not sure if it is a keeper yet.

Screenshot and .tpl in post 1 are current and should look like the attached

--- 帖子 #1377 ---
I closed the following three trades today

Gbp/Usd...+97.7

Gbp/Nzd...+52.2

Cad/Jpy...+35.3

Im still in the Eur/Jpy and its +140 currently

--- 帖子 #1378 ---
Not a bad week so far then?

Are you going to post some charts so you can gloat?

--- 帖子 #1379 ---
lol.Here are my exits

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1380 ---
I also entered this trade

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1381 ---
G/U potential set up

--- 帖子 #1382 ---
I have a pending sell stop, so let's see where this takes us

Lots of resistance above the current PA from previous weeks

--- 帖子 #1383 ---
So today i exited my Eur/Jpy trade for 94.3 pips.

Here is the chart

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I also entered these two trades

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1384 ---
I see you are getting back into it very nicely.  Currently I have GU from last night and AUD/CAD.  I did pick GBP/CAD but apparently forgot to place the entry!

--- 帖子 #1385 ---
How to show you entries and exits on completed trades.

Click on your Account History Tab

Click on the trade you want to show and drag it onto your chart

--- 帖子 #1386 ---
Right, after a few shockers, here's my current trades. Entered gbpusd this morning, audcad was a pending trigger activated yesterday

--- 帖子 #1387 ---
Today i exited my Usd/Cad trade for a loss of 3 pips

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I also entered the Aud/Usd and the Aud/Cad.Here are the charts.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1388 ---
My GU trade ended as BE

I did set up a Trailing Stop this morning - purely based on a worst case scenario of BE, so missed out on a 20 pip profit by not setting the TS earlier.

ATR 7 was 90 pips, so nowhere near hitting the Take Profit target.

--- 帖子 #1389 ---
Current Trade AUD/CAD

Entered off of the H4 Fractal Low break, which also coincided with the Day TDI cross.

TS set up this morning again as a worst case BE and has now moved to 40pips protected.  Add-On trade set up as a pending sell stop off of the current H4 Fractal Low which has a SL set above the current candle high, so worst case if the Add-On triggers and reverses will be the entire trade closes out BE.

Current Fib 61.8 has some natural resistance and is around 150pips, so looking for take profit around this level if PA stalls out.

--- 帖子 #1390 ---
Looking good - I am also on AU as a pending trade off of the current candle low

--- 帖子 #1391 ---
EUR JPY starting to look interesting on H4

--- 帖子 #1392 ---
And for those of us suffering senior moments, here is the GBP/CAD trade that I forgot to place - woulda, coulda, shoulda!  Not really, I just plain forgot to set the trade

--- 帖子 #1393 ---
Could someone clear something up for me. I see some here entering while Trend is obviously in "oversold" territory and moving up yet you sell on cross?

--- 帖子 #1394 ---
Hi, if you are referring to the gbpusd trade here is my reasoning

PA was +75%, being 89 of 95

APB had change of colour, whilst the bar size wasn't brilliant it wasn't altogether unreasonable imo

21 ma had been crossed

TDI had crossed and whilst the level was only about 50 it had been as high as 65 and was pointing down. It wsalso higher than the previous run starting mid February

slope was 4.3. just under the required 4.4

RSI was under 49 and going down

The recent top has a supply/demand zone and is also a lower high and the top of a channel starting from the beginning of the year

A support line from 12 March and 20 March has been broken,

Overall, not perfect however I felt weight of evidence warranted it. We shall see if I was correct.

Currently it has pulled back, however that is not altogether unexpected considering the support break, In hindsight, perhaps I should have put a pending order under the low of the day.

All comments welcome

Cheers

--- 帖子 #1395 ---
Oh, and one more. If I understood KingClarence's posts correctly, the TDI time line broke through the up zone, came back down and was heading towards the mid zone

--- 帖子 #1396 ---
Thanks for the reply ;-) I'm thinking of joining the thread seeing as I need a longer term trading method to complement my intraday trading...

See you all tuesday...

--- 帖子 #1397 ---
If you ever wanted to see what happens when a bunch of EMAs converge, check out AUD/USD.

21/50/100/200 are all merging which means that we have a solid price barrier.  together with the Demand Zone that formed, that will need some major PA to punch through, so I will reset my TP goal accordingly on this trade and this may well indicate a pause for the AUD pairs

--- 帖子 #1398 ---
If we are seeing the AUD lose momentum in one direction then maybe look for something going north - how about ERU/AUD.

APB colour change bar was not very impressive, although the candle reversal pattern is good.

TDI coming out of 32 zone with a fresh cross.

RSI 10 still below 50

10 and 21 EMA not really challenged with about 120pips to go before EMA 21 comes into play.

May be worth a shot from the H4 chart for the entry point, depends on whether the current channel holds.  More of a speculation set up seeing as PA is slow.

--- 帖子 #1399 ---
GBP/AUD is having a third attempt at breaking out of its recent day zone

Nice APB colour change

TDI cross confirmed

RSI 10 >50

PA leaving major Demand Zone

The major fly in the ointment is the 21EMA which has yet to be crossed and held by PA, so there may be a dynamic resistance in play here.

Entry Point would look to be a break of the recent Fractal Highs

--- 帖子 #1400 ---
Hi David, Re: GA on the Daily. One of the things that I watch for may be playing out here. I see the TDI Bollinger Bands in a Squeeze with both limbs under 50 and RSI breaking the upper band. May be an additional indication of a pending move.

--- 帖子 #1401 ---
Good point, also the Trade Signal Line is on the rise and you often see better entry points with that condition.

I would imagine that with the Easter weekend, nothing much will happen with the GBP pairs until Tuesday, so worth keeping a pending trade.

--- 帖子 #1402 ---
So after going through my trading journal and reviewing my trades.I found out that i made 323 pips last week.Best one i had in a while.Gonna keep practicing and getting better and jan 1 2014 i will be going live again.

My goal is to consistently be able to average 1000 pips a month.I know im gonna do it.

--- 帖子 #1403 ---
NFP this week ... anybody game, lol

--- 帖子 #1404 ---
I'm in ;-)

--- 帖子 #1405 ---
Good luck, I'm stying well away

--- 帖子 #1406 ---
You get the feeling that after the BOJ news, NFP will an anticlimax!

Sometimes you just need to be lucky - I was short on GJ yesterday after entering on H4 Fractal Low break and decided to close before the BOJ news just as a precaution and took 90 pips after PA stalled and pulled back 30pips.

ATR 7 was running @ 60 pips and my SL was running as a TS 50, so I had achieved my TP target of ATR 7 X 1, but was leaving it to run until the stall out.

Shame that I didn't have anything long on the yen and I wasn't able to watch the charts last night, so hope you all caught some pips.

--- 帖子 #1407 ---
Im in the following three trade

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Eur/Usd +63

Aud/Cad +21

Gbp/Aud +202

--- 帖子 #1408 ---
AUD/CAD is worth looking at

--- 帖子 #1409 ---
Hey,

Been a long time lurker on FF and wanted to introduce my self.

I have been messing about with different systems and signal services for ages but the time has come for me to stop giving my money away to someone else and make it on my own.

I first came across Big E's thread about a year and half ago, but like others here, because of work I couldnt do 4h candles. I actually started doing TMS but on daily charts recently but loosing pips but then, I stumbled across this thread with much interest last week and planning on diving right in.

I dont have alot of experience and would consider myself a noob, but im hoping that following this thread and learning from the success of you guys that this will change over time.

Now for a question

Britpip7: the chart you posted above, did you take this trade? I did but am a bit weary because of how close it is to the blue box (support/demand?) as its less then 150 pips and i remember reading that over 150 was ok.

Finders crossed I have found a system that works for me.

Happy pipping

--- 帖子 #1410 ---
Update on AUD/CAD

TP1: hit T/P for 66pips

TP2: manual exit due to retrace 40pips

Total: +106

if someone could direct me to posts about addon candles and what to look for I would be greatful

--- 帖子 #1411 ---
Hi Madpips - welcome.

I did not take the aud/cad trade - other commitments the past couple of weeks.

As ATR was 70 pips, TP1 would have successfully closed and TP2 worst case was BE.  The Supply zone was getting close, however, with it being further away than TP!, it should have had enough room.

As it turned out the Supply Zone held and the top of the box became a double top from 3/20

I'll be posting again next week.

--- 帖子 #1412 ---
Posts 754 and 801 have Add-On charts

Go to paperclip and trawl through the attachments and check out the file names

"training" and "add-on" / "add-ons" are the key words / phrases if you can get the FF search function to work

--- 帖子 #1413 ---
TDI thoughts and observations.

Generally, the TDI Mid Zone / Trade base line (blue) likes to be around the 50 level.  If it strays to the 32 / 68 zones, or even breaks through these zones, then PA will very likely reverse.

Any time the TDI Trade Signal Line and the RSI Price Line break the 32 . 68 levels, watch for reversals.

The Trade Signal line also gives some clues on where PA is heading.  the attached chart shows horizontal sky blue lines to highlight the Trade Signal Line reversing.

It is not normal to have a strong TDI entry signal if the cross goes against the direction of the Trade Signal Line.  What this means is that when the Trade Signal Line is heading down and the RSI Price Line crosses and heads up, this is probably not going to be supported by PA,

Notice how the Trade Signal Line flattens out after a trend run and once there is an APB colour change, the PA will confirm the TDI Cross.  Wait for the second candle to confirm the PA and wait for the Trade Signal Line to confirm the direction and you will have stronger entries.  Just for fun, I expanded the Indicator Window 2 to really show how this looks.

We are always looking for the silver bullet to get in earlier, however, if you can increase the probability of a successful trade entry but you have to give up 10 or 20 pips to do so, would you?

Anyway, here's another brilliant hindsight training chart that may show you how it should look - now ll you have to do is make it work on a live chart!

For back testing, use the 1 X ATR7 value for your TP1 and see how many times it is hit for your favourite pair.  Then see what happens if you use 2XATR7 for TP2.  Play with the values and keep lots of notes / spreadsheets.  Build you stats and figure out your probability of success for the settings.

Happy pip hunting

--- 帖子 #1414 ---
aud nzd looking interesting with the current Supply / Demand Zones holding.

Current Demand Zone is a 3 year low and this is the 3rd time PA has visited the zone this time around following the reversal back in February.  Still needs PA to confirm.

Trade Signal Line has flattened and is trending up and moving away from the 32.

TDI cross is not yet confirmed by PA which was heading south on Friday.

RSI 10 below 50

EMA10 not yet broken

--- 帖子 #1415 ---
EMA10? Haven't noticed that previously. Any particular reason for this one?

--- 帖子 #1416 ---
Just running some tests with the EMA10 - using it as a dynamic support/resistance on trends - breaks of the EMA10 may be exit signal on trend runs.

--- 帖子 #1417 ---
Ok, interesting. One of my earliest intros to trading taught about using the EMA9, however I forget the reasons why. I suspect each possible MA has a lot to do with personal preference

--- 帖子 #1418 ---
It works as support / resistance if combined with PA.

--- 帖子 #1419 ---
Is there any way to get the Trade Signal Line to change colour when it changes direction? Alternately, is it possible to construct a line that does this in a separate window?

I'm thinking of using this more on a weekly chart with the RSI price line for a quick and easy visual method of determining direction changes, then looking for entries in that direction on the daily chart.

There would be missed daily signals, however potentially fewer losses too, which is more important overall.

--- 帖子 #1420 ---
Here's a chart with all of the indicators that I have played around with - no data on performance or backtesting - the template is attached.

There are a few colour change indicators around - most lag the TDI considerably.

Not sure if any of these help, or whether it just throws more confusion into the arena - usually when I add stuff, it all gets too much to focus on!

--- 帖子 #1421 ---
Many thanks for both replies. The AO looks pretty close

--- 帖子 #1422 ---
Following on from posts regarding the TDI Trade Signal Line and allowing it to flatten or reverse so that when the TDI cross occurs the Trade Signal Line is heading in the same direction as PA, here's an H4 chart for review.

Because the TDI cross occurs before the APB Colour change, the entry point could be taken early, or wait until PA confirms.  As this is H4, there are multiple Add-On opportunities.

With H4 trades, I will often use the ATR 7 setting from the Day chart for TP1, so this would yield 60 pips for TP1 and TP2 plus add-ons would give you over 400pips to date.

A good example of an H4 entry followed by add-ons for pip farming

--- 帖子 #1423 ---
Watching Eur/CAD for PA to confirm TDI cross on the day chart

--- 帖子 #1424 ---
Watching for GU reversal off of the 200EMA

--- 帖子 #1425 ---
No new set ups for this week - NFP Friday morning, so lock in your pips, or sit it out until the crazy PA calms down.

--- 帖子 #1426 ---
Just a reminder to zoom out on your charts or use the weekly chat to pick up the key S/R levels.

--- 帖子 #1427 ---
Hi David,

Would you care to share the results of this system? What's the average monthly pips you have gained/lost?

--- 帖子 #1428 ---
Hi Verbal,

Not been too active the last few months due to other projects, however I am still using Day or H4 charts for entering.

Success rates in the 70% - 80% range with pip hauls in the 400 to 800 pips per month range - this week was +100 pips from 3 trades 61 / 36 / 3

Still following posts from Rick on the Pro Trader's Network as well as occasional posts from Jason Stapleton and Niall Fuller

I have slowed down the entries to coincide with the Trade Signal Line moving in the same direction as PA - no other major changes to the system

This post shows the details (Post # 1419) - http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...53#post6623553

--- 帖子 #1429 ---
Time for a training chart

Here is what I would consider one of the perfect text book entries.

Everything confirms everything else - TDI on H4 showing a Bearish set up, TDI Cross is with Trade Signal Line & Price Action heading south, PA crosses and closes below 10/21EMAs, etc. etc.

Candle close time for the signal candle was 9am PDT

Good one to commit to memory - these really strong set ups occur quite often on H4, especially where the day chart has already provided a huge clue with such a strong Supply Zone being established with PA moving south

--- 帖子 #1430 ---
Hi David, Really nice! I have learned a great deal from your work. Thanks so much for sharing. If you wanted to improve on your total monthly pips gained, what do you imagine that it might take - more time devoted to your trading or perhaps taking on more risk with a lower R/R etc, etc? Not that you need to, of course, but I am just curious. Thanks again, AG

--- 帖子 #1431 ---
AG,

Waiting for the A+ set-ups is what makes the difference, so, essentially not placing trades and hoping they work out.  Wait for PA to really confirm the move and if you are using indicators or patterns including supply and demand zones, wait for the previous candle (set up candle) to close and then either at the end of the candle or at the beginning of the new candle make your decisions.

I am placing less trades with waiting for the move to confirm, but see better results.

I would avoid the approach that increases risk - I want to see safe and boring trades.  The GU training chart that I posted was a high probability low risk trade - this is what I look for to increase my pip yields.  Managing your trades once they are in profit and giving your trades space to breathe will help as will cutting the losing trades after it is clear that the PA is not following your rules.

The two biggest reasons for traders not making profits are:

1. Cutting a profitable trade too early

2. Keeping a losing trade running for too long and hoping it will turn around (this is probably the hardest skill to perfect because nobody likes losing!!!).

--- 帖子 #1432 ---
Great feedback David. I have also been paying more attention to the Market Base Line/Signal Line crosses at extremes. Slow going but it has the added advantage of slowing an itchy finger and yeilding better trending trades.  Bob

--- 帖子 #1433 ---
Interesting. I had issues with this one because the 100 ans 21 EMA's are close support, my chart has a demand zone at 1.52655, it's in a bullish channel from 3rd March and the overall weekly trend was still very bullish.

--- 帖子 #1434 ---
not much happening tonight - watching the AUD USD for a reversal - note the TDI Mid Zone is sitting on the 32 so good chance of a PA move north.

no signals or PA to confirm anything at this time.

weekly chart starting to get close to a major Demand Zone

patience!!!

--- 帖子 #1435 ---
Thanks for the feedback David.

400 to 800 pips a months are really great even compared to professional signal providers.

One more thing: Sometimes the "economy" or the news are against our chart analysis. Of course one could be wrong in both news interpretations and analysis. For example this week Nial Fuller is expecting to go long on the cable whereas the data and news are in favor of USD. What would you choose?

--- 帖子 #1436 ---
Nothing definitive to say GU will go anywhere but down, however, the Day is approaching a strong Demand Zone and is showing a pull back candle today, so watch for a reversal pattern - same comments as AU right now - the 3 amigos are running together and they may all reverse at similar times considering they are all in Oversold territory.

--- 帖子 #1437 ---
Aud/Nzd looks interesting. TDI cross with signal line pointing in same direction- mid zone line on 32. APB colour change (although body on candle not that strong). ATR 1=73 ATR 7=68. RSI is 46 (close enough to 50?). In a demand zone with supply zone about 175 pips away. Anything that I'm missing that should be putting me off??

Cheers

Mark Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1438 ---
Mark,

If it can break and close above the Demand Zone, there is promise in it.

Day has not really done much for a while with gold being depressed for the AUD.

I am still watching and waiting for the AUD PA to pick up pace - the gold bugs will need to go on buying spree though or the Kiwis will have to lose at cricket in the current test series

RSI is still below 50, so the trend change is still getting there.

APB colour change is nice - but a Friday candle always makes me nervous

--- 帖子 #1439 ---
Ok. A couple more things to add to my checklist. Thanks David

--- 帖子 #1440 ---
Greetings All,

Been playing around with TDI and seeing what would be possible with a single screen MA approach and de-cluttering the screen.  Always looking at options for simplifying the data and the entry criteria.

This closely replicates what the TDI does with the benefit of keeping everything on the main chart - I do have RSI as a second window open for posting the RSI value in my Data screen, so displaying it as a chart is optional, but sort of defeats the objective of the single screen approach -you can always compress it -  may work better as a displayed chart on the lower timeframes.

If you backtest, always disable the fractals and be aware that the overall trend of the MAs once set are influenced by where the next candle went, so an F12 test gives you a good idea, but live testing will give different results - personally I prefer looking at the screen to see how to differentiate between good entry signals and ones that stalled out / failed.

The MA crosses are very close to the TDI - usually same candle and does on occasion filter out false TDI crosses, so worth a live experiment for forward testing - you can always add in the TDI to compare as you test.

Looking to continue with the adapted TDI rule where the slower MA has to flatten out and adopt the same direction as the PA - slightly slower entry criteria, but has more probability of success.  Looks good on Day and H4, but that would be as low as I would go on timeframes.

The usual rules on the 100/200EMAs apply - see Post #1 - also on candle patterns - engulfing / inside bar / pull back / pin bar / shooting star / hammer, all help support the entry criteria

the arrows are taken from an indicator that I think came from Lawgirl's threads and has been modified for this approach - these are more of a head's up indicator and to verify the pattern / slope of the slow MA and PA.  When you see multiple arrows of the same colour, this usually results in a move in the direction indicated.  Everything else is from my original charts.

for RSI 10, I am using <49 for shorts and >51 for longs, unless the Day entry is really strong - RSI will lag especially on the Day.

The attached chart is H1 which shows RSI 10 as a valid signal to confirm entries - so with the example on H1, each valid entry and 2 entry positions, would have yielded a total of over 200 pips over a 10 period when PA was pretty much range trading, so trading H1 and M15 is always an option in these conditions

--- 帖子 #1441 ---
Just in case any of you wanted to test this out - here's the template file and a screenshot of the active indicators

--- 帖子 #1442 ---
Based on the latest set ups, USD JPY looks interesting for a reversal - All JPY pairs are showing similar patterns

--- 帖子 #1443 ---
Training Chart on the current EUR/AUD trend for day entry and H4 Add-Ons

--- 帖子 #1444 ---
another variation on the MA cross theme

as always, lots of options - not all of them have TDI, but whenever I run test sessions, there is little difference in the results.  All down to personal preferences and trading styles in the end.

--- 帖子 #1445 ---
Interpreting the APB colour changes on Day can be challenging.

On the current GU, we have had several single day colour changes - here's how I am looking at them.

First of all, when monitoring the day charts, I will see the colour change at the end of the day, so this means that PA changed during the previous day and changed the colour, so dropping down to H4 and in some cases H1 and looking for confirmation helps me to verify what PA is doing for the next couple of candles.  This will be the start of the Asian session, so can be pretty quiet, but is worth doing.

PA breaks of the Asian channel can be very productive, but follow the major trend unless you are scalping the pause / pull back

The H4 chart also gives you Add-On options when you see a new MA cross

--- 帖子 #1446 ---
Tracking 12 pairs - check the summary chart at the start of each new day candle - look for reversal patterns - fresh APB colour changes - fresh MA crosses - fresh moves away from Support and Demand zones - drill down as appropriate

--- 帖子 #1447 ---
Looks like this is a set-up that I will run with for the live trading now that I have reformatted everything.  Depending on which timeframe I am trading on, that will be the larger chart - the others will vary accordingly

--- 帖子 #1448 ---
Bank holidays on both sides of the pond on Monday, so volume will be low unless BOJ or ECB do something dramatic.

USD GDP is next week, however NFP does not happen until June 7th, so not on 1st Friday and will catch a lot of people out in 2 weeks!

--- 帖子 #1449 ---
Test for 2-7MA versus TDI - tried copying a word doc, which is a train wreck with the formatting, so it is attached as a pdf.

Draw your own conclusions

--- 帖子 #1450 ---
I plan to run this as a live test for the next few months to see how the MA Cross performs in parallel to the TDI - watch this space

--- 帖子 #1451 ---
Possible signs of current trend losing steam with RSI 10 showing Bearish trend

--- 帖子 #1452 ---
Woo hoo, EURUSD long from the 22nd finally took out TP 1 and moved stop loss to B/E+

--- 帖子 #1453 ---
The interesting issue now is;

What to do,

with TP2.

.3210 is the aim

but there could be more to gain

Looking at a weekly test

I can see an H & S

So, should I just let it go.

or set the target as point three five oh?

--- 帖子 #1454 ---
Or, you could just manage your SL on the H4 and see how far it can run - use the low from a recent fractal or the low for 2 or 3 candles previous to the current candle.

--- 帖子 #1455 ---
Hi All, just another newbie checking in to say hello. Finally finished reading all 73 pages, and there's a lot to take in! There are some great insights in to the market, and this thread highlights a great system. I've relatively new to forex, been studying TA intensively for the last 6 months, and have been looking for a good position trading strat to use (around my day job). I guess my personal insight in to forex currently is that the TA theory side of things is relatively easy to learn / understand, for me the hardest thing to do currently is put the theory in to practice, in context, with the right pyschological approach.

Anyway, Britpip, great thread, and I look forward to learning more from you, and the others on here!

--- 帖子 #1456 ---
Welcome to the thread - I post and trade when time commitments allow and this seems to work for me, hopefully this approach allows you to do the same.

--- 帖子 #1457 ---
Just a couple of questions from me initially (hoping to post some potential set-ups with and for commentary soon):

1) How do we define ATR(1) - Is it the distance in pips between the high and low of the last completed candle?

2) Do we only enter on a TDI cross (with all other conditions met) or can we enter on a bounce? Or are bounces just for add-ons?

Thanks guys

--- 帖子 #1458 ---
AUD/CAD is not one of my preferred pairs, just because the CAD seems to have a mind if its own - hence its nickname the loonie!

Anyway, current set up

Positives

APB colour change - great shape / size

PA moving away from the Support Zone

Supporting signal arrow

MA 2-7 cross

TDI confirmation with Trade Signal Line moving in same direction as PA

Negatives

RSI >51

PA has not broken below previous day low

It's Friday and 06:30 PDT - probably not much further PA today

one to watch

--- 帖子 #1459 ---
Moot point now as price keeled over and took out the stop ... still for a profit though .

Thinking a pending long above the high, to catch any further move, with the stop below the 4h fractal.

--- 帖子 #1460 ---
Back in. Pity about the negative swap as this could potentially go a long way

--- 帖子 #1461 ---
Currently playing with GBP/NZD.

Missed the initial move (family visiting) which would have taken a DD of over 200pips on Monday, so would probably have got stopped out after TP1 would have been hit - I am now in the current push.

Original trade entry analysis:

Positives:

Arrow confirmation

RSI >51

2/7 cross

TDI cross

PA breaks Fractal High

PA closes above 200EMA

PA moves away from Demand Zone

Couldn't see anything on the negative side!

Current Push - dropping to H4 to pick up what would have been Add-On trades (I entered as the APB was changing colour on the 04:00 candle.

Positives:

2/7 cross on H4 (day 2/7 bounce)

RSI>51

Bounce off of Asian Low

current concern is that H4 is reaching overbought, so look for pullback signals and then maybe another push and another H4 entry.

--- 帖子 #1462 ---
Could someone please give me guidance to find the details of the 2-7MA Cross: Which type of ma is used and which data (0pen or Close)?

Thank you

--- 帖子 #1463 ---
Wouldn't the initial TMS day cross being well above 50, instead of coming up from 32, be a negative?

--- 帖子 #1464 ---
Post #1

--- 帖子 #1465 ---
That would indeed be a negative - sorry - got carried away with it after the trade hit

--- 帖子 #1466 ---
USD JPY has a series of Inside Bars accompanied by a double bottom on Day / H4.

Waiting for a break of the Mother Candle to see whether we go short or long.  With RSI currently sitting below 49, my choice would be for a continuation - but then what do I know?

--- 帖子 #1467 ---
Thank you for your kind reply. Post 1 is very impressive - as all of your postings,which I followed since a long time. Still I seem to be unable to find details about the properties of those 2 MAs. I remember having seen posts describing and recommending this as a replacement for the TDI. But I can`t find it again.

I plan to use this as a replacement for the TDI on platforms, which make it impossible to replicate the TDI (i.e. Dealbook).

Thank you

--- 帖子 #1468 ---
Sorry - my error.

Please start at post 1446 for 2/7 approach

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...78#post6706878

--- 帖子 #1469 ---
Apparently I was correct - And look what it did - over 200pips - anyone catch this?  not me

--- 帖子 #1470 ---
Lol, and no one else has ever done that. Mate, love your work

--- 帖子 #1471 ---
The Jpy's have been pretty dodgy lately, so it's not one I'd feel bad about missing. did get the move on the eurusd though

--- 帖子 #1472 ---
Possibly some reversal patterns to watch for with APB colour changes - if there are gaps on market open, I will wait for the new day candle.

--- 帖子 #1473 ---
Many of the big trend runs are reaching major price zones, so caution on following the trends with new entries.  Let the markets have a breather and see where the move takes them with the new week.

--- 帖子 #1474 ---
Nothing to really confirm a reversal on GU, however it is moving away from a reasonably strong price zone.  PA has closed and remained above 200EMA, so this may just be a pause.

--- 帖子 #1475 ---
Interesting observation on swap fees. Supposedly if a trade in one direction would give a negative swap, a trade in the other direction would give a positive swap, right?

On demo account I placed a buy chfjpy order, just for .01 lots, on the 22nd April. It has no swap. A week later on the 29th April I placed a corresponding sell order. It has a minus 43c swap.

Small change, but disappointing.

--- 帖子 #1476 ---
From what I understand (sketchy at best), if a trade closes the first day of trading in the red, the swap fee goes negative,   if a trade closes the first day of trading in the black, the swap fee goes positive - not sure if that is the correct definition of how it works

--- 帖子 #1477 ---
I think that is correct, so it should affect all trades on that currency pair, in opposite directions if they are long or short

--- 帖子 #1478 ---
Possible entry signal on NZD/CHF

Positives:

APB colour change - good candle shape - large candle, so possible pull back initially before a move north

2/7 cross - on current day candle - Trade Signal Line following PA

Confirmation arrow

PA crossed and closed above 7MA

TDI cross from 32

PA has pulled a significant amount away from 100/200EMA with a current gap of 340pips

PA moving away from Demand Zone on Weekly chart

Negatives:

RSI below 51

Current move has travelled 250 pips

Still strong day trend down, so possible pause before continuation

--- 帖子 #1479 ---
An addition to the negatives would be BRN of 0.7500 - I have me pending buy set above this.

--- 帖子 #1480 ---
Hard one to pick. Weekly chart had a pullback, however it didn't close above the 200 EMA. There's also a zone of very choppy movement between .74 and .76

--- 帖子 #1481 ---
Not much to report this week apart from a bunch of ranging and false alerts!

EJ and UJ looking for a break north

EJ Positives

2/7 cross in play

ABP colour change with good candle size

Confirmation Arrow

Cross and Close above EMA89

TDI cross with Trade Signal Line up

EJ Negatives

RSI sulking below 49

--- 帖子 #1482 ---
UJ Positives

ABP colour change with good candle size

Confirmation Arrow

Cross and Close above EMA89

TDI cross with Trade Signal Line up from the 32

UJ Negatives

RSI way below 49

No 2/7 cross - PA has not yet crossed and closed above 7EMA

No confirmation arrow

--- 帖子 #1483 ---
GU Positives
2/7 cross in play
ABP colour change with good candle size
Confirmation Arrow
Cross and Close above EMA89
TDI cross from 68 with Trade Signal Line down

GU Negatives
RSI sitting at 61
Price currently 100 pips above 200EMA and 21EMA

--- 帖子 #1484 ---
FOMC news is on Wednesday - when the market consolidates, this is often a kick start - watch your entries and Stop Loss settings.

--- 帖子 #1485 ---
Tough one to call - last time AUD/JPY got stuck on a price it was back in the end of May.  PA was hanging around 97.00 with RSI lurking around 25.  When it did move it ran lower.

Now we see PA holding at 90.00 with RSI again lurking in the 25-30 range.  This is a strong price for consolidation, but no real signals for direction at this time, even though everything is screaming Demand Zone and for a bounce higher.

May be a good time for a hedge trade and place pending buy on this pair with a pending sell on possibly NZD/JPY and pray to the Forex gods that there are no honking great PA spikes.

--- 帖子 #1486 ---
For those of us eagerly awaiting the reversals of the AUD based currencies, bear in mind the link to gold.  AUD is a commodity based currency and closely follows gold.  CAD does a similar thing with oil.

Gold has had a long run up and was fueled in part by world economies faltering.  As these economies recovered, gold lost its appeal.  So, for AUD to reverse, gold needs to have some strength.  Maybe G8 and FOMC may shed some light on the directions, but PA is still key.

AUD could just as easily continue recent trend runs.  Wait for clear breaks of current ranges and keep your money management tight.

--- 帖子 #1487 ---
Annnd they're off ... in the way out wacky races, lol.

E/U S2 long got stopped out, but with a nice profit. Actually did  some add ins with this one too. G/U pending short kicked in. Under the circumstances, decided to close S1 and move S2 to break even. If it continues, ll well and good. If not, can always get back in later. Feels good when a plan comes together.

--- 帖子 #1488 ---
Nicely done - lots of blood earlier with the lower time frame traders seeing some huge draw downs - patience is a virtue

--- 帖子 #1489 ---
Hi.

Have been learning tms for a few months now and having been a day chart trader years ago and having an amount of regard for fundamentals and medium term trends, I have decided to use Big E's method on day chafts.

I have been attempting TMS $hr trades with some reasonable success but have limited myself to trading with the trend - basically just an overview of medium term trend.

Do you guys trade counter trend on the day charts and what is the difference in your method if you do ?

Have not had time to read the whole thread but basically will use PA, the trend, s&p based on lows and highs and perhaps FIB plus of course TDI and Stochs.

- and of course Synergy candles.

Does that sound reasonable or is there a simpler better combo?

Cheers

Andy

--- 帖子 #1490 ---
Andy,

Welcome to the thread.  As this Day and occasionally H4, we are looking for reversals / swing trades and add-ons with the H4 to trend runs.  Review the recent charts posted to get an idea of the analysis and the patterns.

Post # 1 is up to date - read that along with the referenced posts and you should be on the right track.

Happy pip hunting

--- 帖子 #1491 ---
Considering that several moves occurred leading up to and after FOMC, look for Add-Ons on the H4.

Although the temptation is there to dive into a trend that is running, wait for the signals to confirm.

--- 帖子 #1492 ---
USD looks to be considering a move higher, so USD/CHF is a reasonable candidate.

Positives - Day Chart

Strong APN colour change candle

2/7 MA cross in process

Confirmation arrow

TDI cross from 32 with Trade Signal Line following PA

Negatives

TDI sulking below 51

PA stalling on new candle

EMA89/200 110 pips above PA, so TP1 should be set just under that level!

H4 Chart has a new Fractal High set, so another option is to take an entry on the fractal break.

--- 帖子 #1493 ---
If you take the general argument that AUD and CAD are both commodity based currencies, then it becomes a battle between gold and oil.

Currently the H4 is showing a downtrend on the TDI with a recent cross and a break of the 6-11 Fractal Low would be a good entry point with RSI 10 already below 49.

--- 帖子 #1494 ---
Eur/CAD is showing a TDI divergence which may be worth watching for entry points on H4

Positives - Day

TDI Divergence with a bounce off of the Weekly Resistance area / Supply Zone

TDI cross in process with Trade Signal Line heading lower

PA showing initial signs of reversal pattern

Negatives - Day

No 2/7MA cross

RSI 10 still high

H4 entry possibilities on break of recent Fractal Low and RSI 10 dropping below 49

--- 帖子 #1495 ---
Thought I'd put up a chart of my E/U trades for thought and comment. The only regret was getting nervous and closing the final short on Friday, along with two on the G/U, when  areversal occurred on the 4H chart

--- 帖子 #1496 ---
Friday's 4H

--- 帖子 #1497 ---
usdcad 4hr sell at 1.04999 looking for turn around on daily.

--- 帖子 #1498 ---
Looks good with a fractal low break

--- 帖子 #1499 ---
AU looking to break north

--- 帖子 #1500 ---
Daily upmove is still hugely strong though

--- 帖子 #1501 ---
Looks like most pairs are going sideways right now - nothing new worth watching.

--- 帖子 #1502 ---
Hi Britpip just looking into your new template, where do I get the daily lines boxes and cross arrow wit alerts indicators from? Did a google and got nothing.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #1503 ---
Short looking a lot more promising. Weekly currently forming a doji

--- 帖子 #1504 ---
Attached

I have this set on H4 and lower to track the new day candle / Asian high/low

--- 帖子 #1505 ---
Hi Guys,

i have moved across from the TMS H4 thread as i dont have the time on charts these days,

can i ask - what settings you use for the MTF RSI bar graph ?

i think the daily TF may suit my needs,

i have read everything front to back and ready to trade Monday.

many thanks

nelly

--- 帖子 #1506 ---
Be careful tradng next week as there is some big news events, 4th of July holiday in the US and NFP Fri. Personally I'm taking the week off but others may find decent trades.

--- 帖子 #1507 ---
Nelly - set for RSI 10

--- 帖子 #1508 ---
Hi Britpip,

thanks for the reply, i managed to figure most of it out like the time frames and RSI 10, just wondering do i leave everything else as default like RSI price = 0 etc.

i can keep up with this thread i think - as its a little slower than the original TMS thread which when you close your eyes and come back to it there are pages of new posts to read...

i will try and post a chart, but something i did pick up from TMS was using two ema,s similar to what you do with the 2-7 - but using 3 & 18 -

if tdi green crosses the 50 line with 5,3,3 stochs below 50, rsi below 50 - and the 3 & 18 ema cross, price will continue that way ....

same other way round for buy.

i will try and post a chart now so you see

thanks Nelly

--- 帖子 #1509 ---
3 & 18 ema

--- 帖子 #1510 ---
Many thanks. So you only use this indicator on  4H time frame?

--- 帖子 #1511 ---
Once I have a clear entry set up on the day chart, I will verify H4 for an entry point - don't often look much lower unless the currencies are trading in a tight range.  Always useful to see where the lower TFs are heading after the Higher TF set up

--- 帖子 #1512 ---
EU showing possible up tick on Day

Positives

APB colour change - small candles

MA2/7 cross in process

Fresh TDI cross -

PA attempting to leave Demand Zone

Negatives

100/200 EMA running together with PA

RSI 10 below 51

TDI Trade Signal still heading lower - waiting for it to head north

H4 showing RSI 10 above 51, so confirming the Day, however lower level RSI 10s sitting on 50, so possible pending trade for a buy stop above last Fractal High

--- 帖子 #1513 ---
Guys, don't let this tread die.

GA seems to be due for a pull back. Is there a HS forming?

--- 帖子 #1514 ---
Long way from death - possibly on life support but still alive and kicking

GA is definitely sideways right now.  The 21 EMA is holding on well as a dynamic support, however, RSI and TDI both show a downward tendancy.  Possible break of recent Fractal Low would be a great confirmation.  Break and close blow the EMA 21 would be even beetterer

--- 帖子 #1515 ---
Hi Britpip7,

Good simple method don't die. Good traders + good old simple method will make this thread go on and on.

It is up to members who trade TMS on D chart to post their trades for sharing and to discuss here.

GBPAUD - allow me to add my chart and thoughts here on what I see.

3 month bullish rally ended in June. This month July is critical month as corporate 2Q corporate results are known and will be out in this month. Big companies know how well they did in 2Q. ... so they will report soon.

A 50% correction of June rally will yield a good 300pips trade if we find a good LTF entry or we wait for the correction to happen then see if the bullish rally continues.

Good Trading TMS folks.

--- 帖子 #1516 ---
Good simple method don't die. Good traders + good old simple method will make this thread go on and on.

It is up to members who trade TMS on D chart to post their trades for sharing and to discuss here.

emmanuel - is that the 5ma PAC you use in the TMS thread?

--- 帖子 #1517 ---
Hi David,

Thanks again for a very helpful Thread. I suspect that lots of lurkers feel the same way. I am very interested also in the Aussie pairs, but while a turn seems close for several, AU, EA, GA, AC and AF, its not quite time yet. Because I am only interested in trying to pick up multi Week trends, I am waiting for the Weekly TDI to turn first, preferably closer to 32, 68 rather than 50, with a HA candle color switch. Then Price needs to Close on the far side of the 21 EMA - better still a 5,21 EMA cross. In my very brief experience all successful Trends have this configuration. Even so not all will succeed.

Best, AG

--- 帖子 #1518 ---
hi piprac,

yes, that PAC is set to 5 period Smoothed MA using the High and Low to create the channel.

It is useful to see when price is in range then breaks out to trending.

regards,

EMMANUEL

--- 帖子 #1519 ---
AG,

I certainly see the same when PA breaks and closes above the 21EMA for a long trend - usually a first reversal does not achieve this, however, you will mostly see this after an initial pull back followed by a pause and then the second push will break and close above the 21EMA - these are often times stronger moves.

--- 帖子 #1520 ---
took this trade this morning,

any comments welcome.

nelly

--- 帖子 #1521 ---
seems to be a good bounce of the trendline, and also HTF direction confirms

personally currently i'm being very selective with trades - perhaps too selective - in that  im only taking short TDI crosses near the 68 level and long TDI crosses near the 32 (along with the other factors such as HTF confirmation, S/R, swing reversal after a big move  etc)

its really reducing the number of my trades but i seem to be getting more consistency, trying to basically catch swing reversals.

please keep us posted on this trade

--- 帖子 #1522 ---
Hi Nelly, just before I was ready to send this message, I've seen your SL was hit. Sorry to see that.

If I have to analyze this trade, I see a huge divergence at the top between PA and the TDI peaks. There was 3 months of rise and an "evening star" formation on the top.

I think it is heading South....

--- 帖子 #1523 ---
Hi David,

Reminds me of years ago when the McClellans talked about waiting for a buy spike on their oscillator when trading equities. Takes lots of patience for the longer trends. Even a solid TDI cross on the Weekly usually needs to prove itself with continuing strong separation as RSI and the Signal cross through 50. Frequently I see that to be the best entry configuration with the highest likelihood for multiple add-ons. Even more so if this is preceeded by a period of low volatility in proximity to the 200 MA. I know, lots of requirements, but the payoff can be huge even if only a few times a year.

Best, AG

--- 帖子 #1524 ---
yup,

it went south on me...... and moved pretty quick,

looking back, I did take the trade a little too early - as I usually like to wait until bottom set of stoch,s yellow line crosses the 50 mark, or is above already with the RSI,

oh well.....

nelly

--- 帖子 #1525 ---
you should have looked at the W1 chart and form a bias before you decide to take a D1 trade .

--- 帖子 #1526 ---
Hi Emmanuel,

I realise this now -

well - I realise I should have every time - must have had a brain fart on this one....

nelly

--- 帖子 #1527 ---
nellycopter i would highly recommened indicator known as 'tms matrix'

you can instantly see the bias for 3 timeframes which you can set, i set mine to daily, weekly and monthly, its the bottom indicator on the screenshot

download link:

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthread.php?t=294501

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1528 ---
I always saw this as a nice to have on the screen, but it didn't really help on entries / exits as the colour change lags PA too much.  As I run all of my cart analysis on Daily charts, the weekly is easy to see and if I need to check the H4 for a better entry and the recent fractals, then I'll drop down a TF.

--- 帖子 #1529 ---
Nelly,

You are entering long after what is a pullback candle on the Day?

Also, Trade signal Line was always heading south.  My preference would be to set an entry point above the Day high for a long entry after an APB colour change, but with no 2/7 cross and the TDI issue - dodgy!

--- 帖子 #1530 ---
This is a trade on the usdjpy I took this week put apart from the normal signals I waited for a break above the purple support line, then placed the pending orange entry above hight of the break. It worked well except that I got out of the first part early because I'd been reading on other sites about the yen doing a big reversal.

Lost the lost by trying to be clever on the audjpy with a long to catch the turn on the weekly chart. Stops were too close and lost the lot

--- 帖子 #1531 ---
Ok, listening to other sites does have some positives. This is a weekly chart of the e/u showing some very interesting longer term moves that I completely missed.A head and shoulders with continuations on both sides. Add in a look at what happened on the monthly frame and I think this is an interesting one to watch for what could potentially happen next

--- 帖子 #1532 ---
any comments guys ?

good bad or ugly

--- 帖子 #1533 ---
ooops

--- 帖子 #1534 ---
Hi Nell,  ooopd? Why oops? I'm a bit lost with all the info on your chart, however a look at a weekly view is pretty good.

--- 帖子 #1535 ---
Another weekly view looking positive, although the RSI is low and the trade signal still downwards. The horizontal lines are Fibs various lows going back to 2008

--- 帖子 #1536 ---
Hi Buttonjock,

i have a few more indi's on my chart just to try and make things better for myself, although - i do like everyone else seems to - try it - dump it and try something else,

the ema,s are 3,7,18 and then the 55,100& 200.

like the 2 & 7 the 3 & 7 act very much the same - but the purple 18, if the yellow 3 crosses it - trend direction changes - as the author put it one billion times out of a billion......

looking at a chart - it acts very similar to the tdi green line - when it crosses the 50 line , the yellow (3) crosses the (18)

bottom set of stochs i picked up from trading with stochs thread, the yellow dots do help to tell if the trend is to continue, there are two sets of stocks on one window - (marked in the corner)

other than that it all is as TMS, Tdi with 8,3,3 overlaid, RSI 10 bar chart... etc...

nelly.

--- 帖子 #1537 ---
The oooops was forgot to atatch chart....

that trade is 73 pips in profit 9am gmt.

--- 帖子 #1538 ---
Hi guys,

After long time lurking activities in the original TMS thread I stumbled upon this one, which probably fits me a lot better.

I do not have a huge amount of time to put into this, since I'm a student, and we all know students have a lot of "extra curricular" activities involving alcohol .

I monitored a few pairs for the last two weeks, and executed my first demo trades this week, risking 3% per trade (which is actually quite a lot IMO).

First trade EURNZD, +350pips, SL @200pips

2nd Trade EURAUD, +140pips, SL @BE

--- 帖子 #1539 ---
nice trades pipwoofer, keep us posted. i am also finding this method and timeframe suits me better, all i have to do is literally look at my charts for 5 minutes everyday, and select only the high probability trades.

one thing to remember about a swing strategy like this is the old adage *let the winners run*. this is the key to tms  for day charts, often winners will run and run and run

--- 帖子 #1540 ---
Hey everyone, really appreciate this thread for day trading. I love the TMS system, but can't do 4H time frame on the London open because I have sleeping problems, and interrupting  my sleep a couple times a night is a big no no for me. I do have a few questions about the indicators however, they should be pretty simple. I just want to make sure I have everything down pat before I start demo trading.

For the 100, 200, and 21 EMAs that are mentioned. What do you set the shift to? Default is 2, do you just keep it at that?

For the TDI indicator, I downloaded it and only the green and red lines showed up in the default. I changed the colors of the other lines, so now I have the 5 lines (2 channel lines + base line). Is this all the tinkering that is needed?

For the ATR, is it possible to get both the ATR 1 and ATR 7 to show up at the same time? I ask because my charts only display one of them if I input 2. So I have to close one to look at the other and vice versa.

Does the supply demand indicator in the first post need any tinkering? Or is it good to go?

Lastly, how exactly do you overlay the RSI(10) with the TDI indicator? Can I just use the standard RSI indicator that comes with my broker in the MT4 platform?

Thanks a lot for your help, happy trading.

--- 帖子 #1541 ---
Hi nellycopter, why use the 3 and 7 and not 5 and 8 EMA?

what color is your 7?

--- 帖子 #1542 ---
Hi

No shifts on the emas

I do have shift of 1 on thr 7 ema

Tdi sounds good

For atr set atr 1 first and then repeat for atr 7 - only atr 7 will show on the chrt - atr 1 will display in the data window

You can drag the rsi into a chrt window from the indicators - ill post it when I have access to mt4 later tonight

--- 帖子 #1543 ---
So why are you using 5 / 8 ema?

--- 帖子 #1544 ---
I'm not, just asking a Q.

--- 帖子 #1545 ---
RSI 10 will track the RSI Price Line if you add it to the TDI window.

All you have to do is to open the Navigator, locate the RSI and drag it into the TDI window

--- 帖子 #1546 ---
I have looked at 3/5, 5/8, 2/7. 3/7, etc, so this is a forward test to see how this pair of EMAs performs against the TDI.  Current results indicate it stacks up well against TDI - no huge advantage at this time.

What may happen is that I will probably keep the 7 and the confirmation arrows - time will tell all.

--- 帖子 #1547 ---
i cant remember what thread i got the 3 / 18 ema from -

it may have been the MTF made simple... but not sure, i was using this (yellow) 3 and (pink)18 which when cross trade continues, but then picked up earlier trades using Britpips 7 ema as well,

i did change the 3 to 2 - but didnt make much difference so went back to the three -

so in essence i have cobbled three ema,s together from two different guys.

hope this clarifies what i am trying to do with the ema,s

nelly

--- 帖子 #1548 ---
EURNZD SELL, SL hit at +200pips

EURAUD SELL, SL hit at BE.

Currently waiting for a good re-entry if possible. I guess I tried to secure my profits a little bit too fast.

--- 帖子 #1549 ---
Thanks Nelly

--- 帖子 #1550 ---
Looking at the next move on the U/J? RSI  is maybe a little high and TMS didn't quite reach the 68

--- 帖子 #1551 ---
One more. Potential divergence in E/A? Looking for break below current low

--- 帖子 #1552 ---
FOMC is driving the current PA, so once the markets settle I'll be looking for new entries - I'll post charts as the opportunity arrises

--- 帖子 #1553 ---
E/A is still in a downtrend, so new entries will be possible on H4 Fractal Low breaks

--- 帖子 #1554 ---
Good luck interpreting signals on EU - depends on whether you believe that this is a trend turn or just an FOMC reaction which will slowly retrace over the next few days.

Watch on lower timeframes for entries.

--- 帖子 #1555 ---
EA looks to have a downward channel of around 350pips.

Day trend had the FOMC blip, but nothing to suggest a long entry at this time

--- 帖子 #1556 ---
GU now has some very clear PA sticking points - 4800 / 5000 / 5200 / 5400 /5600 and possibly 5800 - anyone see a pattern?

--- 帖子 #1557 ---
Perhaps an entry opportunity for a further downward move,?

--- 帖子 #1558 ---
If the far right hand side of the chart mimmicks the far left hand side then a double bottom was formed and price could move up through several S/R areas, and of course could be stopped or reversed at one, to become a dbl top at 1.5750 or thereabouts.

--- 帖子 #1559 ---
Circumstances may change, however I found this channel on a weekly G/U interesting

--- 帖子 #1560 ---
Ok, pending order below current low on th U/J

APB colour change to red

PA moves with ATR(1) at 75% or higher of ATR(7)

RSI moving below 49

TDI cross within the last 1 or 2 candles and moving down from the 68 region

Break of a fractal high

A lower high than the previous high

Reversal of SD zone

High slope value

--- 帖子 #1561 ---
Still not sure - my brain is ruling the heart right now and keeping me out - maybe more PA and I'll come and play

--- 帖子 #1562 ---
Following on from last weeks major moves and then the FOMC bloodbath, GU may be the best option for a continued pull back

Positives

PA moving and closing below the Supply Zone

RSI below 49

Negatives

No crosses on 2/7 or TDI

TDI Trade Signal Line moving higher

No APB colour changes

H4 has better entry signals at this time - This is an early entry signal, so trade with caution - market may gap on opening, so we'll see where it takes us

--- 帖子 #1563 ---
EA is still bullish, however, there is a strong Supply Zone in play and PA is on its 3rd attempt to break higher in the past month, so possible bounce lower - most indicators are showing overbought.

H4 is showing the current range from Friday close to the 200EMA as 500+ pips, so I would advise trading on the H4 at this time.

--- 帖子 #1564 ---
GB/NZD may give more opportunities for higher moves on the Day

Positives

PA moving away from 100/200EMA

2/7 cross

TDI cross - TDI Trade Signal Line is heading up - needs PA to continue north!

APB colour change

Day PA close HH / HL for 3 days

Negatives

PA stalled - Thursday and Friday closes are below the highs for both days

RSI stuck at 49

as usual watch the PA, this could just as easily be rolling over.

--- 帖子 #1565 ---
AUD/CAD has broken the Fractal Lows and is still heading lower.

TDI is close to its oversold area and is showing Convergence to PA.

H4 would give the impression of a reversal to a long position, supporting the day TDI / PA pattern, so going to watch this on H4 for confirmation of a move higher

--- 帖子 #1566 ---
Your brain's got the goods on the U/J this one. Well picked

--- 帖子 #1567 ---
sometimes even the blind squirrel finds a nut

--- 帖子 #1568 ---
Most reversals lost their steam, so can now be downgraded to pauses / pull backs.

AUD pairs show the strongest tendency to reverse at the moment, however, watch the PA for stalls and manage your trades closely.

JPY pairs are ranging and are running along key EMAs such as the 100, so waiting for a clear break away.

The EA / GA / ENZD / GNZD have larger ranges - up to 600 pips, so are worth looking at on lower timeframes - start with H4 for reversals off of the range H/L.

AUD/CAD is worth watching to see if we get continuation, but it is still not breaking through the EMA21.

Patience!!!

--- 帖子 #1569 ---
AUD/CAD from an H4 perspective with a strong channel

--- 帖子 #1570 ---
USD/CHF is looking to break lower on the day with the 200ema acting as current support - watching on H4 for the break lower

--- 帖子 #1571 ---
Hi Britpip,

the way you use the 21ema is very much like the 3 & 18 ema that i got from another thread,

having your 7ema included does give good trade signals - if 3 cross 7 and then proceed to cross the 18 then hey presto were off.....

just my two penny worth as i am still learning.....

no charts to post as cant find a trade this week..

nelly

--- 帖子 #1572 ---
Hi Nelly,

Today looks like we get some PA confirmation on the day charts, so patience may be rewarded.  I have nothing open so far this week - tempted, but sticking to the trading plan

--- 帖子 #1573 ---
Britpip any thoughts on AUDUSD ??? weekly tdi crossed up from the 32 level, daily just crossed with colour change & ris(10) @55.4

cant seem to be able to upload chart - its been security scan the file for ages now....

--- 帖子 #1574 ---
Looking at the chart, PA has now broken EMA21 and all indicators are showing long.  Generally following last night's RBA news, the AUD pairs are running well.

--- 帖子 #1575 ---
Are there any negatives that you can see with this entry point ? Would you wait for the break of the fractal ?

nelly

--- 帖子 #1576 ---
Only one that I can see would be the zones created during the pullbacks from the down trend, but these only really take effect when there is a tie in with the weekly price stalls - the nearest resistance on weekly is 100+pips away, so looking good.  Not waiting for the Day Fractal high to be broken

--- 帖子 #1577 ---
I now focus on 12 pairs and have these on 12 up charts for PA and TDI - I have these set up in Profles and have them set for Day / H4 and H1.

It's easy to set up - go to profiles and click on Default.

Create a chart and save it as a template - right click and go to Template and Save Template.

Open 12 new charts for the pairs you trade - doesn't have to be 12 - your choice - and set them up from your template folder to the chart set up that you use and then go to Window and click Tile Vertically.  then save the profile.

You can scan the day and h4 profiles for TDI activity / crosses, then go to the PA profile and then click on the pair that has crossed and trade away.

--- 帖子 #1578 ---
Waiting for the current day candles to close on a bunch of pairs before setting up entry points...

Patience...

--- 帖子 #1579 ---
Interesting looking channels and divergence too. Very positive weekly chart forming as well. I believe the PA has three inverted hammers (?), last weeks being engulfing? I think my only concern would be not having a higher close than the previous week as there's a fair bit of potential resistance around .9300

--- 帖子 #1580 ---
Heads Up - As the H4 candle enters its final hour before the day candle closes, there is a pullback in play.

If we see PA going lower in the Asian session, this may well turn into a channel range for PA.  Current channel range is 250 pips.  ATR7 is 140pips.

If you are entering with 2 positions, I would recommend setting TP1 at around 100pips and moving to BE once you get 30 to 40 pips ahead.  BRN and weekly support at 0.9000.

Same caution applies on other pairs.

--- 帖子 #1581 ---
Hi David,

I am a big fan of this approach but because I am looking for the longer term Trends, I add the Weekly TF for a bigger picture view. I also smooth the HA candles, n=2, for starker contrasts. The best Trends will then be a bit easier to spot with persistent color change, growing candles and the absence of near side wicks. The reappearance of near side wicks can be a clue that time may be growing short for the Trend long before a color change. I hope that you do not mind, but I have enclosed an example.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Best,  AG

--- 帖子 #1582 ---
AG - that'll work

--- 帖子 #1583 ---
for those of us in the USA and unable to hedge our trades there is always the possibility of placing a buy on the AU and a sell on the ACAD - just for giggles

--- 帖子 #1584 ---
If you use these 2 SCRIPTS you don't have to change Profiles, just change the time frame with a few clicks, then change the Template with a few more clicks

It helps if your Templates are on top of the list, the Scripts count from Zero - 0, so if your Template is at the very top, no need to enter a number when it is run

Time frame is the usual MT4 convention in minutes, eg 15, 60, 240, 1440

Hope that helps someone

--- 帖子 #1585 ---
Thank you so much - looks really great

--- 帖子 #1586 ---
hi Guys,

do most people look at other time frames up and down from the daily to find the entry point and or is it just experience that means you don't have to ??

Britpip, I think I read that you (I may be wrong, it may not have been you) at the beginning of this thread said that you don't look at lower time frames - you base all your trades on the daily chart. (apologies if not you)((didn't want to have to re-read 70pages......))

I think I may be looking and analysing the H4 and weekly too much ?? and seeing conflicting info !

any guidance for a newbie would be very much appreciated.

anyone willing to share a trade plan -

Regards folks

Nelly.

--- 帖子 #1587 ---
As much as I'm still learning this system, I find looking at the weekly charts helpful for a longer term trend.

--- 帖子 #1588 ---
I make all of me trade decisions from the Day charts.  I may additionally use the H4 to find a better entry point, but the day charts tell me all I need.

--- 帖子 #1589 ---
I'll use the weekly charts for S/R levels and then set those on each chart so that they show on the day charts - trends always start on the lower timeframes, so it takes a while to show up as a trend on the week.

--- 帖子 #1590 ---
Here's an example of drawing the S/R levels onto the weekly from my perspective that is

Drop down to day chart (or lower TF) and then you see the usual cart time frame boxes for Supply & Demand Zones plus the Weekly S/R levels.  It is always good to have the info on the screen and then you can add to it as new weekly S/R levels are established

--- 帖子 #1591 ---
Watching for something to happen with gold that will cause AUD to think about moving - still one huge trend down for Gold

Gold at $1200 is at a S/R level form 2010, so maybe we will see a bounce.  with general fundamentals being talked up, gold is having a rough time of as is AUD.

AUD/CHF could still have a way to go - 1300 pips to the June 2011 low

--- 帖子 #1592 ---
Well after a brief hiatus im back.Glad to see you guys still at it.Havent looked at a chart or traded in months lol.I feel like im starting over.

--- 帖子 #1593 ---
Not a bad place to start from - welcome back

--- 帖子 #1594 ---
Unable to trade this week due to health issues, but back in the game again.

GU is looking to push higher and is breaking some key price areas

We now have a price close above recent day highs, so 4 higher closes in the past 4 days - HH / HC / HL - looks like a trend, feels like a trend - maybe worth a serious look after market open and the gap.

RSI has now pushed above 51

RSI Trade Signal Line continues up with the TDI Bounce

It will be interesting to see if the 100EMA has an impact on PA, but the upside is 400pips to the next S/R level.

--- 帖子 #1595 ---
EJ may have reached a Resistance level as it ended Friday with a Hanging Man candlestick pattern which is often a short term reversal heads up, so one to watch for next week.

--- 帖子 #1596 ---
For any of you wondering about candlestick reversal patterns, these were posted from Post # 1, however, a google search for images can be very productive

"images candlestick patterns" is your key phrase and the add on with "reversal" or "hammer" or "hanging man" and the list goes on

https://www.google.com/search?q=imag...w=1600&bih=775

--- 帖子 #1597 ---
hi Britpip,

GBPJPY is showing  a hammer sort of candle close on friday - after a strong move up for a few days prior -

i cant find anywhere - what (if this is a hammer) it means in the position its in.

can you shed any light on this for me ?

nelly

--- 帖子 #1598 ---
ah - i have found something like - but the hanging man on the GJ is green still not red as in this -

mmmmmmmmmm

--- 帖子 #1599 ---
From onlinetradingconcepts.com

The Hanging Man candlestick formation, as one could predict from the name, is a bearish sign. This pattern occurs mainly at the top of uptrends and is a warning of a potential reversal downward. It is important to emphasize that the Hanging Man pattern is a warning of potential price change, not a signal, in and of itself, to go short.
http://www.onlinetradingconcepts.com...gingManPic.gif
The Hanging Man formation, just like theHammer, is created when the open, high, and close are roughly the same price. Also, there is a long lower shadow, which should be at least twice the length of the real body.
When the high and the open are the same, a bearish Hanging Man candlestick is formed and it is considered a stronger bearish sign than when the high and close are the same, forming a bullish Hanging Man (the bullish Hanging Man is still bearish, just less so because the day closed with gains).
After a long uptrend, the formation of a Hanging Man is bearish because prices hesitated by dropping significantly during the day. Granted, buyers came back into the stock, future, or currency and pushed price back near the open, but the fact that prices were able to fall significantly shows that bears are testing the resolve of the bulls. What happens on the next day after the Hanging Man pattern is what gives traders an idea as to whether or not prices will go higher or lower.

--- 帖子 #1600 ---
CAD/JPY may have a more traditional reversal signal on the day chart, but again, these are a heads up to watch PA over the next couple of candles.

The trend lines come from the weekly chart.

PA on day charts is not at any particular weekly or daily s/r level, so this may well be a minor pullback followed by a continuation.

--- 帖子 #1601 ---
Cheers,

so no matter what colour, it means the same ?

potential for reversal ?

nelly

--- 帖子 #1602 ---
Odds are better if it is the same colour as the reversal position, so if it is a bear colour after a bull run, then better.

The main issue is once you start to large wicks on a candle, then price momentum is trying to change

--- 帖子 #1603 ---
Hi guys, Color me crazy, but my take on the Yen pair's Weekly HA candle structures and trends suggests that the Yen pairs, after consolidating for several weeks, look to be resuming their rise. I am looking to be a buyer on Pull backs particularly UJ and NJ.

Best, AG

--- 帖子 #1604 ---
Some interesting TDI patterns going on with the RSI Price Line breaking the top band lines, which usually indicates that price is breaking out and traditionally is a buy signal, so watch for this to continue.

Watch for price pullback as this reaches 68, although if a trend establishes, most oscillator type indicators will head into oversold areas and then you are down to PA as you main guide.

--- 帖子 #1605 ---
When this occurs and it will, what do you think about dropping down to a lower TF to pick up a better oscillator pattern, but being more choosy about which one to take? I typically do not drop below H4. AG

--- 帖子 #1606 ---
On GB/JPY this is what you will see with the TDI Trade Signal Line slowly turning over whilst above 68.

PA has broken a previous high and is looking to break the last Fractal High which would not be a bad entry, however, PA is entering a 130pips zone that it needs to break to continue this run higher

--- 帖子 #1607 ---
Britpip,

do you get a sunday candle ?

nelly

--- 帖子 #1608 ---
Yes - but I tend to look at it as a continuation of Friday.

Usually there is a gap which will fill most times, so if you are trading on the Sunday, watch for PA following the gap.

--- 帖子 #1609 ---
Some observations on the recent NZD/USD price action and bounce from a Demand Zone

--- 帖子 #1610 ---
CAD/JPY looks to be setting up a Demand Zone with 9700 being a key level of Resistance for the 3rd time in the past few months

--- 帖子 #1611 ---
Lots of smaller moves this week, so drop down to h4 and look for entries and base your take profit levels off of the h4 ATR7 - very little showing at the moment on the day charts.

--- 帖子 #1612 ---
What are the odds for this to continue its slow move long?

RSI>51

TDI Trade Signal continues up

7EMA above 21EMA

Price still above 7EMA

Previous candle reverse by 3/4 of earlier candle

9700 still looks like a key price to be broken to keep the long drive going - possible entry if close above.

--- 帖子 #1613 ---
Britpip, Although probably not broker related, I had been using your template (from post 1) up until recently on an oanda account, but have just started using it on an alpari account, for some reason the supply demand indicator is placing the zones half way across the screen now. I cant get them to syc with price on the right edge of the screen. Any ideas??

Thanks in advance

Ross

--- 帖子 #1614 ---
Hard call. The current high is also floating around a 61.8 Fib pullback. A pending above the current high with a stop beneath the previous low would still be about 190 pips on at ATR of under 100

There looks to be a pivot point at this level back in April. Looking at a weekly chart there's two large dojis in opposite directions, one after another.

--- 帖子 #1615 ---
Ross,

Here's what I have for the settings on this indicator - I am using IBFX, but not sure if this is platform / broker related - post a chart so we can see what you see

--- 帖子 #1616 ---
GU PA has stalled out and is showing signs of a reversal - USD/CHF mirrors this.

This would be an early entry considering where PA is.

Positives

TDI cross in process - needs PA to continue south to confirm

APB color change

strong reversal candle from Wednesday following a doji on Tuesday

PA bouncing lower from 200EMA

Reversing from a daily fib level of 618

Negatives

Possible PA running with 100EMA

Weekly support at 1.5220

RSI currently above 51

No 2/7/ confirmation

--- 帖子 #1617 ---
Did you choose any of te settings down to 'timer.on' of were they the defaults? Just that some of mine were different

--- 帖子 #1618 ---
ewps, wrong post. Did you choose any of te settings down to 'timer.on' of were they the defaults? Just that some of mine were different

--- 帖子 #1619 ---
most of them are defaults, so my changes affected what is on the screen

--- 帖子 #1620 ---
Perhaps somewhat of an experiment, took this trade on the nzd/usd. The only difference is that the chart is weekly

--- 帖子 #1621 ---
Really strong weekly chart, so should be a winner :-)

--- 帖子 #1622 ---
Thanks David / Buttonjock for your help. I'll check my settings when I get home and see also if I can post a chart.

Ross

--- 帖子 #1623 ---
Yeh, looking good, currently up 78 pips. Pity the swap is negative.

Found another potential weekly trade. This time the a/u is showing promise, although the RSI is a bit low. There seems to be a pivot point, so I'll look for a trade when it closes above this line, or if a better signal appears on the daily chart. Could be  while yet.

--- 帖子 #1624 ---
Figured it out guys, blond moment, I hadnt imported all the indicators individually with the template, when I downloaded it to my alpari MT4. Did that now all looks to be Ok.

--- 帖子 #1625 ---
I'm currently back testing, plugging in different ATRs in to the framework of your system David, trying to make it my own. Of course any trading plan is very personal to its owner / developer and their accompanying personality, but as a point of reference can I ask (as a relative newbie) what typically the length of each of your trades is? I've been testing, using DCgincs ATR set up from the original TMS thread, and a trade could run for a couple of weeks for TP1, even a month or so before TP2 is hit if you sit on your hands and dont do anything until either your stop or either TPs are hit. I'm interested in your take on this?

--- 帖子 #1626 ---
My longest trade was 10 days for over 1000pips with a few add-ons, but typically TP1 is hit within 1 to 3 days and then depending on how your money management is running and how soon you move up your SL for TP2 to be hit.

--- 帖子 #1627 ---
EU is showing some encouraging signs for a reversal with fresh day cross on TDI and Convergence showing on the H4 TDI.

APB only has a doji pattern - no significant candle body although there is a colour change and the Day RSI is still u at 60, so PA is currently stalling at 1.3250, which means that PA is sitting in the middle od a 700pip range if you look at the weekly S/R charts

--- 帖子 #1628 ---
GU has confirmed the reversal pattern, so running to plan which is nice - this ws a single position entry plus an add-on from the H1.

SL on each entry is at BE - will consider moving these after today's candle close if PA keeps running south

--- 帖子 #1629 ---
Nice pick. Today's signal gives me a pending first entry below the current day. No significant negatives as far as I can see

--- 帖子 #1630 ---
After testing a variety of formats, I am keeping the TDI on the chart because it does give some good confirmations which you may otherwise miss.

TDI is an overlay onto a MACD which is there as a general momentum indicator - The OSMA Oscillator is very similar, and the Awesome Oscillator is also good - but pick one and go with it.

The RSI may be too much on top of all of this, but knowing the value is a good thing.

All the rules are intact, so no changes there.  The colours work for me with my colour vision issues, so feel free to make it work for you.

The main chart has lost the Supply and Demand Zones because mostly they were sitting on the primary Weekly S/R price lines, so once you zoom out and fix them, they will not repaint as the zones do when PA hits them.

The White arrows are the 2/7 EMA confirmation and I am currently testing with the Black arrows which are 5/10 EMA confirmations - they may not add anything, so could well get nuked in the next version.

So no need to add any wierd indicators - Big E would be non too impressed by the additions, but they seem to help - it's all a personal choice at the end of the day.

Happy pip hunting

--- 帖子 #1631 ---
AUD/JPY is breaking below 89.00 and if this breakout succeeds, there is clear water below for some impressive pip gains.

Currently watching on H4 for the current candle to continue the PA

Of course as PA continues to push south - TDI will stay in Oversold territory, so entries can be taken after a price pull back and continuation on lower timeframes.

--- 帖子 #1632 ---
GBP/AUD is heading for a weekly Resistance level, so no new entries at this time - on the watch list for a reversal or break through the weekly level of 1.6920

--- 帖子 #1633 ---
Just a heads-up for this Friday - NFP

--- 帖子 #1634 ---
Additionally we have FOMC statements today at 11am PDT

--- 帖子 #1635 ---
Good reminder

--- 帖子 #1636 ---
Interesting thought, most Jpy pairs have formed a lower high on a weekly chart in the last few weeks

--- 帖子 #1637 ---
I'm a beginner with this method and I must say I really like it. Going to demo trade until I get the hang of things. Here's the first trade I've been in using this method

http://i1303.photobucket.com/albums/...psd48319e2.png

I made the mistake first of going in too early and setting my stop loss too tight. I set it at the recent low which was only ~30 pips and price just barely hit the stop loss before going back up. Also the red signal line hadn't started going in the upwards direction, so I jumped in too early.

When the red signal line did start going up I went long on the high of the candle (swear I wasn't revenge trading, I thought it out for quite some time). Overall I think it was a decent trade, and so far it looks like momentum is picking up. Couple things I liked about this trade

Pros

- APB color change, doji candle right before it, also if you look at the candles preceding, it looks like the bearish candles were losing steam.

- Overall long term trend is up (weekly, 100 + 200 EMA)

- TDI cross under the 50 level

- RSI(10) just crossed the 50 mark when trade was taken

- ATR(1) was > 75% of ATR(7) and the set up bar had a substantial body, with some upper + lower wick

- Price touched the 100 EMA which acted as support and started going up from there

Cons

- Resistance level overhead, although I think price will break through it.

--- 帖子 #1638 ---
Hi - initial analysis looks good - two issues from my perspective - 1 - USD/CAD can be a wild ride, so I do not trade it - 2 - Friday and NFP can influence things a tad.  Looks like a solid reversal.

Apart from that, use your Money Management skills as though this was a live account, so trade lot sizes that you will trade live and try to imagine how the losses feel because that is when you find out what sort of trader you are.  When you see $100 burn on a loss, or $500, how do you feel?  the wins are easy to handle, but those losses...

--- 帖子 #1639 ---
Britpip sadly Emmanuel is leaving the TMS thread, your input over there would be appreciated by many in the weeks to come if you have any time spare.

--- 帖子 #1640 ---
Thanks. Yea I think I took a risk holding the trade close to the NFP, but it seems to be alright, will take into account next time. I am trying to trade like it's real money. I do feel bad about my losses, just because it's a demo account, I don't just carelessly try to take trades. I'm trying to stick to the system as much as possible and use the least amount of emotion/gut feeling so that when I eventually trade live, it will be an easier transition. Thanks for the tips though.

Also what do you use the MACD indicator for? Divergence?

--- 帖子 #1641 ---
Here is a great example for what NFP can do to what would appear to be a great set up.

Trading before NFP is like rolling the dice - you have no idea what will happen, so if you like your odds at 50/50 then go place all your money on black and go to Vegas.

This example, depending on how you placed your trade - pending as a sell stop or a by market sell, would either have not triggered if you set your Entry Point below the Thursday Low, or you would be sitting 190pips if placed as a sell by market.

As Nancy Reagan would say - Just say No to placing trades before NFP - same advice applies to FOMC news events!

Happy pip hunting

--- 帖子 #1642 ---
For those of you struggling with trade entry decisions, here's a great example

--- 帖子 #1643 ---
And for those of you wondering if this works, here is this week's closing trades, this week was around 340 pips (I think) - combination of Day and H4 trades - still running with general trends or reversals and TDI crosses / bounces.

Rough math would be 11 trades - 8 wins - 3 losses - wins = $82 (approx 410pips), losses = $23 (approx 110 pips) depending on the pairs traded.

82/23 = 3.56:1 win to loss ratio, so a good week.

This is a live account on 0.02 lots per trade

--- 帖子 #1644 ---
I think the main message here is that if you have open positions and FOMC or NFP is coming up, be prepared for the news to spike the PA and close you out.

Alternatively you can always close all open positions and look for new entry positions.

Next option - do not trade right before FOMC and NFP!

--- 帖子 #1645 ---
Hi Britpip7, I just came across this thread. Still reading from page 1 and DIGESTING. May I ask how do I open the tpl file? (referring to the template)

--- 帖子 #1646 ---
Hi Fx Lapozi,

the .tpl file should be put in the template folder on mt 4,

do you know where to put indicators etc ? If yes then look down the list to find templates, put the file in the,

restart mt4.

Then - charts - templates from menu at top, the template should be in there !

Regards

nelly

--- 帖子 #1647 ---
here's a visual - save / move the file to "templates" - once the .tpl file is in MT4 - close your Mt4 and relaunch and then right click n the main chart and then go to "Template"

--- 帖子 #1648 ---
Ah now I know. Didnt know it should be there...I actually googled tpl files opener and downloaded the software and still cant open it hahaha.

Thanks btw!

--- 帖子 #1649 ---
Noted with thanks

--- 帖子 #1650 ---
Just looking through the charts for an initial review, so here's my approach.

EU - Weekly chart is currently showing a trade range of 670 pips for the past 18 weeks.  Depending on how you are reading the weekly PA, the current Doji candle would indicate a pause and we are nearing the 1.3400 level AND PA is sitting on the 200EMA, so I am looking for pull back from the 200EMA level for next week.

Overall weekly trend (long term) is moving lower and the MACD is supporting this and is probably showing consolidation, so possibility for a breakout move from current levels.

On to the Day Chart and we have 3 APB colour changes in 3 days, which usually indicates a lower range is setting up with a current sticking point for PA @ 1.3300.

TDI had a strong cross on Thursday and then NFP messed it all up, but MACD and TDI are still heading lower, so once all the gloom and doom merchants are done with the NFP news, we'll see where the market really wants to go.  Patience on this one and see where PA goes after the Sunday gap trading settles down.

--- 帖子 #1651 ---
For Gu you can make an argument for the weekly range to be 1000pips centred around current price, so the 1.5300 area can be seen as a pivot point given how strong it was as a support zone dating back into Aug 2011.

The Day chart gives you a current range of 300pips with the 200EMA acting as dynamic resistance.  The NFP PA engulfed the previous two days, so a very strong day candle which has crossed and closed above 7EMA and 21EMA.  With PA sitting on 100EMA and with 150pips to go before the 200EMA, this would need to be a lower time frame trade, so waiting for PA to give confirmation on the current day move following NFP.

RSI Trade Signal Line has flattened, so any +ve PA on Monday will probably cause a TDI cross plus a 2/7MA confirmation arrow

--- 帖子 #1652 ---
Eur/AUD keeps showing signs of slowing down and then it pushes higher.  It has been in oversold territory for a while, however, the Weekly chart show it has a long way to go.

On the Day chart, TDI still gave two very valid Entry Points with the second TDI Cross strongly supported by RSI / MACD and a Fractal High Break - this would have been a nice 400+pip gain.

Lesson Learned here, is to watch for the PA pauses when everything is oversold, the continuation moves can still be very strong.

--- 帖子 #1653 ---
NZD/JPY is looking to follow the general theme that AUD is following - down.

Weekly shows us that the last 2 weeks have engulfed the previous week's candle, so not a bad signal that the weekly trend down is resuming.  300+pips to the next weekly support range.

Day Chart has PA siting above the 200EMA, so PA momentum needs to push through this area to allow for another Entry Position following on from the initial TDI cross several days ago.  PA / MACD / TDI / RSI are all heading lower.

--- 帖子 #1654 ---
Here is the current template and screenshots of the indicators plus weekly / daily / H4 and H1 charts

This is from an earlier post
After testing a variety of formats, I am keeping the TDI on the chart because it does give some good confirmations which you may otherwise miss.

TDI is an overlay onto a MACD which is there as a general momentum indicator - The OSMA Oscillator is very similar, and the Awesome Oscillator is also good - but pick one and go with it.

The RSI may be too much on top of all of this, but knowing the value is a good thing.

All the rules are intact, so no changes there. The colours work for me with my colour vision issues, so feel free to make it work for you.

The main chart has lost the Supply and Demand Zones because mostly they were sitting on the primary Weekly S/R price lines, so once you zoom out and add the S/R lines as Horizontal Lines, they will not repaint as the zones do when PA hits them.

The White arrows are the 2/7 EMA confirmation and I am currently testing with the Black arrows which are 5/10 EMA confirmations - they may not add anything, so could well get nuked in the next version.

--- 帖子 #1655 ---
Hi Britpip7

Can I find all indicators relating to this this templete ?

Thanks if you can provide.

arasheed

--- 帖子 #1656 ---
Are you new to Forex Factory with 223 posts?

Click on the "paperclip" icon at the top right of this thread and you will find every indicator ever posted in this thread; I'm sure it is in there somewhere.

Sorry, I can't hand it to you but sometimes you have to work for what you want.

--- 帖子 #1657 ---
High Britpip

your weekly statement is very encouraging....I´m trading forex since 10 years (literally), and barely make it to BE!!!

My problem is I studied so much stuff, I get paralysis of analysis, and find it hard to switch to "Trading made simple", but at the same time it sounds right.

Heard a saying from a wise man: "If you want to be rich, be generous; if you want to be powerfull, be humble; and if you wan to be smart, be simple"...guess elfranz was really smart when he created this system...

One  minor question: I see you trade eurusd and usdchf, but they are allmost the same but opposite, 95% correlated..

Anyway, I´m starting this week putting orders on the daylies and 4 hours based on "trading made simple".

All the best

R

--- 帖子 #1658 ---
Thanks Erebus

Actually I met a mishap,due to frequent and sudden power outages my computer and harddisk was damaged as such I lost many files and at the moment I am reconstructing my records.

Thanks again

arasheed

--- 帖子 #1659 ---
Some times UCHF and EU are direct opposites, so they can make a good hedging pair,  the only issue with trading correlated pairs, is that when it goes against you it can hurt

Once you establish the weekly trend / move and the daily is running with the weekly chart, losses should be reduced to a minimum.

--- 帖子 #1660 ---
Post # 1 Updated to reference the revised templates

--- 帖子 #1661 ---
This is my chart, using update template.

Something is missing.

In this chart  89EMA instead of 100EMA.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Anyone knows how to have the macd adjustable  indi, the 2-7EMA_cross arrow with alerts and stochastic_divergence?

I couldn't find them in the File Attachments of this thread.

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #1662 ---
best I can do... hope I dont get into trouble for it

rgds
RM

--- 帖子 #1663 ---
Many thanks, retireme.

--- 帖子 #1664 ---
Great.

This is my  chart now.

Just one doubt here is  89EMA instead of 100EMA.

Anyone has the same problem? Or we don't need to change into 100 at all?
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1665 ---
Hi Eddy,

Actually you are correct - I modified the 100EMA to 89EMA - this was the EMA that dcginc had on his charts as a day trend indicator - not a huge amount of difference in how they display and the 89EMA does still act as a dynamic support/resistance.

it is what I have been using, so no real need to cahnge

--- 帖子 #1666 ---
Thanks for posting the indis - I lose track of what i have / have not posted!

--- 帖子 #1667 ---
Expanding a bit on the Weekly Reversals observation.

When the Weekly candles show an engulfing pattern, this is a heads up that the trend has a high probability of reversing.

The stronger the initial engulfing candle, the higher the probability of success, so if the engulfing candle pattern is achieved with one candle, this is stronger than a reversal patterns that takes two candles to achieve the full cover of the previous candle.

These weekly / engulfing reversal patterns look to precede any TDI Cross confirmation and as for the 2/7EMA, this may also come too late on the live charts - looks encouraging on this chart, but not sure how far into the week it triggers - just there as an information point at this time and one to watch for live / forward testing.

As usual, this is work in progress going forward - may be useful to back test this as it is just candle patterns and no indicators involved (remove the fractals and the 2/7 arrows for back testing), but definitely worth bearing in mind that the Weekly chart always drives the momentum and probability of the day chart move.

--- 帖子 #1668 ---
To save time swapping around between timeframes, you can always run with each of your pairs as a 4-up chart view saved as a profile for each pair.

when I do this, I will often disable some of the indicators on certain timeframes to make the chart easier to see on the 4-up.

--- 帖子 #1669 ---
Hi David, I really like this idea. As my brain has aged I find that I have more trouble keeping all of my thoughts together for more than a few moments at a time. It seems to me that trading is more about perspective, psychology and discipline than anything else, so I need to keep my charts as clear as possible. I have gravitated to a 3-Up array which gives me cleaner charts, and I use only the indis that I like best for each TF and layout. My platform then lets me hop between TFs and layouts for the same pair.

An example for NZDJPY, (W1, D1 and H4), which may be of some interest to you - sorry about so many colors which I understand can be a challenge, but I find helpful:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Best, AG

--- 帖子 #1670 ---
My chart is more colourful than yours

--- 帖子 #1671 ---
I like These 2 Charts... will go Long on day...

TP 1 : ATR 7 (same as stop)

TP2: 1,272 external fib of last two Pivots at 133,66

If you folllow, and we get busted , please blame it on the market....

--- 帖子 #1672 ---
Hi guys, I am new here. Still getting grisp of the system...I just wonder if this trade set up is a good one?

I m waiting for the candle to close and a bit of a retracement north before opening the trade. Expected SL around 120 pips with TP around 150-200pips.

--- 帖子 #1673 ---
Hi Britpip

The ant-GUBreakout appears to have two versions .0.4.1 and .0.4.2. They have different settings and seem to function somewhat differently. How are the settings determined. And the siily question, the 2-7 open ema has the defaults set to 2 and 7?

--- 帖子 #1674 ---
Very nice - as I always say, it has to work for the individual, so customize and make it your own.

--- 帖子 #1675 ---
We have different brokers, so I was not seeing a long opportunity - I actually had pending short sells set up which triggered - then set my SL too close and both positions closed out for 15 pips each - still, a profit is always good.

--- 帖子 #1676 ---
Looks promising with the TDi cross and PA moving lower

--- 帖子 #1677 ---
I usually mess with the timings for the boxes - taking into account time zones, etc.  Mine is set up to show the LO and you can extend the horizontals to track the H/L of that session - not sure how it's all calculated though.

As far as the 2/7 indicator is concerned - yes, those are the default EMAs

--- 帖子 #1678 ---
GA is having a fun ride after the AUD news releases - lots of folks looking for this to head lower off of the current highs.

There is a consolidation area about 400pips below current PA, so maybe worth a look

--- 帖子 #1679 ---
Seems like a promising trade. The green line is above 68 in TDI and there seems to be no strong resistance on daily chart until 200+pips lower from current PA. the R:R too is promising.

--- 帖子 #1680 ---
If you review each the following - EA / GA / EN / GN, you will see the same pattern - TDI crossing and APB changing colour.  You may also notice that PA has yet to break and close below the 7EMA.

So - analysis time for EA - and this will hold true for GA.  the reversals on the EN and GN have more current momentum

Positives:

PA reversal off of trend highs

300+ pips until next support levels

APB colour change

TDI cross in process (wait for candle to close) - TDI rolling over from above 68

MACD reducing in value

RSI reducing in value

Negatives:

PA has not crossed and closed below EMA7 - dynamic support!  Price did hit 7EMA and pulled back.

So far, 3 reversal candles have not engulfed the last bull candle, so this may just be a pause

RSI >51

Waiting for candle close to see if PA regains momentum - not liking the current PA.

--- 帖子 #1681 ---
NU is looking promising to continue the current reversal pattern

Positives:

PA crossed and closed above 7EMA with 100pips of room before 89EMA

TDI cross confirmed

APB colour change

Negatives:

slight PA pull back at the start of the new candle

RSI correspondingly has pulled back and is <51

Watch this for an entry point on H4 - I will still use the day ATR 7 which is sitting at 103pips for SL / TP1

--- 帖子 #1682 ---
following on from my earlier comments, and with the trend for the week still predominately up, even with the current pull-back, there is a strong possibility of a move up short term.

H4 is showing a 150pips until it hits the high for the past week.

TDI Cross showing continuation

PA heading higher

2/7EMA confirmation

MACD heading higher

RSI>51

--- 帖子 #1683 ---
2/2 short closed!

1=  +88

2nd sold at retrace) = +135

Trades closed, entering 4th candle and 8583 seems to be a strong line of defense

--- 帖子 #1684 ---
About time this thing moved. Gave me a hell of a scare when it came within 60 pips of my weekly stop! Pity the swap is negative.

--- 帖子 #1685 ---
Some interesting moves on JPY pairs - some have produced and APB colour change, on the day, so worth a look.

AUD/JPY

Positives:

APB colour change - ATR1 good size at 130pips

TDI cross in process from the 32 level - Trade Signal Line is moving higher

TDI Convergence indicating higher move

MACD and RSI moving higher

Negatives

PA has not yet crossed and closed above 7EMA

RSI <51

Counter trend trade going against current Day and Week

--- 帖子 #1686 ---
EUR/AUD making a strong case for a reversal play

Positives:

Strong reversal candle crossing EMA7 (wait for day to close to confirm)

250+pips to next prior resistance levels

TDI Cross confirmed

MACD heading for crossover

RSI heading towards 50

Negatives

Going against current up trends for Day and Week charts

TDI cross was 2 candles ago

Already 300pips into the reversal / pull back

--- 帖子 #1687 ---
From the two set-ups, NJ did not trigger.  EA did trigger and is now 120pips in profit and now running with a 60pip trailing stop. so 60 pips locked in.

Will watch this on the lower timeframes for add-ons so long as PA does not retrace and stop me out

--- 帖子 #1688 ---
Guys,

How do you get the open / close bar tabs to show either side of the APB's without seeing the candlestick? I cant seem to do that without overlaying the candles over the apb's which then looks really messy - advice much appreciated.

Great trades Britpip, the market truly does reward discipline and patience, I continue to take notes!

Ross

--- 帖子 #1689 ---
Hi Britpip..

Started today to delete the most of my subscribed threads.

Some of them are useless, some of them are driven by drunk people (i guess)

who waste my time or some are (hidden) commercial.

Yours survived and i will start to read it from the beginning. Thanks..

D1/W1 is the best thing if you want to have a nice life and trade forex.

But patience is the key, and balls of steel

Lets see what this thread brings..

--- 帖子 #1690 ---
Toranga - nice to see you here - you'll see some of the third screen strategy deployed in here with regards to using weekly and add-ons.

If you start at Post # 1, it should direct you to some of the more relevant posts, so no real need to read everything - lots of repetition.

--- 帖子 #1691 ---
Thanks Ross,

Lots of time spent analyzing trends and then finding an entry point - Focusing on not trading against trends unless there is overwhelming evidence of a reversal / strong pullback.

My charts are run with the Chart on Foreground disabled, so the price bars are behind APB

--- 帖子 #1692 ---
Time to analyze a trade that is actually in process as opposed to completed trades or hindsight training charts.

EA Weekly Chart was on a very strong up trend, however, MACD is showing a strong bearish divergence and TDI has flattened, so technically a Bearish signal. especially being heavily oversold,

EA Day Chart was showing the initial PA running out of steam with MACD, RSI 10 and TDI RSI Price Line all rolling over on the last 2 white APB candles.  TDI Trade Signal Line has nicely rolled over, making a TDI cross very strong for the reversal.  TDI is then supporting the PA move.

Once the APB colour change candle closes, you have a potential Entry Point - this would have caught the Entry Point #2 on the H4 Chart.  This Entry Point would have triggered on the 3rd black APB candle.

The 2/7EMA confirmation arrow appears after the close of the 3rd black APB candle, so this provides another entry signal.

EA H4 chart shows how to look at PA when the Day Chart is giving an indication of a move and then starts to roll over.

The H4 chart was showing TDI Bearish Divergence against the PA, so the set up is there several candles before the first TDI cross and well in advance of the signals on the Day chart.  Entry Point #1 as it turned out was not a strong running one as it initially went for 110pips and then suffered a 55pip drawdown before Entry Point 2 was confirmed with the TDI Cross and a Fractal Low break.  This time the PA move is stronger until it takes a four candle rest (go to YouTube and watch "four candles" by the two Ronnies - hilarious) and then resumes the trend for Entry Position 3, which is the one that I am riding.

For additional Add-Ons, watch this on H4 or H1, but for my trade, it will depend on how much gap we see on Sunday, especially as I only have 20 pips left from my trailing stop of 65pips - maybe I should have closed the trade before Friday close, but with 100pips locked in, I'm prepare to risk 65 for a longer trade run and Add-Ons.

Happy pip hunting

--- 帖子 #1693 ---
Trade Summary for the week.

13 trades set up for pending trades (buy stops / sell stop) which is a really high number of trades in a week for me.

10 trades triggered (including one oops with a sell by market instead of a pending sell stop - don't ask - which was immediately closed so that I stick to the trading plan!)

9 profits and 1 loss (including a couple of BE stop outs after the trades were in profit), this includes the current trade with 100pips locked in.

Pips won 32/99/4(BE)/68/29/2(BE)/18/18/100 = 370

Pips lost 3(oops trade - sell by market) = 3

Win to Loss Ratio 370/3 which is not bad

This is my best ever win/loss ratio since going live (and I would have to say is an exceptional result - certainly not typical), so we shall see how this pans out over the next few weeks.  I spend about 2 hours per day analyzing and placing the set ups and closing the trades.  These were all pending trades that triggered while I was sleeping and then the closure is one of 4 scenarios:

a) hit TP target

b) closed when I woke up

c) closed after setting to run with TS

d) closed later in the day on a pull back / PA stall

Just to confirm, this is a live account and the current lot size is 0.02, so $20 per trade.  Risk per trade is below 5% and they key is to watch your total exposure when trading multiple pairs. Same rules apply when you start adding on to winning positions - understand how many trades you are opening and what your total risk is.

It may look really impressive in a demo account having 20+ trades open, but if you get a bad news result / central bank announcement / natural disaster - earthquake, then all those pending pips will reverse on you.  No harm in the demo, but do this with real money and there will be tears - ask me how I know this

If JPY is on a trend run, then pick 2 of the strongest pairs - same with any of the currencies, otherwise you will risk over trading and blow your account.

Happy pip hunting - looking forward to next week

--- 帖子 #1694 ---
Looking at a few of the day chart set ups for next week

EU and GU are showing MACD Bearish Divergence versus PA with the current PA running out of steam - early days, so worth putting on the watch list for Monday to see if we get a continuation and PA breaks below to 7EMA, etc.

AU is bouncing back into positive trend territory and is now mushing to a significant level of resistance, so wouldn't be surprised to see this hit the 9300 level and fall back.

USD CHF looks to be hitting a very strong weekly support line, so this sets up a Demand Zone - watching for a bounce higher - opposite of EU and GU of course.

EJ The gap between RSI Price Line and Trade Signal Line on TDI is closing on the day chart (Weekly shows TDI Bearish Divergence for quite a while), so currently no new entries on the day unless PA breaks below 128.00 - next major weekly support is 250 pips away - H4 gives a better entry view for the next few candles.

EUR NZD following the 125pip gap last week which was closed and then some, looks to be stuck in a 700pip range, so with the current move at 500pips, then this one is watch and see.  Looks like PA is respecting the 89EMA line, so no surprise if this pattern repeats.

AUD CAD weekly is still down and using the 7EMA as dynamic resistance, so probability for the current PA to respect the trend line is high, however RSI is now >51 and TDI is still moving higher.  If the next candle breaks and closes above the current trend line, there is a strong case for reversal.  The gap between RSI Price Line and TDI Trade Signal Line concerns me, so this would be another danger signal for going long before the trend line is broken.

Eur CAD and GBP CAD both show the same.  EUR CAD Weekly is pulling back from recent highs and the Day chart pull back, APB colour change and TDI cross all look good.  A break of the current Day trend lows would be more evidence of the reversal.

--- 帖子 #1695 ---
nice trading britpip7.......keep up the good work......

--- 帖子 #1696 ---
Thank you kind sir - same to you.

I/m spending a lot more time on analysis on the day charts to pick out entries on H4 - still not able to trade LO, but this is approach is seeing more entry opportunities.  Time will tell.

--- 帖子 #1697 ---
Thanks for your recent posts. A huge help!

AG

P.S. I had tried to trade the LO once. That lasted about 2 weeks. Never could get the sleep/wake thing sorted out - neither could Mrs AG nor the dogs. It was a disaster. I do not know how Phx62 does it. He must be an iron man. For sure I envy his genius with the candles.

--- 帖子 #1698 ---
My day chart seems to suggest so. Anyone can give me their view?

--- 帖子 #1699 ---
Looks interesting

--- 帖子 #1700 ---
PA momentum still heading lower on H4, so looking good.

--- 帖子 #1701 ---
So far so good, moved my SL to BE+35... Not sure if I should hold the trades. It seems like 3235 on day chart is holding it from going downward.

--- 帖子 #1702 ---
Wow i guess i have been gone for a minute lol Whats all this new stuff on the charts? lol Is this still TMS? I barely recognize it anymore

--- 帖子 #1703 ---
lol, yeh. take it one step at a time. I've only added the 2_7 EMA and MACD adjustable at this stage as I rarely look below the daily chRT

--- 帖子 #1704 ---
Don't panic -

TDI is still an active part - so the additional were initial tests that I ran and liked - not for everyone though!

--- 帖子 #1705 ---
HI Britpip

Just want to check something with you regarding the MACD adjustable. Are you using this to look for crosses of zero or crosses of the ma's (slope change)?

Thanks

B

--- 帖子 #1706 ---
Only looking at this as a background indicator for watching the general momentum on Day and H4 - if you wait for a cross of the zero line, the PA has already moved a long way.

--- 帖子 #1707 ---
Quieter week this week on the trading front due to a heavier work schedule, so little time to focus - ended up 60 pips down for the week due to closing two trades too early - each would have gone on to hit their respective TPs.

A comment from another thread by claudia1 would be worth understanding.

She wrote in response to the question - What's the win rate thus far?

"Win rate is irrelevant its how you manage the trades is what its all about. Can lose 70% of trades and still be in profit. to answer your question i do win 70% of trades manually at around one to to one risk reward."

This is a typical FF question from folks trawling through threads looking for the silver bullet / holy grail.

To expand a tad more on this.  If you trade for an institution, no one cares about your win rate.  If your win rate is 70% but you end up with some real stinkers that kill your account, what good was the win rate?  Claudia1's point is well made and you should concentrate on minimizing your risk in order to maximize your profits.  Understand what your A+ entry conditions are and follow your plan.

A better measurement is $ won versus $ lost, or % gain in the account, etc.

Phx62 has made similar comments when asked these types of questions and points out that no two individuals trade the same, so knowing one person's results, although gratifying, is actually of little use.  All it will tell you is whether a trader is consistent in their approach and disciplined in their following their trading plans and money management plans.

--- 帖子 #1708 ---
Back from vacation, so no trading this week due to zero access to the world wide interweb thingy.

Looks like everyone left - hope you got some good pips this week - lots of movement going on.

For those of you trading day charts with limited available screen time, this is still an extremely valid approach and still works and will bring in 400 plus pips per month per pair (in some cases this can be a weekly expectation), depending on the pairs that you trade.  Just be patient with the set ups and remeber, that a 3 candle pattern takes 3 days to complete, so no shortcuts!

I am moving on with another project, so not sure whether I will be posting here for some time - hopefully you folks can keep the spirit of TMS / TDI alive and well on the higher timeframes.  Running this thread has given me a lot of pleasure and was the best way for me to learn and fine tune my trading skills.

Whilst I have been sitting in a cabin relaxing and getting away from it all, I have been developing a new H4 trading plan based on candle patterns following some observations and  thoughts that I had a few weeks back while trading some H4 charts and will be launching a new thread which will be for tracking the performance of the trading plan for the next few weeks and then I will post more details as to how to participate.  The backtesting results support what I have been tracking live for the past 3 weeks, so depending on your belief in backtesting ....!  It provides some validation, but nothing beats live trading with real $$$ accounts.

Once the live data is running and has some trading history behind it I will start to post weekly summaries, and you should be able to follow the trade explorer once I finish the set ups.

This will eventually be in the commercial content, as it will become a signal service, so I suspect that Twee will move this thread also and I will be only able be to post in the commercial content section once everything launches (or sooner no doubt).

With regards to the history of TMS and everything that the masters have done to educate me and to fine tune the methodology, thank you.

For your ongoing education and trading with TMS and TDI, these are the folks to follow / read:

Eelfranz - the originator of the TMS series - Rest In Peace Eric.

Phx62 - the master of TMS on the H1 charts

Emmanual7788 - currently on the original TMS thread

dgcinc - very knowledgeable trader and can be found running the http://www.protradenetwork.com/

snarlyjack - used to be very active during BigE's time and has a lot of experience / TMS knowledge

vantage - used to be very active during BigE's time and has a lot of experience / TMS knowledge

X-Man - originator of the X-Man's Super Simple System - worth reading to understand channels and TDI

--- 帖子 #1709 ---
britpip7 thank you very much for creating this thread. this approach is one of the few that i can realistically trade due to work commitments, and i have not yet perfected it but slowly getting there.  trading it using the original template with the 3tf tms matrix to see HTF at-a-glance, which greatly assists.

this has a very rewarding screen-time to pips ratio.  thanks again for this thread, hope you will pop back in and best of luck with your future endeavour.

blam

--- 帖子 #1710 ---
Thanks Blam - I feel that there are enough posts on the method and enough trade charts and training charts to get a good feel for the approach - I will check in once the new project is running

--- 帖子 #1711 ---
All the best with your new project. Hope to still see you on this thread though

--- 帖子 #1712 ---
To everybody who has been watching this thread, let's keep it going by posting our trades and observations. For me this will only be on the daily and weekly time frames as I don't have time for anything. With what we have all learned we can still keep this going and make a profit together.

--- 帖子 #1713 ---
Just checking in - Here's one setting up nicely

AUD / CAD

Positives:

PA still trending lower

Strong APB candle after colour change on a pin bar

Candle crossing over 7EMA and 21 EMA

Fresh TDI Cross

MACD losing strength

RSI10 <50

200pips to next support line

--- 帖子 #1714 ---
As I had mentioned earlier on this thread that I was developing an H4 strategy based on the Day PA & TDI, I thought I would see how accurate it will be going forward, so I will be posting trade forecasts next week based on the following news alerts on selective currencies, so fingers crossed file:///C:UsersDavidAppDataLocalTempmsohtmlclip11clip_image001.gif Sometimes the news events from one currency coincide with others - especially CAD and USD.
I am using GBP as my baseline currency for all trades.
The order instructions will be one of the following - sell by market (SBM), buy by market (BBM), pending sell stop (PSS), pending buy stop (PBS).
I will post these between 9pm and 9:30pm Pacific / California time which is the time I normally set my trades up on the daily charts.
I will also give updates each day at the same time as to whether or not to close the trade or add-on. also if I see something during the day, I will also post an update - this is usually to close a trade. Some of these news events will be a one day trade but in cases where the news event is significant, it will start/continue a trend run for a few days, so good opportunities for some pip farming (this will also be the case where news events feed into one another such as CAD Employment and Ivey PMI).
Not sure how the timing will work on the AUD news – this is all part of the live test.
At the end of the week I will post the results - nothing like live testing in one of the major news weeks on a forum to test the approach

DO NOT TRADE THESE IN A LIVE ACCOUNT - DEMO TRADES ONLY!

--- 帖子 #1715 ---
Hi David, Sounds interesting. I particularly like the forward testing notion on limited pairs. Will follow. AG

--- 帖子 #1716 ---
I may switch UJ for GU on the US news events - see how it looks on day.

--- 帖子 #1717 ---
GBP/NZD - PA is again attempting to break the weekly resistance line, so is setting up a nice Supply Zone.

Positives:

Strong Supply Zone - looking for PA to move south

TDI in 68 zone - and has not recrossed higher so good possibility of a bounce lower

PA / TDI / MACD all trending lower

1,000 pips to next weekly level / Demand Zone

Negatives:

No confirmation of a sell at this time - need PA to move south

RSI 10 still above 49

--- 帖子 #1718 ---
Thank You Britpip7,

I think you did a excellent job helping new traders!  It takes a special

personality to teach people how to trade and you did fantastic.

I hope your new adventure works out great for you, you deserve it

you have worked very hard.  And for everyone else the secret to

forex is:  Don't quit and work hard and it will pay off...

Congrat's Britpip7  You did great!!!

snarlyjack

--- 帖子 #1719 ---
Good luck in your new endeavour.  I will be following along with interest......

--- 帖子 #1720 ---
Britpips7,

This is a big step forward in the right direction. Congratulations!

Will be eagerly looking forward to your launch.

With my best wishes,

EMMANUEL

--- 帖子 #1721 ---
Well my friend, in part, this is a development resulting from your consistency in trading the H1 charts with TMS.  I started mapping your trades as well as trades on the Third Screen Strategy and was seeing consistent patterns.  The challenge was to replicate your success but with the Day TMS and H4 PA charts.

The theory holds water and with all of the backtesting completed which has taken over 2,000 data points per pair, across multiple time frames (think I may have worn out the F12 key ).  The yields look encouraging, but then they always do when there is nothing at stake.  So now it is time to prove the theory with live / forward testing.  I have always liked the approach of adding-on to trades (along the lines of Equity Millipede and the Norwood approach), so that is a significant part of the strategy.

I thought I would throw in the additional challenge of posting my trade forecasts just as an extra level of accountability. so no pressure

I should have a trade explorer up and running for the tests (just waiting for the new IBFX account to be approved), so no fudging of results, although I have always used the MT4 detailed summaries to show results in the past

September should be a fun month, as I plan to run this for the next 4 weeks, so long as the day job does not interfere!

--- 帖子 #1722 ---
Thank you kind sir.

I have always found with teaching that you learn so much more about the subject from all of the contributions, so this tread has certainly help me to evolve my trading skills.

Looking forward to the next chapter.

--- 帖子 #1723 ---
Thanks Emmanuel - fingers crossed for the live testing.

Keep up the great work that you are doing on TMS - great to see that thread so active.

--- 帖子 #1724 ---
Hi Folks,

First of all, serious apologies for the recent posts on the live testing.  this was at best an error on my behalf as after serious review, was very confusing and was too early to release the information.

I need to stick to the original plan and finish the September live testing and then post results and then issue the forecasts.  One thing that was very clear during the first week of live testing is that some assumptions that were developed during the back testing do not work in practice in a live environment, which is why we live test before publishing results! (ask me how I know this)

This was too much too soon - so, again, my apologies - not sure the post op drugs were helping the clarity of the mind!!!

I am in the process of cleaning up the posts, so for now, please ignore Posts 1730, 1731, 1732, 1733

--- 帖子 #1725 ---
YEP this is what I have learned as well stick to your plan don't be swayed by big profits and shiny objects

Steady as she goes

And yes back testing has no bearing on the future in anyway

--- 帖子 #1726 ---
No need to apologize, here. Thanks for being so forthright. Personally I like to know what is going into my sausage. I did like the working template that you showed us though.

Best, AG

--- 帖子 #1727 ---
Dear Britpip

I only registered to this forum to reply to this thread. As many, I came here through Big E's TMS thread.

I'm new to forex, and I'm using daily charts. When I watched EUR/USD pair since Friday, I can see it's going to have a nice up movement, although many technical reports are saying the opposite.

- TDI crossed [Slope is more than 4.5]

- Monthly trend is up and can drive the PA

- ATR (1) is higher than 100% ATR (7)

- Good long candle that expresses a good momentum

- Traditional Fib setup [bouncing off 50]

- Its reaction to 200 ema looks good to me.

If you've some time, what do you think of this setup? I'm waiting for the next candle to confirm my decision.

Greetings from Egypt

--- 帖子 #1728 ---
Welcome Mourad - good analysis - I do like the bounce off of to 200EMA plus the 2/7 confirmation arrow - RSI 10 is now above 51, so looking very good

--- 帖子 #1729 ---
Thank you for your quick response, I took the trade earlier, and waiting....

--- 帖子 #1730 ---
Forgive me for being obtuse. I think the weekly trend is down on this one. Having said that, I have a long on the gbp/usd

--- 帖子 #1731 ---
Thank you BJ..

I'm still learning, so all opinions will absolutely help.

I guess you're right. price stalled and not moving above 1.32600. It looked like a perfect setup. but the weekly trend might be the prob.

I went long also on GBP/USD and took profit earlier [1.57324] for 34 pips , then price stopped moving.

EUR/JPY is booming, but it's going into an unknown area.. no clear indications for anything.. you might help me with your opinion.

USD/CHF is showing a perfect setup, but if you're right.. the weekly trend might ruin it! PA is bouncing off of 60 & 200 ema

--- 帖子 #1732 ---
Some questions for open discussion:

1- Which trend do you follow: Daily, weekly, or monthly? or what combination of trends that must line up to trade? [e.g. daily and weekly!]

2- What should I do when price for no reason stalls?

3- Is there any way to know whether the price is going to breach the supp and demand zones or not!

4- Do you keep the trade going when it reaches these zones? [I'm playing it one trade not 2 like your plan]

P.s. I read the whole thread.. maybe I missed something.

Thank you in advance!

Mourad

--- 帖子 #1733 ---
1- Which trend do you follow: Daily, weekly, or monthly? or what combination of trends that must line up to trade? [e.g. daily and weekly!] I use the weekly for S/R levels as well as overall trend - sometimes you will have pullbacks on the day chart that are tradeable, but all my entry signals are form the day charts.

2- What should I do when price for no reason stalls? once you lose your initial trade entry signals, all bets are off and it is a 50/50 call - best bet, cancel and start again - look for new entry positions

3- Is there any way to know whether the price is going to breach the supp and demand zones or not! not really - PA is king and it will tell you where it wants to go - no predictive indicators I'm afraid.

4- Do you keep the trade going when it reaches these zones?  If you have two trades running you can close one and manage the second - I am inclined to close and wait for the next signal.

--- 帖子 #1734 ---
Not sure how you would call the weekly right now - looks to ne in the middle of the range

--- 帖子 #1735 ---
For noobs like myself:

1- Trust the system if it makes sense and try to follow it. Don't break your own rules!

2- Give the price room to breathe. All the trades I lost wasn't because of the system, but because I closed it immediately when the price started ranging away from it's predicted direction.. But the next day I found it booming in my favor after I closed the trade. Or because I put a small SL range!

3- If you're using TMS hist indicator, I found that when Daily trend is up and gave you a signal, but W & MN are down, it might be a lazy or short movement like what is happening now in EUR/USD [The only exception is when the PA is bouncing off of a supply and demand zones or S/R levels [including 200ema].

.....

I took this trade 2 days ago and it wasn't moving, but now I'm in profit +56 pips. my tp target is just beneath the coming supply zone. Moved my SL to BE.

--- 帖子 #1736 ---
How's this one doing Mourad? You still in? GBPUSD long has taken half, and moved stop loss. Same for EURAUD short; looking for further direction. NZDUSD weekly finally making  decent move. Pity about the negative swap

--- 帖子 #1737 ---
Couple more trades and a pending

Long AUDUSD except I placed the entry a bit too far above the previous high, was looking to clear the 100 ema. Additional reasons for the trade were the breaking of the two resistance lines shown. Weekly chart has a good long trend too.

Similar situation on the NZDJPY, except on a weekly chart

Runing out of time to post more

Pending re-entry on EURUSD, entry on AUDJPY if previous high broken, half of current NZDUSD trade closed

--- 帖子 #1738 ---
hey buttonjock

thanks for keeping us posted, i am also in those trades as well as an older NZDUSD long from the 16th (part closed) as well as EURCAD long i just placed

blam

a

--- 帖子 #1739 ---
Hi Blam

That's a good looking trade on the EURCAD. The MA's are also acting as support on both the daily and weekly charts.

One to watch I think is the GBPNZD. It's just broken a support line, so a bit of a pull back is possible. After that a potential move down of over 1000 pips is possible.

--- 帖子 #1740 ---
nice analysis..i did short a couple days back for GBPNZD on TDI bounce  but trade exited for  a small profit like you said a possible pullback

yes that EURCAD trade is working nicely so far

--- 帖子 #1741 ---
Nice work folks - I am also in the EUR/CAD long

Several pairs are now starting to lose PA momentum, so watching for reversal signals - especially the 3 amigos and the EA / GA / EN / GN group

--- 帖子 #1742 ---
Here's one of the pairs looking to reverse - GU

Positives

PA is now moving away from the Daily Demand Zone which is also a Weekly S/R level.

APB has given a colour change, albeit rather weak, so any PA heading south would be an entry opportunity.

TDI cross has confirmed on Friday - needs to move out of the Overbought region

H4 rolling over

H4 TDI Mid Zone is moving lower

Negatives

Day PA has not broken the 7EMA

2/7 Arrow not yet in place on Day

H4 PA has not broken the 21EMA

--- 帖子 #1743 ---
yes im going to see what this pair does on sunday night, my thoughts are very similar

currently in an AUJPY long which isnt working out

EurGBP long and a GBPCHF short , both in the black currently

--- 帖子 #1744 ---
Lol, hope it keeps going long and the EURAUD short :o)

--- 帖子 #1745 ---
would that be one of those hope trades then?

Currently I am in the following:

EA - long +30

Aud/Chf - short +18

Eur/Cad - long +200

UJ - long - BE

--- 帖子 #1746 ---
my eurcad long was stopped out for profit by my MPTM jumping stop settings (30 pips after breakeven)... subsequently missed a lot of that move...the whole trick with this system is to let winners run but to also bear in mind  lock in profits at the same time

in light of that i have adjusted my jumping stop to 35 pips

--- 帖子 #1747 ---
This is where opening two trades per entry will help.

TP1 = 1 X ATR 7

TP2 - leave to run - move to BE after TP1 is hit and then manage / add-on as appropriate.

Currently EUR/CAD day PA is approaching a Supply Zone, so may not be a great example, however, following the two trades theory, with my current trades - TP1 would have closed out for 130pips, leaving TP2 to run which is currently at 200pips with an add-on.

For SL settings once a trend run has been established and the Day candles have stayed above the EMA7 for a few days, I will often use the H4 Fractals (Fractal Lows for the up trend), or previous Day Low to track the trend.

Once the H4 moves above the 68 level, I will normally wait for a pause / mini retrace before a new add-on, of for PA to break a Fractal high.

If the H4 PA starts to close below the H4 EMA 7, this is a heads up that consolidation / pull back is coming, so manage accordingly.

--- 帖子 #1748 ---
The over size D candle on 18th is the reason we haven't crossed the tight ma (I use 8lwma v your 7ema) its still trying to catch up. I'm still retaining up bias on GU for now. Simple reason most turns take 3-7 days to play out and I don't see that yet.

--- 帖子 #1749 ---
Also long EA from 1.4334.

--- 帖子 #1750 ---
hey

yes i hear you re: the two trade approach. i am trying to emulate my version of this with mptm part close settings. so my default lot size right now is 0.2 lots, i have part close set to 0.1 lot on breakeven, with the remaining 0.1 lot running with a 30 (now 35) pip jumping stop. seems to work ok i guess, but right now i need to be more selective with my entries.  what tends to happen is i get a slew of good trades followed by the 'euphoria' phenomenon, and i start getting sloppy, lose money, (ps i am on demo) - then get over cautious.

currentyl reasding 'trading in the zone' which is making a LOT of sense, and going back over this thread and taking notes of pertinent posts on a word document.

i think this system, and i have made it work on demo, is such an ideal solution for those of us with day jobs, i am determined to take the right steps to make it work. im just being inconsistent in my method right now (eg interminttent logging of trades when i should log every one, euphria/over cautiosness) etc

blam

--- 帖子 #1751 ---
Only from the view that they continue the profit they are already in. . Closed my EURAUD shorts although I suspect we will return there.

Interesting that you're short the AUDCHF. Wouldn't the new high compared to August be a concern?

--- 帖子 #1752 ---
Patience is the key = this could still bump off of the 7EMA or range before reversing

--- 帖子 #1753 ---
aud/chf was an older trade - closed for +16

--- 帖子 #1754 ---
Hi all,

I am trying the get an idea of this system. Also did some trades but was not very successfull.

I have a question: Is it better to go long if the cross of the tdi is above the 50 line (with the green line heading upwards) or is it better to go long if the tdi cross is below the 50 line (with the green line heading upwards)?

Myrmica

--- 帖子 #1755 ---
Ok, already got that now. Looking forward to test this strategy even more.

Myrmica

--- 帖子 #1756 ---
hello britip / or anybody else that can help

please see the screenshot attached. i can never seem to get my tms tdi watchdog free of corruption in the text, no matter what corner i select for the text there seems to be other ghost  text overlapping?

any tips would be greatly appreciated

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1757 ---
Sometimes it holds on to the text label

This may take a few steps, but first step is to set the TDI text settings to false and see if that removes the erroneous text.

You can also go into the screen objects and highlight each of the text labels and delete.

Then, if you want the text back, go back into the TDI settings and reset to True

--- 帖子 #1758 ---
many thanks britpip, it was the screen objects one. random bits from other charts were clogging it up. all clear now for the first time. hopefully this will assist in my trading of this system.

--- 帖子 #1759 ---
Yeh, I have to clear the objects every time. Simple but annoying

--- 帖子 #1760 ---
I think we have a short set up on the nzdchf.

Slope good

TDI cross although a bit more than a couple of days

RSI good

break of 21 ma

3/7 cross

good bar size

ATR is 74.91 (do we split hairs?)

negative is 50ma support

--- 帖子 #1761 ---
oh, plus a fractal break and a good range

--- 帖子 #1762 ---
Looks good to me - I am in

--- 帖子 #1763 ---
Britpip7,

I am in the opposite direction of you.

--- 帖子 #1764 ---
I would expect nothing less on the 15 min - we shall see

PA is sitting at a weekly S/R level, so this may hold everything and bounce.

--- 帖子 #1765 ---
Mr Brit, allow me to address noobs like my self again:

After massive backtesting, I can tell you hints:

If you're lost and can't keep up analyzing charts like Mr Brit, and you can't even achieve profits like his, you can stick to some basic rules:

1- Show the market base line [the yellow line] in your TDI and add level [50]. Buy when ever both green and red line are above yellow line and level 50 and the opposite for short positions. [this will protect you from trading against the overall trend, because the yellow line represents the trend]

2- Pay good attention to divergence [regular and hidden] if an uptrend is making higher highs and TDI is making lower highs, you don't need to wait TDI to cross level 50 and market base line, enter the trade as soon as TDI crossover occurs.

3- Money management is the most important thing. If you chose to apply these conservative conditions for trading, you can divide your trades by Targeting more than 2 or 3 TP starting by [0.5XATR] then [1XATR}...etc

4- I don't stick to 2% trades, I always use mini lots in my 1K account.

5- You'll get 2 or 3 conservative trades for each pair / month. If you're trading mini lots.. do the math.

6- Stick to daily charts and avoid keeping open trades during the weekend [because of the gaps].

8- Don't trade any pair on demo or live before doing manual backtesting for it [usually I do the backtesting using LHF simulator for a whole year]

These rules are very conservative with moderate but guaranteed profits till you gain confidence in this trading style, then you can improvise like Mr. Brit.

Mourad

Egypt

--- 帖子 #1766 ---
As I mentioned it to you before, M15 is for me to see the shape and position of the PA and not what I'm trading for.  I'm still a day trader.

Here is the result of one of my positions from last night.

It is about 30pips profit.

--- 帖子 #1767 ---
It is worth noting here that the M15 can be traded within the overall trends / retraces, so this means trading counter to the Day / week, so if we are running with a long on the day, US brokers will not allow a short - no hedging.

For those of us that can trade the M15 and the day, you will need two accounts in the USA so that you can run with the longer term trades and then pick up the pauses / pull backs.

For those of us that do not have that luxury, then it is much simpler - trade the Day / H4 and sleep well

--- 帖子 #1768 ---
Still watching and waiting on GU - following the past few days we now have a narrower range, so PA is getting squeezed and it is sitting underneath a Weekly S/R level and the Day Supply Zone.

Conventional wisdom would be to set up for a short, however, since when has conventional wisdom and forex ever played well in the sand box?

Wait for the PA to break out.

--- 帖子 #1769 ---
Hi Brit

Was your entry  on the 4H chart? Put mine below the daily low nd it hasn't triggered yet :o)

--- 帖子 #1770 ---
Indeed - I went earlier based on the H4

--- 帖子 #1771 ---
Decided to close all open trades today - I did leave everything to run over the weekend last week, but with 500pips at stake I'm happy with the profit and done for the week.

Lots of cases to be made for leaving the main profit trades to run based on the day chart patterns, however, if the trend holds true, there will be more entry positions next week.

EUR/AUD was the pick of the bunch with what was on reflection a bad entry last week that was left to run and then 2 entries this week.

Also including a weekly summary for the trades on the Day / H4 charts.  the key to the past two weeks has been patience and waiting for the set ups to confirm before placing the entries.

--- 帖子 #1772 ---
GU becoming more interesting by the day.

We now have a second test of the Supply Zone, so now I seriously looking at an H4 entry possibility when PA moves south and away from the Supply Zone.

Waiting for Market Ope to see what the gap does, so I am not placing pending sell stops at this time - obvious risk of a spike, so patience.

--- 帖子 #1773 ---
Following on from the current PA on GU and touching on some comments on the TMS thread, the GU has a large Master Candle at the moment of 270 pips.

Additionally PA is sitting underneath a Day Supply Zone and a Weekly S/R level.

These candles can be traded in a couple of ways - first with regards to the day charts, treat them as an Inside Candle set up and wait for the breakout, second, drop down to the lower timeframes.  Once the second day candle does not break the H/L, then it is a reasonable move to drop down and trade the range, and in many cases this will result in hitting the breakout move when it finally appears.

Here's the Day Master Candle and the resulting H1 chart

--- 帖子 #1774 ---
Mr Britpip7,

Can i have your template with the horizontal box as post 1778 please??

--- 帖子 #1775 ---
Here's the latest version of the Day chart template - all indicators have already been posted.

Please read post 1 for the indicators or go to the paperclip.

I have put the IL_SupDem supply/demand indicator back on the day chart and the 2/7 arrows now have the EMAs set to 3/7 - reduces the number of signals.

--- 帖子 #1776 ---
Just a general comment on the recent changes to the FF web site and subscriptions, etc.

What a complete fuster cluck - A complete and utter mess.

Whoever made the decision to launch this current version should roll back to the previous release - this is a total disaster.

Can you tell I'm not impressed?

--- 帖子 #1777 ---
I think 'Ive managed to either completely miss the change, or more likely, I'm underusing the site dramatically (your page is about the only thing I look at).

--- 帖子 #1778 ---
I think we have some signs of a reversal on the audnzd appearing on both daily and weekly; a double or triple bottom and the closing of a triangle. Thoughts?

--- 帖子 #1779 ---
Anyone in on the nzdchf? I have a short that is dawdling around

--- 帖子 #1780 ---
Looks like the NZD pairs are having a run out tonight following on from AUD yesterday

--- 帖子 #1781 ---
AUD CHF looks interesting

Positives:

Fresh TDI Cross

2/7MA arrow

Day MACD increasing in strength

170 pips to Supply Zone

No weekly S/R levels in play

Negatives

RSI below 51

--- 帖子 #1782 ---
By association, if AUD/CHF is a buy, the EA is a mirror image and would be a sell

--- 帖子 #1783 ---
UJ has flattened out and is sitting above a demand Zone, so watch for PA bounce and TDI cross long

--- 帖子 #1784 ---
OK - I admit that I am now fixated with the GU and when it will head south.

The Supply Zone was broken, however we are still staring at a strong Weekly Resistance level.

To convince me that this is happening, I would like to see a strong APB colour change and a candle cross / close below the Day EMA7

Still hoping for conventional wisdom to take over on this pair - may look at a pending short sell at below the 1.5900 level.

--- 帖子 #1785 ---
I think that in certain subject of interest, one can say that the strategy is working or not if it can establish the gain or loss of the business need for achievement

--- 帖子 #1786 ---
Maybe its having a pause after breaking the previous high before moving on?

--- 帖子 #1787 ---
Yes, there are some characteristics here that look somewhat like a bump and run reversal

--- 帖子 #1788 ---
Lots of pairs are ranging during the first week of the month and we have a quiet news day tomorrow - No NFP - that will be Oct 11th.

Not seeing much in the way of major announcements unless BOJ manages to throw a banana skin into the works tonight.

CAD Ivey PMI tomorrow which can be a market mover.

Accordingly GBP/CAD may be worth a look with PA rolling over.

Positives:

GBP is generally weakening across multiple pairs

APB colour change

TDI Cross in place on current PA and coming out of 68 zone

H4 PA has rolled over

400pips to next Demand Zone

Negatives

Day RSI 10 still above 51 but is coming out of oversold area

--- 帖子 #1789 ---
Update regarding NFP - postponed due to the Fed shutdown - what a bunch of muppets.  No new date set for release of NFP

--- 帖子 #1790 ---
As a public servant myself, I feel for all those people either on enforced holidays or still working, all without pay. What a joke of a government that that can't even pay it's own people. Bet the pollies fighting over it aren't short of cash. Horrendous.

--- 帖子 #1791 ---
What do we think o fa short on the gbpnzd and long on the audchf?

--- 帖子 #1792 ---
Just looking at the gbpcad on a weekly chart, there's a band of resistance that it has broken through for the first time since July 2010. It was support from even further back.

--- 帖子 #1793 ---
Soooo quiet......... Patience...... Lots of consolidation, but a few setups forming, had to tear my finger away from the trigger a couple of times, glad I did. Come on guys sort that government out, lets get this market moving again....!

--- 帖子 #1794 ---
Not seeing much to trade on the day charts.

Lower timeframes withing trading ranges may be an option, but be careful on setting your expectations too high - use the ATR7 from the timeframe you are trading to set your TP levels.

--- 帖子 #1795 ---
This looks much more interesting - lots of movement today - not sure how to explain what USD is doing - maybe they should shut down the gov for good and the USD will be strong again?

EU and GU coming off of their recent Supply Zones

--- 帖子 #1796 ---
Britpip, whats your entry point potential here? A break downwards through the existing demand zone currently just below price, or alternatively a bounce off the current demand zone in the direction of the current trend? Interested to hear your analysis of this.....

--- 帖子 #1797 ---
usdjpy appears to be pushing all the right buttons, including a support bounce and resistance break. Only thing missing is a 3=7 cross.

--- 帖子 #1798 ---
Currently waiting for a push lower, however the weekly current range is less than 300pips so it is very possible that GU offers a better short entry possibility.

Gut feel at this time is that EU will hold up on the support levels, so not too excited.  Still favoring GU for a short move

--- 帖子 #1799 ---
Nice colour change and move on UJ

--- 帖子 #1800 ---
A lot of congestion to the left Buttonjock around the current level, could be a choppy journey up? Where would your anticipated target be, 99390 level (next supply zone)?

--- 帖子 #1801 ---
I'm in this currently, only 20 odd pips up over the last 2 days, and a doji forming today so may jump out lets see at 10 tonight (UK time)

--- 帖子 #1802 ---
Stalking the eurcad, looks like we may have a double top forming, looking to trade the right move down. Any thoughts guys?

--- 帖子 #1803 ---
Day PA is sitting in a Demand Zone and H4 is showing a TDI bearish divergence, so currently only looking for a move south.

No entry point as long as PA stays above the 7EMA on the Day

--- 帖子 #1804 ---
Since my stop is under the previous low at 96.4 I feel it should need to get to about 100, however I'll be watching very carefully at 99.3. Resistance sloping from May is an important factor too. If this gets broken again, possibly around 99.6 we could see a move to at least 103, or more if a pennant pattern on the weekly chart gets fulfilled. Positive swap on this one will allow some patience in waiting.

--- 帖子 #1805 ---
ECAD looking more like a possibility if it can break below 1.4000 and maintain PA momentum.

Day MACD has turned and we now have a 2/7 arrow

--- 帖子 #1806 ---
Looking good Britpip, I'm keeping and eye on this as well ;-)

Have you entered anything else in the last week? I noticed quite a few opportunities, but for one reason or another I didnt take them (heavy resistance / support near by primarily) but in hindsight the moves went for a lot of pips . Hindsight is a wonderful thing I guess..... And / or I just need to train my brain to recognise the opportunities. Its been a tough few weeks for the US which hasnt helped.

I know previously you mentioned at one point having up to 11-13 trades in one week, how often does this occur for you? Appreciate this is ultimately down to pairs being traded and your personal backtested valid entry setups, but what have you had in the last few weeks in terms of setups? Just want to get an idea of the number of potential opportunities that can be available each week, even in the quieter times.

--- 帖子 #1807 ---
Typically I am entering between 2 to 5 trades per week, so that was an unusual week and much of it was on the lower timeframes.

The last few weeks have been quiet - limited trading and again mostly H4 or H1 entries off of the TDI - probably 4 or 5 set-ups on H4 that I could hit during my availability to trade

--- 帖子 #1808 ---
Apologies, no time for details. Latest pending for me

--- 帖子 #1809 ---
Trade has triggered. The only thing missing was a 3-7 EMA cross, which is now there. as the stop is rather large, the TP is also going to be rather high.

--- 帖子 #1810 ---
Possible break out trade for next week guys?

--- 帖子 #1811 ---
At the moment I am short and expect it to go to the support level at around 96.6

Where do you think it will breakout?

--- 帖子 #1812 ---
I am also in this trade. I trail it on the 4 hour chart with quite a big distance from the last low. How do you manage that trade? Hopefully it goes all the way up.

--- 帖子 #1813 ---
Update on this, I entered short on the break of 1.400, but got stopped out. I entered long on the break of consolidation, and got out with 120 pips. Could have stayed in longer, but got nervous with the rsi line above 68 and tweaking (classic Big E watch out signal). all in all not a great set of trades, but an experience to  take away and use positively....

--- 帖子 #1814 ---
Just my take on this, but pulling on classic chart analysis techniques, its a symmetrical triangle at the top of (or middle who knows) up trend, so looking for a break upwards, TDI is also contracting and heading down to the 32 level, so TDI signalling a possible reversal?

Target wise you could be right, we may find support around 96.6 where a reversal happens, if i get a long signal to enter I will be targetting historic swing levels e.g. 98.950 / 99.690 / 100.585 and so on. Not all in one go I might add! I could be completely wrong, we should have a plan B / C...

Bearing in mind also that this contraction seems to have gone on in to the triangle quite a way, so it may even continue sideways..

just my take on things ....

--- 帖子 #1815 ---
Looks like this one went well - it was looking great for a continuation last night off of H4 for at least 70pips

--- 帖子 #1816 ---
You'd think at some point this has to break out - weekly charts showing the same - range is contracting and looks to be showing more downwards pressure.

US fundamentals would seem to show downward pressure also

--- 帖子 #1817 ---
Putting a fibonacci on a monthly chart from the highs of 8/98 2/2 and 6/7 show some interesting resistance lines. Our recent high is very close to a 38.2 pullback. A little higher and a 50 and 61.8 are almost on top of each other

--- 帖子 #1818 ---
A monthly Not as clear as I'd like, but does show some interesting Fib choke points above the recent high. Green is the oldest high, purple the middle and orange the most recent. The TMS is also well and truly due for a turn

--- 帖子 #1819 ---
G/U looking good on both daily and weekly time frames. Only thing missing is a 3-7 ema cross

--- 帖子 #1820 ---
EU had a great run last week and is now running into a weekly S/R level and a Daily Demand Zone, so would not be surprised for a pause at the very least is not a reversal.

H4 TDI is at a really low level so no more short entries unless there is a pullback bringing the TDI out of OS territory.

Watch for bullish candles leaving the Demand Zone on the Day.

GU is looking very similar

--- 帖子 #1821 ---
I am also looking at this trading possibility. At the moment im still short and will reverse my position as soon as I see a substiantial reversal. Are you still waiting or are you already long?

--- 帖子 #1822 ---
Not much happening with PA at the moment - tomorrow's news - ISM Non-Manufacturing PMI - should prompt some action.

Nothing much to change Sunday's opinion of support levels, etc.

MACD has flattened on Day, however RSI dropped back to 31.  Still officially a down trend, so this may be a pause.  Mostly dependent upon how the current support around 1.3500 holds.

H4 Mid zone entering the Oversold area is another hint that the reversal should happen, but the current H4 TDI cross has stalled.  Still waiting!

--- 帖子 #1823 ---
Is this thread still alive?  I came accross this thread last week and I am very interested in learning it.  I work crazy hours at my job and I have been looking for an trading approach that runs off of the daily chart.  I would love to keep this thread going, it seems like a good system.

--- 帖子 #1824 ---
its a great system and a great thread. I have been demoing this for the past few months with good success. with better analysis and trading on my part I feel confident I can make this into a consisten position trading system for me.

--- 帖子 #1825 ---
Hi Chuck, been a quiet time time lately

--- 帖子 #1826 ---
Hello guys, I've been checking out the charts, I'm currently looking at the EUR/CAD, would have liked to enter at the open of the newest daily candle but because of work I have a buy order in at 1.4206.  What pairs are you guys looking at?

--- 帖子 #1827 ---
gbpusd is floating in a high region of the past 2 years, so I'm looking for a short signal. Audusd has a pivot point at .93 it's bouncing around after a 50% retrace. Audcad had a retrace of nearly 61.8%, which was precisely to the 100 EMA on a weekly chart, so looking for a continuation of this. Audnzd is bouncing off a 4 year low

--- 帖子 #1828 ---
Been out of the loop for a minute but im back to trading.Will post charts and what not

--- 帖子 #1829 ---
Im currently in the following trades

Eur/Jpy..  +146

Usd/Jpy.. +50

--- 帖子 #1830 ---
Nice to see you back, King. Got a U/J myself. Appears to b running into resistance from the high of 8th July

--- 帖子 #1831 ---
Yeah i think your right

--- 帖子 #1832 ---
Then again, maybe not, lol.

To take profit or not to take profit,

that is the question :o)

--- 帖子 #1833 ---
Greeting folks - I am in the middle of a hectic work schedule, so no posting for a few weeks.  Still trading and testing - still doing well and no changes to the chart layouts / indicators, which is usually a sign that the methodology has held up well.  The only change that I can see is that I am not using the RSI 10 so much and I am using the Day MACD for confirmation on the day trend direction, although the Day EMA7 shows everything you need to know.

I now add notes to each of my charts so that I have a history / journal to look back on - if you document what you see it helps with the learning process for trading analysis.  Attached is an example.  It will get a tad cluttered with the historical notes, but worthwhile in my humble opinion.

eur/cad is pushing higher and has recently broken the Day and Weekly Supply Zones, so this becomes a new support level.

--- 帖子 #1834 ---
good to know still doing well britpip. currently demo testing this, not doing too bad, using more original configuration rather than with the MACD.

please do keep checking in as some of us are trading this modification of yours, i think it is excellent for those of us with day jobs.

--- 帖子 #1835 ---
Hi Brit

Just wondering what it is you look for the day MACD to be doing for trend confirmation? Thanks

--- 帖子 #1836 ---
I generally will not take trades against the MACD direction.

Once MACD flattens or starts to pull back, that is usually a sign of consolidation - typically it will coincide with Day PA reaching a weekly S/R region of a Supply / Demand Zone.

If the MACD resumes, then the trend is continuing and look for new entries.

--- 帖子 #1837 ---
here's a recent chart showing a MACD pull back with PA stalling

Day PA is in a Supply Zone, so no new trades until PA leaves the Zone

--- 帖子 #1838 ---
Here's another example of the MACD flattening and then reversing, then a zone is set and finally PA leaves the Zone

If you watch where PA is heading on H4, on 12/5 the TDI cross confirms the direction change and then on 12/6, the Day APB changes colour which is when the new Demand Zone is being set - Entry point could be taken on H4 on 12/6 at the start of the Asian session which was prior to NFP, or after that as PA continues to rise

--- 帖子 #1839 ---
Thanks Brit, two more questions.

The CCI 14 , is that looked at as an oversold/overbought or a cross for the MACD?

What's the blue line on the TMS?

--- 帖子 #1840 ---
I took the following four trades yesterday.Waiting on todays candle at 5 to see how i will proceed

+33.8

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

+121.3

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

-9.3

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

+7.2

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

****NOTE****.............i posted this and right after i noticed these pictures are as of today.I cant post the enrty pictures form yesterday because of format issues but i will from now on

--- 帖子 #1841 ---
For the CCI 14, I am testing it with the MACD.

Currently the initial results seem to support the theory that when MACD is stalling on a long position and then starts to decrease, CCI will reduce and cross the +100.  This is an early warning of price reversal and time to either close the long positions or at least bring the SL up to most recent H4 Fractal Low.  There are occasions where this will only result in a price stall and then consolidation.  EU is looking promising - hence the pending short sell.

Opposite for Short positions

Blue line on H4 is EMA7 - Simple - typical - shift 0

Same for the Day except shift of 1

--- 帖子 #1842 ---
One observation on your EJ entry is that the TDI TSL is still heading higher - I often see TDI crosses where this is the case and then PA reverses and follows the TSL direction.

I have found that on the Day TDI, it is better to wait for the TSL to flatten, or roll over before taking an entry against the trend.

The chart is the usd chf and if you expand the view of the TDI there are two crosses against the trend where TSL is moving lower - each entry would have been unsuccessful.  the current cross is stronger coming from the 32 zone, so we shall see

--- 帖子 #1843 ---
just a comment on CCI - I first saw the +100 and -100 CCI 14 cross while surfing Forexcube posts - http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...09#post5398609

He averages several hundred pips each day and ws trading a lot on lower timeframes as well as taking multiple positions on longer timeframes - worth a look for how he runs with CCI.

--- 帖子 #1844 ---
aud jpy is channel trending so trading this on the H4 until the channel breaks down

--- 帖子 #1845 ---
ej is starting a rollover on PA

PA still holding above EMA7, so waitin for the signals to line up.  Waiting for the following:

PA to cross and close below EMA7

APD colour change

EMA2/7 arrow

MACD changing colour would be a really nice bonus

TDI cross to confirm with PA moving lower

--- 帖子 #1846 ---
gj has a similar look but has been consolidation for longer

TDI mid zone has reached 68, so typically this will drive PA down

Waiting for PA to exit the Supply Zone

--- 帖子 #1847 ---
ecad and gcad have a similar look and feel

ecad has set up a Supply Zone and has had a cand;e cross and close below EMA7, so tie this in with the TDI crossing from the 68 zone and the current MACD direction with the CCI crossing below the +100 and this is looking promising

ATR7 is currently 85, and with the recent swing high, the SL should be no less than 1.4750

100pips until PA reaches one of the Weekly S/R levels and this was a recent strong resistance, so PA may well pause at this level before making the next move.

gcad on the other hand has 400+pips to go until PA encounters major sticking points - I am in this one with 70pips locked in - running with a 45pip trailing stop, so this will be interesting

--- 帖子 #1848 ---
Many thanks

--- 帖子 #1849 ---
when you are all done with your chart analysis, it is always fun to read the news.  See how the MS viewpoint compares with your analysis - but then realize that they are betting on both sides of the coin here with their short term long and their medium term short!

Morgan Stanley reversed its bets on EUR/USD in its short-term macro portfolio from short to long. MS exited its EUR/USD long from 1.3800 on a small profit and entered long from 1.3730, with a stop at 1.3660, and a target at 1.3950.
"EURUSD is set to keep the pressure on the upside, we believe, as year-end related factors are likely to remain EUR supportive. Hence, we enter near-term tactical bullish strategy as repatriation-related flows drive currencies further away from fundamental and market-orientated indicators. We expect the 1.3830 highs of the year (achieved in October) to be tested, with a move above here opening the way for gains towards our near-term 1.3950 target," MS says as a rationale behind this call
"However, we maintain our medium-term bearish view and would look to re-establish bearish strategies in this area," MS adds outlining its EUR/USD medium-term strategy.
In line with this view, MS maintains a short EUR/USD position in its medium-term macro portfolio from 1.36 (target 1.27, stop 1.3830).

--- 帖子 #1850 ---
Thanks Britpip7 for all your valuable info, inspiring.

Shane.

--- 帖子 #1851 ---
I was quite liking this gcad until it turned round and took out my stop

--- 帖子 #1852 ---
Me too!!!

--- 帖子 #1853 ---
December 2013 results to date for the Closed Trades.

This is my best pips won : pips lost ratio at 10.18

Mostly this is achieved with a slower entry which means waiting for PA to confirm - and getting more disciplined with the H4 / Day split screen and watching the MACD.

On the 2 open trades - AUD/JPY is at 60 pips with a 35pip TS, so 25 pips locked in

EUR/AUD has just got going, so we shall see where Sunday opens.

--- 帖子 #1854 ---
aud jpy is still running in its descending channel, so TP is set short of the top of the channel - TS is still in place.

--- 帖子 #1855 ---
eur aud is now running in profit - currently has SL moved to BE after 30 pips, so this is now a risk free trade.

Weekly TDI is showing a bearish divergence from PA and has 400pips of space to the next weekly S/R level, so looking to let this one run with possible add-on entry points.

Daily TDI MZ is now greater than 68, so lots of downward pressure

--- 帖子 #1856 ---
great stuff britpip, very inspiring

my daily TMS trading has taken a bit of a plateau, mainly getting comfortavle with winning streaks and then taking reckless trades without enough consideration for PA. am going to trial a similar setup to your MACD modification in the new year except with CCI (14) including histogram

will also look to add a myfxbook link to my demo account in my signature here, if this is possible on forex factory?

--- 帖子 #1857 ---
Question how many pairs do you guys watch and which ones?

--- 帖子 #1858 ---
a more interesting question would be "what pairs do you trade most?", followed "by which pairs have the best returns?"  It would be great to see some answers from those of you that follow this thread

100pipsaday was posting his best pairs and yields on his thread - the pairs he watches are included in the 12up charts and although the technique is different from TMS, he approaches it from a view as to which pairs have a habit of producing trend runs.

My standard pairs are in the market watch attachment - 19 total, and I have been developing live testing histories on the 12up chart, so  my current goal is to have 12 pairs maximum and then fine tune to 8.

--- 帖子 #1859 ---
All open trades have been closed as everything has slowed down significantly which means any signals that were in play are now waiting for the next push, so I will sit to the side and see where they go.

While everything has slowed down it gives us a chance to relax and have some screen time without distractions of trading.  When I set my charts up I always add on the Weekly S/R levels from the historical levels.

To do this I start off with just the main chart window, so all other indicator windows have been switched off by using the indicator properties window and by deselecting the weekly timeframe to leave yourself with candles.  From that point add horizontal lines at the significant reversal levels - I use the Weekly Close.  I will often add text to each level so that I can refer to it later.  One thing that will often happen is that a Weekly S/R level will occur at a Big Round Number, which is often cited as a "psychological level" for traders (possibly self fulfilling prophesies!).  Sometimes instead of a definitive price point, there will be a zone which can be up to 100 pips.

These stay on you charts as you drop to the lower timeframes so long as you click on the object after it is created - depending on your settings for options of course and this can be changed by selecting Tools and then Options and then Objects.

I find that this helps with a certain level of prediction for PA losing momentum as it reaches these levels, so either exiting trades as PA closes in on an S/R level or managing with tighter stop losses are options.

Common moves at these levels are consolidation / bounces and reversals.

--- 帖子 #1860 ---
Says......i been back up on my backtesting.I think im gonna start back testing without the TDI for a while.At the end of the day its really all about analyzing price action.

--- 帖子 #1861 ---
Im currently in the following trades

AUD/NZD :  -34.2

GBP/NZD :  +298.7

EUR/CHF :  +19.9

--- 帖子 #1862 ---
Nice catch on the GB/NZD

--- 帖子 #1863 ---
There have been some nice moves over the past week even with the lower volumes and most of these could have been auctioned with this approach.

Currently watching the AUD retraces on USD and CHF, although PA is stalling, so probably time to close out for the year.

Not much news activity for the rest of the week - tomorrow is a bank holiday, so no markets!

Wishing you all a Peaceful and Prosperous 2014

--- 帖子 #1864 ---
Measures for success on your trading plans

Do Not worry too much about your overall Profit Trades as a % of total - you may have lots of B/E or small profit trades which will skew the stats.

Do worry about the following:

Gross Profit = total $ won

Gross Loss = total $ lost

Total Net Profit = Gross Profit minus Gross Loss

Profit Factor = Gross Profit divided by Gross Loss - this is the number to focus on.  To get this number higher, set yourself goals on each trade and rules as to how many pips you are prepared to give up on a winning trade (trailing stops, cave manager, etc?), as well as SL settings and how you manage losing trades (once a trade goes against you, how many pips are you willing to lose?).

Here's my final numbers for December - very pleased with the month as I often have other commitments in my schedule which conflict with trading every day. Only 17 trades and only trading with 0.02 lots = $20 per trade.  Depending on your account size and risk management, this level of trading can be a good supplement to your income, so if you trade with 0.1 lots, your income multiplies by 5, and so on!

Maybe that's the New Year resolution - trade on a more consistent basis with larger volumes - we shall see

Happy pip hunting on 2014 - may all your pips be green

--- 帖子 #1865 ---
Just posting some refresher charts on TDI Crosses and patterns,

Watch for the Trade Signal Line to rollover before taking a reversal TDI cross - I would rather miss a few pips and be a day late than get faked out be a false signal!

--- 帖子 #1866 ---
I still check in with the TMS thread to see who is posting and pick up any nuggets.

Emmanuel is posting again and pulling up some of BigE's posts - here is a good one for TDI and entries:

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...16#post4575616

The reference to HA candles should be read as the APB candles

The TDI is the heart of our method. It tells you when to enter and where to exit any trades... so review previous posts and learn it good.

HA / APB Candles are important because it makes your trading way less stressful... use them.

Stoch's is nothing but confirmation. If Stoch's & the TDI give different signals... lights flash off and on warning me to take a closer look before entering.. and usually I look for another trade.

... only wanting to enter on candle 1 or two (after TDI cross / APB clor change - my edit!) . If there is a reversal do I have a TDI signal to enter... if not and all looks strong then enter on candle 2... use some discretion... practice on Demo... take some chances and see if yor head computer was right... it's free.

HA - APB Candles... What are their size? If they are small I will usually go find another set up... Look for consolidation... look for how close PA is to supp/res levels... use your brain !

Believe it or not you have to participate and think... until it's so second nature... there is nothing to it... it's so simple... don't complicate it or you will lose...

--- 帖子 #1867 ---
I am still looking with interes on this thread, keep posting, u'r great

110+ pips on USD/CHF

--- 帖子 #1868 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I closed this trade out after a few days for 80 pips

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here is another view of the same trade.Notice the old resistance level.The price has been hovering around at the point it is now not really moving all day.Coincidence? I dont think so.

--- 帖子 #1869 ---
Would one of the experts like to comment on why this trade did not work out - to me it looked like a strong trade. Strong signal candle below the 5 EMA, TDI below the Red & Yellow & StochsALL pointing down.

Opened a Sell trade in Tokyo session with a 50 pip SL, went 18 pips higher to 68 pips above entry.

Cheers Oldie

--- 帖子 #1870 ---
Oldie,

A good entry on the Day Chart with a new colour APB, new colour MACD and TDI cross.  PA looks to have run into an old Weekly S/R level from 2009 on the Day chart and is also running into EMA89 and EMA200 levels on H4, so unlucky on the pullback.

I do have to ask the question as to a 50pip SL on the Day, when the ATR7 is running @ 45 and ATR1 was 90pips.  The Swing high plus 15-20 pips would have kept you in the trade with maybe a better chance of a profit before the latest pullback and the Day Engulfing Candle.  My guidelines on SL would be 2X ATR7 or Swing High/Low +/- 15pips or so

--- 帖子 #1871 ---
Thanks for those comments BritPip: I will certainly be increasing the SL. Cheers Oldie

--- 帖子 #1872 ---
Slowly getting more into running add-ons in the live account.

1st entry was after the new day APB colour change and day 2/7ema arrow and PA moving away from the SZ - ideally this could have been taken a couple of days earlier.  2xATR7 on the entry candle was 145 pips, SL was set above the previous swing high which was 170pips.

As the trend opens up, I use either the H4 Fractal Highs for SL settings, or run with a TS of 50pips.

Did not have time to trade on the following day, so missed an opportunity for an add on (this would have netted an additional 170pips), but did add on the next day as the trend continued and took a second add on which was stopped out.  Hindsight on this one would have been to close all trades when PA hit the Day 200EMA which could have save 60pips or so.

Entry 1 = +230

Entry 2 = +120

Entry 2 = -50

Total = +300

--- 帖子 #1873 ---
Here's a single entry with a defined take profit that was successful.

The entry is taken after the Day APB colour change / PA crossing the 7EMA and the 2/7EMA Arrow.  Day TDI shows the RSI flat and TSL moving higher.

H4 chart was confirming PA crossing EMA23 and the EMA7/23 cross was setting up (TDI cross was a day earlier on H4.

TP was based on the Weekly S/R level, so set about 50pips short of that level - could have set closer, but wanted a safety margin in case of an early short bounce

--- 帖子 #1874 ---
watching EJ with a view to looking for short entries? - GJ showing very similar patterns

Day - TDI still trending lower - MACD and CCI staying in short territory - PA stall

H4 - TDI looking to cross lower - PA sitting on EMA23

Going to let the Asian session run for a couple of hours and see if we get movement on these pairs - Japanese news looks to be a lower impact, but you never know.

--- 帖子 #1875 ---
i asked a question already answered, sorry

--- 帖子 #1876 ---
Soooo looking at this trade days later i see that if i could have stayed in i could have gotten 400 pips lol wow

--- 帖子 #1877 ---
Potential trade on the usdcad. RSI still a little high and no 2-7 cross yet, however support has been broken. There is a long term pivot point to watch around 1.09.

--- 帖子 #1878 ---
Now, is the audusd crying wolf ??? It often has a positive correlation with the audcad, yet the latter is somewhat unappealing, possibly having a double top

--- 帖子 #1879 ---
Mate, I don't think it was a bad decision, just one of those things :o)

--- 帖子 #1880 ---
I passed on this trade.Didnt like the looks of it.

Im currently +220 pips on GBP/USD trade i entered on 1-27-14

--- 帖子 #1881 ---
I have been readying about TDI for a while but this is the first place I have seen that trades day charts so I will post a trade of gbpusd  I took.

--- 帖子 #1882 ---
Here are two I am in now.

Glad to see others trading on daily time frame.

--- 帖子 #1883 ---
<p>
</p>

<p></p>

Hi Notreally, would be kind enough to post OSMA indicator and how you use it in line with TDI and Price Action. Thanks

--- 帖子 #1884 ---
It is under indicators in MT4, if that is what platform you use. Moving Average of Oscillator and I use the defaults, 12, 26, 9.

It helps me verify the trend. Bars > 0 trend is up, < 0 trend is down. I just started using it so I am not sure how much faith to have in it right now.

--- 帖子 #1885 ---
So i finally got stopped out of my Gbp/Usd trade after 10 days and almost getting stopped after like 2.i might re enter it as its looking like its gonna go the other way.Ill wait until the candle to see but it looks positive already.Yesterday i entered a Eur/Jpy trade long as i like the looks of it.

One thing i have noticed is when you have a TDI cross and a color change candle.Its usually a good sign for a trade when the first candle of the reversal breaks above or below the two previous candles.

--- 帖子 #1886 ---
If you have the TDI cross and a APB colour change and an Engulfing Candle = good entry position

The attached chart for EJ is a great example of this

--- 帖子 #1887 ---
Yeah thats the trade i entered britpip.Is that what thats called an engulfing candle?

--- 帖子 #1888 ---
Learn some reversal candlestick patterns and add to your D chart trading arsenal.

https://sites.google.com/site/acegaz...andle-patterns

with both the TDI and MACD confirming these reversal patterns, you will find the high probability setups on D charts.

Trade Well.

EMMANUEL

--- 帖子 #1889 ---
Here's some additional images for engulfing candle patterns - in some cases it may take 2 or 3 candles to complete the engulfing move and then you are heading into the 3 Inside and 3 Soldier patterns - worth understanding

http://media.dailyfx.com/illustratio..._Picture_2.png
http://media.dailyfx.com/illustratio..._Picture_1.png

--- 帖子 #1890 ---
Another note on Engulfing Candles.  Wait fir the candle to close before determining it is engulfing - do not enter based on the intraday move, it will very likely bite you!

--- 帖子 #1891 ---
Thanks Britpip7, that`s great info. Being a Brit what area are you from?

--- 帖子 #1892 ---
You are welcome

Walton-on-Thames - Surrey, but now living in Aromas, California

--- 帖子 #1893 ---
Just looked where you are, looks beautiful, i`m just across the river from where you lived,  in essex, rather have your weather though!

--- 帖子 #1894 ---
By the looks of it the Thames Valley has sunk!  latest weather and flood warnings include Chertey and Shepperton, so not looking good.

We have more concern over wildfires right now, although this week we have rain - hope it keeps going, California is in drought, so complete opposite of Southern England.

--- 帖子 #1895 ---
Crazy world weather Britpip7, i`m just finishing building an arc here. Try and keep cool in that hot weather and just to say what a great job you do on this thread, i regularly tune in on both TMS threads but am more of a reader than a writer, so just to let you know we are out here and learning! All the best, Shane.

--- 帖子 #1896 ---
Thanks Shane - I know that the thread gets a lot ov views when there are new posts - I have some conflicts with work schedules at the moment, so as I have time I will post more.

Cheers - David C.

--- 帖子 #1897 ---
Thoughts for the week

AUD seems to be rolling over  AUD/NZD is worth watching as well as GBP/AUD

GU showed a strong bull (engulfing) candle for NFP - this also saw a new colour for APB - waiting for confirmation on a TDI cross

EUR/JPY has moved 300pips after a second bull candle with the TDI cross confirmed and TSL moving higher - next price barrier if it breaks the current PA channel will be EMA23/50

EUR/CAD looking as though it may be using he EMA23 as a dynamic support - this will put in a 250 pips range back to the previous swing high - Friday's candle showed a nice change back to a bull movement - waiting to see if PA continues

--- 帖子 #1898 ---
Interesting watching the gold price along with AU - Gold has been recovering and is a bout to hit a 60 price level from early Dec 2013, so it may well bounce off of this resistance point and take AU with it.

http://www.kitco.com/LFgif/au0182nyb.gif

--- 帖子 #1899 ---
This is my top selection for starting this week - unless the opening gap screws it up

Week had a great pull back with gives momentum to the bears and still showing a strong down trend on all charts

--- 帖子 #1900 ---
I am in the aud/jpy since last night. gbp/nzd also.

Can anyone recommend a trade management EA? Once I place a trade I would like it to close half at a set point based on a percentage of ATR and then trail the rest based on ATR. I have seen some out there but not just like this.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #1901 ---
hello notreally

nice trade. you can use the excellent MPTM EA for your trade management needs

Blam

--- 帖子 #1902 ---
Thanks, I will check into it.

--- 帖子 #1903 ---
Im in the following three trades...

GBP/USD...+35

EUR/JPY...+117

EUR/GBP..-2

I been in the GBP/USD trade for three days and the EUR/JPY trade for four days.The EUR/GBP i entered just now

--- 帖子 #1904 ---
Interesting. I get the impression you trade fairly aggressively? The TSL on my gbpusd crossed 4 days ago but only just turned upwards today. The eurjpy I stayed out of because there's a resistance line from the December high that it's close to. I dropped the eurgbp chart a while ago as I had too many fails on it,

Got one on the gbpjpy yesterday. In addition to the normals, TSL turned up, it broke the 21 EMA and theres a good distance to the resistance. I think the only signal missing was the slope being under 4.5

--- 帖子 #1905 ---
I dont think my trading is aggressive at all.If anything i toned it down a notch.I had to learn to be more patient.I just look for trades that meet my criteria thats all.By doing this i think my last series of trades have been all winners.

EUR/GBP is +100

GBP/USD is +180

Also i closed out the EUR/JPY trade for like +80 i think

--- 帖子 #1906 ---
good trades. can you give any details of what specific criteria you look for? im getting good trades but also bad ones

--- 帖子 #1907 ---
I get bad ones also trust me lol.The things i loo for are....

1.Support and resistance levels....

2.Tdi cross angle.

3.Candle size

4.The first color change candle to go higher or lower than the previous two candles.Even if it includes the wick.Britpip has a name for this formation i just forgot what its called.

5.Also make sure you have a target.When my trade gets half way to my target i take out half my position and move my stop to break even.

--- 帖子 #1908 ---
What are people's views on the EUR/USD? Price seems to be making lower highs and lower lows on the daily chart. TDI has crossed on the latest candle with stochastic agreement. The 200 MA is leveling off but isn't in sight for another 120+ points.

--- 帖子 #1909 ---
I actually took that trade.Im down 20 pips but thats nothing.I think its gonna work so we will see

--- 帖子 #1910 ---
Thanks kingclarence! Yeah it seems like a decent set up in my eyes, but I have been proven wrong before. I have been trading TMS on the lower time frames with decent accuracy, but I am hoping with the longer time frames my entries become more likely winners.

--- 帖子 #1911 ---
Not to be giving adive or anything but in my opinion forex is all about back testing.

Dont know what country your from but its kinda like american football.They spend most of their time practicing then play one game sunday.Forex is kinda like that.You backtest your butt off then trade.

--- 帖子 #1912 ---
many thanks man

--- 帖子 #1913 ---
I think it is still in a downtrend  until it breaks the high of 24th January. It's had a lot of noise since just after Christmas. There also appears to be a pivot point around 1.37 that is causing resistance. Check this on a weekly chart as well

--- 帖子 #1914 ---
Ok so i lost 100 pips on the Eur/Usd lol

Gbp/Nzd is + 40 pips

Gbp/Usd is + 324 and rising

I got stopped out of the Eur/Gbp for +100 pips or so because my stop was too tight and it appears to be moving back in the right direction.Lesson learned

--- 帖子 #1915 ---
Likewise on the EUR/USD...I'm trying my best not to be disheartened by the loss, back to the drawing board! My stop was about 70 pips (1xATR) which I think was sufficient breathing space. It doesn't seem like the trade would have gone in my favour by the looks of the most recent chart, a strong up candle with the TDI now pointing upwards. Going to stick to demo trades for the mean time while I think.

--- 帖子 #1916 ---
When i look at i was probably a little hasty on the Eur/Usd.Dont let losses get to you they are part of the game.The difference between a loser and a winner is a winner doesnt quit until he wins.If we keep back testing and stay in there we will get this forex thing down eventually.Think of all the benifits once we master this!

--- 帖子 #1917 ---
Cave Manager is another one to look at - Phx62 uses it with great success

http://www.forexfactory.com/search.php?searchid=8627806

--- 帖子 #1918 ---
nice results King - that patience thing grows on you eventually

--- 帖子 #1919 ---
EU looking to be on a downward channel at the moment, however, TSL is moving higher and the Thursday candle was engulfing followed by a strong Friday candle,

PA is moving onto Demand Zone territory, so not sure I am looking for Long entries at the moment - waiting for Monday's candle

--- 帖子 #1920 ---
GU breaking the 1.65 barrier was a strong move and breaking 1.67 clears one of the last weekly chart historical resistance points to give it clear skies ahead.

Watch for pull backs and new long entries in the next weeks

--- 帖子 #1921 ---
AU and NU are hitting Demand Zones and the tops pf their current ranges, so waiting for Short signals here unless PA blows through the current zones.

--- 帖子 #1922 ---
EUR/AUD has lost its downward momentum and may continue to push off of the Weekly S/R of 1.49

Although TDI looks to be crossing, the TSL is not yet moving up, so careful with this one.

The Thursday Friday candles set up an inside Candle pattern, so wait for the Mother Candle to be broken before entering.

--- 帖子 #1923 ---
GBP/AUD looks to be resting after its big moves on Wed/ Thur of 320 and 220 pips respectfully.

All indications are suggesting Long which would support what GU is also doing.

H4 chart suggest that we may see a PA pause at this level until PA breaks off of the 89EMA and 200EMA

--- 帖子 #1924 ---
AUD/CAD looks to be close to the top of its recent weekly range, so waiting for the PA the head lower.

Thu/Fri candles cancelled each other so this often sees the next candle go lower.  Wait for the PA to break the previous closes before entering.

Day TDI looks to be crossing lower and TSL is heading lower

--- 帖子 #1925 ---
Thanks for all your analysis work Brit, really appreciate it.

Shane.

--- 帖子 #1926 ---
Hi Shane,

I try to run through this routine every weekend to review each pair and cherry pick possible trades for Sunday/Monday.

I also run a review of the week's trades for lessons learned and to fine tune the entry / exit process - this way I stand a chance of having some reference material for each pair.  Helps keep me on track.

Happy pip hunting

--- 帖子 #1927 ---
quite strong bearish divergence on the TDI there also for AUDCAD

--- 帖子 #1928 ---
Awesome result for the G/U

--- 帖子 #1929 ---
Yeah i know right? lol Suprised me.On top of that its still going.Its at +350 and looks like it might continue to rise.Also the Eur/Gbp looks like it might continue back downwards.I caught some pips but put my stop too tight.I wont re enter but i learned a lesson.

--- 帖子 #1930 ---
Still looking good on GU - Currently watching the way that PA has pulled away from the 7EMA and the TDI gap between the RSI and TSL (RSI is now >68, so technically Over Bought) and with CCI falling, I am expecting this pair to pause / pull back.

It now has clear skies above, so could well continue to rise with no clear Resistance levels.

--- 帖子 #1931 ---
It's quite possible that a reverse head and shoulders is forming on the audnzd

--- 帖子 #1932 ---
hey britpip

please can you check your messages, i have contacted you via pm, many thanks man

blam

--- 帖子 #1933 ---
Just for interest, skip to a monthly time frame on the audcad, gbpaud and euraud, put a fibonacci on the 2008/2009 high/low and the subsequent high/low in 2012/2013. Go back to a daily chart an see the current price/fib relatioship. Audusd and audjpy have some interesting stuff as well although with different dates and not as immediate as the first three

--- 帖子 #1934 ---
Here is a trade I just took on the nzd jpy. I don't see a lot of S/L on the way down. 4 hour looks good also.

--- 帖子 #1935 ---
Biggest challenge will be for PA to break through the 200EMA and then 81.70 - looking good so far.

Weekly S/R levels are shown on the Day chart

--- 帖子 #1936 ---
I like the idea of EUR/AUD breaking through the 38.2 with a nice TDI cross

Current weekly range is 600pips which could be achieved with the current PA momentum

--- 帖子 #1937 ---
Looking more at the candle patterns and especially patterns that repeat.

After a strong week, the Friday candle sets HH / HL and a Higher close, which also closes out the week at a recent high

Sunday can either show a small gain or loss, but the Monday candle engulfs Sunday with Tuesday confirming the PA move.

The full chart shows the indicators in play, and if you zoom out again you will see that this price point has been hot as a closing price on 5 occasions, so a pretty good resistance level

The candles on their own tell you a story - adding indicators can reinforce the opinion - some times!!!

--- 帖子 #1938 ---
Looking for Support and Resistance Levels

Once you have set this up on each chart, it takes a minimal amount of time to maintain - at the end of each week review the chart and see if there is any justification for moving levels / adding new levels.

Chart 1 - start with a blank chart on candlesticks and go to the weekly chart for the pair you are setting up and zoom all the way out - this chart is GU

Chart 2 - switch to Line Chart and look for key prices where you see pull backs / stalls - Use the crosshair to check  for multiple price points - the more times the price level is hit, the stronger the S / R level - add Horizontal Lines and depending on your preference, either choose a thicker line or a particular colour for the strongest levels / Historic High / Low.  Big Round Numbers (BRNs) also often make for stalling points for PA.  0.5000 1.0000 1.5000 2.0000, etc and often 0.750 1.2500 1.7500, etc  The BRNs can be a different colour.  At this stage don't put too many lines otherwise everything becomes an s/r level and it will bee too confusing.

Chart 3 - start to zoom in and revert to candlesticks and verify / fine tune your levels.  On the weekly chart I will look to put levels at reversals / candlestick closes.

Chart 4 - zoom in one more time and finalize your fine tuning

Chart 5 - switch back to the day chart and you should be set up to show the weekly supprt and resistance levels along with you standard indicators

--- 帖子 #1939 ---
Hi Britpip7

Thanks for your post on setting up S/R levels,it is very useful for referring to and doing as a regular practice as part of a sound trading plan.....

I have attached your post as a pdf file.

--- 帖子 #1940 ---
Thanks for the pdf

--- 帖子 #1941 ---
britpip7,

many thanks for that practical lesson on how to implement S/R levels with this system, i feel that is an extremely  essential piece of kit in the toolbox.

is there anything else you can recommend that personally informs your take on the charts with this system?? eg studying candle formations (currently im watching a steve nison DVD series on candlesticks - he is an excellent and engaging speaker btw) . when people talk about price action at S/R do you think that understanding candles is a large portion of understanding price action?

any further recommendations / reading you can suggest would be great. to be able to deploy this system like you do one day  would be a great help to my personal situation.

blam

--- 帖子 #1942 ---
The weekly S and R levels are very powerful and reversal patterns will form around these levels.

Engulfing Candles bouncing off a S/R level is often a strong signal as is a Pin Bar and Pull Backs with large shadows

--- 帖子 #1943 ---
Introducing ema's into the charts can provide visibility of "Dynamic S and R Levels" as PA hits key emas and bounces away.

The 89ema is often key on the Day chart as is the 200ema

An EMA cross of the 7ema and 23ema can lead to a reversal / trend confirmation

Strong trend runs will often use the 50ema as a dynamic level.

All emas are simple with price = typical hlc/3, shift zero apart from the 7ema which has a shift of 1

--- 帖子 #1944 ---
Hi Britpip

You were originally using a 21 and 100 ema. Why the change to 23 and 89?

--- 帖子 #1945 ---
89 was from dcginc - he uses it as his main indicator for trends, so not a huge pull in from 100 to 89.

I ran a bunch of testing and the 23 gave me better results especially when looking at H4

--- 帖子 #1946 ---
Ok, thanks for that

--- 帖子 #1947 ---
AU showing a possible Head and Shoulder pattern on the Day chart.

Weekly S/R level may help with the Sunday / Monday candles, especially if we see the Friday / Sunday / Monday reversal pattern.

--- 帖子 #1948 ---
Been following TDI and TMS for over a year now. On and off cause work and I must say well done Britpip for starting & maintaining this thread. I dont care even if its only two of us on this thread . Ive heard a lot about the benefits of day chart trading and Ive resolved to do just that. Apart from that  it will give me time for work and other things.

Can you bring me up to speed with the main differences btw this  & the 4hr method.

Once again well done.

--- 帖子 #1949 ---
How productive has the system been of pips? how stress free? I intend entering and monitoring my trades only at about 12.00 everyday is that okay? I cant be around every 4hours  but I can gurantee 12.00 everyday. I intend to enter after the cross of the TDI, on a daily chart Im beginning to think it might be a little late. What do you say?

--- 帖子 #1950 ---
wnabo a total explanation is in post 1, please check. numerous examples fleshing out the system are given on subsequent pages on the thread

--- 帖子 #1951 ---
Took a GBY trade late last week purely on tdi cross . It went up to 212pips. Left it on trailing stop and got stopped out at +163. Its good to start winning again.

--- 帖子 #1952 ---
Thanks Blamshak. I was intentionally impatient cause I didnt want to learn the ropes again but I have started reading it. And except for the occaisional scalp, I am resolved to be a day trader henceforth. Wish I had decided this sooner. I would have made so much money by now without having to sacrifice all that I have.

Im in another trade GBP/USD up 90pips and I expect it will go further. Cheers!

--- 帖子 #1953 ---
gr8 input.

pls. post often.

i like ma, using 9 (from macd) and 20 (in bband)

cheers

--- 帖子 #1954 ---
How about a little more activity in here like this thread deserves!!!

--- 帖子 #1955 ---
Been really busy, so back to trading this week - I'll post some current trades with the 3 chart screen so you can see the entry points

GBP/CAD - this entry could have been take 1 to 2 days earlier, given that PA was falling away from the weekly S/R level, the Day was already reversing and H4 was in agreement.

2 entries with TP1 set to 80% of the Day ATR7 value at entry ATR7 =127pips), so TP1 closed out at +110 pisp.  TP2 still running with SL set to BE.  Will now wait for add-on trades in the Asian sessions.

As PA moves and creates new H4 Fractals, this is where the SL will be moved to.

--- 帖子 #1956 ---
wnabo,

I'll be posting charts with trade history and then you can compare between the day TDI / candle patterns and the H4.

Personally, I like taking signals from the day, because then you have PA momentum in your favour - and also because I cannot watch the charts waiting for an H4 PA move!

I run my daily analysis during the Asian session and place trades accordingly and then monitor at 5am Pacific and may close if chart patterns look naff and may open if the H4 has picked up speed from the Asian session if I am not already in the trade.

--- 帖子 #1957 ---
tip,

The MAs are almost a personal preference, so whatever you feel gives you an edge.  Nice chart

--- 帖子 #1958 ---
GBP generally seems to be moving again, so most pairs show well.

GU day candles have engulfed the previus bear candles, so makes for a good entry point.

ATR7 was too low for me to run with 2 trades, so a single entry and now the SL has been moved to a BE point which coincides with the latest H4 Fractal Low.

If momentum picks up this will support an Add-On entry off of tonight's Asian session

--- 帖子 #1959 ---
Reading indicators and understanding what they are telling you can give you an edge with your trading

All indicators are based off of averages, which means they are all lagging indicators.  I have yet to see a leading indicator.  Many candle patterns are touted as being high probability reversal signals but you can read PA in accordance with the indicators, regardless of whether it is MACD / Stochastics / Awesome Oscillator, etc.

With this indicator, I would be looking to secure my positions and maybe close all open positions.  This is the Bill Williams - Awesome Oscillator and it is saying that PA momentum is drying up.  If PA stalls at this level, the indicator will change colour, and if PA then continues the trend, another white bar will be set and this is a good re-entry or add-on signal

--- 帖子 #1960 ---
Some random thoughts from Big E on trade entries - he was referring to H4 charts for these comments - HA refers to Heikin Ashi - we are using APB, very similar behaviour.  These are from the first 5 pages of the Trading Made Simple forum and well worth going back and re-reading the early days when Big E was active and posting training charts.

TDI was his only indicator although he did start out with Stochastics for confirmation and later dropped them.  On the main chart he had a 5EMA with a shift of 1 or 2 to show general PA.  So this can be done without all the crap I put on the charts - start simple and see where it takes you.

Hope this helps a few of you in being convinced that the H4 and Day charts offer much less stress and much higher returns for your efforts and to believe that more indicators don't really help   Thanks to Big E - he'll always be remembered on these threads

HA candles average a 3-8 candle run in most cases when it reverses... That's why I want to enter on candle 1 or 2 if I see a set up. A single candle on the 4hr nets you 30-60 pips or more generally. If it goes 3-4 candles you've already made 80-150 pips.

A set up is NOT GREEN TOUCHING RED. Why? Many times green bounces back and the original direction continues. That's a bounce trade.
Wait for green to CROSS RED and open your trade at the beginning of the new candle... usually candle 1 or 2.
Catch the momentum...

A Normal entry is when green crosses red on the TDI (and you can actually see the green on the other side)
A bounce trade is when green gets close to red but bounces away and the original trade continues are good entries generally.
I always look to the left for a possible res/sup level being near. If it's close I pass on the trade and go find another...

I generally quit trading at 6am Pacific (9am est). Why? The market might cook some for the next hour or two but unless there is a hot news announcement during the day... the market pretty much peters out and ranges... I don't want to be trading in that junk. Thats where dealers make most of your money is ranging markets and 5-15 min time frame trading... you got to quit trading those trash time frames. Granted there are 2 out of 100 who can Kick bootie there but chances are your in the 98% who can't. I hear it over and over traders complaining that they have 2-3 years experience but can't keep their head above water... always losing or just breaking even... or worse...

You can't get different results if you keep doing the same thing over and over... just ain't gonna happen anytime soon...

Years ago I traded stocks but later switched to fx. I started using higher timeframes moving up from 5 to 15 to 30 to 1hr and I was seeing benefits every time I went higher. Kept working on the TDI honeing it to the maximum simplicity possible and moving up to 4hr charts and trading at my bed time... wow what a difference in pips earned... stress free as I slept...

--- 帖子 #1961 ---
Many thanks for the refresher, David;

Best Wishes, Bob

--- 帖子 #1962 ---
Just so that you can see a trade not going to plan - Jury still out on this one, so I am not killing it yet even though we have the weekend coming (probably a dumb idea, but let's see)

Reasons for entering AUD/CAD:

Pull Back on the weekly chart - not sure the channel is valid - still testing this.

Day - PA at a Weekly S/R level - MACD decreasing and CCI dropping below +100 and the start of a TDI Cross above the 68 zone (the one thing I don't like is that the TSL is still moving higher).  Candle pattern over the past 5 days has had a Pin Bar and we are now in consolidation, so nothing conclusive for an entry.  This is a very narrow range for Day closes, so a breakout is due (coin toss?).  One thing to note with TDI is that just because it is above 68, does not automatically mean it is going to reverse - it can still go higher.

H4 was showing bearish divergence on TDI and AO and PA had turned Thursday night was moving lower with AO and TDI confirming - my sell stop was hit so now I have -35pips on the 2 entries.

Entry based on Day ATR7 @ 65pips, so SL is at 130pips - TP1 is at 60pips.

Fingers crossed now on this one and prayers to the forex gods

--- 帖子 #1963 ---
AU - looks to be turning - but do you bet against the day trend?

One of my rules is to not go against the Day TDI, especially when the TSL is showing a strong trend as typically RSI crosses to the downside when TSL is heading up are mostly PA pauses and then there is a continuation.

I would like to see Thursday's Day candle engulfed and TSL flatten / reverse.

Wait and see on this one for Sunday/Monday to see what PA does, even though H4 is showing a Bearish Divergence on AO!!!

--- 帖子 #1964 ---
GU has maintained its momentum, so an add-on is now in play

SL is being kept below the last H4 Fractal

--- 帖子 #1965 ---
NZD/CAD

Daily Chart:

TDI big cross slope is 11.0

PA manage to push through the fractal lower of the congestion band.

EMA 200 and 100 is far below.

Weekly Chart:

TDI not crossing but with hint to cross

Momentum for uptrend is stalled as previous bar cannot make new high.

I am in this trading. Anyone else ?

--- 帖子 #1966 ---
NZD/USD also looks good - well into the move now - may stall at the upcoming day resistance @ around 8530, so may give another entry if trend continues,

--- 帖子 #1967 ---
hi brit

which is the post to refer to your full write-up for your trading method?

i want to study and incorporate your trading thought in MA and MACD.

fyi, i use both MA and MACD.

e.g. http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...19#post7382619

trust we can exchange trading view.

--- 帖子 #1968 ---
Hello Britpips,

you are doing a great job here. Am a little bit confused as to your basics of entring a cross.

Is it that you take crosses from demand and supply zones or confluent levels for continuation of trends?

--- 帖子 #1969 ---
Britpip, do you still use supadem? What is your settings?

--- 帖子 #1970 ---
USDCAD, EURCAD and GBPCAD giving some interesting signals ...

--- 帖子 #1971 ---
GBPAUD have a crossing candle push above the EMA5. Is a bullish engulfing bar too. Anyone in this pair ? I use real candle. And I only do day trading.

sorry for the lousy screen capture from my phone. I am not able to access my chart now.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #1972 ---
Interesting one, I'd like to see a close above  the EMA23 and the previous fractal or 2/7. Hasn't done it om my screen. RSI is a bit low too

--- 帖子 #1973 ---
Oil on daily chart, possible entry according to TMS in vertical yellow line.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Added 89EMA and 34 EMA to know trend direction, and horizontal round number line as they show support/resistance, maybe because the future market is more centralized (everyone looking at same price chart) that is why they work better than in forex.

--- 帖子 #1974 ---
Interesting situation on the gbpchf. The day hasn't closed yet to indicate a 2/7 cross and RSI is still a bit high.  The top of the last few days is also a significant pivot point

--- 帖子 #1975 ---
Looks like this hasn't worked out

--- 帖子 #1976 ---
Apologies for all the lines. Interesting move on AUDUSD

--- 帖子 #1977 ---
Well, AUDUSD isn't working gout at the moment. Second choice was AUDCAD, this one has a live trade moving slowly in the right direction.

On the AUDNZD the purple line represents predicted movement. Whilst I haven't yet taken a trade the first move was quite accurate. Looking for a long entry now

--- 帖子 #1978 ---
anyone still doing this method?

--- 帖子 #1979 ---
still plugging away - not been posting for a while, but still trading

--- 帖子 #1980 ---
Watching aud/jpy - reversal in progress - see how PA runs on Monday

--- 帖子 #1981 ---
well, that fizzled out!

--- 帖子 #1982 ---
AUD/NZD looking promising

--- 帖子 #1983 ---
dont you think too many indicators to verify a trade ? i think price action is enough for trading ..

--- 帖子 #1984 ---
primary indicators are TDI and PA - mostly the rest are running experiments - I have a couple of stripped down charts that I refer to which also work.

--- 帖子 #1985 ---
Britpip - [I want to preface this question that I am asking this question sincerely, not trying to point out that you use indicators or whatever]

Do you believe using the MAs and the TDI offer a more precise, and I guess, more consistent entry than trying to use just support/resistance and defining what an "entry" candle looks like? I ask because I have been looking at moving more trading to EOD and am just interested in learning others' approaches to daily chart trading.

Thanks -

--- 帖子 #1986 ---
The indicators that help me the most on day charts are the support / resistance levels.  The weekly S/R levels are often stall points / reversal points as well as the 200ema which becomes a dynamic S/R level.  The Supply / Demand Zones are part of this and they often coincide with the weekly S/R levels.

PA leaving or bouncing off of these is often a strong entry point and in many cases precedes the TDI cross.  Moving average crossovers do work for some folks, but are usually read in partnership with other indicators and this adds to the data points in making decisions and often to the analysis paralysis syndrome.

The APB colour change is an additional bonus for an entry as once the colour changes (with a decent candle body and smaller wicks, or a pin bar) the PA will usually follow that direction for several candles.

Waiting until EOD gives you some time to review / analyze the PA relative to the indicators, or the recent candle patterns and in many cases the Asia session can kick off a new move.  At the very least, you can create a watch list for pairs more likely to make a move, especially if a TDI cross and/or APB colour change is in play.  It will also help to reduce your screen time and the number of trades and therefore stop the overtrading.

Trade durations can be anything from a day to several weeks with a disciplined approach to Stop Loss management and trading the day charts takes out a lot of noise and false signals.

The TDI TSL for me is a very strong indicator - if it is on a trend run from 32 to 68 or 68 to 32, then it is most often telling you that the the momentum has been established and to stay in the trade.

Hope this helps - happy pip hunting

--- 帖子 #1987 ---
Thank you for the detailed response. For the sake of learning, perhaps you can help me read the right side of this attached GU chart.

TDI Reading: I see the TDI has reached well above the 68 line, but we are also in a huge uptrend on the GU, so this isn't unexpected. We have had a cross below the red line, and now has dropped below the blue line, moved up and then hooked back down. This hook actually formed a divergence in price/TDI, as the price poked higher. The red line is almost crossing the blue line [I apologize, I don't know the names of any of these lines, if they have them]. The blue line is however still moving up. Also, the TDI has breached the low of the last TDI pullback and now could be forming hidden divergence supporting a long.

Price Reading: The last poke above the upper resistance could be considered a bit of a stop hunt and has since sold off, with an inside bar, and then today's bar breaking below its low. There is potential support not too far below, and then more support at the previous broken resistance from April.

Would this be good enough as a "bounce" trade? Is it too close to potential support? Has this been trending long enough where a reasonable retracement can be expected? Or perhaps we are in a bit of consolidation, building up the steam to move up again higher. If this bar closes where around where it will be, the APB will again be red following a blue retest of the highs earlier in the month.

Any help you want to provide would be interesting - thank you. I seem to feel a number of conflicting signals are present; perhaps its best if its not screaming "take the trade!" to just forget it?

EDIT: I apologize for being a learning sloth... I just read the first post thoroughly. It appears you used to use the RSI, but it appears no longer?

EDIT: I suppose attaching the chart I was referencing would be worthwhile.

--- 帖子 #1988 ---
AUD/NZD still moving and has reached the 89ema - still 120 to go to 200ema and 220 to weekly s/r level

No overbought signals at this point in time - possibly time to add a TS - I'll wait until EOD for that decision.

If current trend continues there will be an add-on for tonight which will make it 3 open positions.

--- 帖子 #1989 ---
Britpip7 could you explain your reason for the first buy entry?

--- 帖子 #1990 ---
PA leaving the Demand Zone and the candle had engulfed the previous candle from 7/10, also the TDI had crossed at the entry time and was moving away from the 32 zone, as well as an APB colour change.  The 2/7 Arrow would not appear until the following day so this was not part of the decision process.  RSI 10 was on the increase bit I do not recall what the value was at trade entry - seeing as it was 51 at day close, I suspect it was <50, so not part of the decision process.

--- 帖子 #1991 ---
AUD/NZD continued to run with the trend on Friday - 2nd add-on set up before the close on Friday which has triggered.  we now wait to see what the Forex Gods will do at market open on Sunday.  TS running on entries 1 and 2, so if thre is a pull back of 50 pips, this will close out all positions for a total of +60pips.  If PA continues, then another add-on can be taken on Sundays close.

--- 帖子 #1992 ---
Were you using buy limit or a manual entry?

--- 帖子 #1993 ---
I think it was a manual entry for this one, however I normally place pending orders for buy stops and sell stops

--- 帖子 #1994 ---
AUD/NZD day 5

Trades are just about holding in there with the SL not hit Sunday / Monday.  AUD red flag news event this afternoon and this evening with the RBA announcements, so fingers crossed for some upbeat Aussie news.

This event usually moves the AUD, with the last 2 announcements triggering 200 pip drops against the NZD, so this will be a test for the recent run up.  Price is stalling so maybe a suggestion of another drop?

--- 帖子 #1995 ---
Encouraging response to the RBA discussions - no new additions to the trade - running with a trailing stop on the 3 trades, so we will see where this goes overnight.

--- 帖子 #1996 ---
8th day for this trade - AUD CPI went well and PA continues north - next news event for the AUD/NZD pair is the red flag events for RBNZ statements and NZ Trade Balance tomorrow.

Currently the EMA7 and TDi TSL are both trending up, so no real signs for an exit, just keep moving the SL with the PA. PA is back to setting HH / HC / HL, so another good sign for continuation.

200ema now coming into play - if PA breaks through 200ema, the sl will be set to 200ema minus 30.

The Fib is on for those of you who like to see some additional lines  just to show where PA has reached in retracing the 350pips fall from June 4th - to July 10th. A combination of a 61.8 Fib level and the 200ema may well slow things down as may the RBNZ announcements tomorrow.

4th add-on now in play - so what this means is that when the pair stalls / pulls back, for every 1 pip pull back, that is 4 lost pips - this is where you need to stick to the trading plan and manage the SL settings and ensure that combined lost pips do not kill your profits too much. This is all down to risk tolerance for the individual trader - no real set rules here - how many pips can you stand to lose? If this trade continues and fully recovers the prior drop, there is at least another 100pips to go, which equates to an additional 400pips, or if it retraces, it loses 200pips of profit and the end result is +200.

The real test is when it is real money and not a demo account - this is my live account, so real $$$ at stake here.

--- 帖子 #1997 ---
AUD pairs are still continuing their trends and with today's news, NZD is also on a run - more NZD news tomorrow may help the trends build momentum.

EURO pairs reaching low points, but mostly still moving lower even though momentum is slow.

GU is still struggling to break and is sitting just north of 1.7000

With regards to my ongoing AUD/NZD - Day 9 is continuing the trend run and PA has broken and left the 200ema and is now testing the Supply Zone from the previous highs back in early June.

I would normally suggest closing trades at this point but the momentum is strong enough for PA to blow through the zone past 1.1000 and then we could see another 400pis of clear sky before the next serious zones. EMA7 and TDI TSL still very bullish. Trailing Stops reduced in case the PA stalls out at this level. If this happens, then worst case will be a total of +780pips - not too bad for a 9 day trade

--- 帖子 #1998 ---
Britpip7 you have just produced the best trade I've seen on Forex Factory, patience must have been a key factor here, but it does demonstrate that if you can master day charts there is much less stress and far more pips to be made. Time for me to follow your thread on a daily basis, thank you for sharing your system, Brian

--- 帖子 #1999 ---
great trading britpip

i have a question, on the TMS thread i noticed you said you didnt trade if the 4hr and daily TDIs did not match. what do you think of only taking trades when the daily TDI is in congruence with the weekly TDI, eg on an mtf TDI indicator?

thanks

--- 帖子 #2000 ---
Thanks - I should clarify that statement - If I am trading H4 timeframe and the H4 conflicts with the day then I do not trade.  If I am trading the day, I rarely look at H4 - all my entries are based purely on what the Day PA is doing relative to S/R and candle structure in conjunction with TDI.

--- 帖子 #2001 ---
Thanks - welcome to the thread

--- 帖子 #2002 ---
Dear Britpip7,

Today i came to know about this thread while reading Quote of Blamshakk on Big-E TMS thread.

I have glanced through few pages and found it extremely useful. I appreciate your efforts and fruitful inputs.

I realized that I basically need this type of strategy instead of losing money frequently as intraday trader.

I just subscribed. Now onward, i'll stay here permanent and will try my level best to grab max. knowledge for implementation and survival in a better way.

Regards,

Azfar

--- 帖子 #2003 ---
ok thanks

can i ask how the trading on daily timeframe has been this year, im finding it more of a challenge than last year with not clearly defined trends and ranging markets. i know you alter your stops and tp based on ATR so has it been more choppy

blam

--- 帖子 #2004 ---
Hi Blam,

I have not been trading much for the past few months, so just getting back into it after a hectic schedule.  EA seemed to be the best pair on day for me, so that was fun - It's been sulking for the past moth or so,

--- 帖子 #2005 ---
GBP/AUD has had an interesting reversal pattern form over the past two days. Initially a PA bounce off of the 200ema as well as the current ascending channel, followed by a continuation of the move long.

Note that the lower line of the channel is running with the 200ema, so a significant dynamic support level at present.

Nothing from TDI and 7EMA, so these are still indicating momentum short, although other indicators show PA as oversold, so another one for the watch list as if PA continues north, there will probably be a colour change on APB on the Sunday/Monday candle.

--- 帖子 #2006 ---
EUR/AUD is giving signs of reversal with a bounce off of the Demand Zone by 100pips, but no signs of reversal on TDI or EMA7 at this point. Another one for the watch list

Key Weekly S/R numbers are all BRNS - 1.4000 / 1.4500 / 1.5000 and as Big E would often point out, these seem to attract the PA.

EJ would also be worth watching

--- 帖子 #2007 ---
Thoughts on AUD/NZD

Full retrace completed

All open positions closed as price stalled at the Supply Zone + PA stalling @ 1.1000

Friday Candle is a pull back / pin bar which copies the Thursday candle - both days fail to close above 1.1000 and appears to be holding short of the Supply Zone created by the previous highs in early June.

TDI angle and strength is strong as is EMA7, however TDI is heading towards the OverSold region. Most other indicators are showing this pair as OverSold on Day.

The weekly range is 540pips which started back in Jan 2014 - 1.1000 is the high of that range.

Depending on what the Monday PA does, this may well be a reversal candidate - way too early for setting entries at this point unless you are gambling - I am watching this on for a reversal candle pattern and a TDI and EMA 7 flattening before any decisions to go short.

--- 帖子 #2008 ---
Hi Britpip7, I'm following your thread. Have some experience with TDI ( thanks to Big e's TMS thread) but came across with your thread accidentally. Look forward to your posts.

Regards

--- 帖子 #2009 ---
welcome to the thread

--- 帖子 #2010 ---
Britpip7 regarding your post 1267

I really appreciate your thoughts a comments regarding the TDI/RSI and size and shape of candles.  However, I don't understand your meaning when you stated the following

"4. Colour change candle value (ATR 1) should be at least 75% of the previous candle ATR 7

5. Colour change candles that are > 2X of the ATR7 may result in a PA stall"

What is a candle value ATR 1 or 7 and how would I find that value?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #2011 ---
Pivot - Everything should be in Post #1 - the indicator is ATR Pips UL Corner

Short Summary - If ATR7=100pips, then ATR 1 for the APB colour change should be 75pips - however, I would be OK with 50% or 50pips. when the APB changes colour, there needs to be a reasonable body size - not all wicks, so I initially came up with 75% as a test. If you enter on really small candles, the move generally loses momentum. I have attached a snapshot of my data window so you can see it in action.

the APB Guidelines were posted last year and may be of use

Indicators for Chart (Day)

Synergy_APB_[C]

ATR Pips UL Corner – color to none - periods 1 – multiplier 1 - this will give you the ATR for a single candle

ATR Pips UL Corner – color to none - periods 7 – multiplier 1 (read dcginc posts for using this and setting SL and TP)

EMA 200 – blue dotted – Price Typical

EMA 7 - Price typical - shift = 1

Fractals (Bill Williams)

Supply and Demand indicator II_SupDem

--- 帖子 #2012 ---
Interesting watching the charts right now - many pairs are set up for reversals but have no price action - very small candles on the day charts, so entering is a complete gamble.

In some cases it can pay off to switch to H4 to pick up the moves as they commence.

AUD/NZD is a good example of PA momentum stalling and holding underneath a strong weekly S/R level, so looks to be a candidate if it follows traditional patters!!!  But then what do I Know?

Wait for the move to pick up momentum and run for while and then enter in the direction PA.

--- 帖子 #2013 ---
Britpip7, would u kindly share the indicator which shows i the tdi window,showing the tdi slope values.Thank u .

--- 帖子 #2014 ---
everything you need is in Post #1 - please read the post and the referenced posts

Also, these are the settings

--- 帖子 #2015 ---
Hi BP7,

I am really so happy to see that you are posting again. Love the new charts and explanations.

Thanks, AG

--- 帖子 #2016 ---
With all of the Price Action moves in the past 2 weeks - NZD/JPY is worth reviewing

PA was moving higher while TDI was decreasing in strenght, so this gives you a TDI Bearish Divergence warning, which is telling you the next likely PA move is probably down.

There is a very strong APB reversal candle - change of colour and a textbook shape - strong body with wicks top and bottom.

PA breaks and closes below the recent Fractal Low as well as the EMA7.

TDI matches the PA move.

Great angle on the TSL and the EMA7 - While these are in agreement, then there is no reason to exit the trade. Add-ons can be taken as the PA moves lower.

The one hiccup is the pull back which gives a draw down of approx 90 pips, so here is a possible stop out. To mitigate pull backs I try to set my SL to a recent candle close / open - for this example it would mean leaving the SL @ BE for a while longer.

As usual, this is all hindsight training, but a good exercise to get your brain focused on entries and SL settings on longer trade runs.

--- 帖子 #2017 ---
Nice to be back

--- 帖子 #2018 ---
My analysis is that PA might reverse at 86.5 or 86.0 levels to the upside probably next week for a longer move. With TDI around 32 level a possible down move around this time wouldn't have enough steam.

--- 帖子 #2019 ---
nimsri,

No NZD news for the remander of the week, but lots of AUD news, so AUD/NZD will also be worth watching.

NZD/JPY has an engulfing candle forming, so if that hold through FOMC and the rest of the day, may be worth some attention, especially of price can close above 87.25

--- 帖子 #2020 ---
longed NZ/JP.With TDI cross upwards: there's a confluence of MA 200 (green ). Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2021 ---
I'm with you on this one

I also have the following set to go:

AUD/NZD Short

GBP/AUD Long

EUR/AUD Long

This will be interesting heading into NFP!

--- 帖子 #2022 ---
HI BP,

what server time you on now? with the GBPAUD are you waiting for the TSL to cross the 50 line ?

i too am watching this pair but on GMT ....

Nelly

--- 帖子 #2023 ---
Nelly,

My day candle starts at 5pm Pacific, so 8 hours time difference

--- 帖子 #2024 ---
thanks BP

on your server time what are you waiting for when you say 'set to go'

--- 帖子 #2025 ---
also also if i may ask BP - what would you say is your average draw down before things set off back in your direction ?

i know and understand you need balls of steel for the day charts - i have watched some of my recent day trades draw nearly to the point i gave in - just to watch them bounce back and pay me hansomly .....

--- 帖子 #2026 ---
That would be the first 4 hours of the new day, so up to 9pm Pacific

--- 帖子 #2027 ---
One of the approaches is to use the ATR7 value.  The approach from dcginc was to to set the initial SL to 2XATR7, so depending on the pair and its daily range, that could be 300pips, or swing high / swing low, whichever is the lower value.  The worst DD I have seen is 150 - 175 pips.  At this time it is usually close to stopping out, so leaving it to run is no real additional risk.  The difficult aspect is when PA goes 80 pips down and sits there for 2 days!  If you lose the signal / entry criteria completely, then it can be worthwhile to kill the trade and wait for the next set-up - difficult decision.

Typically if the price moves into profit and hits the TP1 level which will be 1XATR7, and then move TP2 to BE, there is a good probability for higher profits - at least worst case is TP1 = 1XATR7 and a TP2 @ BE.

--- 帖子 #2028 ---
Hi Britpip,

I was going through all the pages of this forum. And this is kind of revelation, should say.

I read somewhere you saying that if D and 4H TF's are not in synchronous, you will pass on the trade.

What if Signal is very strong on D TF, but over sold on 4H TF, what will you do? Check EG as an example ...

TIA, Aditya

--- 帖子 #2029 ---
If the Day chart is showing a strong cross, I will take the day signal - I rarely look on the H4 to confirm a Day chart entry.  If using the H4 for signals and it goes against a strong Day trend, it is usually a pause in the trend and will then continue with the overall day trend.

This is not a pair that I watch, however, if you use a channel to show the trend, Day and H4 are together, as PA is pulling off of the top of the channel.

Strong hook on the H4 TDI with a corresponding PA off of the channel - it will be interesting to see if the H4 200ema has any effect in holding PA and setting a new support level - Wait for H4 TDI to cross / confirm

Day shows a lot of zones being set, so this may well be the end of the recent freefall and PA may settle to a 100pip range, especially with 0.8000 being a nice BRN.

the weekly chart shows that the next main support level is 160 pips away, so ne real interest there.

--- 帖子 #2030 ---
EUR/NZD is worth adding to watch list - also check out EU as complete mirror image.

--- 帖子 #2031 ---
Well that didn't go according to plan - TDI TSL had not fully rolled, so was carrying more up momentum than I was expecting - and then NZD did get a huge reverse candle, so not at all helpful.

Still on the watch list as TDI TSL is now looking more like it is rolling over.

--- 帖子 #2032 ---
Hi Britpip7..

I am very new to forex....

GBPNZD candlestick chart......showing  forming pin bar same place as it previously formed.

What is your thought..Please share

Regards

Xbd14

--- 帖子 #2033 ---
What I do see on this pair is the 2.0000 as one of those key numbers that traders like to focus on. This may end up as a significant S/R level and PA is currently bouncing lower.

TDI is just showing Bearish Divergence, so more support to the lower PA argument

I am planning on seeing what the Asian market will do with this pair - major AUD news this afternoon so that may have an impact.

--- 帖子 #2034 ---
Looking at the Friday PA, I have a couple for the watch list heading into the weekend - these are for reversals - there are a number of continuations in play, but I tend to avoid trying to dive in halfway into a move:

GBP/NZD Short

EUR/USD Long - but this may well be a pause in PA, so not initially looking at this as a high probability position

EUR/JPY Long - huge reversal candle in play on Friday

AUD/JPY Long but only if PA continues off the current pull back / pin bar

--- 帖子 #2035 ---
I have seen a lot of discussions on low volatility over the past few weeks and from trading just the day charts, here's what happened on the some of the pairs I focus on - these are all from July - August 2014 - the # of candles shows that these are all longer term trades with positions open over several weekends.

If you were trading all of these pairs at the same time, your account and your nerves would have seen up to 38 open positions, so probably not practical - but very possible on one or two pairs simultaneously.

The pips are out there, but on the lower time frames there are a lot of false signals.

--- 帖子 #2036 ---
Very nice indeed! Tough to find a good Trend these days.

Do these results reflect a 2 lot strategy like you have talked about before? And were the exits taken by a fixed TP strategy or some other plan?

Best, AG

--- 帖子 #2037 ---
Usually I am moving the SL behind each day so using the previous day low or the day before that for a long.  IF PA is nearing S/R levels and I see indicators stalling / reversing, I may take a manual exit (and then complain about the additional 100pips I could have got if I stayed in )

One thing that most of the old timers wiil tell you that once an indicator is in the OverSold / OverBought region, they are unreliable, so difficult to use - base all decisions on PA at this point, so if PA starts to reverse and TDI is above 68, consider exiting and saving the pips.

Taking a 2 lot strategy helps to put some early pips in the bank, but using 1 lot for entry and then adding on after the entry ART7 value has been passed will still give very good yields and does reduce your entry risk by 50%.

There will be the occasional loss where both entries get taken out (this will usually occur in the first 3 candles as an Engulfing candle - mostly from a news event, so look ahead at the upcoming news - watch out for for red flag events - I never place trades before NFP and FOMC releases), but I only see this on less than 10% of my trades - the pips won on the bigger trends easily cover that.

--- 帖子 #2038 ---
Liking your explanation a lot! The clearest yet.

I see that these trades were all taken on a Daily basis. In the past you have talked about H4 for add-ons. There had been a nice down move on UC prior to your example. Did you take any H4 trades on either move?

Best, AG

--- 帖子 #2039 ---
I am only trading Day charts now - H4 kept getting me in trouble  Mosty because I'd jump in too early and not respect the day trend!!!

--- 帖子 #2040 ---
Hi Britpip7,

I highly appreciate your posts and I wish you every success in your trading.

I'm going long GBPJPY if this candle closes strong. It found good support and might test new high.

--- 帖子 #2041 ---
GBPUSD daily. I find danger in this one. TDI could be seen as suggesting long (red's flat though) but look at the TDI-MTF. I was intrigued by the large space between the red and blue so I scrolled back to find another when it was indicating the same type gap. . The previous time I found TDI-MTF took a couple of weeks to come into agreement with TDI again. Nerves of steel might have scalped some pips long but mere mortals like me no way am I touching it

But then again I'm new here, some of you ones have been around much longer and your knowledge is far more than mine. Hows my synopsis?

--- 帖子 #2042 ---
Hi KMW,

Can you share the TDI MTF indi?

Thank you!

--- 帖子 #2043 ---
Sure but see the similar threads to the left of your screen, might have to scroll to the bottom of the page for it. trading made simple etc etc, they are all in there. If you put indicators into mt4 but they don't show up it probably means they are not compatible with any build after build 600, I'm on 670, just delete them again and find the ones that are.

--- 帖子 #2044 ---
back from a week's holiday - hope you have all had green pips - not been able to trade seeing as the grand canyon had no internet access - no sure that was a bad thing

--- 帖子 #2045 ---
Hi.

If we have trade D TF on Monday, when do we trade? After London Open? ... And if we take a D TF trade on Friday, are we not risking to keep the trade open for the week end?

TIA

--- 帖子 #2046 ---
I am new to here...& interesting day trading very much...I download all indicators from paperclip, but still some thing missing i think....please, can some show me what are missing from my chart ? & i am not clear how to enter the trade? what are the rules for entering trade ?

--- 帖子 #2047 ---
Tia,

My rules for day trading are to base all trade decisions off of the previous day close - I review charts during the Asian Sessions, which is 5pm to 8pm Pacific.  If there is a strong move in the first 3 hours of the new candle and confirms the previous PA direction, then it can be taken as an entry.

Another strong rule is to trade in the direction of the TDI Trade Signal Line.  If the TSL is heading up, ignore any RSI Price Line crosses that are opposite to TSL.

Remember, we are looking for larger pip gains on the day charts - If a pair does not have the possibility of moving 100pips, then we should question whether it is the right pair to trade - there are plenty out there that move 100+pips.

--- 帖子 #2048 ---
This is how my charts look - this is a live trade on AUD/USD

--- 帖子 #2049 ---
Tia,

another rule to watch for is once you have a TDI Cross and a colour change on the APB, make sure you enter on the 1st or 2nd candle.  The 3rd candle after the TDI cross is too late.

--- 帖子 #2050 ---
EU weekly is still pushing lower and is heading towards 1.3100 which may hold the PA - no new entries at this time - If PA bounces then there may be more opportunities to enter short once the pause / bounce is done.

From looking at the TDI, here are the observations:

MBL is now below 32 - this does not happen very often with any pair, and may give hope that there will be a pullback in the near future.  The MBL will try to pull PA back to the 50% level eventually.

TSL - last 3 days have still seen TSL values dropping and it is now at 24.9 - TSL has only been that low once in the past 3 years.  Until TSL starts to increase in values at the day close, ignore any TDI crosses, and then watch out for Supply/Demand Zones and S/R levels.

Once any indicator heads into the Oversold / Overbought zones, they are incredibly difficult to read, so relying on signals from these types of indicators is dangerous.

--- 帖子 #2051 ---
GU looks promising for a mini retrace with the week showing a bounce.

Similar story line to EU with the exception that there is a fresh TDI cross from the 32 zone which will attract some interest - watch out for the 200ema about 100pips above current PA which may well reject a PA move higher and provide more short entry opportunities.

If this is broken on the upside, then it will be worth following.

--- 帖子 #2052 ---
GU and EU continue to be heavily oversold as do most of the $ pairs.  Any TDI crosses need to looked at as pauses / mini retraces, so keep the money management tight until PA really confirms any reversals - most likely scenarios on these pairs will be a pause and then trend continuation.

GJ presented a nice set of TDI crosses on H4 and Day charts with the H4 cross matching with the Day TSL direction, so a strong entry signal.

This entry was taken off of the day charts - if the H4 cross was taken this would have added another 50pips to the current trade.  With a pin bar on the Day chart, the entry could have been taken earlier as PA continued.

SL now moved to BE and the trade is going to run over this weekend - if PA continues then it is time to start adding on.

--- 帖子 #2053 ---
Currently looking at the retrace as a partial gap fill from Sunday's open - nothing fundamental to change the view that this is still heading down - Day TDI TSL is still moving lower as is the Day MA7.  As long as those two run together, I will stay in and look for more add-ons

--- 帖子 #2054 ---
Hello,

I am new to this thread, I was redirected from the original TMS thread cause I am looking to trade the Daily TF. I like the method as it is promising and simple and I think it may help me with my trading decisions. In hindsight, looking back on the charts it seems very profitable. I realize though that in real trading it won't be easy.

I realize that if this thread is still going then the method is proven reliable but I am curious how consistent it has been over the years as market dynamics change over such period of time? May be Britpit7 and the other senior members would be kind enough to share some thoughts.

Thank you!

--- 帖子 #2055 ---
Hi Ponchofx - welcome to the day chart aspect of TMS.  This works well with some of the swings we are seeing and with Add-Ons can harvest hundreds of pips, so this makes up for the quieter times when pairs range / consilidate,

Your biggest challenge is being patient and waiting for the A+ entries that you will see from many of the charts posted.

I am not posting much at the moment - nothing really new to share plus IBFX was acquired by FXCM, so until my live account gets re-activated.......

Once you get going, post some charts.

--- 帖子 #2056 ---
Britpip7,

Thank you for your reply! I will do some practicing and backtesting of the method to build my confidence. It really looks promising. I actually did a simple backtesting on 6 pairs. I went back on the chart 1 year and up to now I took a trade to TP1 each time the TDI lines crossed. For the sake of simplicity, I didn't apply discretion or additional rules/filters - it didn't matter if it was 32/68 set up or if the color of candles changed, or when it changed, or PA. Just the fact that the lines crossed or green line bounced off the red one(add on). Just one entry to TP1. Even that unrefined version produced over a 1000 pips per pair. That's amazing!

The one thing that I don't fully understand is how to use the readings of the slope in the bottom right corner, are we looking for certain value upon which we make assessment?

--- 帖子 #2057 ---
I would like to offer my thoughts on  some pairs

AUDJPY added to watchlist

TDI lines about to cross near 32 area, TSL flat above the 50 mark and price paused just above the 200 MA. Waiting for color change and adequate bullish PA
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Weekly chart supports the bullish trend
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2058 ---
CADJPY is in similar situation

P retraced to 21 MA, TDI lines about to cross at the 50 mark but on retracement in a trend I think it is acceptable. Will watch price evolution as candles change color
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

And this is the longer term outlook. If we get a sustained break above the current market structure next stop is 106
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2059 ---
Here is another pair that I find interesting
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

TDI lines have already crossed a few days ago but no bullish momentum so far. But break above(happening now or so it seems) the triangle will fuel the bullish trend and give us opportunities to enter on break of fractal or play the add-on scenario on the first retracement on 4h
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2060 ---
I took a small short on USDCAD. Candles changed color yedterday, cross at 68 zone, good slope, flat TSL, RSI is at 55(on 4h TF already crossed the 50). Since this is a countertrend trade I am setting a target of 7ATR (90pips) which is pretty much retrace to 21 MA.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

PA also suggests that conservative short position is justified. Although on W chart the bullish trend is obvious and slope of TL is getting steeper, we paused at major R level
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

On daily chart we see that bulls are rejected at 1.12 for the 4th time this year with a nice reverse candle. I expect to see some consolidation before another attempt to break R is made and the current bearish momentum to drive P a little further south (may be to test bullish TL).
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

In conclusion, this week's close and this month's also will shed some more light on the broader picture - either break R or set a DT in place.

--- 帖子 #2061 ---
EURAUD D1 Chart, all signal is good besides the EMA200 is just slightly below last Friday Closing.

Any option to take or leave this signal is welcome.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2062 ---
eur/aud has a strong looking s/r level at 1.4600, so patience on this until PA confirms.

this pair is my primary for live trading and cantake a few candles to confirm, especially when messing around on the 100 / 200 EMAs

--- 帖子 #2063 ---
Poncho,

It is a very powerful approach and can pick up some major pips on the larger trend runs.

On the TDI Watchdog, I don't really use the slope numbers but the higher the number the better the slope angle for an entry.

--- 帖子 #2064 ---
CAD/JPY may be worth watching to see if attempts a reversal - need a change in candle patterns but this may be bottoming out on the current channel together with the 100/200EMA.

--- 帖子 #2065 ---
EUR/AUD is setting up for a reversal - nothing on TDI as yet, and PA has been in a 300pip range recently so still possible for it to continue ranging.

PA has bounces off of 1.4600 for the second time in 10 days, so worth watching.

NAB Business Confidence can often influence the AUD, so today's announcement may be the start of another monthly run.

abbreviations on the chart:

NFP = USA Non Farm Payrol

NAB = AUD Business Confidence

EMP = AUD Employment

RBA = AUD Royal Bank Aus announcement

--- 帖子 #2066 ---
Hi Brit, RBA = Reserve Bank of Australia

Cheers

B

--- 帖子 #2067 ---
Hi everybody, I'm a newbie and in the next days will try to analise the D charts following the BigE and Britpips rules. Would be nice to analise the charts together and trade together like in a trading room.

- Georgewashington

--- 帖子 #2068 ---
Sincere apologies - must have been a subliminal slip

--- 帖子 #2069 ---
George - welcome.

please post charts and analysis any time - day charts tend not to be hectic enough for a trading room, and most of us only check set-ups once or twice a day

--- 帖子 #2070 ---
Despite the pull back yesterday - overall day trend is still moving higher and heading back up to 1.4600

The NAB day close didn't inspire much confidence with the late pull back, so the up trend was never really broken still waiting for a reversal to confirm!

TDI is still confirming PA - everything heading to the 68 zone

--- 帖子 #2071 ---
Still watching CAD/JPY for it to reverse - looking more encouraging with yesterday's candle - similar pattern on GBP/JPY but lots more pips at stake there!

--- 帖子 #2072 ---
Agreee with Brit, CADJPY really nice pair to trade are at normal less volatile as other JPY pair but good ! Is stable !

Spotted the EURJPY does have a good signal when checking P.A it already 3rd time this zone is still supported (Just my personal view).

Check the PA chart attached is a nice pin bar there !!! (Also is a Fakey setup)

Anyone mind to share his opinion on trading this pair is welcome!

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2073 ---
Lol, happens to the best of us

--- 帖子 #2074 ---
EURAUD looks pretty promising for a short? It is getting below 1.45000 with a nice looking cross?

I am very new at the game so interested in your opinions. Weekly trend just changed color as well.

--- 帖子 #2075 ---
EURCAD looks like a possible Sell for dayly. Both Monthly and Weekly trend looks descendent. The cross just happened and we are in the red HA candle. There was a bounce on resistance at 1.4435 and next TP should be at 1.4060. What is your opinion? I'm a beginner....

--- 帖子 #2076 ---
From the first post, Birt did mention to set the TP according to the ATR in pips.

You can read the post for the indicator and how to use it.

--- 帖子 #2077 ---
Hello,

I just read first post and i am subscribe with interest. lets see what happened

--- 帖子 #2078 ---
Nice to see you guys still going

--- 帖子 #2079 ---
still going - bit like the Energizer Bunny

--- 帖子 #2080 ---
ATR7 is what I base all of my Take Profit levels on

--- 帖子 #2081 ---
Good evening !Does this ATR7 indicator calculate in different timeframes different ranges ?Thank you . K . Dax

--- 帖子 #2082 ---
It will be different on each time zone as it is looking at the previous 7 candles on the timeframe selected

--- 帖子 #2083 ---
Just checking in for the New Year.

Here is my latest trade on GA.  Now running with 3 entries per set-up - everything still based against the day ATR7 value for stop losses and taking profits.  This will put your SL up around 200 pips or higher for the larger moving pairs, so watch your total account exposure for money management.

Similar results with EA.

--- 帖子 #2084 ---
So with 3 targets do you take 1 at ATRx2, 1 at ATRx3, and one trailing?

--- 帖子 #2085 ---
I have been reading this thread from the begging & as explain in thread when TP1 is hit stop loss should set as BE.so in that time should we closed half of our trade and let other half to reach TP2 after setting 100pip TS or do you use another method?

Pls explain me it will help me to understand other post clearly..

Thanks

Helanka

--- 帖子 #2086 ---
Looking at TP1 @1.5 X ATR7 and TP2 @ 3 X ATR7 with TP3 left open to run - manually move SL as PA moves in your favour.

--- 帖子 #2087 ---
You can move to BE after TP1 closes or earlier if you prefer - I tend to move to BE after PA has moves to the ATR7 value

--- 帖子 #2088 ---
@ Britpip7,  Could u with an example on chart show how to use the atr to put stoploss and the profit levels. I have shifted back to the daily charts, also put in 03 entries,but I take profit differently. Trying to find out if there is a better way of doing it. Thank u and God Bless.

P.S.    My apologies if this has already been answered, would appreciate being directed to the post.

--- 帖子 #2089 ---
From Post #1:

SL and TP levels:

From the TMS thread - dcginc posted several posts on setting up SL and TP levels using the ATR(7) and I have tweaked this to match my approach.

I now run with 3 entries per set-up and base my SL on the current ATR(7) - usually 1.5XATR(7) or the previous swing H/L / Fractal - this will mean SL levels are sometimes 200 + pips on the more volatile pairs.

TP1 for reversals is 1.5XATR(7)

TP2 - options here are to set TP2 at 3XATR(7), OR, for TP2, you can always leave this open and manually manage the trade. My suggestion is to start out wit the fixed

TP3 - no fixed level - run with manually adjusting SL levels

Experiment with TP1 and TP2, see how it works, modify as necessary, but don't allow the greed glands to take over your trading plan

Once TP1 is hit, move TP2 and TP3 to B/E and then manage to your trading plan.

--- 帖子 #2090 ---
GBP/AUD had a 250pip candle, so this one is now done with 3 entries closing for a combined net of 1,000pips.  No Add-Ons, but there were a possible additional 400pips here.

EUR/AUD held on, so TP 3 is still running - SL was originally set to a 200pip TS.  Current ATR7 = 140pips.

--- 帖子 #2091 ---
Dear Britpip 7,

Pls explain me when we enter  three trades for any trade set up & set stop loss for those trade 1.5xATR(7) & if my 1st 2 trades hit stop loss how we manage it.because we lost 6 trade in that time.but when we profit we have to let trade run till TP3 to recover those loss trades.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #2092 ---
Hello,

I started trading daily using your method, and I really like it?

Is this you current template for trading?

I only see a moving average, TDI and ATR.

Do you take your decisions using this indicators only, or do you use any others.

I've been using EMA 233 because I read on your posts that you avoid trading when price is heading EMA 233.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #2093 ---
nice tweak over here. 15 mins before us data

--- 帖子 #2094 ---
Hi There, my name is Ruud and I'm new to the trading world. Recently opened up a demo account and have been soaking up information about currency trading of the past couple of months. From my demo trades I never quite understood why my 'obvious' trades went completely the opposite direction.

I've read a couple of pages and installed tried the indicators and charts. When I check my older trades that went in the other direction then expected I found that this system had very clear indication that those trades were going to go against my own trades.

Thanks to all of you for sharing your detailed information and indicators!

cheers!

--- 帖子 #2095 ---
The fallout continues from the Swiss National Bank policy change which will inject volatility into CHF and probably EUR trades/

Anyone in a UK or a USA broker with segregated accounts should be safe despite the posted losses which are huge.  So far we see losses at FXCM @ $300M, Alpari UK @$200M, Barclays @ $200M, Deutche Bank @ $150M, and these are just the major institutions, so probably hundred of $millions lost elsewhere!

When you consider that a few days earlier, SNB said their Euro pegging policy was still good and then they pull the rug - they obviously knew the implications of what would happen.

Lessons Learned?  Don't over leverage your accounts, Don't trade without stops, Don't trust central banks!

--- 帖子 #2096 ---
I took a few hits during the SNB fallout, as it did spike a few currency pairs.

EUR/AUD closed out on its TS setting (not a result of the SNB actions!), which in hindsight, probably should have been set 50 pips above the 200EMA.  That would have been a SL of 250pips on TP3 which would have still protected over 200pips of profit.  If this had not been stopped out, then there was an extra 500pips to gain.  No tears over spilled milk - this set of trades was still worth a total of 720pips.

Lessons Learned here is that you can open up your SL on the TP3 position and the 200EMA is a Dynamic Zone which is often respected by PA - learn to use it on the day charts.

Next week should be interesting.

--- 帖子 #2097 ---
For those of you asking generic questions, such as: how to enter, use of indicators, how does TDI work, etc.

Read Post #1 and the referenced posts / threads / top traders / study the charts that I post.

This does take some reading, but well worth the investment of your time and effort.  I have been in the Forex scene for the past 5 years - most of it reading and testing methodologies - this does not happen overnight.

Every method will have losses, so be prepared to take some hits along the way - after all, you do have to offer the forex gods a sacrifice once in a while

--- 帖子 #2098 ---
I am trying to be really disciplined on trading chosen pairs only - hence the attached screenshot - I can watch all my selected pairs and review possible entries as they appear on the new day candle.

Note the distinct lack of any CHF pairs!

--- 帖子 #2099 ---
with regards to the 233ema, this was a style that Big E was testing with a 23 ema.

I have since reverted to the 200ema and dropped the 23ema.

If price is moving towards the 200ema, you need to have at least the ATR7 value of pips space between PA and the 200ema to make it worthwhile, as PA will often pause / bounce back off the 200ema.

If PA breaks through the 200ema, then consider setting your SL at least 50 pips on the other side of it to give the PA some room to move.  See my comments in post # 2102

--- 帖子 #2100 ---
Add Everest to the list - main hedge fund closing after being on the wrong side of the CHF move!  $800M?

CitiGroup loses $150M

Getting uglier by the day - and there will be more as the fund managers disclose more losses next week

--- 帖子 #2101 ---
Dear Britpip,

When we check Weekly chart for trend direction what should we look?Should we only get D1 TDI crosses acording to Weeky TDI(if W1 TDI cross for up side we only consider D1 buy trade & W1 cross down side we only get D1 sell trade only)

Pls explain me because when i back-tested i found some times D1 tdI come from 32 OR 68 area But in that time weekly TDI just cross for opposite side.

So pls advise what should we consider when looking weekly trend?

Thanks,

--- 帖子 #2102 ---
Weekly charts take a while to reverse and generate a TDI cross, the weekly will typically lag the day chart by a few days.

For reversals, you could wait for the APB/HA bar to change colour before verifying on the Day chart, but you will miss out on the earlier day chart entries.

I prefer to operate mainly on the day charts and use these to judge the trend - you can still take the weekly charts for setting the S/R levels and these often provide a good signal for reversals.  If you have a strong weekly trend, then a day reversal is often a minor pullback/pause before resumption of the trend.

Additionally with the day TDI, entries with the RSI Price line and TSL both heading in the same direction as PA are the stronger entries, especially when they are coming out of the 32 / 68 zones, or the RSI is bouncing off of the TSL, as this gives a better confirmation of the move.  Price bounces off of the 200EMA together with a TDI cross are also strong entries.  IF the TSL is flat, this is often a sign of price consolidation.

--- 帖子 #2103 ---
If your 4X account is outside of the USA or UK, then you must ensure that your accounts are segregated and that the broker cannot use these funds to pay off debts.  This should be a standard requirement in the USA / UK brokers, but still needs verification.

Just saw this post, which unfortunately describes a lot of traders in 4X

"It's amazing how many have real money accounts but no clue how brokers work or if their money is protected."

--- 帖子 #2104 ---
Dear Britpip 7,

Could you pls share your TDI Visual Indicator.I think there is a different in  TMS Watch Dog Indicator & your indicator.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #2105 ---
I have RSI Price Line set to 4 and TSL set to 8 for the day charts.

Should not be a difference between the two.

It will also depend on which broker platform you are on and when the day candle starts - my day candle starts at 2pm Pacific

--- 帖子 #2106 ---
Dera Britpip 7,

My day candle start GMT+3 same as yours.therefore TDI setting amend as yours. still i am reading the thread & not finished.But trade real account according to the rules.

Attached here my GBPJPY D1 trade on last week.TP1 HIt & TP 2 Closed as BE trade.

Could you pls explain me Acording to our rules we set TS after TP1 close so when we back test how we can understand whether our TS hit or NOT?And also tell me Do you still Consider 21EMA before enter a TRADE?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #2107 ---
Dear Britpip 7,

Pls advise me is this is a valid setup or not?

TDI red green cross on D1 and w1 for UP side.Weekly Previous Weekly candle was a blue candle.Last fractal break.entry candle break & closed above 21 EMA.Entry candle ATR1 is 104 & ATR7 is 75.MBL at oversold area.TDI come from 32 Region.

I entered this trade but closed BE because of  lack of My confidence.

Thanks

--- 帖子 #2108 ---
Dear Britpip 7,

Your image show there are 8 pairs.I need to know you usually trade these 8 pair only ? or you add currency pairs to your watch list once any currency pair comes to over sold or over bought area for looking  possible reversal?

How you choose currency pairs to trade?

And other thing i need to know is think if i want to risk 2% of my Equity for any trade.According to your current rules you enter 3 trades for a good setup.

I want to know even i enter 3 trades my risk should be 2% or it should be 6% of my Equity.

Because now my account balance is 1100 usd so i trade 0.01 lot size(this is the smallest lot size).even if i enter 2 trade having set my SL 200 pip i have to enter 0.02 lot per trade.It will increase 2% my risk.

--- 帖子 #2109 ---
Helanka,

I was creating this post last week so your question is well timed and addresses an issue that many traders struggle with.

Risk / Money Management

When looking at % of account risk per trade, your initial % at risk can only be calculated once you know your Trade Size, your Stop Loss and your trading account leverage.

For Example:

Account Balance = $1,000

Trade Size / Lots = 0.05 = $50

Account Leverage = 100:1

Stop Loss = 100pips

With the above settings, your Total $ at risk = $50, which means that your % of Account at Risk = 5%

If your Stop Loss is set to 200pips, then your Total $ at risk = $100, which means that the you’re your Account at Risk = 10%.  If you are trading with multiple entries, then this amount would be at risk for each trade entered.

The example for using the ATR(7) at trade entry for setting Stop Loss would look like this:

ATR(7) = 120pips

Stop Loss = 1.5XATR(7) = 180pips

Account Balance = $1,000

Trade Size / Lots = 0.05 = $50

Account Leverage = 100:1

With the above settings, your Total $ at risk = $90, which means that your % of Account at Risk = 9%.  If the Account % being risked is too high, reduce the trade size.  If you reduce the Stop Loss, all you do is pretty much guarantee that the trade will get stopped out.

The attached spreadsheet may help

--- 帖子 #2110 ---
GBP/AUD entries from this week

Original entry on 1/21 was with 3 entries after the PA bounced off of 200EMA.

Took an earlier profit of 150pips based PA nearing the previous day fractal and set SL to BE on TP2 & TP3 - PA pulled back and both positions were stopped out before PA continued its upward trend.

Re-entered with a single entry and took an additional 110pips before Friday close

On the TDI, test how the TDI crosses work.  I prefer to wait for a TDI cross to be confirmed with TSL and RSI both heading in the same direction.

--- 帖子 #2111 ---
EUR/JPY

With all of activity on the Euro this week, it seemed a waste not to pick up some pips based on the freefall.

This is not a TDI entry as there is no cross and TDI is heavily oversold, which means that it is unlikely to give an accurate sell signal, and most traders using TDI will not add short trades in this region.

Entry was based on a pending short sell set to 133.75 which was below the zone - the previous day fractal lows were at 134.12 and 134.68.

TP1 manually closed for 115pips after a 170pip pullback.  TP2 & TP3 set to BE.

--- 帖子 #2112 ---
With regards to how I select the 8 pairs on my screen - mostly based on the higher ATR7 values - I see no point in watching a pair with an ATR7 of 50 when there are many pairs running at an ATR7 of 100+

I also try to have pairs covering all of the major currencies and due to the Swiss National Bank's policy on the Euro, I had decided not to bother with any of the CHF pairs over a year ago - the EUR and CHF pairs ran pretty close, so I stuck with the EUR pairings.

If one of my 8 drops in volatility and starts to range with a smaller ATR7 then it will be dropped. This happened last year with the UJ so it was dropped.   I have another day screen that just has HA on 16 pairs - if I see a colour change then it always worth a look, but the goal is to stick with my 8 selected pairs

--- 帖子 #2113 ---
Dear Britpip 7,

Thanks for your reply about Risk / Money Management.

regarding your GBPAUD 1st buy trade you have entered was against the trend.W1 TDI cross to down side & W1 ABP color is red.when you enter it not break previous day high so how you enter that trade in that point?because some time i missed trade when thinking above things.

Also pls tell me Your blue moving average setting(EMA5 SHIFT 2 apply closed or another setting)

--- 帖子 #2114 ---
AUD/CAD Worth putting on a watch list after market open

Thought about running a pending sell stop to catch PA as it fell below the 200EMA, but had too many open trades with $ at risk. Now that the trades are closed or are now set to BE, this is now worth seriously reviewing.

TDI coming out of overbought region

PA reversing and closed below 200EMA and engulfed 1/21 candle

HA change to red

Day fractal is at 0.9772 - set entry below this level?

--- 帖子 #2115 ---
This maybe where you have too much data.

Also depends how you judge the trend on the weekly charts - see attached

Day entry was based on the day PA with the 1/20 candle bounce off of 200ema

--- 帖子 #2116 ---
here is what I have on the day MA

--- 帖子 #2117 ---
Thank you Britpip 7

--- 帖子 #2118 ---
i downloaded the indicators and template and here how it looks my set up which i think few things are missing

so please can u upload all indicators needed for me ,and i believe u should do that on the first post as well

the candles are normal ones not the one in the setup in first post + i cant find the atr of the candles

--- 帖子 #2119 ---
Welcome - From what I see on your chart you have the ATR loaded - it's in the top left of your screen. Use your Data Window to see the values.

You have TDI loaded, you can disable the dotted/bolinger lines and just run the TSL / RSI / Market Base Line

You do not show the Synergy APB candles. Check to see if it is installed for the chart.

You have the Fractals loaded - so it looks like you are almost there.

The Il_supdem zones are optional

From post#1

Indicators for Chart (Day)

Synergy_APB_[C]

ATR Pips UL Corner – color to none - periods 1 – multiplier 1 - this will give you the ATR for a single candle

ATR Pips UL Corner – color to none - periods 7 – multiplier 1 (read dcginc posts for using this and setting SL and TP)

EMA 200 – blue dotted – Price Typical

EMA 100 – aqua dotted – Price Typical

Fractals (Bill Williams)

Supply and Demand indicator II_SupDem - optional

Indicator Window 1

TMSTDI Watchdog – all settings at defaults – Set the alarms that you do not want to false and adjust the font sizes accordingly for your set-up. Colors are personal preference for the TDI lines - I do not use the "Bollinger" lines, so I stick with TSL / RSI and MBL

Overlay the RSI set to 10 with no color – just a personal preference – higher probability trades when RSI(10) is above 51 for longs and below 49 for shorts. Again – another one for the Data Window.

Fully read Post #1 and follow the links to referenced posts - also read the last two or thee pages - it takes time but will be worth the time spent.

--- 帖子 #2120 ---
Dear Britpip 7,

When I check your attached image i found some entry point you mentioned by vertical line has not consider RSI 10.I have marked those point on below image.

and also when i back test i found there are good TDI crosses but RSI 10 not above or below 50 but trade go well.but if I wait & enter after RSI 10 go above or below 50 some time missed the T/P 1 also because it was a Late trade.

But sometime  if we wait to RSI 10 to go above or below 50, we can escape from TDI false signal also.

SO Pls advise...should we consider RSI 10 as a must or not?

--- 帖子 #2121 ---
Dear Britpip 7,

I have below question regarding AUDCAD chart.

As you mentioned Day fractal is at 0.9772 and it also near the 50% retrenchment of previous move.RSI 10 around 57 area.

Shouldn't we wait  to PA break & closed below the DAY Fractal & fib 50% level?

So could you pls advise me do you consider those things before you  set pending Sell stop or not?(because when we set pending order RSI 10 not below 50)

Some time i missed  lot of trade opportunities when thinking above things.But after few days later when you reply your on going trades you picked some trades which I missed even I found that trade from the beginning.

--- 帖子 #2122 ---
RSI10 is not the deal killer on taking a trade - more nice to have really

--- 帖子 #2123 ---
First point - I never use the Fib levels fro trade entries - tried it but it just added another thing to worry about / create doubt.

Withe regards to Fractal breaks - it is safer to wait for a close, however, that is more of a personal preference and can also be dependent upon how strong the move is.  On the day charts I will set entry points 30 pips below a Fractal Low with a pending short sell.

AUD/CAD did not get there - TDI looks good, but no confirmation from PA!  Looks more like consolidation right now.

--- 帖子 #2124 ---
Dear Britpip7Thank you very mutch for your reply.

--- 帖子 #2125 ---
Dear britpip,

Sorry for a newbie question, is it a TDI an indicator?, I know it has to cross the candle(s), but how to show in the chart?. Thanks

--- 帖子 #2126 ---
You can see the TDI indicator in the bottom window of the graph on Britpip7's post #2127: http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...32#post8021932

I suggest you go read the beginning of the Trading Made Simple thread for introductory information on the indicators and methodology used here.

--- 帖子 #2127 ---
Hi everyone! I've decided after flailing around trying to figure out my own trading strategies using bollinger bands, ichimoku, candlestick patterns etc, that what I need to get me started is a solid framework with others following the same system. What could be more perfect than trading made SIMPLE?

I've read a hundred or so pages between this and the original thread by Big E. I've got my basic indicators set up and I'm excited to be joining what seems to be a really great community. Thank you all so much for your contributions of time and energy so far.

Inevitably I have some questions, I'll stick to just a few pertinent ones and pray some kind soul will help me:

1) Big E said that he would wait for the formation of the next APB (4h / daily) to form, then if it's the colour he was expecting after the RSI/TSL cross, he'd enter the trade. However, I've just entered a demo trade and now the candle has changed colour lol. What is the protocol here?

2) How do you use fractals?

3) If the RSI line crossed the TSL a bar or two back and now looks like it's beginning to flatten out, is this a bad sign?

4) If a signal is telling me to go in one direction but there is a big area of resistance nearby in that direction e.g. a monthly high, should I disregard the signal and look for another opportunity?

Thank you!

--- 帖子 #2128 ---
ZeeDeveel, I am probably just a matter of weeks ahead of you on the TMS methodology, but I will provide my comments and am open to correction.

I believe BigE would say the bar needs to close before the color change is known. Variants on this are waiting until the bar has almost closed (so close that it would be near-impossible for the price to move enough to change the bar color) or the price action (PA) moves so aggressively that the color is not likely to change.

There are two ways fractals are mentioned. The first references HH/LL and usually associated with trailing stops. The second is about support resistance and is usually based on Bill Williams Fractals (SupDemII perhaps being an example).

I believe BigE would get out (again, on close). Others will use a TDI cross only for the entry, and something else to determine exit.

You must asses the balance between the strength of entry vs. the obstacles the movement may encounter. There is always another opportunity.

You may want to pick up the TMS thread reading from October. Many questions are asked/answered in that span.

--- 帖子 #2129 ---
Thanks very much Randy.

So with regards to the APB candles.. I don't look for a brand new candle. I want a candle that is nearing completion? My only concern with this is.. If we're waiting for a candle to complete or near completion and buy short if it's red, long if it's blue (if confirmed by TDI) - doesn't this mean we're essentially buying at a peak in price? Could we move to a lower timeframe and wait for price to pullback in the opposite direction of the candle's colour for a more precise entry?

I will continue to plough through the TMS thread.

--- 帖子 #2130 ---
I may take a trade on a candle where the color has not set. This is in the area of preferences and judgments.

This is another area where you have to weigh your choices (strong confirmation vs. missed opportunity). You have both the pieces right here: You took the demo trade based on initial candle color, then it changed and went against you. If you wait for confirmation by color on close, you will have missed some pips.

I view TDI cross (or imminent cross) as the foundational trigger. Then the bar color and close outside of PAC as (main) confirmations. Note that PAC is not part of the core methodology in this D thread...I am trying to adapt.

I think it is accurate to say that the TMS expert view is that price action comes first, then TDI. But then you have the discussion about what is good PA which is where some go to candle stick (PA) methods, some to other analysis.

Generally, the TMS method is to know the price direction on the next higher timeframe. So if the Weekly TDI Price Line is pointing up, it limits Daily entries to long trades. To fine tune, many look at the next lower TF for a more-precise entry.

It is easy to over-complicate things, so I try to remember that this is Trading Made Simple, not Trading Made Complex.

--- 帖子 #2131 ---
One more thing, if the entry decision is correct and the market behaves "normally", we expect 3-8 more candles of favorable direction. So if you are using a D chart, 3-8 days of desirable price movement after the close of the decision candle.

--- 帖子 #2132 ---
So with 3-8 days of movement in our favour, I suppose precise entry points are not so important.

--- 帖子 #2133 ---
I have seen people trade with random entry points, but their trade management skills make the overall return favorable. However, I don't know that I am comfortable saying precise entry points are not important. Rather, the more precise your entry method is, the better you can evaluate your results and improve. Same for trade exits.

The way I manage my trades, I may have my stop at BE by the third candle after entry.

The expert traders know that there will be some portion of losses with the best system. So if you enter a trade and take a loss, the evaluation becomes "did I follow my system rules which produce 70% wins over time? If so, (1) nothing was 'wrong' with the trade or (2) there is a possible improvement to my method to increase the winning ratio."

A 70% winning system will have a long string of losses at some point, so you must keep a long-term view.

--- 帖子 #2134 ---
Just remember that when you are calculating / determining a winning strategy, a 70% win rate may look great, however, it is the the win/loss ratio that is the most important metric.

--- 帖子 #2135 ---
you are looking for the TDI cross with confirmation from Price Action

Ideal entries / lower risk will be when RSI and TSL are heading in the same direction and a cross from the 32 or 68 regions is stronger, but again must be supported by PA.

If you trading reversals, then wait a candle and confirm that PA is reversing.

I wait for the day candle to close before looking at entries, so a new colour on APB/HA will be an alert for me to go check out the action. trades are set up/placed in the first hour of the new day candle.

Attached is my day chart screen for new candle colour as well as the current pairs I trade - recently dropped AUD/NZD and brought in GBP/CAD. Currently I am not planning on trading any CHF pairs!

--- 帖子 #2136 ---
Hi BP! Could you kindly go over the time at which you enter again and what you mean by price action confirmation?

By PA confirmation are you simply looking for a certain coloured candle, or do you go to a lower TF and check for pullbacks for entry etc? Also how long do you wait for the new candle to be formed before taking it's colour to be a signal? 1 hour? 12 hours? etc

Finally from reading past posts I gather you prefer to take the 2nd candle of a colour over the 1st?

Cheers! And thanks again to Steadyrandy

--- 帖子 #2137 ---
Thank you so much steadyrandy and Britpip7.

--- 帖子 #2138 ---
I've just been doing some rudimentary stats on runs of 7 or more consecutive same coloured bars on 4h timeframe, selected somewhat at random.

These stats wouldn't hold up to too much scrutiny but I would say show some of the signs to look out for:

Long:

65% of long trades had a small sized candle of the opposite colour preceding it

47% of the time the first candle of the run was also relatively small (so size of candle seems somewhat irrelevant)

71% of the time the preceding candle had a longer lower shadow than it's body

61% the RSI and TSL crossed each other at a sharp angle

79% the TSL was either parallel or facing upwards

61% the RSI/TSL cross was below the MBL

80% of the time the RSI was less than 55%

Short:

46% of short trades of 7 bars or more were immediately preceded by a fractal (compared with 25% long - this is probably not statistically significant)

68% of times the preceding candle was of a small size

50% of the time the first candle of the run was small size (again implying that candle size in either the 1st preceding candle or the 1st candle of the run is of no great importance)

93% of the time the candle preceding the 7 run short had a upper shadow than it's body

89% of the time the RSI exceeded 45%

68% of the time the RSI / TSL crossed at a sharp angle

86% of the time the cross occurred above the MBL

39% of the time the RSI and TSL were heading in the same direction (21% less than long)

So there ya have it! Not terribly scientific and wouldn't hold up in a court of law but fairly interesting (to me at least) nonetheless.

Most interestingly was that 71% and 93% respectively, the preceding candle of the run had a very telling shadow.

86% of big shorts occurred from above the MBL where as 61% of the longs were from below. The longs were also the ones with the 71% revealing shadow on the preceding candle compared to 93% so this implies that the shorts are easier to spot by looking for a crossover above the MBL and a long wick on the preceding candle.

And it seems that either a sharp crossover or the TSL direction to back up the RSI are important for a good trade.

Candle size seemed fairly insignificant

Finally that a low RSI was required for a good long and a high RSI for a good short!

--- 帖子 #2139 ---
Nicely down on the data analysis, collection and summary.

Next step would be to calculate your win to loss ratio for pips based on the above.

On average Big E found that a colour change on the HA / APB resulted in 3 to 8 candles in the same direction, so entering on candle # 3 was not advised.

--- 帖子 #2140 ---
Hello Britpip7, I know you swore off from CHF for awhile, but what do you think abut the USDCHF daily setup? TDI is not there yet, but rolling away from 200d and light volume for the test.

--- 帖子 #2141 ---
Britpip7 and all,

I've been an off and on trader for the past few years, most recently trading index options, but I've managed to get interested in forex again and want to concentrate my efforts here.

I found the original Trading Made Simple thread and have read as much as I can, and that led me here. Trading the daily charts suits my lifestyle much better than middle of the night London trading (I'm in central US). I have read through enough of this thread to understand the basics of how it works, I just need some time and experience to get the nuances necessary to make this work for me.

Britpip7 you seem to have this nailed down pretty well and I hope to learn from your experience. I do hope this thread continues, it's a little quiet now, but most pairs seem to be consolidating so that could be why there's little activity here now.

In any case, thanks for all you've done, and I'll be lurking around for awhile, maybe posting a chart or two. Any help or suggestions are welcome.

--- 帖子 #2142 ---
Hi Randy - hope you got in the CHF recovery action - most currencies pulled back to where they were before.

Sorry for not being around for the past month or so - hectic schedule again, but I am still trading - rading is going well

--- 帖子 #2143 ---
Richard - glad you found the thread - I just dropped in to see what is happening - not much apparently - please post some charts - I promise to check in more often

--- 帖子 #2144 ---
Trading update for year to date 2015

last 11 trades have been successful

total trading success above 90%

profit factor 5.0 which is 5 to 1 win/loss ratio

Main message from this - cut down on the number of pairs you are watching - keep on the day charts - wait for the perfect entry - believe in the methodology

--- 帖子 #2145 ---
very well done Britpip! not many can beat 5:1 , and that is an excellent show of patience on your part! would you be willing to show us one or more of your entries with a chart and explain why it was , to you, the "perfect storm" of entries. I am still struggling with deciding what constitutes a nice entry and what should be left to pass.

Thanks!

--- 帖子 #2146 ---
Britpip 7, good to see you're still with us. I will post some charts as they come up. I've made a few demo trades so far with mixed results but learned a little from it, perhaps I'll get together a couple of examples and post them. Still getting caught back up with the nuts and bolts of posting, screenshots, etc. I'm also struggling a bit with MT4 but I can figure that out on my own.

What I would like to know from you Britpip is, have you settled on an MT4 template? I've seen quite a few throughout this thread. Also I like the idea of cutting down the number of pairs to follow, which and how many are you following? Is it the same as your screenshot from post #2141?

Last, great work on the 11 in a row! Could you post screenshots of one of the more recent trades with a little commentary, like why you got in, why out, where did you take profits, etc.? I know I'm asking a lot, but as was once said, 'you have not because you ask not'

Any help is greatly appreciated, the work you've done here is fantastic.

--- 帖子 #2147 ---
Here are my last two trades on GPB/JPY

Some overviews on the charts:

The horizontal lines are the weekly S/R levels that coincidentaly line up very closely to 500 pip intervals, so these all become BRNs at 190 / 185 / 175 / 170.  Whether this is a self fulfilling prophecy or not?  It is interesting on this pair to zoom out and see where PA rolls over and the alignment is there for the past 9 months or so.

The 100/200ema lines also show how these dynamic S/R levels are followed by PA on this pair - 100ema is dominant from 2012, with the 200ema being dominant since Sep 2014.

The zones are manually drawn in and I nuked the Il_supdem indicator only because when PA broke a zone, the indicator removed the zone!

With regards to my day settings for TDI - RSI is set to 3, TSL is set to 8.

I tend not to bother with the RSI 10 values so have removed it.

My golden rule for watching pairs on the day charts - If the HA / APB changes colour (depending on which you use, I am using HA but I am not convinced there is much difference in how this affects my trading!), then it is worth looking at as the "trigger candle" for a possible entry.

If the RSI has crossed the TSL at day close AND the TSL is moving in the same direction as the PA (proposed trade), then this is a higher probability entry.  If you want to verify of the TSL is increasing or decreasing in value, then enable the TDI Visualization to "show in the data window"

Commentary on the 2 entries.

Entry 1 - traditional TDI cross:

PA had hit the 185.00 and stalled and was now moving lower.  Change in colour on HA, so this becomes my trigger candle.  TDI cross with TSL heading down.  3 entries taken - first entry closed at +128 and SL moved (too aggressive) and was hit by the pull back for +5 pips.  Hindsight - could have left this alone for another day before closing and moving SL.

Entry 2 - continuation of trend - no TDI cross - PA break of 100ema and weekly S/R level:

PA approaching 180.00 and has broken 100ema with 300pips clearance to 200ema, so this becomes my trigger candle.  TSL and RSI still heading lower - entries set from 180.10 to 179.90 (probably should have set all entries below 180.00!).  First position closed before Friday close and SL moved just above Friday open - if PA pulls back then worst case is BE on all 3 entries.  Will monitor Sunday opening and move SL if PA continues south.

--- 帖子 #2148 ---
Richard,

Thank you for the comments.  I am on a nice run at the moment.

here's my current pairs - the final 2 - CAD/JPY and AUD/NZD are the only 2 that I will swap out if I see another pair with good ATR numbers / trading ranges.

Golden rule - do not open multiple trades on multiple pairs - too much risk on the account.  Once a trade moves into profit and you have locked in the pips with the SL, then look for another entry.

--- 帖子 #2149 ---
Thanks - just to clarify - the 5:1 profit factor is calculated on Gross profit / Gross loss

--- 帖子 #2150 ---
Thanks for the quick response. Before I ask a bunch of dumb questions I'll study what you've posted here and go back and re read some of this thread. Right now I know enough to be dangerous (mostly to my account balance) so I'll keep demo and back testing until I have some intelligent questions.

Thanks again.

--- 帖子 #2151 ---
Richard - sounds like a good plan - my biggest issue was over trading until I settled on the day charts - it's a very common issue.  Next up on the list was entering too early and not waiting for the signals to confirm PA and TDI direction (or even worse, dropping down in time frames and taking the H4 signals!) - I used to try and get every pip on a move, but once you realize there are hundreds of pips on the the day charts major moves, then missing 150pips is not a concern.

Having a core number of pairs to watch works well for me as you get accustomed to how they move and how they interact with weekly S/R levels and the 100/200ema.

I only ever take a set up after day close and try to place any new trade entries in the first few hours of the new day candle, or, worst case, no later than 8pm Pacific.  If I miss the move - too bad - I will not place a trade until after the next day close, or until the next S/R break / bounce, or TDI cross / bounce.

--- 帖子 #2152 ---
OK, I'll try posting a chart, GBPAUD. I haven't done a whole lot of trading but here's one that worked out. Unfortunately I'm still struggling with MT4 a little and inadvertently closed out the entire trade at around +185 pips. I wanted to close half and move the stop to break even but it closed the whole thing. I'll figure it out.

But....it was a decent trade. I liked the way it was bouncing off the 100ma like it had twice before, TDI crossed up below the 50 line. I was a little sloppy on the entry but that's one thing I like about trading the daily, there's more margin for error. The plan was to take profit at about 1 1/2 times ATR, then move the stop to break even and let it go till there was a clear exit signal. I think I missed about 100 more pips because of the untimely early exit, but it gets me thinking about the potential exit, which I think just occurred with a TDI cross back down. That would've resulted in a +300 and then +150 closing the second half.

Question for you Britpip, would that be a proper exit? I know you're exiting in 3 stages ideally, but I'm looking to get some in trade management tips.

Also, How many trades do you take on a weekly basis? Maybe monthly would be a better question? Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2153 ---
Good to see this thread still alive. After a long hiatus im gonna get back on the wagon

--- 帖子 #2154 ---
Currently I enter with 3 entries as individual trades about 5 pips apart.  This means I can close them manually one at a time and with the stupid USA broker rules for FIFO this does work.  I am looking to run TP1 and then move to BE after that triggers,  for TP2 and TP3, run the SL to the previous candle low - this would result in both being stopped out on April 3rd pull back.  Any trade resulting in profit is a good thing - closing too early sometimes leaves you regretting it because that can "lose" several hundred pips.  I have done this many times as the temptation is to bank the $ with the live accounts .  It's all a case of fine tuning once the entry signals are clear.

The trend reversals only occur every couple of weeks or so, so this means that depending on how many pairs you trade, you may see a trade entry opportunity most weeks.  Mostly I am seeing 3 or 4 trade entries per month, with the possibility of several hundred pips per trade if I actually stick to my trade plan , but then I am focusing on a lower number of pairs.

--- 帖子 #2155 ---
Not too active on FX this week - here is a simple one on GBP/AUD for 147 pips - single entry and manually closing when price hit the 100ema

--- 帖子 #2156 ---
Hi Clarence - thanks for checking in - hope to see some charts from you soon

--- 帖子 #2157 ---
Here would be the recent entries on GBP/AUD.

One thing of note is that for each entry opportunity, the TSL is moving in the same direction as the proposed trade entry.  It's a patience thing

--- 帖子 #2158 ---
To get a feel for how this works with waiting for the TSL to move in the same direction as the proposed trade, expand your indicator window 1 to full screen and add a vertical line for TDI crosses where both RSI and TSL have crossed and are moving in the same direction.  Then pull the window back down and see what this would have yielded with regards to the # of pips won / lost.

Next step is run through some manual back tests and use the F12 button and advance one candle at a time - when you see a cross that is valid, mark with the vertical line.  Rinse, repeat and see how this approach works.

--- 帖子 #2159 ---
Just saw the following re-posted on the TMS thread which was a post from Big E as he was teaching on what he looks for before each entry - worth re-posting here

Your safest trades will always be when green crosses red and you enter on candle 1 or 2... odds are in your favor. Why? Because I'm expecting 3-8 candles... which is average...

With bounce trades the odds are lower for your success... but it still works.

When wanting to enter a TDI trade... take a moment first to observe basic 4x things... like:

How close am I to the previous high or lo (for the day charts this will be the weekly S/R levels)

Am I in an uptrend or downtrend.. short & long term... (for the day charts, we are usually looking for reversals or trend continuations after a pause)

Am I in or close to a consolidation area

Are the previous candles small...

Look at the candles on the last reversal... big, little, what

How does the momentum look right now (12-2, 4-6) (referring to the TDI momentum with regards to a clock face)

Does Stoch's confirm the TDI signal - I am not using stochastics, (this was part of Big E's original method, but he stopped using it.)

Sounds like a lot of stuff but it's basic stuff and only takes a moment to observe it...

If you don't already know these things... don't trade live yet... www.babypips.com is a good place to learn about the basics of trading 4X.

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...40#post4581540

--- 帖子 #2160 ---
Absolutely worth. Thank you for reminding Britpip7!

--- 帖子 #2161 ---
Hey BP,

Thanks for all your charts and information.  I was wondering if you could explain how you determine your TP1/2/3?  I currently use a combination of SL at 1x7ATR or close by previous high/low, and a TP1@150 pips and TP2@ 3x7ATR, I move SL to BE on +40pips.  I have previously used different TP levels (Fibs, high lows, TDI going flat, weak candle close)

I often get a good run of 150-250+ (TP1 Hit) then get another good run up to 200-350 but then I often get stopped out by the 1x7ATR trailing SL (missing out on 80-170 pips) before the continuation of the trend even further.  Using my previous TP methods I was finding the same thing happening... closing out too early before the continuation of the trend.

So I was wondering if you have a basic TP stratigy that you use and then if you would possibly explain what else you look for to prevent this occurring over and over again.  I know any green pips are great but I'm looking to gain 70-80% of the move rather than 30-40%.  Thanks BP. Ill post a Shot of a trade on the EU I'm currently in which I can see going that way.  (TP1 hit at 150, current trailing stop is at 151...  Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2162 ---
Hi guys,

Please, could you share the WatchDog indy.. Regards

--- 帖子 #2163 ---
Explore the forum for yourself some Miche, go to the top right of the page, click on the staple, then in file attachments, it's on page 3.

--- 帖子 #2164 ---
Thank you Kmw, so I just need to change setting of the RSI period to 3 and TSL to 8. Regards

--- 帖子 #2165 ---
If you can crack this problem, you get the keys to the kingdom

I typically place my SL at the bottom of the previous candle for long trades after TP1 is hit (1xATR7), so the main issue here is when the price spikes beyond the ATR 7 value.

Mostly it will depend on your risk tolerance as to how many pips you are willing to sacrifice in the hope of getting the large trend runs, so you can always test out the theory of using a trailing stop of 1.5 x atr 7 on the day candle, but that can be 300+ pips sacrificed on TP2 and TP3.

In the attached chart, pa gets to a profit of 480 pips, but with the SL at the bottom of the APB candle, this gives up 260pips on each of TP2 and TP3, so the combined profit for each of the entries would have been 410 pips out of a possible 1,000 pips.

Not sure there is a scientific response to your question - I too suffer from this on the longer term trends.  In the end I take the hits and look for re-entries from a new cross or TDI bounce.

--- 帖子 #2166 ---
Just my 2 cents here but here's how I do it. 03 trades opened at same price with pending orders( buy/sell stop). First profit taken when price is equal to the size of the trigger candle(set and forget), second profit taken when present tdi hooks or crosses( individual preference), let the third trade run till the htf tdi changes direction. On the daily tf the third trade sometimes goes on for more than a month with huge pips. I am not in the position,but someone trading full lots would need a pick-up, wheelbarrow wouldn't suffice.

--- 帖子 #2167 ---
Thanks for the reply BP and Csethna,

I shall try your TP method Csethna, I guess you move your stops on TP2+3 when TP1 is hit.

In terms of risk reward I like the 3x1 ratio so I will have to do a bit of back testing number crunching to see what kinda stops/risk I'm taking before getting in to BE. As I stated in my last post I currently use capital protection at 40pips, I'm sure anyone else using CP knows it has its pros and cons when it comes to the daily range trading.

As a little side note to anyone starting out, moving on to the day charts was eye opening for me, work through this form, understand it through a demo account for minimum 3 months profitable trading, stick to the method, patience is key to success.

--- 帖子 #2168 ---
Hi GG, after first target achieved,I move the stoploss for targets 2 & 3 to entry price.

--- 帖子 #2169 ---
Hey, yeah thanks, I figured that would be your strategy.

As I though I ended up getting stopped out on the EU trade for +152 pips, I know this is good but I'm looking at settling for 250-300 range when it comes, I find I get stopped out around the 150 range more often than managing to stay in a trade for the 350+pip swing, still looking at a few options using small amounts but the risk/reward for me might mean all I can manage is the 200-300 range, key to any trading is managing risk and I'm not happy leaving myself open to a huge stop after the pips have been made.  Always a possibility of a re-entry signal but I would always wait on the TDI confirming that, and I risk a lot less if we are not crossing the 68 or 50 line.

--- 帖子 #2170 ---
Looking at GBPCAD as a potential canadidate should it manage to find some legs to the upside here. The purple line is the 200 EMA, would be looking for an entry above there.

Weekly trend is not yet turning around, will be watching for this as well before entry.

Thoughts?

PS : don't worry about the sell trade, that is from another open short term trade that is for an unrelated(and failing for this trade!) strategy.

--- 帖子 #2171 ---
Just watching on the Day chart, you have a confirmed cross on TDI coming up from the 32 zone on a second white APB

TSL has moved to an upwards direction, so this is also good - all of the GBP pairs are showing strength at this time.

PA is running into the 200EMA which may cause an issue with price stalling and the price channel is looking as another possible issue here.

There was a similar move late in March that only resulted in 3 white candles, so caution if entering as you are now on to candle #3.

The next level of Resistance kicks in around the 1.8500 area.

--- 帖子 #2172 ---
Hi to all senior trader!

I'm new here. I'm interested in Day trading as my day job and other commitments suits this. Hopefully, Britpip7 and other senior traders will guide me.

Regards,

--- 帖子 #2173 ---
Welcome to the thread - Post #1 is still valid and reading the last couple of pages will give you the current thoughts on the process

--- 帖子 #2174 ---
EUR/CAD looks interesting from a Price Action viewpoint and ignoring all of the current news.

Price is coming off of a Weekly s/r/ level at 1.3100, so if price can close at the current levels, an entry on the next candle could be an option.

TDI crossing out of the 32 zone with MBL heading upwards is also a nice confirmation

--- 帖子 #2175 ---
Here's the current template for the TDI settings for RSI = 3 and TSL = 8 for use on day charts as well as the custom indicators (these need to be installed before adding the template). This is with the Synergy APB - if you prefer Heikin Ashi, just delete the APB and add the HA instead.

Indicators:

Main Chart

Bill Williams Fractals

Average Price Bars (APB) - these can be edited

100ema moving average

200ema moving average

7 linear weighted - shift = 1, weighted close HLCC/4

ATR pips ul corner

Indicator window 1

@TMSTDI Watchdog

--- 帖子 #2176 ---
Britpip,

I did not know that different settings were required for tdi for different tf. What tdi settings would u suggest for H1 and H4. Thank you and God Bless.

--- 帖子 #2177 ---
Hi Britpip7 thank u indeed. I'll spend my weekend on reading this thread,

Regards,

--- 帖子 #2178 ---
Default settings are RSI=2, TSL=7

The Trading Made Simple thread uses these settings for the H1 and H4 trades

--- 帖子 #2179 ---
Thank u for the information.

Regards,

--- 帖子 #2180 ---
are u sure, because this is making my tdi take wild swings. Even on the daily chart my tdi looks like yours only if the rsi is 13.

--- 帖子 #2181 ---
I work with 2 and 7 on fxprimus, works for me

--- 帖子 #2182 ---
Hi Britpip7! It's a great thread. thanx a lot

Regards,

--- 帖子 #2183 ---
Got an eye on GBPUSD, overall long term trend is still down and it has hit near the peak of the last pullback. If the bar changes color I will look to enter.

--- 帖子 #2184 ---
If you got in on this then TP1 was good for 140 pips with TP2 and TP3 sitting at 300pips.

--- 帖子 #2185 ---
If you are in this trade then TP2 should have triggered for 420pips which leaves TP3 running at 390pips with SL at the bottom of the current candle for a lock in of 130pips

Are you in the mood to let this run, or take the current profit?

--- 帖子 #2186 ---
Hi Britpip7 and other senior traders! Besides EC i'm eyeing going short on GU. Any suggestion/analysis?

Regards,
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2187 ---
Hey hsn,

I'm also watching this pair, I'm waiting on the next candle because I want to see a strong candle away from the 100ma and then I will go short, also I personally dont enter a trade on a Sunday night, like to leave the markets alone for 24H after the weekend just to let things get settled.  Its a good strong cross and will enter looking for a new low for T2 if a strong bear candle is produced on Monday showing the 100ma has no strength, but look left, sitting on bits of support so I want a strong candle.

Im no expert but from my experience of using this method you just need to be patient and take only the best signals, do not over trade taking every cross.  My average over the past 6 months is only 8 trades per month consisting of 2 losses, 3b/e and 3 winning, works for me with 3x1RR.

Good luck man/woman

--- 帖子 #2188 ---
looks like a great set-up, however, here are my key concerns:

TDI has yet to cross

TSL is still moving higher

After a large price action move like this, it cam often result in a pull back, so I will wait for the Sunday candle, but it does look so tempting!

--- 帖子 #2189 ---
Hi! GreenGoblin and Britpip7, now i will take into consideration the viewpoints of both of u, before entering into the trade, thnx a lot.

Regards,

--- 帖子 #2190 ---
Hi Britpip7 and everyone?

Is there a sell setup on GU? I see that previous bar close bellow MA7 and TDI cross.

--- 帖子 #2191 ---
Hey dinhienhy,

I'm also keeping an eye on this pair. Its not a trade for me just yet because of previous support/consolidation area, sitting on the 100ma, long wick on the previous candle showing lack of strength. I will post a chart on how I see things. I dont use the 7ma but I like the look of it, I didnt know Britpip used this.

I only enter on the close of a candle, so for me in the UK thats 10pm tonight.

Although the TDI cross is good look at the price action, although the current candle looks like a strong bear candle its not at all (currently), look at where the opening price is and where the price currently is, no momentum. I dont use smaller TF but I'm sure they will confirm the lack of momentum. So moving on, for me to enter this trade tonight I will need to see a move away from the 100MA, the ATR7 is 168 so I want to see price action moving south towards the 21MA and not just sitting where it opened up. This would show a strong bear candle and I would then enter.

Hope that makes sense as to why I'm not entering yet. Im sure BP will have other reasons to me also, so I look forward to hearing what he has to say on this set up.

--- 帖子 #2192 ---
Hi GreeenGoblin,

I see that previous bar also close below MA 100. I'm using current Britpip7's template. So I will on hold sell order

--- 帖子 #2193 ---
Hey Dinhienhy, not nice to see the GU lose momentum.  Your right in saying it closed below the 100ma on both candles but I like to see it move well away and cross the 21ma and not just sit around undecided, still it could head down from here... no one knows...

The only trade for me this week is the GA cross that happened last night.  I use Cave Managers capital protection so stop is actually at BE even tho it doesnt show that on the chart.

--- 帖子 #2194 ---
Thanks for your comment. My order hit sl = e.

Now, I'm also keeping an eye on GU.

Happy trading!

--- 帖子 #2195 ---
The TDI cross at day close and an ATR7 = 173 did not trigger a sell, so currently no trade action.

GB election on Thursday, so this could go anywhere if the outcome is not decisive - currently the polls have it pretty even, so there may be a play for a coalition.  Both main parties claim they will announce victory if the have the most seats, but that usually does not end well!

--- 帖子 #2196 ---
Hi Britpip7! Due to election i didn't enter into this trade yesterday.

Regards,

--- 帖子 #2197 ---
Is anyone watching XAU/USD? I am seeing a bullish uptrend because also of a weakening USD.

--- 帖子 #2198 ---
No point for us USA based traders I'm afraid!

--- 帖子 #2199 ---
Hi Britpip7,

hope you are well and so is your account. Would you mind to explain how the first 6 mth of 2015 fared?

Thanks and kind regards

--- 帖子 #2200 ---
Hello Britpip7,

hope the thread hasn't died... I am reading it from the beginning and starting to play around with the daily chart. There seems to be so much to learn from you. Be well

--- 帖子 #2201 ---
Not dead - merely resting

--- 帖子 #2202 ---
Getting back into the swing of things.Took two trades one win and one loss.Also been reading a few forex books.

--- 帖子 #2203 ---
glad to see you back - I'm not posting much as things are pretty much running per the previous posts - I'm taking fewer trades on less pairs - much less stress

--- 帖子 #2204 ---
Ive been looking at the Usd/Zar pair. The spread is crazy but the amount of pips to be made on it are even crazier.If you made the right call there were over 4,000 pips to be made in the last seven days alone.

--- 帖子 #2205 ---
Hello Britpip7,

first of all thank you for this great thread and the work you've put in here.

I have now tested TMS on Daily Charts in my tester for a few months  and today set at midnight my first Trade in EURAUD. TDICross, 2nd Candleis blue, some Space to go up to 1.63280.

What do you think about it?

regards

Thorsten

--- 帖子 #2206 ---
Hi,

I have made 2 more Trades at 0:00 oclock, EURUSD and EURJPY.

Both Trades have crossed good on TDI, 2nd candle und some space to run, EURUSD to 1.1200 and EURJPY to 134.35.

Regards

Thorsten

--- 帖子 #2207 ---
Today I have taken a trade in the AUDUSD, fine Cross of the TDI , 2nd Candle and much space to go down...

regards

Thorsten

--- 帖子 #2208 ---
Hi all and thanks,

first enter TMS Daily for me, USDNOK:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2209 ---
Hi,

another trade on the EURAUD, fine TDI-Cross, 2nd candle and enough room to go up

regards

Thorsten

--- 帖子 #2210 ---
Looks like a good trade to me

--- 帖子 #2211 ---
Another Trade on EURAUD, fine TDI-Cross, 2nd Candle red and some room to go down...

regards

--- 帖子 #2212 ---
Friend the TDI cross is not yet confirmed by candle close.

Maybe I am wrong bt that is what I can see on your chart.

DD

--- 帖子 #2213 ---
Hi Britpip7

I wanna try TMS for day chart

are you still using 1st post method?

--- 帖子 #2214 ---
Hi Dildubai,

please re-read the thread, look at Cross of TDI when new candle opens, no confirmation of candle close.

Also look at the thread "Trade made simple" by eelfranz

regards

Thorsten

--- 帖子 #2215 ---
Hey Thorsten , You´re doing fine the first steps here as I can see..

good job

Guido

--- 帖子 #2216 ---
A Trade in the morning on EURUSD, fine Cross and some room(round about 100 Pips) to go down, also nice Candle before, closed deep, not much retrace.

regards

Thorsten

--- 帖子 #2217 ---
Hi guys, i will read all thread but first i have one question.. ok two

My daily candle close/open at 11PM, my (german) time, then i need make order (close/open) ~5min until 11PM yes?

and how about Friday? (when market close), and Sunday when market open? still trading?

Thanks

--- 帖子 #2218 ---
Hi Profanans,

I am also a german guy, so I also wait till it's 5 min before 11PM, I then look at the Charts if there is an valid signal an then at 11PM and 2 min I will take the trade or not.

At Friday I won't take a trade, I will look Sunday at market open if there is a valid Signal.

A tip from a good german trader is first test this system with a simulator for 20-30 min on a day for around 2 months, then change to demo for another half year.

regards

Thorsten

--- 帖子 #2219 ---
Hi Deichkind (sorry i will write in english.. im living in Germany but my 'muttersprache' not german..

How about today? have you see some pair with good entry? (I dont)

im traiding (more learning..) with: Eur/Usd, Gbp/Usd, Aud/Usd, Usd/Jpy, Usd/chf, Usd/cad, Eur/Gbp, Eur/Jpy, Aud/cad, Eur/chf, Eur/Aud, Gbp/Nzd, Nzd/Usd

You say about simulator, but what about time? 15min?

im already 'learning' forex about 3-4 month(jumping from one system to other...), but now with TMS im working about 3 weeks, and i think i will stay with this system.

--- 帖子 #2220 ---
Hi Profanas,

jumping between the systems is a big mistake.....concentrate first on one system. Today(yesterday 11 PM) there wasn't a valid signal in my opinion....

On the Simulator I'm using only D1, only 20-30 minutes a day, only "good"/sharp crosses, not into SR-Zones, max 2nd candle. Please read the thread from the beginning and also the "mother"- thread from eelfranz....

regards

--- 帖子 #2221 ---
USDCAD - fine Cross, candle size around 100 Pips and enough room to walk down. We will see...

regards

--- 帖子 #2222 ---
Hi, traders. have been reading the TMS for a long time but never replied to any threads until now.

keep an eyes on GBP/USD, TDI is crossing up.

If it close above 5EMA with nice TDI angle(12-2 'o) I'll place the trade .... maybe next week.

Sorry for my English.

--- 帖子 #2223 ---
Hi Yule,

looks good for me with GBPUSD but now in my opinion it's to near to a resistance-zone around 1.5500 and the range of the Candle is to big

regards

--- 帖子 #2224 ---
Today at 23 o'clock another trade on the EURAUD, fine Cross, 2nd candle but only round about 100 Pips to go...

regards

--- 帖子 #2225 ---
I forgot to check this pair. TDI looks good but it's candle #3 now, I'm too late

--- 帖子 #2226 ---
no problem, be patient and wait for a shallow retracement on H1 or M15 to get a Day candle retracement entry ... 0.7200

--- 帖子 #2227 ---
two hours to NY open.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2228 ---
Hello, Deichkind!

Hello, Britpip7!

Hello, everyone!

I would like to give it a try on daily charts using the TMS. I hope there is room for one more here.  A common friend told me about you (HINT: his post is at the top of the page  ), so here I am. I hope I can learn a lot from you and from all the other participants of this thread. I am like Big E, I'd rather not look at the charts all the time. So I think H4, D1 are most suitable for my style. I am looking forward to posting my first D1 trade in here.

Many green pips to you all!

--- 帖子 #2229 ---
Hi Yule

Please can you tell me if your sup/dem bars are an indi ? or not .

If an indi could you post it for me , thanks , I'm gradually trying to work my way up the time scale bars .

--- 帖子 #2230 ---
A nice cross on GBPUSD, 2nd Candle and some room to go up...

regards

--- 帖子 #2231 ---
Sorry ,

We do not need to wait for the candle to close ?

I usually wait. which is better?

--- 帖子 #2232 ---
@huseyindogu: please read eelfranz thread "trade made simple" from the first page, trades are made at the OPEN of the candle...

regards

--- 帖子 #2233 ---
With respect I am appreciating the communication of how to succeed in this thread as opposed to the paradigm of other threads that seem to be hooked on acronyms to make it sound and appear one is the " master" or "big " person. This is important because if one is to verbalise how a post is written, the simple and plain the language the easier it is to understand the message.

--- 帖子 #2234 ---
Hi, guys!

My broker prints a new D1 candle in one hour. I found two possible entries, provided that when the new candle opens, it will be a decent sized candle and above the 5EMA. The TDI already has a good angle, so with the new candle open, I think chances are the angle will remain the same on these two pairs.

AU - the doji APB from yesterday confirms that the downward movement is exhausted, and there is potential for upward movement, since today's APB broke the high of the doji. The only issue I have is that the price is contained within the triangle. If the new candle opens as an APB that breaks the triangle to the upside, I'm going to enter.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

EC - today's APB will most likely close as a BUOB (sorry about that, OuterWest!  - Bullish Outside Bar), which is more confirmation for a potential upward movement.

EDIT: The TDI is coming out of the OS zone.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2235 ---
Hi Catalin,

I don't trade the EC but it doesn't look bad. But there is one thing, why don't you enter at the OPEN of a candle?Or does the cross occurred during the day?

Yesterday I have also AUDUSD but the large candle was happend through the news, often the next day stucked in this candle eg as an IB. Also I've drawn the Trendlinie, I'm waiting for a retrace to the south, hopefully it will beabove the 50s in the TDI...

regards

--- 帖子 #2236 ---
Another Trade, EURGBP, not a very nice cross but some room to go up, 2nd candle...

regards

--- 帖子 #2237 ---
Hello, Deichkind (or Thorsten, not sure how to address you)!

I intend to enter on the open of the candle, only on candle 1 or 2, as per Big E's rules. Yes, you are right, the TDI showed a cross when I posted the screenshot, but 24 hours earlier I did not see a setup. I either missed it, or the cross happened during the day, as you stated.

Your comments are very well appreciated. Thank you!

P.S.: I edited the mistake from the last post, when I said there was a BUEB, when in fact the correct term was BUOB. Thanks to this post -> http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...62#post8590062 , I corrected myself and learnt something new.

--- 帖子 #2238 ---
Hmmmm.... Would you mind explaining your entry? Did you enter purely based on the TDI cross? I see the APB very small, and I think when it opened, it did not open above the 5EMA. Was your entry based on the double bottom pattern? Or maybe on the outside bar pattern? I am sorry for asking, but I need to understand better. I am attaching a pic.

--- 帖子 #2239 ---
Hi Catalin,

EG was a "bullshit"-trade from me...closed it...

regards

Thorsten

--- 帖子 #2240 ---
Good morning, guys!

I took a short on EJ trade last night. It was the only setup I could see: sizable red APB, candle number 2, the TDI angle was right. The only issue I had was that we were crossing the 32 level. But I figured it will move 60 more pips, since the W1 is not in the OS just yet. I woke up with a smile on my face. 60 pips was my TP, 40 pips my SL, as per the instructions of a better trader.

--- 帖子 #2241 ---
Hi Catalin,

some times the price will go any further south wenn you are at 32 at the TDI but be careful. I'm trying to not trade in these areas.

What you can make is to avaible the volatility-bands on the TDI. I think the best trades will come when price were outside the bands and come back. Also when Short-Setup comes near/over the 68 and Long near/under the 32.

When you look on your example on EURJPY you will see that TDI works flat/range on the last 10 candles roundabout, avoid this and look for a better Setup.

In october this year I've found only 3-4 Setups, on Daily we have to be patient and have to wait for the best Setups(also on other TFs). Thats also a problem for me as you can see in the EURGBP above.

regards

Thorsten

--- 帖子 #2242 ---
Hello, Thorsten!

You are right. And there is an important S/R level, and zooming out or scrolling to the left will make that level very clear. As Guido pointed out in a PM, although it turned out to be a winner, it was a bad trade, for selling into resistance. My bad! I hope others will learn from my mistake.

--- 帖子 #2243 ---
Guys the problem we have here is wanting ti capture the entire spike that results out of the news release. I trade news quite differently with a fairly high level of success. For me it is not how many pips you make but how much dollars you make. Let me share with you three trades I took this month Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

These are M5 charts. I base my trades on M5 charts after the release. I aim for 40% of the candle body excluding the tail/ wick. That is if the candle body is 60 pips my take profit is 60 x 0.4 = 24 pips + spread. And I do not trade every news release.

Out of the three trades, the AUD one did not get to mt tp but I exited with more than half my intended target.

With experience the strike rate could be around 75%

--- 帖子 #2244 ---
And there is another strategy that I use for the wipsaw news releases with an equally high strike rate. I will share it with you with diagrams if you so wish

--- 帖子 #2245 ---
Dear johNal,

we only discuss here TMS Daily, not your strategy, no M5/M15/H1 and so on...only TMS on D1...nothing else

--- 帖子 #2246 ---
I am very sorry traders. I posted this in the wrong forum. I had several forums open at the time and posted in the wrong one. I will try to delete it. I am sorry once again

--- 帖子 #2247 ---
at Midnight two trades, EURUSD-2nd candle, Cross during the day, some room to go up, strong candle and USDJPY-also 2nd candle, cross during the day, room to go down and strong candle

regards Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

regards

--- 帖子 #2248 ---
Also NU, long signal. I don't know if you trade this. I checked the Japanese cnadles chart, to see if I have room for 60 pips. It seems there is just about that. But I am not sure if I should have taken it. My logic tells me I should have had about 80-100 pips room at least, and aim for 60. What do you think?
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Here is GA. This pair moves much in pips, so 60 TP seems too little to aim for. I went for a 180 TP and 150 SL. Bounce trade, confluence with the triangle break.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2249 ---
I see a TL in the way of UJ. It might not work out. Probably best to wait for break or bounce. What's your opinion?

--- 帖子 #2250 ---
Hi Catalin,

as you see I'm only looking for bigger trendlines but mostly concentrate on "good" TDI-cross, SR-zones and good candle...NU looks goodGA also...

regards

--- 帖子 #2251 ---
Thanks for the feedback, T!

Any idea why I cannot edit this post? I wrote "selling into resistance" and I'd like to correct that, but I just don't have the EDIT option.

--- 帖子 #2252 ---
@Catalin, I've the same problem, can't edit my older post, only the new one

--- 帖子 #2253 ---
Hi, guys!

Here is the outcome of my GA trade: TP hit, 170 pips.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

NU still in progress.

--- 帖子 #2254 ---
NU closed. SL hit, -42 pips.

--- 帖子 #2255 ---
Hey guys,

Some charts for discussion. What's your view?

Here's mine but feel free to have another one!

(ignore the sunday candle and keep in mind it slightly changes the TDI angles)

USDJPY D1

We're seeing a TDI cross with colour change. I notice a hidden divergence on the TDI also and the retracement was very shallow. 06/15 close provided firm support. Candles have been small last two weeks but I could see a driver for increased momentum up ahead this week in US data. I think this is a candidate for position building in lower timeframes with 122.00 as S/L

EURGBP D1

Crossing down on open of new day. Nice hidden divergence on TDI but we are inside consolidation area as seen by MC. Could be risky following this one. We're selling right into 0.70 which is also an important historical region and swing lows in July. I'm staying on the sidelines for now

GBPJPY D1

Crossing up following the USDJPY cross bouncing off 02/15 close but we're in consolidation seen by MC. We did not cross EMA10 and previous reversal looked good off 09/15 High with PA. 20MA sloping down. I think this could be a retracement/consolidation in a move lower and look to sell high.

EURNZD D1

TDI crossing down in oversold territory and 20MA sloping back down. Nice bearish PA bar off 10EMA and closing below W1 MC3 Low. The pair has been in consolidation for a while but we're facing some important monthly closes below. I might look for a 4H sell as a continuation.

NZDUSD D1

Cross up with 20MA sloping up. However we're in consolidation seen in W1 MC and D1 MC. I will need to see a breakout of this 0.66 area or otherwise sell 1H/4H off the D1 MC High.

Good trading guys,

--- 帖子 #2256 ---
you would be more effective not using acronyoms

--- 帖子 #2257 ---
I take it the acronym you are referring to is MC? It stands for Master Candle.

Best,

--- 帖子 #2258 ---
Hello,

Im looking into me/me trading for the d1 chart. I wonder if you guys, when already in a trade, open a extra trade per day if TMS tells you it's still good to be in the trade.

--- 帖子 #2259 ---
Hi,

I've taken two trades at midnight, EURUSD and EURJPY, both 2nd candle + good trendy candle, fine Cross 12-2 and some room to go up. Price closes both above MA(5) but also it's a counter-trend-trade...

regards

--- 帖子 #2260 ---
Yo brit pip where did you go? lol​

--- 帖子 #2261 ---
Hi there,

the last few weeks is studied the TMS original.

Then i found this thread. I will post the next demotrades and hope of more posts, opinions and a revived thread.

I feel certain to find a place to get help and help other people too.

best wishes

candle

--- 帖子 #2262 ---
Hey there, T!

I spotted the same setups at that time, but unlike you, I was afraid to go CT. The trend was very strong at that time. I am glad the trades worked out very well for you. Are you still in them, or you closed them?

Anyway, here is the bounce trade I spotted last night, and it hit my TP this morning, 140 pips.

EA, long, room to go up and test the resistance. What I would like to see after hitting the resistance is PA go back down, and give another good setup (there is much room to the support level, so there are a lot of pips on the table, if one decides to hold on to it for a couple of days).
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

The running trade that can be seen is not from the D1.

--- 帖子 #2263 ---
Hi catalin,

in EURUSD I was stopped out at but EURJPY run into TP, so I get a little plus out of the trades...

Your EA-trade looks good , I've missed AUDUSD and AUDJPY yesterday at midnight, but think they are now in a SR-zone

regards

--- 帖子 #2264 ---
Hey Deichkind,

Great job on that profit!

I don't know if AUDUSD is already facing resistance. I can see it run the AWR towards 0.71? Ofcourse we don't really know but we'll see how it turns out.

I'm in AUDJPY trying to build some position.

Good trading guys! Let's get this thread started again

Best,

--- 帖子 #2265 ---
It's good to know you are in profit on EJ.

To be honest, I did not see any trades yesterday, except my EA trade. The way I saw it yesterday, on AJ and AU I would have sold into support. The R:R would not have been favorable. I am not sure if you see it the same way as I do, but here are the pics:

AJ: Sequence of HH and HL, TL, so I would have been more comfortable with a long.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

AU: TL, sequence of HH and HL, until the DT which created a regular divergence. But still, that was not enough for me to feel comfortable with going short, since the support was very close. Perhaps on a lower TF, yes.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

So, from my point of view, you didn't miss out on those trades, although they did move over 100 pips. We'll get better setups in the future, no question about it.

Have a nice evening, and stay green, buddy!

--- 帖子 #2266 ---
I see someone's in a good mood.

--- 帖子 #2267 ---
@catalin: AUDJPY and AUDUSD I see in the same way...would also like to see a long setup in the next days

regards

--- 帖子 #2268 ---
@Catalin and Deichkind: Is the doublebottom with broken structure an pullback in the AUD/USD a matter for you? It means big chance for a trendchange = Long
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

And did i see it right that in the GBP/USD is a chance the next days?

Becaus upwards directed triangle = Bearish

Normally Breakout after 1/3 till 3/4 of the range from the base of the left to the peak on the right? According to my book
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

best wishes

candle

--- 帖子 #2269 ---
Hi, Candle!

In your first example, the DB was indeed a sign of trend change. And the PA went up, just as expected. Look at how many white APBs followed after that DB pattern! That was in the past. Now we do not know if PA will continue to make HH and HL. We did not have a close above the resistance, and we can see a DT formed. The tricky thing is that we should have a downtrend now, according to DT rules, but pay attention to the suport level, cause you do not want to sell into it. We must see a break of the support first. If it does not happen, then that means it will bounce and we can look for a long into the current resistance, but we must have enough space for a good R:R.

In the second example you are correct, according to the rules, we should see a break to the upside when dealing with a descending wedge formation. But as you know, nothing is 100% certain in forex.

Have a nice evening!

--- 帖子 #2270 ---
Took this trade yesterday around 1:00pm. It was an hour before the candle but i could tell it was a good cross with good momentum.Also it bounced off an old resistance level. Up 50+ pips so far
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2271 ---
@Catalin: OK, got it. Thank yo for clarifying.

best wishes

Candle

--- 帖子 #2272 ---
NU, long, I was aiming for the resistance, but I decided to close it before the USD news. A modest gain of 31 pips.

--- 帖子 #2273 ---
@Catalin: Good morning Catalin, modest but enough to stay happy =D  what matter is the first consolidation candle with the big wicks for you? Deterred me to stay out additional to the Ressistance.
Attached Image

best wishes

--- 帖子 #2274 ---
Hello, Candle!

Nice observation! I see someone's been reading about Emmanuel7788's WRB teachings.  The thing is that I did not looked at the chart that way. When I trade on the D1 chart, I enter as Big E entered the H4. So I enter on the open of the first or second APB, as long as it looks like a good APB, crossing above/under the 5 EMA, and with TDI Red Green confirmation. There was some space until the resistance, a little over 100 pips, and my thinking was that it has to test that level. So my entry was done based on that criteria.

Have a great day, Candle!

--- 帖子 #2275 ---
@Catalin: Only studied the HA-Rules Got it! Thank you!

--- 帖子 #2276 ---
Hi,

one Trade last midnight on the EURUSD, nice Cross 4 o'clock,2nd Candle, some room to go down like 100Pips, TSL showing down, big/good candle befor

regards

--- 帖子 #2277 ---
Hello, guys!

Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year!

--- 帖子 #2278 ---
Hello All,

Merry Christmas and Happy New year. Blessings of good health, prosperity, success and love.

Happy trading!!!

--- 帖子 #2279 ---
Hey there, guys!

This is my first trade on the D1 this year. Unfortunately, I am not always in front of my PC at that hour, so I will be missing some setups on D1 chart.

GN, long, aimed near the resistance, 140 pips gained.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2280 ---
@catalin: good Re-Entry-trade

--- 帖子 #2281 ---
Hi, i wanna start to trade this system in 1d chart.. what about news? can we trade one pair when have some medium/hight news in this pair..?

--- 帖子 #2282 ---
Thanks, D! I nailed it.

Have a nice weekend!

--- 帖子 #2283 ---
Hi!

I am rather new to D1 TMS trading, but as Emmanuel7788 said in other TMS thread, high impact news do not usually change the overall daily direction. The medium impact news... I do not care about them at all. I live in Romania, and usually the important news occur after LO. That means I can enter at 12:00 AM and after 10:00 when London opens, I have time to manage my trade.

Maybe more experienced D1 TMS traders can enlighten you more, but I hope this was helpful.

Have a nice weekend!

--- 帖子 #2284 ---
Hi, can i post my lose trades? (pic) and i wanna ask why im lossed..? i can faster learn

->  catalin_eros  Thanks,

--- 帖子 #2285 ---
Hello, Profanas!

Sure, go ahead.

--- 帖子 #2286 ---
Hi Profanas,

of course, please post your trade, so we all can learn

regards

--- 帖子 #2287 ---
Hi all,

I am a newbie on trading, started last summer testing, studying, going crazy of all holy grails...

I tested systems, indicators, started coding ea's, etc.

Only since i discovered TMS i have a feeling that i'm on the right path, especially with day charts since i have a daytime job.

Among the things i still have to figure out to develop a solid trading plan there is one i can't seem to find the answer. Maybe you can help me with that.

The day candles start at 23.00 local time (the Netherlands). At the moment the problem is that it is too late for me. I have to get up at 6 am and need my beautysleep :-) I do have the possibility before that time and maybe use pending orders but things seem to change later, or look at the chart at 6 am and maybe miss nightly moves or get stoplosses in the London session shortly after that.

Long story but maybe i'm thinking too complicated about it. Any advice?

Thanks in advance!

--- 帖子 #2288 ---
guys what pairs your traiding with, can we try all ~28 (roboforex) ?

--- 帖子 #2289 ---
@Profanas: you can try all pairs, for sure....but for me I take only the majors and some crosses, trendy pairs might be better. Test it out with the simulator witch fits your trading

regards

--- 帖子 #2290 ---
Hi kohaiNL,

im a newbie to in TMS since a few weeks. Im sure you get help with your Trading Plan. Here are enough good Threads for this Topic. But please note, a Trading Plan is a personal thing. Which Pairs i will Trade? Built of my Setup? Enteringrules? Exitrules? Positionsize adjusted to the account. I can suggest you the Book "Technical Analysis by John Murphy" for Basics.

I need my Beautysleep to. So my entry is at 6:30 am before i go to work.

Dont use pendingorders for your entry. You has to look at the chart on Candle open ore a little later. At the open of the candle the TDI moves a little, THEN make a choice like "uhhh TDI steep Breech, long candle ..."

Before 23pm you dont know how it wil look. Entry wih pending order in the TDI is like buying a car without having seen it previously. =)

Dont forget to reread TMS Thread. It takes a while^^

Best wishes to you

Candle

--- 帖子 #2291 ---
I have attached two templates that may help someone struggling to develop a trading plan. The zip file also includes an excel journal that helps to understand why you took the trade and allows you to analyze it with hindsight. It takes a lot to be this committed but if you are genuinely looking to take control of you actions, reflect and learn from your mistakes, then this will help.

Thanks to NickB for the original files.

Rgds
RM

--- 帖子 #2292 ---
Hi Candle,

Yes i'm reading TMS threads as much as i can and learn a lot about plans etc. I'll look for that book too (for when i'm done with the original thread ;-) ).

When you say i have to wait for the open or shortly after, you mean there's no alternative time to enter?  And what do you mean by exit in the morning? Do you keep positions open for just a few hours or is that just your standard exit time? I hope i make myself clear.

Regards,

KohaiNL

--- 帖子 #2293 ---
Hi,

upps.. im meant Entry not Exit on 6:30am. Sorry... (fixed it). = /

You find the Exitrules in the original thread.

Sure there are alternatives but you have to make your own way. But you're just a little as I ready for it. First Step is master the orignal TMS. (My way to)

Get a collegeblock ore Word, read the TMS-Thread, wrote the essence of it down, stay at the orignal System without "optimize" it. Make a notice which characteristics has to be complied. Then trade in the LFH Simulator and record it in Excel with a snapshot (Snippingtool). (my way to)

best wishes to you

Candle

--- 帖子 #2294 ---
At the moment i'm reading the original TMS thread and this one, making notes etc. Yes optimizing is a trap i fell in several times, kept getting more and more indicators on the screen... Now i'm studying heikenashi, some MA's (for the trend) and TDI.

Yesterday, reading the thread i read that my question about entry time was asked before so i'll be more careful asking things that have been answered before.

Thanks and best wishes to you too

KohaiNL

--- 帖子 #2295 ---
Hello!

Trading D1 allows you to scan through multiple pairs, indeed, because you only have to do it once a day. But just as Deichkind says, you have to be selective and chose the best pairs. And keep in mind that some pairs are strongly correlated, so you can cut down on 28 pairs, since there is no point in opening the same trade in two different pairs. At least in my book.

Happy trading!

--- 帖子 #2296 ---
I didn't have time to post it, but here is my GA trade. GA is in a channel, so I went confidently with my short trade. It moved against me at first, but since my SL was on the other side of the channel, I was safe. My initial TP was at the bottom of the channel, but afterwards I decided to exit with over 130 pips profit, and continue to look for shorts on the LTFs, since the area where I exited, proved to be important in the past.

--- 帖子 #2297 ---
Hi Catalin_eros, haven't you thought about putting a 60 moving average ? That would give you a better perspective of the main direction. I mean the monthly direction which is the real direction...putting a RSi would be good no?

--- 帖子 #2298 ---
Hi guys, i have  a question for you all! Im trying to use a rotational hedging strategy that someone uploaded in another thread to the daily TMS system. The guy who uploaded the strategy Said that he was doing it for seven years, is there any interested on it?you can look for it or i can uploaded again and we can work con it.

--- 帖子 #2299 ---
Hello, Dagaco!

Well, I am trying to not stray away from the original method. I could use a 60 ema, I could also use a 50 and a 200 ema for direction. I could also use the guppies for direction... But as I said, the original method only has the APBs, the TDi, stochastics and the 5 ema, typical, shifted +3. At the moment, I feel comfortable leaving it just the way it was designed by Big E. If it ain't broken, don't fix it.

But I see your point. In the TMS thread there are a lot of traders using the 10, the 50, the 200. In that thread I have the guppies on one of my templates, just as SnarlyJack traded. So if the 60 ema is giving you an edge, then by all means, use it. The main focus is to make pips. I remember that X-man was using it on his thread.

By the way, the TDI is RSI.  It just has a MA on it.

As for your hedging question, are you referring to Neo's thread?

--- 帖子 #2300 ---
Thanks for your efforts Catalin_eros, it is true there is a RSI , i didn´t realize ,  the question about the hedging is that what do you think about doing rotational hedging, this guy was dare123. Do you think it is posible to do it whit TMS daily?

--- 帖子 #2301 ---
I do not know what to say... It is a variation of martingale. What do you do if you think the market will still be trending this day, but after you enter, it starts ranging? You never know when the trend is over and consolidation begins. But you can test it on demo and see if it works. And I did not understand after the 4 series of 3 lots are exhausted, what happens? If you are still in a loss, do you quit for the day? Or go to 4 series of 4 lots? Martingale is mesmerizing, but it is dangerous.

I remember when I was fairly new to TMS, there was a guy who wanted to try martingale. And I remember replying to his post: http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...05#post8567005

So if you keep adding to position, eventually the market will slam you to the ground. Unless you have a limit, so you stop after that 4 series of 3 lots, for example.

So only you can answer to your question, by demoing this method.

Trade safe, Dagaco!

--- 帖子 #2302 ---
Yes Catalin_eros, i m aware of those things that you are saying. I m just trying to figure out how this guy was earning money with this strategy for seven  years, and i dont think he was lieing,  at least i wouldnt do it ..may be ill try in demo setting it with emergency stops, im just trying to open my mind to new ways of manage my open trades .there is another man calles nunningbob who doesnt use stop loss  and he earn a lot doing it for years of course without leverage  and cutting loss if neccesary..thanks for answering so fast Catalin_eros.

--- 帖子 #2303 ---
By the way, where is britpip7???  ... I miss readind his post...

--- 帖子 #2304 ---
Hello, guys!

I took two trades this week.

I took a loss on EG, I went short, -80 pips. My entry was done one candle late. I thought the bears would take control, based on the 2b formation. Also, I think my SL was too tight, and I should have used the swing, and manage the trade afterwards.

EDIT: If I remember correctly, I did use the swing, and then minimized the risk after the IB. I got taken out.  I need to keep a journal or something.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Luckily, my other trade went well. I went long on GJ, hammer at support, BUEB pattern, +470 pips.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I hope your trades went well also.

Wishing everyone a great weekend!

--- 帖子 #2305 ---
Hi catalin,

nice bounce-trade on GJ! In EG it is like you say before it was 1 candle to late to entry. Next Week I will be back at my TradingDesk, Summerholiday and Christmas/January I don't trade so far.

Hope for us all many green pips

best regards

Thorsten

--- 帖子 #2306 ---
Hi,

I've got 3 Setups today at midnight, AUDUSD, AUDJPY and EURAUD, nice crosses, good candle and some room to go, also 2nd candle...

regards

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2307 ---
Hey Deich,

Looks good !

Are you planning to add positions or are you how exactly are you managing your trades?

Best,

--- 帖子 #2308 ---
The crosses are decent but keep in mind they are all near the 50 range which means that they are not really overbought or oversold at this point. Normally we look for crosses coming from closer to the 32 and 68 levels.

--- 帖子 #2309 ---
After such long trend-runs TDI might do not come back to the os/ob-zone, surely os/ob would be better to entry, I'm with you...

regards

--- 帖子 #2310 ---
Good Morning Thorsten,

i hope you trades run smoothly.

I dont enter the trade because:

A/U Ressistance in the Daily

A/J TDI Cross long in weekly

E/A TDI cross short in weekly

Therefore i got a short Trade in the USD/JPY

Because:

steep Cross Daily

Big first candle

Big Support in Daily and weekly

Stochastic confirmation Daily

TDI Weekly looks down
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Hope our trades went well.

Best wishes

--- 帖子 #2311 ---
Hi Candle,

a good setup but I didn't see a cross in USDJPY on your daily-chart, only nearby.

My trades doesn't run very good, will see at the end of the day what happens on TDI...

@tibovwh: I don't plan to add in the trades, I only trade with one trade per pair

regards

--- 帖子 #2312 ---
Hi,

there was a cross in the morning at my Entry. It moves a little bit back.

best wishes

--- 帖子 #2313 ---
Good Morning,

Yesterday i thought "ok it will stop at the big Ressistance, thats my Exit" And it does.

But i decided to go out at the next day (Today) justified with the Big Pullback after the hit of the R. I took the Exit with +185Pip.

Normally i wait for TDI-Flattening ore hook.

But there was a lot of momentum so i thought it dont fell more and that the market is overstretched.

Dont know if i handle it right. Maybe someone can make a opinion for those extreme-situations.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Best wishes

--- 帖子 #2314 ---
@candle: very good, I would make the same with TP, after such a big bar often there comes inside days/ranging, then TDI will hook automaticly

regards

--- 帖子 #2315 ---
Hello, guys!

I closed yesterday my D1 trades. 2 winners and a loss.

GU, long, 180 pips. It was a bounce trade before the TDI refreshed. I assumed the price should retrace after that big downtrend and the rejection candle.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

EN, short, 150 pips. PA failed to make a HH. No need to aim for more, since the S is very close.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

USDHF, long, I closed it with a loss of 80 pips. R close, but I thought I could milk a few pips.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2316 ---
When i look at the charts it looks like it's done with an EA. Is that right? Are you using an existing/available EA? I'm primarily interested in automating entries because EOD is a bit late for me (GMT+1).

--- 帖子 #2317 ---
I don't think that the trades are done by an EA.

I myself testing currently a semi-automatic EA for entering so I can enter "deep" in the trade in the Asian time in the retracement ... '

But first it is important to manually get into the trade.You have to test if you still come at an opportune time in the setup .I myself get at midnight into it, Candle get in round about 6 Hours later, each one found it'sown way...

regards

--- 帖子 #2318 ---
Good Morning Catalin,

nice trades.

whats the reason for you to took the trade in the USD/CHF. Because i thought after a few bounces the TDI is "milked".

How did you rated the little Resistance in Daily and big Ressistance in weekly. Before you enter it?

Best wishes

--- 帖子 #2319 ---
Thanks for your reply.

On the charts i saw the symbols that appear when i backtest a strategy, that's why (blue arrow pointing right, red lines for sl and tp).

Regards

--- 帖子 #2320 ---
Hi,

another trade in AUDUSD in the early morninghours, good harsh cross, good candle before, 2nd candle, red line points a little bit down and we have got a retrace in the AsianTime but resistance in roundabout 70 Pips

regards

--- 帖子 #2321 ---
I am not using EAs. When I am at PC when the new D1 candle appears, I look for entries manually. You can try H4 trading, if D1 candle appears too late for you.

--- 帖子 #2322 ---
Hello, Candle! I am sorry for the late reply! I have just seen it.

The PA was heading up, and I thought there is room for milking a few pips until the R is hit, and until the TDI gets in the OB zone. Unfortunately, it did not work out.

I am not sure I understand the last part of the question, but I did not look at W1 chart at all, I traded only the D1.

--- 帖子 #2323 ---
Hi, D!

I am in AU also, and I have three trades closed. I'll post them when I have time.

So are you taking in consideration the slope of the redline?

--- 帖子 #2324 ---
Hi Catalin!

Sometimes I look onto the slope of the red line, Setup would be better, Britpip did the same with the red line, look at his post on the first page.

Also look at the red line and the slope on D1 and compare it with the green line on W1, mostly the same

--- 帖子 #2325 ---
Hi Deich,

great trade! It struck me that it was the first time I spotted a TP and SL on your charts and today we get such a pullback bar hitting your TP. Howcome you decided to place your TP there for this trade?

Best,

--- 帖子 #2326 ---
Hi tibovwh,

I place a TP and SL mostly during the day, some time later than I've placed my trade, my pictures are taken just after I've placed the trade market so you can't see TP and SL. EURAUD and AUDJPY have also driven into TP and gave me many many Pips, nice trades at the beginning of the year.

best wishes

Thorsten

--- 帖子 #2327 ---
Hi,

today in the early morning a trade in EURUSD, good cross, 2nd candle, nice candle before, red slope points down but no reverse in the Asian Time and Counter Trend...

I also missed the cross in EURAUD, but I didn't like the inside bar before, maybee it should be ignored...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

regards

--- 帖子 #2328 ---
Good Morning TMS-Friends,

Got 3 Trades in the morning at 6:30; GMT+1.

EUR/USD: (According to Deichkind)

-steep cross with a lot of place between red and green line on the way to it

-good support in daily

-Both TDI-Lines show in Trade-direction

-in weekly good resistance to push the course down

-in weekly turning green line at the top of the Priceband
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

USD/CHF:

-I thought this Setup is straight out of a picture book

-again steep cross with a lot of place between red and green line on the way to it

-Both TDI-Lines show in Trade-direction

-32 line in the TDI is a Support an the bottom Price line too

-There are good support in daily and the course touches the Trendline the fourth time

-In weekly good support but a little place to the supporting Trendline
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

CAD/JPY

-steep cross

-course bouncing up from the 32-line and Priceband-Middle-Line

-Divergence in daily

-Both TDI-Lines show in Trade-direction

-Flattening TDI in Weekly, red line shows up

-Im not sure about the weekly, there were big pullback at the last candles. There are a few little Resistanclines to stop the actual downtrend. The red Tdi-Line look up, green starts flattening.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Hope our trades went well. Please correct me if im wrong

Best wishes

Candle

--- 帖子 #2329 ---
Hi, guys!

I did not find time to post my trades from last week, but here they are now:

EJ, short, +140 pips.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

EN, long, +230 pips.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

GA, long, +120 pips.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

AU, short, +60 pips.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

No D1 trades taken so far this week, and I will probably take none, due to my busy schedule. I hope your trading goes really well. Cheers!

--- 帖子 #2330 ---
Good Morning,

nice trades Catalin.

closed my trades today at 6:30 am GMT+1.

EUR/USD: +57

At the point of view the TDI makes a hook. Now the TDI looks better
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

USD/CHF: +67

At the point of view the TDI went flat. I thought the course stopp at the near Resistance. Now it looks better too
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

CAD/JPY: -56

At the point of view the TDI makes a hook. The last candle looks weak. Other JPY-pairs copy this movement.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I think there is place to improve the Exits. Glad to see the next Entrys.

best wishes

Candle

--- 帖子 #2331 ---
Took this trade yesterday.Currently +250 pips

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2332 ---
Good Morning TMS-Daily-Traders,

@catalin and candle: good trades, I'm always in EURUSD, missed to take profit at Round Number 1.1100, will see if it will be catched again...

@kingclarence: also nice trade in a little bit choppy market

green pips to all

regards

--- 帖子 #2333 ---
Hi,

a new trade was done on USDJPY some minutes before, good cross, 2nd candle, red slope up, above ema 5, much room to go but also countertrend,

i also looked on USDCAD, USDCAD break through resistance and made a good cross, for my opinion bar was to long, TDI near 32

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

regards

--- 帖子 #2334 ---
Hi,

at USDJPY I've closed the trade with a little minus, TDI hooks and so I've closed the trade....

At Friday I've taken a trade in EURUSD, 2nd candle, good TDI-cross, red line flaten out, trend line and some room to walk up...

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

have a nice weekend

regards

Thorsten

--- 帖子 #2335 ---
I'm no expert but I'm not sure about this trade

--- 帖子 #2336 ---
I'm currently in two trades    Aud-Usd +176.7 and Eur-Aud +157.9

--- 帖子 #2337 ---
Looks good! AUDUSD I've missed and EURAUD I was taken out some Weeks before.....

--- 帖子 #2338 ---
Good Morning kingclarence,

maybe you can post you chart and your reason why you enter your trade so everyone learn something. It will help a lot, including me.

best wishes

Candle

--- 帖子 #2339 ---
Good Morning,

@kingclarence: Missed AU and EA

@Thorsten:

Good Setup Thorsten,

but at 6:30 the angle was not good. :/

took this Trade at morning GMT+1; 09.03.16

USD/CAD:

-Steep Cross in Daily with help from the trendline and normal support

-In weekly are a few red candles but bending Red and green line. Support from the TL too.

I find it sometimes difficult to take the Trade in the right moment of reversal (when theres a beginning reversal in weekly). Maybe i could wait for the next candle on those trades.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

best wishes

Candle

And folks, regardless of whether newbie ore experienced who read this! Please post your Charts, ask, criticized whatever, so everybody can learn! You keep this thread not alive with only reading. The commitment from all of us, effected succes of all of us. Nobody got perfection without getting criticism.

--- 帖子 #2340 ---
Hello Candle,

Setup looks very good, also red slope shows up in D1, I haven't take a trade on USDCAD because I think we are buying into a resistance/fliparea...will see.

EURUSD was closed this morning cause green TDI slopes down and change of candle color, only + 20 Pips ...

Green pips for you!

regards

Thorsten

--- 帖子 #2341 ---
Today a trade on AUDUSD, 1nd candle colorchange, good candlelength before, green looks sharp to south, red also poiting down, some room to go down but also against the Main Trend....

regards

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2342 ---
Good Morning Thorsten,

Sure very good cross. But the little candle and the strong weeklycandles keep me out. :/ Maybe the 2nd candle gives a good entry.

Greez

Candle

--- 帖子 #2343 ---
Today 2 new Setups, AUDJPY and GBPUSD, 2nd candle, good cross, red slopes down, good candle and some room to walk to TP

regards

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2344 ---
Good Morning,

Got 3 Trades in the Morning 06:00 GMT+1; 16.03.16, 2 according to Thorsten.

GBP/USD

-Good Cross daily

-Support via trendline and magic number 20

-Weekly weak white candle

-falling Triggerline

-slope looks up

-TL and magic number 50 made the Resistance for the upwarts candle
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

AUD/USD

-steep cross daily

-support via magic number 50 and TDI 68

-possible resistance in 100 Pip distance

-old support in daily

-Trade in trenddirection

-upwartscandle in Weekly

-old resistance and tdi-resistance push it in tradedirection

-triggerline hooked in trenddirection

-slope started to bend

-stoch too
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

best wishes

Candle

--- 帖子 #2345 ---
AUD/JPY

-steep cross daily

-entry at the 2nd candle because the first was weak

-good tdi support

-cross below the tdi 68-line

-enough place to the TDI 50 line

-support via magic number 50

-stoch looks down

-Furthermore support via Trendline (daily and weekly)

-Weekly upcandles start to get weak

-Both TDI-Lines bends
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2346 ---
I do not usually trade the daily charts, but what do you think about this?:

--- 帖子 #2347 ---
Good Morning AlanGS77,

Today at my time 06:00 GMT +1 (normal entry for me) with Heiken Ashis its a good cross.
The good signals are:

-both Tdi-lines in Daily look down

-Cross through the 68 TDI-line

-Stoch looks in Tradedirection and comes from the overbought level

-Much much support in Daily and weekly

Now the bad signals:

-Look at the long wick and the littleness of your candle (Entry candle is 2 at your chart). Long wick signals that there is buyingpressure

-There are the Magic Number 20 as Resistance (1.12000)

-and the badest signal is in the higher TF look at weekly how strong the white candles are thats the KO. Both Tdi lines look up stoch too. No sign of hooking ore bending

The chance is realy big that when you enter the trade, it goes against you and then it corrected in Tradedirection. But at this moment i wouldnt enter and wate for a better chance, like when the MN 20 is crossed.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Hope it will help you.

best wishes

Candle

--- 帖子 #2348 ---
Good Morning TMS-Trades,

Yesterday my 3 Trades in demo were in profit. Before FOMC came i thought "ok lets try to trade without consider it" Mpp! Wrong

If FOMC ore NFP came after your entry, go out. If you are good in profit and you trail you SL every day ore every few days a little forward its not a must. Because if your trade runs fine and you have no Exitsignals like both TDI-Lines start to bend at a TDI extrem, you dont know in which direction it goes. I think the best is watching while FOMC ore NFP is coming.

My Trades

AUD/JPY: -70 Pip instead of +33

GBP/USD: -100 instead of +71

AUD/USD: -145 instead of +38

Total -315 instead of +142 after 24 hours lol..

For me the extract is my entrys were good and FOMC is evil.

best wishes

Candle

--- 帖子 #2349 ---
Alan why dont you use the ATR for your entries? ATR 1 higher or 75% than ATR 7, remember Britpip7 style?, Im trying to learn from all big traders like Emmanuel, MrAussie and many more....Britpip7 simplified the Tms daily.. Send me a private message and we can discuss in our language if you want buddy

--- 帖子 #2350 ---
Hello Alan,

a good looking signal, nice steep cross, on candlesticks you see an Engulfing pattern, come from resistance,room for 50-150 Pips, red slopes down but also Countertrend and don't cross under MA5

regards

--- 帖子 #2351 ---
Very good analysis, my friends

What about GBP/AUD now?

--- 帖子 #2352 ---
Also Countertrend and Im not sure if there is a resistance straight ahead,looks more like a bounce, 1st candle, close to MA5, red slopes up and nice divergence in D1, could be room for roundabout 450 pips, and on candlestick nice pinbar at support.

regards

--- 帖子 #2353 ---
Good Morning Mates,

Took 2 Trades in the morning GMT +1; 06:30.

EUR/JPY:

My BPP says:

-Course bounced away from resistance next to the Trendline

-Weekly MBL looks down

Daily:

-Good Cross, good candlesize

-enough place to the magic number 50 an TDI 50

-Slope, Trigger and stoch looks down
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

AUD/JPY:

My BPP Says:

-Same as in EJ

Daily:

-Good cross

-Good Candle

-Slope looks down

-MBL start to bend

-There is monthly Resistance in 50 Pip distance
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Both in profit till yet. Attention: Wednesday FOMC.

best wishes

Candle

--- 帖子 #2354 ---
Hi TMS day traders.

I had shared two charts before here, those setups would have been BAD trades.

They're a good example of not trading against the trend.

I like to show a chart before the week starts so the few people who now read this thread can follow your good advices.

It's a shame new traders feel so much attracted to lower timeframes and this thread is so quiet now.

What do you think about this one?

--- 帖子 #2355 ---
Hi Alan,

Can you please post your assessment before demand it from us.

You only learn if you judge the conditions of a tradesetup ore a market. So others can give you some advices ore amendments.

If you want to rate a market before the week began plz take time to create a Big Picture Plan. I do the same. It takes me 3 to 4 Hours per Weekend.

Here is the instruction:
Attached File(s)   Emmanuel7788 on Big Picture Planning.pdf

1.1 MB
|
909 downloads

Hope it helps you.

Best wishes

Candle

--- 帖子 #2356 ---
I apologize, you're right but I wasn't demanding only asking.

In this case, looking at the weekly chart, I can see there is a master candle which means we're in market consolidation and TDI cross when PA is inside the Master Candle are not good trade entry, we must wait for the breakout.

I learned this from Emmanuel too.

Have a good day.

--- 帖子 #2357 ---
Oh My!! What did I miss as part of my education with the Master Candle and consolidation rules as mentioned above?? I have gone thru so many different TMS posts and don't recall this part. Can someone please fill in the "holes" of ignorance? I've seen the MC Indicator and even have it on a couple of my charts, but didn't know how to use it as part of my contextual analysis.  Thanks in advance.

--- 帖子 #2358 ---
Good Morning,

today i closed my two trades from last week.

Maybe EJ a little to early , but want to protect the profit

EUR/JPY +380
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

AUD/JPY +341
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Good Morning Alan,

youre right.

Take your time and think about which pairs you want to trade. Then make a Tradingplan an BPP.
http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...57#post8832657

Hi Ictrader11,

Question is answered by Alan:

"I can see there is a master candle which means we're in market consolidation and TDI cross when PA is inside the Master Candle are not good trade entry, we must wait for the breakout."

Theres only to know its a higher risk to take a entry after the MC is not broken.

You dont need a indicator. You have eyes =D

Best wishes

Candle

--- 帖子 #2359 ---
Good Morning,

got 2 Trades in the Morning GMT+1; 06:30

GBP/USD

BPP SAID:

-PA is at a very low point

-the Magic Number 1.4000 is already touched

-Weekly stoch and slope looks up

-Attention: Thursday Taxdecision in GBP

Trade:

-very steep cross

-Trigger and slope looks up

-stoch confirmed

-Enough place to to run, the next Resistance zone ist at the Magic Number 80, there also a monthly and weekly Resistanceline

-The TDI 50 makes me a little stomachache because the cross is directly below it. Normaly its better when there ist a little place between cross and TDI 50. Because often there is a reversal at the TDI 50. And when there is enough place to the TDI 50 youre not in minus when the TDI Hooks against you. But there are enough good arguments to take it.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

NZD/USD

BPP said:

-weekly the consolidation brokes

-Shorttrades to risky because the TL

-Longtrades possible if the weekly and daily R-Line is broken

Daily:

-steep cross

-Slope looks down

-MBL looks up

-Stoch confirm

-Enough place to run

-Vola a little small

Maybe dont trade NU anymore because the heavy "Wobbleing"
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Best wishes

Candle

--- 帖子 #2360 ---
Good Morning Mates,

closed my 2 Trades this morning. Because PA is incredible deaaaddddd.

GBP/USD:

Took the Exit with the high impressive win of 1 pip.

Triggerline flat

Volatility slims
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

NZD/USD:

Profit of 40 Pips

Triggerline bends

Rate is near the monthly Resistance zone

Rate is in a small volatilitychannel

It builds TDI resistance
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Today ther were a few good crosses like in the EJ ore UJ. But the movement is shitty. Shitty Movement an little Candles are a reason to stay out.

In the Aussie Yen ther is the second white Candle (Entrycandle) but the rate ist to near at the weekly an monthly r-line.

best wishes

Candle

--- 帖子 #2361 ---
Hi,

im back on my track. Throwing some sh** away from my chart.

The method from babypips to draw resistance and supportzones is good.
http://www.babypips.com/school/eleme...esistance.html

But ive didnt seen the forrest because of the lot trees. Other members draw lines at very zig zag. But its better to mark the importanst Zones.

Got 2 Entrys in the morning. 06:30 AM GMT+1

AUD/USD: +40 actual

-steep bounce

-bounce through the magic number 50

-Trigger and slope looks great down

-stoch confirms

-Support from TDI 50 and MN 50

-enough place to run

-Weekly confirms the trade

-Trigger slope and stoch looks down
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

GBP/USD +55 actual

-Steep great cross daily

-big Candle

-Trigger and slope looks great down

-stoch confirms-

-enoough place till the TDI 50

-Magic Number 50 and Daily maybe annoy the trade

-Weekly confirms the trade

-Reversal at the current uptrend weekly

-support by the TL
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

regards

candle

--- 帖子 #2362 ---
Hi Em,

Would like to check for a good risk:reward ratio.

if it is lesser than 1:1, lets say 1:2, should we still enter the trade?

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #2363 ---
Emm?

Buddy, you are in the wrong thread...

regards

Candle

--- 帖子 #2364 ---
hello bro,

Thanks for the prompt reply.

Yeap wrong thread.

--- 帖子 #2365 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

I took this trade today

--- 帖子 #2366 ---
Closed trade out

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2367 ---
Anyone still focusing on this thread?  I am looking to focus on the daily charts.

--- 帖子 #2368 ---
I ask myself the same...

--- 帖子 #2369 ---
Some interesting Setups on NZDCAD and AUDCAD, comes from EMA 100/200, TSL looking upward, Chart shows recent Swings, SL calculated on 150% of ATR 7, TP will be made manuall, close particular at 150/300/450% of ATR or Trade will be closed when TSL going flat...

--- 帖子 #2370 ---
I have some Day Chart reversal Contrarian trades based on TDI with Alerts Indicator using FxChoice ECN GMT+2 - I look forward to any feedback - but I know that these Charts may be too early to trade. However, I am still experimenting with D1 and TDI:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Good Day !

--- 帖子 #2371 ---
Every day Simple? I like everyday profits!

System make me rich? Everyday?

--- 帖子 #2372 ---
MoneyZilla...thank you for knowing this possibility with this D1 TF TDI system. I have subscribed to you in the hopes of gaining some wisdom ! I will follow-up with my Day TF Charts above to see where they go.
Thanks again for hope again using Forex ! I am very excited ;-)
I would like to afford a full set of dental implants, Toupée, a convertible Mercedes and a new Model Mistress !

--- 帖子 #2373 ---
Momentarily, I will follow with uploading my Oanda SP GMT-5 Charts too - compare with the FxChoice GMT+2 platform!

--- 帖子 #2374 ---
I excited, too! I your friend NOW!

500 pips? I like this club. New in club, but nice.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Cent account. Live. No envy, please. I not rich. Yet. Rich, soon.

Open trades now? Its nice wisdom...
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Tops? Bottoms? You liked it!

--- 帖子 #2375 ---
MoneyZilla...very nice ! Thank you for being my new FF Friend !

Well, the following Posts are my Oanda SP GMT-5 Day Charts using the TDI Alert Indicator, Auto Fib and Super Signal Indicator based on Renko I believe:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2376 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2377 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2378 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2379 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2380 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2381 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2382 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2383 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2384 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2385 ---
Remember, I am only testing these Broker Platforms and the Indicators as well as 5 day ATR based trades with calculated TP and SL, then manually adjusted them above or below the SR key levels for a RR of 2-to-1,

I decided to add FXCM GMT+2 to my testing the D1 TDI and I do look forward to any feedback ;-)

--- 帖子 #2386 ---
FXCM D1 Charts using the TDI Aleret Indicator plus Fib and SS Indicators are following:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2387 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2388 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2389 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2390 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2391 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2392 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2393 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2394 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

So, that is it for my Demo Platforms: Oanda, FxChoice and FXCM with the D1 TDI system.

Goodnight !

--- 帖子 #2395 ---
Good Morning FF Friends,

My trades overnight during the LON session were profitable overall using mini 0.01 Lots or approx. $0.10 per PIP..

I decided to safeguard my profits during the NY Open, then reentering after the LON Close after the News. It is said in this business, that it is just as important to take and guard your profits, as it is profiting from your trades.

I will upload my D1 Charts in alphabetical order, first with Oanda, then FxChoice and lastly, FXCM.

I. Oanda SP GMT-5 Practice:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2396 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2397 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2398 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2399 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2400 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2401 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2402 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2403 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2404 ---
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2405 ---
Attached File(s)   OANDA Corporation-2016-12-19-0823.pdf

328 KB
|
223 downloads

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2406 ---
Attached File(s)   FX Choice Limited-2016-12-19-0843.pdf

315 KB
|
326 downloads

Attached File(s)   Forex Capital Markets-2016-12-19-0855.pdf

322 KB
|
200 downloads

--- 帖子 #2407 ---
I decided to enter trades again before the LON Close testing a fixed TP-300 with the more important SL-150 to see if this SL would be enough to avoid News "whams" or spikes to Close me out early on the D1 TF.

I did this on the extreme Fib levels of 100 and 0, as well as the Fib 50 to capture the Retraces.

Let's see what happens

--- 帖子 #2408 ---
Hello, DrForexMD,

please re-read the first post of this thread and show your trades the way Britpip did it.

Thank you

regards T

--- 帖子 #2409 ---
last week I deployed Sell Stop in AUDUSD, good PA with an engulfing Candle, then good Cross of TDI and TSL will also run in our favourite side, next support will be in around 120 Pips, Price touches EMA 200 bevor, downtrend will now be etablished. Entering the trade with a SellStop-Order with 0.03 Lot and SL around 120 Pips =1.5*ATR(7) nearly, in the moment 0.01 Lot was closed because we reached TP1, set SL nearly BE and now heading to TP2/3.

regards

Thorsten

--- 帖子 #2410 ---
Will do Deichkind, thank you...

So, where is Britpip ?

--- 帖子 #2411 ---
Agree. Will go and follow with you. thanks.

what set about the MA? the first post only write 100EMA+200EMA，not write the short term MA. I think it may be 21EMA?

--- 帖子 #2412 ---
No, Britpip has done many backtests, all the indicators he uses are on the first page of the thread. If you want to add some indicators it's up to you for your system/strategy. But in this thread please only post pictures aso with mostly of the original rules, so we will a speak the same language.

Wish you all a merry christmas

T

--- 帖子 #2413 ---
Sorry for my poor english. I see there are three MA in your picture. can you tell me what your set these MA? Thanks for your reply.

--- 帖子 #2414 ---
Next week plan for AUDNZD SELL @1.0440

1- APB change colour.

2- TDI cross down

3- Price close under prev Fractal

Is it too late to entry next week?

--- 帖子 #2415 ---
The MAs are from the original-Setup from Britpip7.

You will find it here:

http://www.forexfactory.com/showthre...55#post8227655

--- 帖子 #2416 ---
Looks good with your settings, but in my opinion please use the template from britpip so we will speak the same "language"/setups,

on my screen with AUDNZD I see in the moment no strong cross, maybe tomorrow, and TSL is not looking downward. But the reversal formation on "normal" candlesticks looks good imo.

I think the demand/supply zone could be to near to entry, we will see tomorrow

regards

--- 帖子 #2417 ---
Hi, anyone. Why ATR7=173 did not trigger a sell ? who can explain this one. Thanks.

--- 帖子 #2418 ---
Cause its xmas rime lol

--- 帖子 #2419 ---
oh and your charts too complicated go back to post 1

--- 帖子 #2420 ---
Please re-read post 1, Britpip7 uses stop-orders, and this order wasn't filled. Because he puts the order into the market when the candle closes, he puts the order 10-20 pips under the second red candle. So does the price go under it?

--- 帖子 #2421 ---
Hi, T.

Why not put the order under the first red candle? It look like the first red candle follow Britpip's entry rules.

1- APB change color

2- PA move strength , closed below 100ma and 7ma, not near 200Ema

3-TDI cross within the last 1 or 2 candles and moving down from the 68 region

If put the order under the first red candle 10-20pips, he will entry the trade.

sorry for my understanding and thanks for reply.

--- 帖子 #2422 ---
Hi Blue,

first britpip7 waits of the candle closes, second I think he waits for the the 2nd red candle to get a clear cross and third he waits for the TSL to points south/down, then he puts his stop order into the market. ok, and fourth I think Supply/demand will be to near.

I'm searching the Setups with the method of Britpip, but then I will switch down to H4 and set their my Stop-Order and the SL to get an better R:R, cause of the smalller SL. But this will my own way to handle my trades. We will here discuss the Setups the way Britpip has done it

regards

--- 帖子 #2423 ---
Hi, all

I entry sell this Currency pair AUDNZD last week.

1# 2016/12/27 Day chart entry @1.043, SL @1.0505, TP @1.0255.    Mannul exits @1.0377

2# 2016/12/28 H4 chart entry @1.0423, SL @1.0450, TP @1.0380.  reach tp exits @1.0380

3# 2016/12/29 sell stop @1.0355. deleted

See attach. What do you think about my exits? should i continue hold the 1# order?

--- 帖子 #2424 ---
whats about the slope of the TSL?

--- 帖子 #2425 ---
Hi,Deichkind

The current slope is 1.0.

I use the template what you mentioned. and the tmstdi_watchdogs sets is 13,0,34,3,0,8,0. Is that right?

thanks for your reply.

--- 帖子 #2426 ---
TDI has the right settings.

But my question was about when the TSL says to you to sell? You don't use Stop-Orders on all trades, why?

--- 帖子 #2427 ---
Today a little bit lately I took 3 Pendings on AUDJPY and EURAUD, nice crosses and TSL move into favourite direction, next supply/demand will be is sufficiently far away, trades goes away from EMA200, AUDJPY is in a good uptrend and EURAUD maybe in a downtrend/range, also Ihave EURNZD on my view/pending, but it's not my favourite

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2428 ---
Hi, everyone

On this example, my questions is:

1- what is the Money Management Strategy? how to calculation the Add-on orders lots?

In the #1 post, Britpip7 said he trade 3% of his account. That means he trade 3 orders at the same time and 1% per order(so total is 3%) and first order's TP is 1.5X ART(7), second order's TP is 3XATR(7), let third order run. Is right?

2- How to judge a trend and can we against the trend?

On the Chart #1, the bar is upon 200EMA, the pre trend is uptrend, but Britpip entry the trade when the price is retracement.

How to explain?

3- How to exit?

Can share yours exit strategy?

Thanks.

--- 帖子 #2429 ---
Hello,

@1: you are right, he uses 1% per Trade, but thats a personal thing how much you will risk and how much you can, how much risk can you take mentally?

@2: thats up to you to trade against the trend, for me I take it that under ema 200/100 only short and vice versa, between no trade. And I'm looking for higher highs/ Lower Highs and vice versa

@3: First I've TP at fixed points, but I close trades also on supply/demand-zones and when TSL will go against/flatten out

regards

--- 帖子 #2430 ---
Hi, D

1- Is the Add-on order 1% risk too?

2- what do you think about below trade?

Thanks for your reply very much.

regards

--- 帖子 #2431 ---
Hi, guys

Britpip often mentioned RSI(10). But he didn't add RSI(10) to indicator windows2, he only added RSI(10) values to indicator windows 1.

So how to see whether RSI(10) is move in the same direction?

--- 帖子 #2432 ---
Hi, mates

See attach. Do you think this is a chance?

What about your opinion?

regards.

--- 帖子 #2433 ---
for me I won't take this setup, for me it's against the trend, I'm only trading away from the Ema 200, could also be ranging now, look for a strong PA to get out of the trouble, there are much little candles. I think you have to wait for a much better entry. I thin there could be nice entries in the next days on AUDUSD, NZDUSD, AUDCAD

I'm also in GBPNZD since some days, I have waited that price goes out of the trouble of the range, then waiting for a little cross/touch of TDI and then entry:

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

regards

--- 帖子 #2434 ---
I also quit AUDJPY now cause TSL runs against my direction, so trade invalidation

--- 帖子 #2435 ---
Yes. you are right. there are too much small candles and no  a big candle to break. thanks for your reply.

regards

--- 帖子 #2436 ---
Hi,

one trade in NZDJPY, entry at bounce after break/3 ut out of the range, targeting the old high, closed 1/3 of the position and trade to BE. Nice bounce after breakout, TSL points up, away from MA 200. Entry on H4 after a nice 123 per buy-stop order

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2437 ---
NZDJPY was closed cause TSL runs flat and strong PA downwards like engulfing/railroad pattern

--- 帖子 #2438 ---
#1 order day chart -

1. Pre day candle is star candle

2. Bar close below 7MA&21MA, Change color

3. TDI cross down

enter at the day bar closed

#2 order H4 chart -

1. Big bear candle closed below 7MA&21MA, Change color

2. TDI cross down

enter at the H4 bar closed

#3 order day chart - enter at the day bar closed

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2439 ---
Don't see a TDI-Cross from your first entry on my Charts, nor Britpip7 don't enter at Candle close, Britpip enter with pending order, do you have a trading plan and keep on it? Whats your exit-strategy behind it? Please follow the rules from Britpip7, the founder from this thread

--- 帖子 #2440 ---
Hi,

a trade in EURGBP, over 100/200 EMA, no SR-Zone at entry and enough space, TDI first cross, now bounce and TSL looks up, entry with stop-Order on fractal on H4. Entry with SE/ME, partial close of the position on every room and trailing the SL also.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

regards

--- 帖子 #2441 ---
1- I used TDI default setup, not RSI = 3 and TSL = 8; so I see the cross and you don't see.

2- I think we should wait the candle close to confirm the signal, so I like enter at candle close for the first entry. I used pending order for AOC entry or re-entry.

3- My exit-strategy is (1) the candle closed upon MA for sell order (2) SL & TP

GBPAUD had exit all at H4 chart, and wait another sell signal.

--- 帖子 #2442 ---
i subscribed this thread for profit per month

--- 帖子 #2443 ---
Hi,

Can you post some trade pic to learn? Thanks.

--- 帖子 #2444 ---
hello BlueSky....

on your screenshot....  highlighted in yellow...
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

What does this HA (Heiken Ashi) value means or its uses?

thanks & regards...

v2v

--- 帖子 #2445 ---
Hi, v2v

Sorry, I also don't know that. I don't use it.

I think it may be used to calculation the slope.

--- 帖子 #2446 ---
one trade in AUDCAD Daily Chart

--- 帖子 #2447 ---
Hi Bluesky

The HA readings are Candle body / upper wick / lower wick, hope that is what I remember.

Regards

--- 帖子 #2448 ---
Yes. I agree. And What problem do you think with my entry?

The pre-candle (Candle 1) is small or have long wick?

But my entry was pended below the lower of Candle 1.

Thanks for your reply.

regards.

PS: Add-Ons AUDCAD Trade Daily Chart

--- 帖子 #2449 ---
Bluesky

Sorry but I cant match your chart with mine and it is not a pair that I trade, I have made alterations to the way I trade

Regards

--- 帖子 #2450 ---
Hi, guys

What's your opinion about this pair EURCAD?

Is this a A+ SETUP to sell?

Please share your view.

Thanks

regards

--- 帖子 #2451 ---
1- LHLL

2- Reversal around 100EMA

3- R:R=2:1

--- 帖子 #2452 ---
Entries:

1- APB Closed and change color

2- TDI Cross from above 32

3- It make a HL

Exits:

1- 1.5 X ATR(7)

2- APB Change color

3- TDI make a reverse cross

--- 帖子 #2453 ---
Entry for sell:

1- APB Change color and closed below 7MA

2- Body of pre-candle is enough large

3- There is a PinBar. See weekly chart, 200MA as R levels.

4- Divergence

Exits:

1- APB Change color and closed above 7MA

2- TP

3- TDI make a reverse cross

--- 帖子 #2454 ---
Entry for sell:

1- LHLL

2- Break the Fractal

Exits:

1- APB change color

2- TP

--- 帖子 #2455 ---
AUDCAD Trade loss one order.

Pending sell under the yesterday StarBar

Pend reason:

1- Potential LHLL

2- APB change color and closed 7MA&100MA

--- 帖子 #2456 ---
Hello, thank you, for your posts. I closely watch your theme. One question. With all the entry points, the breakdown of the fractal is mandatory? Sorry for my English.

--- 帖子 #2457 ---
No, I don't think it is mandatory. If waiting the break, it may be too late for entry sometimes.

You can use the break of Fractal to add-on.

--- 帖子 #2458 ---
Well, let's say the candle on the pair is closed and I can make some conclusions on this candle. Synergy changed color, Green above red on TDI. Will it be possible to enter the purchase of this candle if it closes?

--- 帖子 #2459 ---
Hi, ejlestrado

I want to say that.

First, I am a newbie too and trade not very well. so what i said is just for a reference.

we can learn from each other. but i am not a person of authority.

Second, let to talk about your chart

MY Questions is:

1- how do you judge a trend? how to judge it is a sideways or not?

2- how to entry a initial trade? use pending order or should wait the candle closed to confirm?

For your question:

I like to wait the candle closed as confirm.

If it closed above the fractal (as the upper edge of consolidation), I will entry buy. The reasons for entry buy:

(1) make a Higher-High

(2) the body of candle is large enough.

(3) break the factal or consolidation.

(4) PA is above 7MA&100MA&200MA.

Hope help to you.

regards

--- 帖子 #2460 ---
Concerning the first question, frankly, I do not know how to correctly determine its direction, I often go into the market for divergence. This question was asked only on the basis of your screenshots. I enter the transaction only with a pending order on rollback. Thanks for the helpful answers. Sincerely.

--- 帖子 #2461 ---
Hi, Bluesky8635, What do you think about selling this pair? Thanks in advance for the answer.

--- 帖子 #2462 ---
As for me, not a bad time for shopping nzd/usd! I'll go into the deal on rollback! Sale gbp/nzd! Very good looking silver purchases!!!What do you think about these deals Bluesky8635?

--- 帖子 #2463 ---
Yes. I think it is a A+ setup.

I also entry.

--- 帖子 #2464 ---
Hi, ejlestrado

1- NZDUSD

(1) The price is under 100&200MA, long term is down trend.

(2) It is very close to the R Level.

For me, it is down trend and no have enough room to run, so I would not take this pairs.

2- GBPNZD, it is good instead of NZDUSD to trade.

(1) Break the consolidation

(2) TDI run downward

(3) have enough room to run

--- 帖子 #2465 ---
Hi, ejlestrado

1- About the break of the fractal

“using Fractal breaks for re-entries / add-ons, and use these as part of my analysis / chart posts and training sessions. I was using them for some time before I found TMS”. --#post 110

2- About Pending order

See #post 124
https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...85#post5261385

--- 帖子 #2466 ---
Thank you friend!

--- 帖子 #2467 ---
Deichkind,

I like your comments regarding sticking to your trading plan   - makes for repeatable actions - keep up the great work .  Pending sell stop or buy stop works well - I mostly use that approach for when I cannot watch the charts and base the decision on price action and the signals.

Cheers - David C.

--- 帖子 #2468 ---
For my 2 cents on this it looks a late entry - a better entry would have been when price action broke the previous fractal low - but then hindsight is wonderful

--- 帖子 #2469 ---
Great thread here.

I am learning the TMS from the original thread but applying it always on the D1 charts since day d1.

Good to see some filters added. Fractals show great S/R.

I have few ques.

1.) Are the rules still valid from post 1.

2.) I don't see any RSI on the templates.

3.) Does the cross need to be on the first or second color change candle.

--- 帖子 #2470 ---
Hi,

Post #1 is still valid for rules with the exception that I have dropped RSI - it didn't seem to add anything.

The cross can be 1st or 2nd candle wrt colour change on APB

Please post a chart sometime.

--- 帖子 #2471 ---
Thought I'd see what was happening on the thread.  Looks to be running well

I'll post some charts over the next few days.

Happy trading.

--- 帖子 #2472 ---
Thanks for the reply Brit. Soon Ill be posting chart. Lets see if all the conditions are met today.

--- 帖子 #2473 ---
Ok first chart here.

USD CAD -Cross at OB Area. Candle turning blue. S/L and T/P based on the ATR.

AUD USD - second candle color change, good angle of cross, fractal break.

Comments please. I am still learning price action. I might have overlooked a lot of stuff. Thats why I am here to learn from the masters.

--- 帖子 #2474 ---
For your USDCAD entry that would be slightly early for me - I would wait for the TDI cross to confirm on the next candle

For the AUDUSD this looks good - you have a nice down trend with successive lower highs and lower lows amd a strong cross developing on the TDI on the 2nd candle

--- 帖子 #2475 ---
Here's my latest trade in process

The entry point was on the 2nd candle with the TDI cross coming off of the 32 level.

This would be a reversal which is bouncing off of the 100EMA

Currently the PA is only moving sideways so after 24 hours you need to look at the indicators such as last Fractals and the TDI - my main concern here is that the TDI Mid Zone is still heading lower, however, the TSL and RSI lines are showing a strong up slope!!!

--- 帖子 #2476 ---
Hi, Britpip

What do you think about my trade on EURNZD Day Chart? I am learning.

EURNZD Trade Sell On Day Chart

#1 Entry:

1- Divergence

2- APB Change color

3- TSL Downward

4- RR=2:1

Now the #1 is BE.

#2 Pending order below StarBar (SL=130Pips, TP=260Pips, RR=2:1)

Thanks in advance.

regards

--- 帖子 #2477 ---
USDCAD

On W chart and D chart, I see it is down trend. we should wait bar closed to confirm.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

AUDUSD

1- W chart is down trend

2- Reversal around 100MA&200MA.

--- 帖子 #2478 ---
Thanks Brit

yes the USDCAD hit the Sl

The AUDUSD is still in play but negative though. Lets see if this turn positive. Weekend coming and then holidays. Is it good to hold the position or close it.

--- 帖子 #2479 ---
Thanks Bluesky for the feedback.

Any other cosniderations for the AUDUSD.

I realized my mistake on USDCAD as I didn't follow the weekly trend.

--- 帖子 #2480 ---
Hello everybody. As always, I have a few questions:

1. Your thoughts on the couple's couples with a screen?

2. After determining the setup, how do you enter the trade?

3. How do you control it?

For earlier thanks that have shared the opinion.

--- 帖子 #2481 ---
EUR USD - SELL

My thoughts

1.) TDI cross, good angle and coming from OB.

2.) Uptrend moment looks exhausted

3.) TDI flipped on weekly.

4.)  5 ema.

Your feedback is welcome.

--- 帖子 #2482 ---
Last week the price drives in the range of the 22th may candle, wait till a good candle will close out of this range and then decide

--- 帖子 #2483 ---
I like it - looks like a textbook entry, especially with the Divergence call

--- 帖子 #2484 ---
Here's some of my thoughts - this chart is really busy and the mote indicators that you add, the more conflicting signals.  These are all subjective, but if it adds to your decision making then all power to you.

I see divergence on the TDI followed by a strong cross so there two entry points that cold have been taken.  PA heading into the 200ema is always a challenge but this would be good for 150pips

--- 帖子 #2485 ---
Entry point is in need of some PA assistance, especially with major holidays in play on May 29th

--- 帖子 #2486 ---
Trade safe with stoploss. Do you have?

--- 帖子 #2487 ---
Hopefully you are all trading with stop losses - Potential suicide for your trading account to trade without SL!!!

--- 帖子 #2488 ---
My EURUSD Sell trade hit the SL.

I will make a introspection on Saturday.

--- 帖子 #2489 ---
Hello everybody! What do guys think? As for me clear sales!

--- 帖子 #2490 ---
Formed an external bar! The fractal is broken in the continuation of the downward trend.

--- 帖子 #2491 ---
EURAUD Sell Trade

Enter:

1- APB Change color and closed below 7MA

2- Divergence

3- TDI crossed and toward south

4-  The low of pre-Fractal is 1.49339, so Pending order at 1.4930

Result: loss -150 Pips

Where do you think i didn't follow the rules?

Thanks in advance

Regards

--- 帖子 #2492 ---
What's the direction of the overall trend? What does the weekly say? look at the chart? where did you have make more pips/money short or long on the ölast 2 months?

--- 帖子 #2493 ---
Rightly said! Wkly and Daily are showing upwards trend. TDI is also in +ve zone. A counter trend trade of Sell was very risky as it may have been placed a bit late if you had waited for a cross.

--- 帖子 #2494 ---
Hi, Deichkind & Sachu

Yes. Thank you for your reply.

It is the same problem with EURUSD. Not follow HTF Trend, catching the falling knife.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Although It looks like reversal at the near Resistance making a starbar. but the TDI Green line didn't turn round.

Don't trade into S/R level and try to catch the falling knife.

Questions:

1- How to know the end of one trend?

2- How one can be sure that is an actual trend reversal or just a pullback? see #post518 & #post519

what is your point of view?

Lessons Learned:

1- Follow HTF Trend

2- Sit on your hands, don't to catch the falling knife

3- Only trade the clear trend

--- 帖子 #2495 ---
EURJPY SELL TRADE ( A Retracement Trade)

1- W Chart

It looks like reversal near 200ma. TDI go flatted and downward.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

2- D Chart

Enter:

(1) APB change color and make a large body

(2) Break fractal

(3) TDI cross and go downward
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2496 ---
looks like a good setup, but I think you are in front of a resistance zone, imo better to wait on a long setup to trade in the direction of the overall trend

--- 帖子 #2497 ---
Yes. I know. This is a retracement trade.

And Yesterday the candle didn't closed below pre-Fractal. Potential threat. Hope it can be closed below pre-Fractal(the support level) today.

I will watch on it closely and quickly exit if necessary.

Best Regards.

--- 帖子 #2498 ---
:-)
If anyone needs something like this

--- 帖子 #2499 ---
Hello, everyone, what do you think? I bow to sales, a question in search of a setup.

--- 帖子 #2500 ---
look like same with my eurjpy trade

--- 帖子 #2501 ---
Let's see where this one goes.

Day has already crossed on TDI and given 200 points, so this is more of a re-entry on H4

Good TDI Cross with PA moving below the recent Fractal Lows as well as crossing below 200ema

On the downside, TDI is heading back into 32 zone

--- 帖子 #2502 ---
EURNZD Sell Trade ( Re-enter )

Enter reason:

1. Last bar is pinbar.

2. Pending Sell order below last bar. and it is trigglered.

--- 帖子 #2503 ---
Hi, Britpip

I am using your ADD-Ons strstegy.

EURAUD Sell trade ( Add-Ons )

Enter:

1. Trend reversal. Break Support and the last low.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2504 ---
Hopefully it will get some price action support soon

--- 帖子 #2505 ---
Master Britpip

what do you think about my EURAUD Sell Trade?

Should I close the trade? Because the TDI go flatten and the PA didn't break the Pre-Fractal really yesterday.

What is your Exit Strategy? I am puzzling the exit.

Thanks advance.

--- 帖子 #2506 ---
Same Question about EURNZD Sell Trade.

No really break out the Support.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

PS: Enter a buy order to hedge the sell order at H4 TF.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2507 ---
PA pushed lower overnight, so the last I looked at this it was still trending lower on the H4 and is now in profit. Your last candle is moving lower and is just about supporting the trend lower.

For how I trade, I will let this run for now until it hits my TP levels - Cavemanager is set up to take profits per my trading plan.

The key aspect here is to watch the chart and if you are not comfortable with letting it run, close and wait for a new entry.

Day chart is showing down.

--- 帖子 #2508 ---
The day chart on EURNZD is running into a 100/200ema zone. I would not trade this pair on the day until there is a breakout. Looks to be heading sideways at the moment with the last 2 H4 candles as dojis!

--- 帖子 #2509 ---
Here is the latest on the euraud.

TP1 hit at 80 pips.  50% of the trade still running with trailing stop now in place.

Now that the trade has provided a profit and there is no loss risk, I can look for new trade entries.

--- 帖子 #2510 ---
For those of you that are interested in Cave Manager, I am attaching the settings that I use.

My settings are based on three profit settings.  TP1 is for 50% at 85pips, TP2 is for 25% at 180 and TP# is for 25% and is set to 1,000 and is usually closed out by the trailing stop

this means that your trading volume must be divisible by 4

--- 帖子 #2511 ---
eurnzd may be worth watching with an APB colour change in play on the day chart

H4 is showing convergence, so there is a good possibility of a reversal

--- 帖子 #2512 ---
Hi, Master

Thank you for your share.

1. Why do you set TP1=85pips? According to 1.5*ATR(7), right?

2. That means we trade single enter at one time, SE/ME, right?

3. TS=SL=TP1?  do not use Pre-candle H/L?

Regards

--- 帖子 #2513 ---
I was seeing too many trades not hitting my TP levels so I took time off from trading and spent a long time testing strategies.  I came to a conclusion on the higher time frames for the pairs I was testing that I was expecting too much and the greed glands were in overdrive.  The results showed that when the trades triggered, 85 pips was hit on a consistent basis so that's what I went with for TP1 for 50% of the trade.  About 50% of the trades died at that point and then 180 became TP2 for 25%.  For TP3, this is left open at 1,000 pips and managed with the trailing stops so that some of the larger moves can be hit.

Initial SL is 115pips minimum but I will reset it to a recent H/L or nearest Fractal / Support / Resestance.

My main pairs are EURAUD / GBPAAD / EERNZD / GBPNZD as these not only have good ATR7 values but when they reverse, they can often move several hundred pips.

Again, trading is all about finding a style that fits your personality - I prefer to place it and leave it as I do not have the time to sit and watch charts - hence the higher time frames.

--- 帖子 #2514 ---
Master,

Thanks for your reply and your test work.

I will do a test to find a style of myself too.

"place it and leave it“ said good. I always want to check the chart and see my trade. That often affects my judgement and emotions.

Thanks more again.

BEST REGARDS

--- 帖子 #2515 ---
Hi Britpip7,

As for USDJPY and EURUSD, as I was looking at the day charts, I am looking at a buy and sell respectively. I have observed several key rules but would like to hear if I am seeing something wrongly.

I hope to improve on my trading eye because my losses are deep and want to fine tune my mistakes and errors.

--- 帖子 #2516 ---
hello ejlestrado, the TDi histo indi on the bottom of your chart, can you post it pls? Thanks

--- 帖子 #2517 ---
Hello  Britpip7 ,

Is EUR / AUD good for a buy ?

APB/HA closes and changes colour

PA moves with some strength, ATR1= 0.01069 > ATR7 = 0.009367

the candle body needs to be strong - larger body than wicks

TDI cross within the last 1 or 2 candles and moving up from the 32 region

next resistance ~ 150 pips

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Thanks

--- 帖子 #2518 ---
Hi, thomi

I am also watch this pair and waiting to trigger the entry.

Hope it go well.

--- 帖子 #2519 ---
Hi Guys,

Can you please explain to me why I can't get the cavemanager to work?

When I want to attach it to a chart it loads in expert  and then it's getting removed.

When I look into navigator it has a small grey circle in it, normally it has to be a small yellow circle.

Thank you and good luck.

--- 帖子 #2520 ---
Hi, all

Yesterday my euraud pending buy order was triggered.

but the day closed make a small candle or starbar.

should I close my order immediately or continue to hold? Any suggestion pls.

Thanks

Best regards

--- 帖子 #2521 ---
Please anybody can help me with that indicator i requested earlier? Thanks

--- 帖子 #2522 ---
Is this?
Attached File(s)   TMS-Osc Histo 3TF  v1.02.ex4

15 KB
|
246 downloads

or you can go here to find what you want. https://www.forexfactory.com/showthr...40#post4619540

--- 帖子 #2523 ---
Which folder you put the cavemanager?

should be like this C:\Users\461344\AppData\Roaming\MetaQuotes\Terminal\DD4C4615DE78766B65C3FED25C7AF262\MQL4\Experts??

it is EA, not an indicator.

--- 帖子 #2524 ---
No sir, this i not the indicator.

Its TMA centered Histo Indicator, Not TMS OSC. Thanks much for concern

--- 帖子 #2525 ---
thank you very much Bluesky, how dumb of me.

Appreciate your help.

Best Regards.

--- 帖子 #2526 ---
At the request erase files

--- 帖子 #2527 ---
Thanks very much for posting it

--- 帖子 #2528 ---
please!!!

--- 帖子 #2529 ---
I always follow the Weekly until it makes a fool of me. I still favour short but will wait till London Open on Monday

In general, EUR seems to be selling off at present.

--- 帖子 #2530 ---
Hi, sir

Thanks for your reply.

How you follow the weekly? Follow the pre week candle? or overall trend?

regards

--- 帖子 #2531 ---
Hello,

EUR / AUD reached this target.

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2532 ---
AUDUSD SELL

--- 帖子 #2533 ---
EURJPY SELL

1- Divergence

2- Green & Red line running below Blue line

3- SUC body

4- Pend order triggered

MM: ATR(7)=66, 2 orders (1% risk per order)

SL=1.5-2ATR(7)=120pips

TP1=120pips

TP2=3ATR(7)=200pips

when TP1 arrive, move SL to BE

--- 帖子 #2534 ---
Hi,

I would like to know if it is a bounce back or continuation trend, does the rules still apply?

--- 帖子 #2535 ---
share your template and indicator

--- 帖子 #2536 ---
EURAUD SELL PEND

Entry TF : 4H

1- APB change color and closed below 7MA & Trend Line

2- APB body enough large

3- Follow the day trend

4- Made LHLL at the day chart

5- TDI not crossed, but I think it is not necessary

4H Chart
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Day Chart
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2537 ---
Here you go

--- 帖子 #2538 ---
GBPJPY PEND SELL ORDER

Entry TF : D1

1- LHLL

2- APB change color

3- TDI crossed toward south

Weekly Chart
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Daily Chart
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2539 ---
AUDUSD SELL

Entry reason:

1- APB change color and closed below 7MA

2- Make a lower factal

3- TDI crossed down

4- Divergence

5- Breakout the Uptrend line

--- 帖子 #2540 ---
Exit AUDUSD Trade, the reason is:

1- near the support

2- Star bar yesterday
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Waiting to continue sell if break out the support zone.

--- 帖子 #2541 ---
GBPJPY SELL

Entry reason:

1-APB change color and closed below 7MA.

2-Break out the consolidation.

3-TDI crossed down.

4-The body of SUC is large enough.

MM:

1- Risk=1% per trade

2- TP1=1.5ATR(7)@147.8

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2542 ---
AUDCAD BUY

Entry reason:

1- APB change color and closed 7MA

2- Support zone

3- TDI crossed up

MM:

1- Risk=1%

2- TP1=2*ATR(7)@0.9900

--- 帖子 #2543 ---
USDJPY SELL

Entry reason:

1- APB change color and closed 7MA

2- Resistance zone

3- Break out the Fractal lower and consolidation

4- TDI crossed down

MM:

1- Risk=1% per trade

2- TP1=1.5*ATR(7)@111.20

--- 帖子 #2544 ---
EURJPY SELL

Entry Reason:

1- APB change color and closed below 7MA

2- Make a lower fractal

3- Break out up trend line

4- SUC body is enough large

5- TDI crossed down

MM:

1- Risk=1%

2- TP=3*ATR(7)@129.5

3- ER(Expected Reward)=1.22
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Is it early to entry? What do u think about?

--- 帖子 #2545 ---
Hi, I am would like to know more about risk/money management.

I have my share of losses that amount to US$7.5K.

I really want to learn how to retrieve my losses back...

--- 帖子 #2546 ---
Hi, birdnest

I am sorry to hear that. I have the same problem with you.

But I don't think what you really need is the money management.

Because you can look for the money management anywhere. and I think any strategy all include the money management.

What you really need is the DISCIPLINE, PATIENCE, PLAN, PRACTICE and so on.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Money Management

Sorry to Britpip7 for the attach which is from another thread here
Attached File(s)   Money Management rules.doc

26 KB
|
399 downloads

hope help to you.

Best Regards

--- 帖子 #2547 ---
Thank you very much Bluesky8635.

I guess my biggest failure is my greed and as such the over leveraged trades. It is indeed a very tough journey about 3-4 years yet I still cannot be profitable.

--- 帖子 #2548 ---
Is there anybody still trading with this system??

--- 帖子 #2549 ---
hiya,

How is trading going on with this strategy?

Tnx

--- 帖子 #2550 ---
Hi BP, Looking forward to you starting up again.

Best, AG

--- 帖子 #2551 ---
Here we go - getting back into it with this trade and back in with the day charts. Entered on the new day candle at 5:20 pm PDT - candle starts at 5pm. Left overnight with an initial SL of 220 back to last Low Fractal Low. ATR7 was at 164 pips, so SL @ 1.5xATR7 would have been around 250 pips. Now running with a trailing stop of 100pips - so 30 pips profit locked in. I will get Cave Manager running again so that I can set up for phased exits. 3rd window has the Bill Williams Awesome Oscillator with the 8,3,3 Stochastic overlay.

Closed for 100pips seeing as it was folding back on the H1 chart. No further entries for this week. Will watch for a re-entry next week

--- 帖子 #2552 ---
Welcome back master.

Hope this thread can go further.

Best regards

--- 帖子 #2553 ---
Greetings Bluesky - how have you been?

I am very glad to be back on FF

--- 帖子 #2554 ---
I am fine, still learning. thanks

I have a question about MTFA.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

What scenario can we take a trade when the day chart was against the week chart?

for example the NZDCAD

Weekly chart

It made a big bull candle, seems the trend would change to up.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Daily chart
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Would you take the trade on daily chart which was against the pre weekly candle?

thanks

--- 帖子 #2555 ---
When you trade against the higher time frame trend, you need to be aware that there is still heavy momentum against you.

For the current day chart, it is telling you that there is a strong support zone below the current price action, and past history is showing a tendency to go lower, and with the weekly trend, you will need a strong signal.  I would not go against the 7EMA at this time - it needs to show signs of an upward move.

Probably not the best set up at this time - the upside look limited, so I would look at other pairs.

--- 帖子 #2556 ---
AUD/CAD may be one to watch seeing as it did take a 2 week break from its downward trend (has reached a 10 year low),  I will watch this next week for new signals, as this could go either way.  Could be a good one to watch on H4 for a fractal break

--- 帖子 #2557 ---
Hi, Britpip7

thanks for your reply.

But I think you misunderstand me. The candle I talk was not the current candle, but 7/23 candle whick I marked with arrow.

Was that against the week candle(2019.7.14-2019.7.20) if we enter short on 7/23?

thanks again.

--- 帖子 #2558 ---
USDCAD

Pend Long order above the high of pre-fractal.

ATR(7):69.7

Pend order:1.3340

SL: 1.3235 (1.5*ATR(7)=105pips), below the low of 2 candle

TP1: 1.3430 (1.2*ATR(7))

TP2: 1.3550 (3*ATR(7))

Risk: If the price cannot break the Resistance strongly, then be careful, maybe cancel this trade.

Day chart
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

1. APB change color

2. BUOB

3. TDI bounce up

--- 帖子 #2559 ---
Sorry about the mis read

I like the day set up from 7/23 - predominate trend is down, once TDI confirms, it would be pretty much text book for entry, and good for 100+ pips until the Aug 5th spike.

--- 帖子 #2560 ---
wow - welcome back britpip! good to see you back here. i traded your variant of this system manually a few years back with mixed results - mostly due to my impulsiveness and back then less skill in reading a chart/price action. would be interesting to fire up another demo and see what i could do this time round, as am overall a lot better at reading a chart

blam

--- 帖子 #2561 ---
Greetings,

Glad to be back

You can create a checklist for things that must be correct before choosing an Entry.  These become the rules.  Don't break the rules.  Don't force a trade just because you don't have a trade running!

Wait for candle to close (APB Candle colour change is a good starting point) and look for:

Fresh TDI cross with good angle

+

Fresh Stochastic cross with good angle

+

Not trading into Support / Resistance (includes 100EMA & 200EMA)

+

Candle Size (ATR1 is not significantly less than ATR7)

+

AO is supporting colour of entry - res for sell, blue for buy (AO crossing the zero line is also good)

--- 帖子 #2562 ---
hey britpip, are you saying it looks bullish or bearish for nzdcad?

sorry, i don't have the template set up at the moment, a quick look at the daily chart to me, looks like the structure is bullish, waiting for a reversal. This is backed by a strong bullish divergence of the TDI. but maybe it will drop further to support at 0.832 first?

Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2563 ---
Hi, blamshakk

I think this pair is no trend. That is mess with too much small candle.

So, Britpip suggest to look at other pairs.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Best regards

--- 帖子 #2564 ---
USDJPY

Pend a sell stop order below the low of 8/20 candle.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

1. APB change color.

2. Closed below 7MA

3. Weekly and Daily is down.

4. BEEB at the Resistance zone.

5. 20EMA as Resistance

The only question is TDI doesn't cross down yet, so keep careful.

Any comment welcome.

thanks

--- 帖子 #2565 ---
USDCAD

The pending order was triggered.

But the price didn't go up strongly making a Doji, so I tightened the SL @1.3290 below the low of 8/20 candle and 7MA.

I accepted the LOSS.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Best regards

--- 帖子 #2566 ---
Looks good for a short structurally

Blam

--- 帖子 #2567 ---
CADJPY

Pend buy stop order
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

1. APB change color.

2. TDI bounce up.

3. BUEB

4. Closed above 7MA.

The question is the long term MA is down. 20EMA maybe as Resistance.

So, keep careful when the price reach the 20EMA whether go up strongly.

Any comment welcome

Best regards

--- 帖子 #2568 ---
[quote=Bluesky8635;12455860]CADJPY Pend buy stop order {image} 1. APB change color. 2. TDI bounce up. 3. BUEB 4. Closed above 7MA. The question is the long term MA is down. 20EMA maybe as Resistance. So, keep careful when the price reach the 20EMA whether go up strongly. Any comment welcome Best regards[/quote

The Day looks promising with the TDI Bounce - needs help from the Stoch.

On the H4, I see the MA for 7 has crossed 21 and 50, but currently looking a bit flat on price action - so not really breaking out - early days

--- 帖子 #2569 ---
Let's see where this one goes - this is my 3rd pending trade this week, so far nothing has triggered and have been cancelled based on Price Action.

Day TDI Cross + Stoch Cross at time trade was placed = PA has weakened since

Strong signal candle

ATR7 = 121 pips

ATR1 = 133 pips

SL = 140 pips

TP = 216 pips, but will be replaced by a trailing stop if this triggers overnight

APB colour change on signal candle

AO not confirming - too early

--- 帖子 #2570 ---
Hi, Britpip

Your pending order is not below the low of 8/21 candle.

Why? Pending on h4 chart?

thanks

--- 帖子 #2571 ---
Looking for a day reversal - PA stopped , so killed the pending order.  GBP has flipped so all bets are off .  Look for new entries from today's move

--- 帖子 #2572 ---
USDJPY

Pending order was triggered. It moved well.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

PS: The TDI did not crossed down at the signal bar. If we wait the TDI to cross down, the price maybe have moved too far.

Is this just a good luck or we should put less focus on indicator?

--- 帖子 #2573 ---
EURAUD

Bias: Long

ATR(7): 84.7

Entry: 1.6425

SL: 1.6300 (125pips)

TP1: 1.6550 (125pips)

TP2: 1.6750 (325pips)

APB change color.

BUEB.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

PS: TDI didn't cross at the signal bar.

--- 帖子 #2574 ---
CADJPY

Cancel the pending order.

--- 帖子 #2575 ---
EURNZD

Pending a sell stop orderBEEB at Resistance zone APB change color TDI cross down Closed below 7MA Daily
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

ATR(7): 134 pips

Pending order: 1.7415

SL: 1.7600 (185pips)

TP1: 1.7215 (200pips)

TP2: 1.7015 (400pips)

--- 帖子 #2576 ---
Current trade for GBP/CAD

ATR1 = 82pips

ATR2 = 139pips

SL = 160pips to previous Fractal H

Fresh TDi Cross

Stock heading lowere

AO turned to Red

Trailing stop now running at 45pips

Minimum profit = 87pips

--- 帖子 #2577 ---
Hi, Britpip

almost same trade.

1st, What is your trailing stop rule?

2nd, Can we add-ons below the low of 9/2 candle?
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2578 ---
Hi Bluesky - nicetrade

My GBD/CAD managed 120pips profit, so very happy with that.

Trailing stops around 45 pips once I.m in profit - It sometimes doesn't trigger as fast as I like, but I can't watch it 24 hours.

If I am adding on, I will drop to H4 and pick up on any bounces on TDI.

--- 帖子 #2579 ---
I like the signals coming off of AUD/CAD, but it is heading into a resistance zone - If I trade, it'll need to clear the zone.

--- 帖子 #2580 ---
AUDUSD

more prefer AUDUSD.

Daily
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2581 ---
Similar issues with a resistance zone ahead, but a strong TDI signal + Stochastic cross + Blue on OA + PA crossing the 7EMA

--- 帖子 #2582 ---
Adding on to the commentary for signals, TDI trending up, PA trending down = convergence.  TDI disagreed with the Price Action One of them was going to lose the battle

Not too confident this will provide more than 40 pips before I bail out.

--- 帖子 #2583 ---
So I did bail out at 44pips as PA stalled at the Resistance Zone.  If it breaks through, there will be another entry

--- 帖子 #2584 ---
Well, I am 4 trades into the comeback trail, and things look promising using the TDI set ups on the day charts.

So far 3 wins and 1 loss.  The loss was all down to me forgetting to set the trailing stop - good for re-learning.  Sometimes after a while away, you forget the simple stuff!

--- 帖子 #2585 ---
Watching CAD/JPY with interest.

The 200EMA has consistently acted as a resistance zone, so when PA gets close, watch for a revesal.  Today's candle may be the start of a pullback before we see a change in colour on APB.

The TDI RSI is approaching 68 and the Stoch is showing signs of a roll over, so both are in overbought territory.  Patience Grasshopper - wait for the signals

The H4 chart is also worth watching for an earlier sign of the reversal.  I am waiting for the Day candle to behave and go red

--- 帖子 #2586 ---
I pended a long order on 8/29 and was triggered. Still hold now.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2587 ---
EURJPY

Daily

Still hold.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2588 ---
Still waiting for the Day signal on this pair

--- 帖子 #2589 ---
EURAUD

Daily

SL=130 pips, below the low of 2 pre-candles

TDI bounced up

APB change color, buob, closed above 7MA

200EMA as support

TP1=130pips, 1R, @1.6270

TP2=260pips, 2R, @1.6400
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2590 ---
Taking the EUR/NZD short.

Day signals:

TDI cross plus Stoch

ATR1 = 135 pips

ATR7 = 87 pips

SL = 168 pips just above the last Fractal High

Previous Fractal Low is 450 pips away, so this has room to run

--- 帖子 #2591 ---
Hi. Great thread. Any chance you can share your current template? I see lots of indicators in attachments - but no templates. Thank you.

--- 帖子 #2592 ---
EURJPY

Daily
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2593 ---
AUDUSD

Daily

ATR(7)=37.9pips

SL=75 pips, just below the low of the pre-candles

TDI bounced up

APB change color, buob at Demand zone, closed above 7MA
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2594 ---
USDCAD

Pend a short order below the yesterday candle.

ATR(7)=43.2pips

SL=90pips above the high of yesterday candle.

TDI cross down

APB change color, BEOB at Supply zone, closed below 7MA

but the long term MA is flat and too near. Is a bad signal?
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2595 ---
EURJPY

Daily

Price stalled near 200MA.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2596 ---
NZD/CAD has been in a range for a while - good entry signal and now have Trailing Stop set at 30 pips - fingers crossed for continuing PA over the weekend

--- 帖子 #2597 ---
Hi, Britpip

On NZDCAD, my TDI indicator is different from yours.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

Is the setting of my TDI right?
Attached Image

So, I review the old post. Does it have any change?
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

thanks

--- 帖子 #2598 ---
Hi Bluesky

I try verify both charts with mine below-

- can be different price data at the time charts were made, compare the OHLC data top left of chart.

- different RSI data use in the parameter - use Close price, Exponential... comapre these different settings.

but whatever it is, the price action above shows the same bearish momentum.

I have sell positions last 3 weeks and next week with open sell.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2599 ---
Hi, emmanuel

thanks for your correct.

best regards

--- 帖子 #2600 ---
EURCAD

Daily

Arrived my TP1.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2601 ---
EURUSD

Daily

Let's see where it will go.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2602 ---
EURUSD

Daily

Tightened the SL and was triggered. Maybe too early.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2603 ---
When I look at this one on my chart, your entry point looks to be on after the 3rd red APB, si for me, this would be too late.  I usually enter at the candle following the colour change.

Here is my latest - pending sell stop with trigger just below the 21 EMA, following a good size engulfing candle with APB colour change.  And now we wait....

--- 帖子 #2604 ---
Hi - I am on Pacific - California - where are you?

--- 帖子 #2605 ---
If I had to pick a classic entry, this would be a good example on NZD/CAD - Had the AO changed colour, this would have have been an even better set up as far as signals are concerned.

The one caveat is that waiting for the day candle to close means missing some pips on this one.  For an earlier trade, the initial APB colour change was a good indicator for a reversal (especially after Monday's candle was showing the trend losing momentum), so maybe as PA moved above the 7 and 21 EMAs?

ATR1 grater than ATR7

TDI cross heading above 50 - My favorite TDI crosses happen when both the Signal Lin and RSI lines are crossing AND moving in the same direction

Stochastic confirms with TDI

--- 帖子 #2606 ---
Hi, Britpip7

I know the data of broker maybe result in the different display.

I was more care about the setting of TDI indicator.

Is my TDI setting right on day chart?

and what is TDI setting you used if trading H4 chart?

thanks for your reply.

--- 帖子 #2607 ---
Here are my settings

--- 帖子 #2608 ---
get it.

thanks

--- 帖子 #2609 ---
Hi all, I like this system...I understand how to enter a trade...but how do you decide when to exit?

--- 帖子 #2610 ---
Hi, fated

about entries and exits etc, all is in post 1.

best regards

--- 帖子 #2611 ---
Exits get to be something you develop over time, so if you are a conservative trader and you are watching the trade pull back, set a target which you are comfortable with.  If your trade pulls back 20 or 30 pips, are you OK with giving up that amount?

EelFranz used to watch his trades and take profit if the TDI rolled over and gave up 30 pips or so.

All depends on your tolerance levels and how much money is at stake.

I usually move my Stop Loss to break even after 30 pips and follow the trade with a Trailing Stop of 30 pips or 50% of ATR7 if higher.

--- 帖子 #2612 ---
AUDUSD

Daily

Price was stalled near 200EMA.

Big bearish candle.

TDI bounced down.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2613 ---
AUDJPY

Daily

same to AUDUSD.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2614 ---
NZDJPY

Daily
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2615 ---
CADJPY

Daily

--- 帖子 #2616 ---
NZDJPY

Daily

bad luck.

The SL was triggered as the news official cash rate released.
Attached Image (click to enlarge)

--- 帖子 #2617 ---
That can happen - NZD was a red flag news event for the bank rate announcement - I rarely check the Forex Calendar - need to make more of a point of checking for the pair that has a good set of signals

--- 帖子 #2618 ---
Hi Britpip7, hope you`re fine and the system still works.

--- 帖子 #2619 ---
Been reading this thread again. Britpip7?


===== 附件下载链接 =====

Candle Reversal Patterns.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/865344?d=1325205564
MT4 navigational tips and techniques.doc: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/865347?d=1325205626
@TMSTDI_WatchDog.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/866029?d=1325288561
ATR Pips UL corner.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/913680?d=1331079918
II_SupDem.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1105034?d=1356291743
TMS Watchdog settings - Britpip7.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/866821?d=1325536412
xpMA_v21.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/867974?d=1325667876
xpMA_v21.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/867976?d=1325667923
tms-daily.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/870921?d=1326038726
ATR Pips.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/870922?d=1326038726
Heiken Ashi_SW.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/870923?d=1326038743
Magnified_Market_Price.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/870924?d=1326038743
TMS-Osc.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/870925?d=1326038761
ATR Pips UL corner.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/871472?d=1326112037
eurusd 27JAN.doc: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/885433?d=1327678277
21 233 ema rsi(10).tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/890922?d=1328343112
tmsDay.rar: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/922172?d=1332053633
Synergy_APB_[C].ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/927192?d=1332516668
tms day 5 sonic.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/927203?d=1332517171
Sonic SHI Channel MTF with alert.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/927209?d=1332517458
Sonic SHI Channel MTF with alert.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/927210?d=1332517458
ATR in SL-TP(1).mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/965641?d=1337362160
britpip7 day template2.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/977222?d=1338957381
ATR Pips UL corner.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/977223?d=1338957529
Synergy_APB_[C].ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/977224?d=1338957529
Sonic SHI Channel MTF(1).ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/984170?d=1339953705
Sonic SHI Channel MTF(1).mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/984171?d=1339953705
RSI_Bars_M#_v3.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/984172?d=1339953759
Synergy_APB_[C].ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/984173?d=1339953759
Currency Strength - Giraia.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/984174?d=1339953823
Currency Strength - Giraia.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/984175?d=1339953823
# 002 britpip7 day with s-d.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1104801?d=1356202234
II_SupDem.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1104802?d=1356202234
II_SupDem.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1104803?d=1356202234
# 000 bp7 everything.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1184000?d=1367297192
# 000 bp7 2-7ma.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1200507?d=1369448071
# 000 bp7 3-5ma.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1200580?d=1369487981
Test for 2-7MA versus TDI.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1200918?d=1369604745
Daily_LinesBoxes_OC(1).ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1222595?d=1372344248
Daily_LinesBoxes_OC(1).mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1222596?d=1372344253
MTF RSI Settings.docx: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1223592?d=1372540220
Change Template All.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1234890?d=1374021997
Change Template All.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1234891?d=1374022001
Change Time Frame All.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1234892?d=1374022005
Change Time Frame All.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1234893?d=1374022009
# 000 bp7 2-7ma tdi macd v5.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1246495?d=1375591333
Stochastic_Divergence.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1246617?d=1375627286
2-7openema_cross_arrow_with_alerts.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1246618?d=1375627290
macd_adjustable (1).ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1246619?d=1375627295
# 000 bp7 3-7ma tdi macd v6.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1283216?d=1380387016
Looking for Support and Resistance Levels.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1374099?d=1393120635
Day Charts - July - August 2014.docx: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1486333?d=1407623498
TDI-MTF.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1492635?d=1408441714
4x account risk.xlsx: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1596178?d=1422074985
# BP7 day tdi apb.tpl: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1661450?d=1429898355
@TMSTDI_WatchDog.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1661458?d=1429898679
ATR Pips UL corner.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1661459?d=1429898684
Synergy_APB2_EDIT.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1661531?d=1429909733
trading-plan-template.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1834768?d=1453287762
hm_rotational.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1837270?d=1453487978
Emmanuel7788 on Big Picture Planning.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/1901835?d=1460313226
OANDA Corporation-2016-12-19-0823.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2109197?d=1482153882
FX Choice Limited-2016-12-19-0843.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2109237?d=1482155209
Forex Capital Markets-2016-12-19-0855.pdf: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2109262?d=1482155841
BUTTONS.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2343446?d=1496821680
Britpip7 Cavemanager H4.docx: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2355545?d=1497497170
THV CaveManager v1.41 (1).ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2355553?d=1497497283
TMS-Osc Histo 3TF  v1.02.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2367696?d=1498217526
TMAcentered Histo mtf.ex4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2368430?d=1498244654
TMAcentered Histo mtf.mq4: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2368431?d=1498244654
Indi&Template - BlueSky.zip: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2445776?d=1503055535
Money Management rules.doc: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/2569594?d=1511237540
Trade summary 9-6-2019.docx: https://www.forexfactory.com/attachment/file/3433535?d=1567880591
